various news organizations have come
together and have published op eds or
columns specifically calling out Donald
Trump and his accusations that the press
is the enemy of the people now a 350
newspapers took part in a collective
show of solidarity standing up for a
vigorous Free Press and standing up to
President Donald Trump's anti media
rhetoric so what I found fascinating was
that while most of the papers did
mention that this was a response to
Donald Trump some were more critical of
Trump than others because turns out that
some of these papers had endorsed Donald
Trump in fact at least one of the papers
to join this effort endorse Trump in the
election two years ago yeah
so that's that's an interesting little
twist twisty twist now I'm gonna give
you examples of what some of the papers
wrote in just a minute but Jake what do
you think of this effort well I mean if
you work for a newspaper and you thought
it was a brilliant idea to endorse the
guy who attacks the press all the time
because he did it during the campaign
oops and there's two different kinds of
attacks on the press one is legitimate
criticism well and by the way even
illegitimate criticism consumers have
been crying about liberal bias in the
press for decades and decades they
actually began it when during the civil
rights era when the press said such
outrageous things as black people and
white people are equal and they were
super mad about that they're like you're
biased
we say they're not equal they should
have separate water fountains at
separate schools and and they shouldn't
be allowed in our white pools this
goddamn liberal media what they're
biased saying that black people are
equal to us it's an outrage okay that's
how it started so but even that like
well that part's pretty bad but but for
decades as they went on and cried about
the liberal media that didn't mean that
you you know that that's illegitimate
that's their point of view I fight
against it that's called you know
America nothing wrong with that but when
you start calling press the enemy of the
people no that's dangerous man it's
obviously dangerous and when you start
talking about hey maybe we should shut
down or investigate the Washington Post
when you're the government
and that it's there's not only just
freedom of speech in the First Amendment
there's also freedom of the press I mean
it is a deeply unconstitutional thing to
suggest to shut down the press who don't
agree with you politically but the
people who support him and I'll give
with the exception of this paper here
paper here who finally woke up and
realized that but for the people who
support them they don't really believe
in American principles they don't only
believe in America yeah and look for me
this isn't an issue about papers or news
organizations that disagree with him a
lot of the reporting about Trump is just
factual reporting it's not opinion right
like we do opinion we're clear about
that but the New York Times The
Washington Post aside from their op-ed
section they just straight news
reporting now you might argue there's a
bias depending on the type of content
they decide to cover but the content
that Trump has an issue with is content
that's factual about what he's doing as
president of the United States he just
doesn't like it he doesn't like
reporting about what's happening with
the Russia investigation he can't stand
it all he wants is complimentary you
know articles with lots of pictures like
that's what he's hoping to find and he
can't stand the fact that people are
just reporting the truth about who he
really is and what he's really doing now
look there's a million examples but
right at the beginning he claimed that
millions of people voted for Hillary
Clinton illegally will illegal
immigrants that and that he actually
would have won the popular vote that's
mental it's not remotely true she was so
when the pret when the newspaper is in
the press reports that he actually lost
the popular vote by about 3 million
people and there were no there were not
droves of millions of illegal immigrants
voting that that's a fact that's a fact
if you're in Donald Trump C universe and
you don't believe in facts and you live
in an alternate reality it's not that we
can do to help you but just understand
that you're not fighting against bias in
that case you're fighting against facts
and by the way another in my opinion
benign issue that got him all you know
riled up he was mad that the press
reported the accurate crowd number of
people who showed up
at his inauguration and they actually
mainly all they did was take pictures he
was mad at pictures okay I mean sure
fine enemy of the people I mean if you I
can't help you if you're a lunatic so
I'm gonna give you examples of what some
of these papers published this is from
the Mercury News journalists are trying
to do a job we're not trying to tear
down our nation we're trying to
strengthen it for we believe in the
foundational premise behind the First
Amendment that our nation is stronger if
its people are informed and that's 100
percent right if you don't have an
informed electorate you don't have a
democracy you don't have a democratic
system you need people to be educated
and informed so they make the right
decisions for themselves so they don't
vote against their best interests
unfortunately we have people who vote
against their best interests all the
time but the media mitigates that and
and it's important to understand that
the hartford courant
actually had one of my favorite excerpts
so i'm gonna read that to you sitting in
court rushing off to car and plane
crashes listening to grieving families
sifting through masses of government
documents checking facts calling people
back checking facts again shooting video
taking pictures tweeting posting online
covering sports and music and the joyful
parts of life along with the tragedies
that's the life of your typical
journalist the enemy of the people in
the words of our self-serving and
misguided commander-in-chief the enemy
really I like that I don't know yeah
well that's cuz Trump is the enemy of
truth so one more thought on this the
press seems like they're like they're
calling out Trump more than they did
others why cuz Trump is a pathological
liar he just lies about everything right
and so they cut it forces their hand but
he shouldn't have to force their hand
and they shouldn't have to
accor could excuse their coverage and
that you're supposed to be watchdogs
watch dogs they're not puppies they're
not lovable little creatures right
they're watchdogs you're spending
watchdogs of the government you're
supposed to be
antagonistic towards the people that are
trying to push their agenda right you're
supposed to be skeptical of the
government you're supposed to question
them at all turns whether it's a
Republican or a Democratic president but
largely for a long long time they've
been playing patty-cakes until this guy
took lying to a whole new art form and
then they were kind of forced to call
him out but you know what he should have
I knew that all along and and what I'm
worried about is Trump leaves and then
they go back to sleep and then back to
lap dogs because if it's pence for
example right if that were to happen
pence is not as stupid as Donald Trump
his lives will be more subtle and it'll
be buried in his policy and he won't go
on out there and tweet like a maniac
right and my guess is everybody will
power down no please please do your job
I love that you guys got together here
and fought back that's wonderful but you
hold all of them accountable and
actually dig in to see what if their
policies are right or not right when
they say they bombed an enemy target but
it's a wedding please dig in and dig it
on day one don't write giant headlines
Pentagon says they were terrorists and
then two weeks later right the correct
that article and page a17 so we we do as
I've said a million times we don't want
to tear the press down there is
legitimate criticism of the press to
make them better and what Trump is doing
ain't it too easy ways follow Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
