the civil war in Yemen continues to
claim the lives of civilians in fact
most of the casualties are civilians and
one of the latest bombings by the
saudi-backed coalition went after a bus
that had children in it and according to
reports at least 40 children have been
killed and 30 wounded in the saudi-led
coalition airstrike in Yemen I want to
be clear that the bombs that are being
used in these civilian attacks are made
by the United States they're supplied by
the United States the intelligence that
the saudi-led coalition is receiving is
from the United States so this is
important because the u.s. is very much
aware of what's going on very much part
of what's going on in Yemen and again
the majority of the casualties so far
have been civilians many of which are
children so the charity's saved the
children said it had been told by its
staff that the children were on their
way back to school from a picnic when
the driver of the bus stopped to get a
drink it was one of more than 50
airstrikes against civilian vehicles by
the saudi-led Coalition in Yemen so far
this year so this civil war has been
going on since 2015 it it began with the
Houthi rebels who are rebelling against
the Yemeni government and Saudi Arabia
is essentially leading the charge in
trying to maintain the government there
the government control so things are
getting bad there's famine a severe
hunger cholera outbreak it just keeps
getting worse and the United States is
not only complicit but involved in
what's happening okay so a little bit of
background and then some extra details
here that are particularly disturbing
and also a little too familiar so the
background is that the Houthis are Shia
and people suspect probably very
rightfully so that they're backed by
Iran whereas the rest of Yemen roughly
speaking that they are fighting against
of the former government were Sunni
backed by the Saudis and the United Arab
Emirates is the second biggest part of
that so-called coalition and
a bunch of other smaller Gulf states so
it is a little bit of a sunni-shia war
and a proxy war between Saudi Arabia and
Iran we are on the side of Saudi Arabia
why yes they have more oil and they're
more friendly to us they're more
friendly to Israel and so we
unfortunately aid and abet this war and
in fact to his credit congressman ted
Lieu said we should look to see if we're
refueling the planes that are bombing
children and whether we're aiding and
abetting in war crimes and i think
that's a fair point and fair question so
uh i want to actually warn you guys
before we go to video that these videos
are graphic but it gives you a sense of
what the scene was like after this
recent bombing of this bus and again if
you get queasy you don't want to see it
fair warning before we go to the videos
but it's b-roll so Jane feel free to
talk over it let's take a look so there
it is that's after the bombing that's
what the bus looked like again 40
children died as a result of this
bombing and it's just it's it's
incredible not only considering how the
u.s. is involved in this there's very
little coverage of it no one talks about
it but also the type of commentary you
get from Trump officials like the
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo days
after this happened he is on the record
saying all these complimentary things
about Saudi Arabia which we'll get to in
just a minute but I want to also note
that this bus was hit at a market in the
northern province of sada and also the
coalition which is backing Yemen's
government in the war said that these
actions are legitimate so they're
standing by these actions they think
that this is fine yeah I want to give
you more background on that too so
colonel turkey al-maliki who is
apparently the coalition spokesperson
said that it was quote illegitimate
military action conducted in conformity
with international humanitarian law
really international humanitarian law
says you are allowed to incinerate a bus
with schoolchildren on it I'm pretty
sure that's not what international
humanitarian law says then they say well
don't worry
we are referring this to our internal
review that the Saudis conduct
preposterous so you're gonna be shocked
to find out that the Saudis when
conducting reviews of their own military
have decided that they are almost always
innocent Wow out of 75 cases in only two
instances that they find any slight
wrongdoing the other times it where they
were killing civilly is time after time
after time they thought that it was fine
by the way at least 55 civilians were
killed last week and 170 others were
wounded in a series of attacks so this
is from this particular attack but it
keeps on going in fact 10,000 people
including one-third of them civilians
have been killed 55,000 others injured
in the fighting according to the United
Nations now there's also a partial
blockade that has left 22 million people
in need of humanitarian aid it is the
largest food security emergency in the
world and now we have a record-breaking
cholera outbreak affecting more than a
million people something the world has
never seen before so all of this and
reporters on the scene in Yemen local
reporters took pictures of missile parts
that seemed to indicate that they were
made by Raytheon now that shouldn't be
surprising we sell the Saudis most of
their weapons so way we made a buck off
those kids being murdered and I suppose
Donald Trump is proud of that and to be
fair to Trump almost all the US
government's back saturday Rabia in my
lifetime whether they're democratic or
republican as long as they keep that oil
flowing apparently you get to hit little
kids
I remember Trump pretending to be upset
when kids were killed in a Syria bombing
and then he bombed Syria and returned
that was at one time he got super
positive press coverage they were like
wait a bomb
yes military now these kids are dead and
I don't see Trump holding a press
conference about what about the children
as he did in Syria because it's ours
doing the bombing and kellyo the
children so no tweets on it we use that
amazing.we aid and abet and and that's
what you're seeing here right now these
are kids again the majority of the
casualties in this civil war are
civilians these are not people who are
causing any trouble they're living their
lives in this horrible situation and
they're getting targeted by individuals
who think that it's legitimate to target
them by the way I want to go back to
what I had mentioned before Secretary of
State Mike Pompeo and his comments in
regard to Saudi Arabia days after this
bombing took place according to CNN
speaking by phone with Saudi Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Salman a few days
after the attack Secretary of State Mike
Pompeo thanked the Crown Prince
for Saudi Arabia's support for northeast
Syria's urgent stabilization needs its
engagement with the Iraqi government and
it's offered to help Iraq address its
water and electricity shortages Pompeyo
reportedly never mentioned the bombing
yes of course not because they're
thrilled that there were thereby more
weapons and they're hitting what they
perceived to be an ally of Iran and
Trump's in the middle was trying to
start a war with Iran to begin with so
this is not the bug it's the feature
and and in terms of the military
coalition the Saudi coalition here no
they said that they meant to hit the
kids they said oh the the terrorists
were gonna use the kids and bring them
to a training ground no it turns out you
know what they were doing they had come
from a picnic they were a lot of them
were dressed in in school uniforms
because they're kids and they were going
to a cemetery now that's a weird place
why were they going to a cemetery it's
one of the few places that had green
grass left because the war has
obliterated the country so they were on
their way I don't know if they would
have been bombed even if the guy had not
stopped for a drink but apparently so
because they the Saudis admit they
targeted it and now they go to the old
bag of tricks unfortunately reminds me
of what the Israelis say and other ally
of ours that continue to target civil
and kill them the spokesperson accused
the rebels of using children as tools
and covers for their terrorist acts in
other words we had to murder the
children the other guys made us do it
well here's one way you could have
avoided it by not actually bombing a bus
full of kids so whatever it's Israel or
Saturday Arabia or any one of our
so-called allies that kill civilians
they're number one go to movies oh they
were being used as certain shields or
they had it coming but it's not me it's
other side that made me drop a bomb on
them no nobody made you drop a bomb the
Saudis did it on purpose because they
have been vicious in this war so there's
one other part of this story that I want
to address and you know oftentimes when
we talk about terrorism when we talk
about hostility Muslim hostility toward
the United States or the Western world
there is an emphasis on the religion as
opposed to actions foreign policy
actions that we've taken that the
Western world has taken that leads to
those hostilities and people don't like
to talk about this they get
uncomfortable but it's the truth now if
you are a parent and your child was
targeted and killed in a bombing like
that would you feel angry at the country
that sanctioned that bombing that then
turned around and said that that bombing
was legitimate you would right and so
when I see videos like this and to be
fair this is a video from 2012 in regard
to Islamic terrorism okay I get
frustrated because it is a very
short-sighted black-and-white you know
non intellectual way of looking at
things so again this is a video from
Morning Joe in 2012 in regard to radical
Islamic you know terrorism take a look
and you know what they hate us yeah I
talked intelligence people all weekend
they hate us because of their religion
they hate us because of their cold term
they hate us because of peer pressure
then you talk to any intelligence person
they will tell you that's the same thing
and all these people that think we're
going to go over there and
change them and make them hate us less
or just just naive and if he gave every
street vendor from street vendor to
Prime Minister and that region a chance
to throw a rock at the US Embassy they
would so Joe Scarborough famously said
that Muslims hate us because they hate
us I would argue that some of them hate
us because we keep bombing them or
assisting other countries in bombing
them and killing their children and
killing their civilians we have to think
about how actions do have consequences
you can't just kill innocent people
abroad and think that they're not gonna
want to retaliate and I'm not saying
that to justify any type of terrorism
but I'm saying that we need to really
think about what our foreign policy is
how am I not supposed to call that
stupid so which Muslims the Houthis who
are the Shia Muslims who are being
massacred at times by our allies the
Saudis who are also Muslim wait are we
are we in favor of our allies we sell
down weapons they're Muslim okay do the
Houthis hate us because we randomly or
maybe because we sold missiles to Saudi
Arabia that use it to kill their kids
and which ones are we talking about this
year the Sunni perhaps it might depend
on context that the ones that we're
killing might hate us partly because
we're killing them or helping to kill
them and maybe sometimes through other
Muslims sometimes us directly sometimes
other allies like Israel Britain France
etc but to say oh no no I'm not gonna
take any geopolitical considerations
into effect into consideration and I'm
not going to say hey it says I have to
figure out is as soon as a Shia in the
Iraq war by the way this Saudis paid for
the Sunni insurgency that got our troops
killed why cuz they didn't want our
troops near them is it because of that
geopolitical considerations because they
hate us now this guy's against Trump Joe
Scarborough yes but he's just as shallow
and vapid maybe he's not as mentally
unstable and he's not quite as dumb
right but he makes these stupid shallow
arguments about
because they hate us look Jake to be
fair he does have an intelligent
rebuttal to that so let's hear from him
yeah just like you said oh you know they
hate us because of waterboarding no they
don't they hate us because they hate us
they hate us because of Obama's drone
attacks no they don't they hate us
because they hate us they hate us
because somebody burned a Quran no they
don't they hate us because they hate us
they hate us because of this crude film
no they don't they hate us because they
hate us and any u.s. politician that
thinks they're going to go in and
transform the region and stop people
from hating us because they hate us are
absolute fools this incredibly
simplistic argument I got this figured
out guys I got this figured out they
hate us because wait for it they hate us
and he calls other people fools hey look
Anna look the Germans hate us man I mean
how many war wars do we have to do with
them world war one world war two they
hate us cuz they hate us it's to go in
there and try to get them to be our
allies the Germans then Germans we had
to fight two world wars against them
they're never gonna be our allies oops
it turns out if you do the Marshall Plan
where you actually have a smart strategy
where you reach out to people it works
when Joe should we learn from the most
successful foreign policy endeavor in
American history no no I got this no
let's not do Marshall Plan let's not
reach out to anyone let's not have a
smart strategy one that has worked
before
instead Lucas goes they hate us because
they hired us there's nothing we could
do just bomb and discriminately and then
blame it on them yeah I got a job wow
you're so much smarter than Trump and by
the way if you you don't want to you
know build allies and and relationships
with other countries that's one thing
but to think that it's okay to do these
drone strikes that disproportionately
kill civilians I mean to think that's
okay and that it has no consequences
what world are you living in just take a
second to put yourself in the shoes of
someone who lost their child lost their
family members because of this nonsense
you're not gonna be angry about that
okay last thing you know what the
largest Muslim country in the world is
if you're Young Turks audience you're
smart knowledgeable I think 80 percent
of you went to college
according to the numbers I saw that's
amazing so some of you might know but I
suspect that a lot of people don't know
it's the one that I mean they they man
we got non-stop troubles with them you
know who they're Indonesia so why is
Indonesia not doing any bombings of us
why is there no attacks pretty much at
all against America from Indonesia is
the largest Muslim country in the world
all right because we didn't bomb
Indonesia we blow back from the
countries that we continually invade and
bomb and terrorize they hate us because
they hate us now why don't they no need
just hate us that much Oh
total utter fool too easy wasteful Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell
and when you do that on YouTube you're
notified of our videos
you
