things are not going well for Alex Jones
now I will not shed a tear for him
however there has been a case of a page
getting shut down on Facebook that I
want to raise awareness toward because
it is a page that should not be shut
down but first an update on Alex Jones
turns out that the FCC has shut down his
pirate radio station that served as his
flagship outlet for conspiracy content
right yep so you can't do that it's
illegal the FCC has also find the
station's operators $15,000 a fine the
FCC says in its lawsuit that the
operators are refusing to pay so this
lawsuit alleges that Liberty radio
operated on a channel without a license
since at least 2013 the lawsuit names
the defendants as Walter Olynyk and M
rein Adler Olynyk the FCC has tracked
the transmissions to a 50-foot Tower at
an Austin apartment complex owned by an
entity linked to the onyx so what
happened there was obviously unlawful so
they the FCC comes in they shut it down
they filed this lawsuit the people who
have been accused of wrongdoing or
saying that they're not gonna pay the
fine but I mean come on this guy he just
he can't help himself yeah yeah so first
of all it's a pirate radio station
pirates in the name so and I know some
people do that but it's obviously not
legal and so you definitely cannot
complain about this one
they will anyway they'll find a way to
cry about it because they're the victims
always right but they're like oh so we
were running a station illegally without
a license and now that's a crime it kind
of like by definition yeah okay so you
you're getting fined and taken off the
air and I think that's appropriate at
least do anything more than that but
yeah of course they're gonna take you
off there this one's not close at all
and to be fair I haven't seen much
crying about this specific update or
this alright guarantee you go go to any
right-wing website nothing but tears
probably but what I find interesting
about this is the unwilling
of some people to look at these
situations on a case-by-case basis so I
think Alex Jones considering the fact
that he incites violence should be
banned from certain platforms or in the
very least maybe not banned but those
videos inciting violence should be taken
down period done right videos where you
are defaming people or slandering people
calling you know victims of mass
shooting actors and all that that stuff
should be taken down but there are cases
where well-meaning people who are
literally just practicing political
speech are getting shut down on Facebook
and I don't hear any I don't hear
anything about that the media isn't
upset about that I don't see anything on
on CNN about it I don't see anyone
talking about it so I'll give you the
most recent example occupy London got
shut down on Facebook it was taken down
this follows a period of continual
removal of posts related to Palestine oh
my god
yeah so they had been posting content to
raise awareness about what Palestinians
have been dealing with and back in 2016
the intercept
I remember Glenn Greenwald reported
something super fascinating about how
the Israeli government was working with
Facebook to shut certain pages down and
they were referring to these pages as
anti-semitic and I thought that was
fascinating and what do you think they
think is anti-semitic oh let me guess
anything opposed to the right-wing
government of Israel
yeah and so these pages occupy London
being one of them has recently gotten
shut down has recently been shut down
without any real explanation so I'm
gonna give you an example of the content
that was flagged okay let's go to
graphic 30 and you'll see the content
that I'm talking about it was a post
titled a Muslim family in East London
received this threatening letter calling
for anti Muslim attacks disgusting and
according to Facebook they removed that
post it looks like something you posted
doesn't follow our community standards
we remove posts that attack people based
on their race ethnicity national origin
religion affiliate religious affiliation
sexual orientation gender
or disability but the post is about
raising awareness about someone else's
wrongdoing so why would that get flagged
and why do you have to shut the entire
page down again this is the kind of
stuff this is political speech this is
the kind of stuff that should not be
shut down but it gets shut down all the
time and no one says anything about it
well look you know that these
right-wingers are massive massive
hypocrites so they pretend that they
care about free speech when it comes to
a lunatic like Alex Jones even when he
might be violating the terms of the
particular platforms and in some cases
maybe even the law and hence he's being
sued but when it comes to the BDS
movement for example and it comes to
boycotting and doing divestment of
sanctions of Israel and the United
States government their Congress
considers a law to basically prohibit
certain kinds of speech I mean that's a
core freedom of speech issue it's the
government that's doing it it's clearly
unconstitutional by the way bipartisan
okay
Republicans and Democrats they're like
free speech who cares what does Israel
want us to do the Israeli right-wing
says jump how high right ben shapiro
where you at where you add because i
thought you cared about free speech i
know you can't care about free speech
when it ain't free you would get paid on
those college campuses by incredibly
rich republican donors
well how about the the rights of people
who are protesting the israeli
government i'm sure that all those
right-wingers care about that no now
look shapiro and alec shoes are not the
same people at all they don't have the
same viewpoints i'm making a point about
freedom of speech so-called advocates
like him and charlie Kirk who do nothing
nothing when actual speech is attacked
let alone their views on the NFL players
saying any form of speech they they
don't care about that at all all they
care about is protecting their own and
and sometimes their own lunatics okay
but Ana I have good news for Alex Jones
because he figured out where to go I
mean he can't go on Facebook or Google
and now the pirate radio station say you
know yeah I got tape of it
want to go to space please do please do
and you can yell as much as you want and
say whatever you want in space
enjoy Alex what are you gonna find in
space it is an alien force not of this
world okay but look the point that I'm
trying to make here is let's yell scream
shout fight when it comes to people who
actually are being censored you know
wrongfully censored right like I hate
the unknown stray we approach everything
like no we have to allow everything even
if it means it's inciting violence and
it's hurting innocent people we have to
support all of it because we're worried
that it's gonna be a slippery slope no
no you can judge by a case-by-case basis
okay Alex Jones doesn't deserve support
or protecting what he's doing is wrong
but these pages that practice political
speech whether you're pro palestinian
anti palestinian it's political speech
right that should be protected that's
what we should be fighting for that is
what I'm 100% behind protecting but Alex
Jones hell no never that is a completely
different case so slippery slope the
slope already slipped and you missed it
because you didn't care about that
you only cared about this so I think we
should focus on the real fight that's
the fight that's the key I guess that's
the only place you could hear one
YouTube oh that anyway two easy ways
follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
