Arjun Singh said he joins us he is the
author of American hate survivors speak
out Arjun welcome to rebel headquarters
we appreciate you coming on thank you so
much for having me no problem alright
first obvious question what's the book
about
American hate survivors speak out is a
collection of testimonials of people
targeted by hate under the trump
administration there's no question that
hate pre-existed Donald Trump and that
hate will endure after Donald Trump but
it's also a fact that Donald Trump and
this administration has emboldened hate
across this country and so I thought it
was important to travel the country and
meet with survivors in their homes
houses of worship in community centers
and to really document this moment so
I'm sure the mango guys watching if they
are watching are gonna say wait wait I
mean it what do you mean hate that's not
fair we're just making America great
again you guys just don't appreciate it
well here's what community activists
community organizations and survivors
across this country say they say that
hate has spiked in every facet of
American life in the classroom the
university the workplace and public life
there have literally been thousands of
incidents of hate in Donald Trump's
America where the aggressors
specifically mentioned Trump's policies
and Trump okay well that would seem to
be some evidence so but let's talk a
little bit more about evidence and then
I want to get into the stories that are
in your book so have hate crimes risen
since not just Donald Trump's presidency
but his ascent says he or baby descent
when he first came down that escalator
to announce his candidacy sure so let me
answer the question in a couple of ways
the FBI tracks hate crime data every
year and if you look at the latest year
for which they recorded 2016 the data
shows a steady spike in hate crimes
throughout the year and then a huge
spike right after the election so even
the FBI's data shows a spike in hate
crimes the other thing I want to make
sure that all the listeners know is that
even the FBI's data is incomplete
because the FBI data relies on voluntary
reporting by law enforcement not
mandatory which is why according to the
FBI there were something like six
thousand hate crimes in 2016 but if you
look in a survey like the National Crime
Victimization survey there could be I
kid you not as many as 250,000 hate
crimes every year in America so Arjun
what would you consider a hate crime
under that definition so that's a really
good question and in the book I very
intentionally try to capture hate in all
its forms which is why you will find
stories of bullying cyber trolling
assault vandalism and arson of houses of
worship and murder so there is no
question that communities are
experiencing hate crimes and
intensifying hate crimes in this country
but they're also experiencing everyday
acts of hate as well
I'm gonna ask it even though I shouldn't
okay so online the right-wing have a
nickname for me which I'm amused by but
I don't know well you know what others
would think they say they call me fat
brown Buffalo and I'm amused by that
because it's true that I'm overweight
it's true that I'm brown and buffaloes
kind of badass but who would you
consider that an issue a hate crime I
don't know you look everybody's
different I have really really thick
skin so that's why I'm asking so I think
it depends on you and what you feel and
what you're comfortable with here's what
I can tell you is that there are people
across this country who are cyber
trolled incessantly so let me give you
an example
Tanya Gersh is someone who's profiled in
the book she's a Jewish American realtor
and wedding planner who between November
2016 and the son
of 2017 received more than 800 menacing
emails phone calls text messages tweets
and the like threatening her life
publishing her young child social media
information white supremacists
threatened to march on her home whoa
I really think that we need to be guided
by survivors and guided by you know the
folks who are impacted so what why did
they do that to her in particular so her
case is now the basis of a major lawsuit
that's been filed by the Southern
Poverty Law Center against the daily
stormer which is a white supremacist neo
Nazi outfit um I won't get into too much
detail but suffice to say Tonya Gersh
had a conversation with Sheree Spencer
that is Richard Spencer's mother and
encouraged her to sell a commercial
building that she owned in Whitefish
Montana and to donate the proceeds to a
human rights organization and what ended
up happening was Sheree Spencer for
reasons that are unbeknownst to everyone
construed that as extortion published an
essay on medium and Andrew England in
The Daily stormer and white supremacist
across this country used that blog post
as a reason to target Tanya and her
family
did you talk was she one of the stories
you talked to her that's in your book
absolutely I went to Whitefish Montana
and I spent time with Tanya in Whitefish
and with her lawyer from the Southern
Poverty Law Center and how did she deal
with that because that is that's pretty
frightening and she's Jewish in the
middle of Montana with all this hate
raining down on her no disrespect to the
good people of Montana but it's not like
she's you know in Brooklyn or Miami
where there's a lot of people that come
from her background so it can feel
isolating and so was that did that make
it worse at overall but even Montana or
otherwise Jesus that has got to be a
hell of a thing to deal with you know I
encourage everyone to read the book for
all the testimonials and I will say that
is a particularly powerful one and she
talks about how
she came home one day and she saw her
husband with all of their bags packed
saying we need to leave because we are
being targeted and white supremacists
are threatening to march on her home and
when her husband mentioned the daily
stormer she didn't know what the daily
stormer was she had no idea why they
were being trolled but they stuck it out
and they fought they decided to turn a
lawsuit against the daily stormer with
the support of the Southern Poverty Law
Center she also talks about how the
local community really stepped up for
her so she mentioned that there were
local businesses who actually put
stickers in their windows saying love
lives here not hate to show solidarity
with Tanya Gersh and just so folks know
how bench whole an abusive and cruel
these white supremacist can be what they
ended up doing was they actually got on
Yelp and wrote nasty reviews of those
businesses who supported Tanya Gersh
it's actually laughable some of them
mentioned how they were cockroaches at
some of these restaurants even though
cockroaches aren't in Montana because of
the climate
oh well that mean that's two reasons I
want to move to Montana now apparently
they stick up for one another and
there's no cockroaches okay so what
looked at and I know that there are
hopeful strands in the book and that
certainly is hopeful that that's the
America I know in love when neighbors
stand up for one another no matter what
their background so but let me go back
to another disastrous story that's
khaleja bara in in Tulsa Oklahoma what
happened to him and who did you talk to
in relationship to so the Jabbar has
fled Lebanon because of the civil war
and made their home in Tulsa Oklahoma
and they had a good life until a white
supremacist move next door and he really
menaced and terrorized them calling them
things like dirty Arabs dirty Muslims
and Isis the neighbor then ran over -
Jabara this is the mother of the family
in his car in
late 2015 - was hospitalized sustained
very serious injuries the next-door
neighbor was arrested initially he was
not allowed to post bond but because a
new prosecutor was appointed to the case
who didn't know the history of the case
he actually allowed for bond to be
posted and as a consequence the
next-door neighbor who had previously
terrorized the family run over the month
run over the mother was allowed to
return next door to the family he had
terrorized and then months later he
murdered - Joe Burrus son College Jabara
on his front doorstep and I actually met
with Haifa Victoria and Rami Jabara in
the family home just ten feet away from
where Khalid was killed I'd also like to
let everyone know that this past Sunday
was actually the two-year anniversary of
the murder of College ybarra and Tulsa
Oklahoma man that is powerful and I mean
I'd ask you how they dealt with it but
there's no good way to deal with that
did they and they haven't moved they're
still in the same place you know they're
still in the same place and I will never
forget - Jabbar
telling me and saying Arjun I will never
leave this home because this is where
Khalid grew up and I have met I have
memories of him being a little boy in
this house and where you're sitting
right now is where Khalid used to type
on his computer and he will forever be
here but I will tell you they are an
extraordinarily brave family when I
visited I attended the dedication
ceremony of the Collegium our library a
new library in Tulsa Oklahoma
Rami Jabara who's now in Texas is
working to ensure that survivors of
violent crime have protections in place
so that they can't be targeted again in
the way that your family was yeah
Victoria Jabara is working with young
people to ensure that they know the
values of social justice equity and
inclusion powerful powerful story Arjun
Singh set the community activists civil
rights lawyer and law professor the book
is American hate survivors speak out
thank you so much for joining us really
appreciate it thank you so much for
having me and for all your great work
