we've got two new fun guests for you
guys ever borderline great idea maybe
even not borderline maybe just great
it's something that I had hoped it
existed and it turns out it does exist
so and they're in studio Justin Anderson
and Christina Forrester joins us now and
they have started Christina you in
particular started the Christian
Democrats of America okay so welcome
thank you so when I first heard the
Christian Democrats of America it made
me think of Germany
don't they have Christian Democrats some
sort of political party like that yeah
there's a European Christian Democrat
that's why I added of America so there
wasn't confusion yes and plus you gets a
Christian Democrats of America so all
right it's not a political party I so
what is it it's an organization and we
are trying to bring back Christian
values we're trying to show that they're
the religious right is not old a
monopoly on Christian values I'm
especially in the age of Trump they have
no right to to that label of Christian
voters to the Christian vote or
Christian values it almost sounds like
you guys are making Christianity great
again okay I I love this because I do
think it got hijacked you know I guess
Justin let me ask you hi I do know how
it got hijacked I mean because it seems
like the Bible is predominantly about
especially Jesus words are about helping
the needy the poor and others right
somehow it seems like the the if you
listen to the evangelical right-wing
you'd think the only thing the Bible
mention was abortion and gay people
exactly exactly those are the fights
that we do fight um we kind of do
actually know how it happened we
actually on our podcast what would Jesus
pod we talked to some of the people that
helped build the 700 club and actually
hijack the religion and turn it into a
voting bloc so we actually know exactly
how it was done and now we're just
trying to get some help undoing it and
bringing back values and integrity to
that voting bloc and
livering it back to where it should be
how mad were you guys when they took the
title pod save America so but okay let's
talk about that more Christina so where
was their time in this country when
religious people were more across the
spectrum liberal conservative or
evangelicals were more liberal a did
that time exist when was it absolutely
at the turn of the century if you look
at history it was the evangelicals big
revivals and we accompanied with the big
revivals they were preaching a social
gospel and that's really what the gospel
of Jesus Christ keep down to is helping
the least of these and you didn't see a
revival coming to town that they weren't
talking about some kind of social
justice at the same time so this has
been something from the 80s it started
with the Reagan administration the moral
majority and there's a whole history we
go into it quite extensively on our blog
and on podcast and social media it's
been a hijacking and a manipulation of
religion for for the purpose of so the
original Christian leaders and
potentially even Jesus were social
justice warriors absolutely absolutely
Jesus was a progressive he did things
that that men were not doing in his time
he was washing women's feet he was
traveling around he was like yeah he was
you know he was taking the Pharisees to
task there's a lot of things that that
Jesus was a social justice warrior yeah
so he was certainly anti-establishment
no bad so so how did they do it did was
it that they went to evangelical leaders
and they're like uh you want to be
conservative or did they Pam was there a
plan how did it happen
yeah you know it's been a slow there's a
lot of propaganda in the religious right
and we hear we were just talking about
this outside actually we hear it's like
a broken record on social media of well
what about Democrats are against
abortion or are for good for abortion
Democrats want to kill babies do
for you know same-sex marriage there
against God they booed God I mean it's
like this constant stream of propaganda
and we we've seen this for years I
founded the organization in 2006 and I
did it because I saw represented in
politics and in the media there was only
one voice for Christians and that's not
the voice I heard growing up as a
pastor's kid as a worship leader youth
leader I didn't hear that voice the
voice I heard was one of love and
acceptance for all people and fighting
for the least of these and the poor yeah
that's wonderful so is the media
complicit because it seems like the
right-wing evangelicals get an enormous
amount of attention and left-wing
preachers which exist of course
left-wing religious leaders get almost a
complete I don't want to say ban it's I
don't think it's a conspiracy but but
completely washed out like you you never
hear it at all what why do you think
that is yeah we is something that's
frustrated has to no end for the last
decade because any time you see here's
the Christian response it's gonna be
some wacko on the farthest fringe of the
right and now it's gonna be a trump
supporter it's gonna be someone on the
farthest end religious right that
support that's supposed to be speaking
for all Christians and I we've been
asking for years trying to step up to
mainstream media and to print media say
let us have our voice because there are
millions of Christian Democrats and we
cos need our voice and what do they say
no sometimes yeah sometimes a week they
bother justifying the no it's mostly
been kind of a hitting a buck wall it's
just been it's been difficult to but
hopefully that's coming down and
hopefully they see a need for the
representation because we have a whole
segment of our society that is not
represented right now yeah so Justin
look I'm part of things I'm worried
about is that they're using Christianity
to push hate but if I were you and I'm
not I'm not Christian I'm agnostic but
if I were you I'd also be concerned man
that they're perverting the idea of
Christianity and for young people that
don't hate and which is hope luckily the
great overwhelming majority of young
people they're gonna push people away
from Christianity absolutely we find
that a lot people that people reach out
to us that say they've left their church
and they haven't been back in ten years
they couldn't stand what was happening
one lady reached out and said that the
the new the new Christianity the new
Christians basically hijacked her old
church and ostracize people that didn't
believe with them and we I mean we here
we have thousands of these stories
people reach out to us all the time
about this type of stuff I get an email
or a social media post at least daily at
least you usually about 10 a day from
people saying I've lost either family or
my church or I know I'm do you know of a
church I can go to we that's why we
started a safe church directory and we
call it a safe church oh well are
literally afraid especially if they're
LGBTQ you know are they going to be
accepted when they walk into a church or
is it a Trump Church unfortunately yeah
so I want to give the website in case
you guys want to reach out to them if
you're watching christian democrats of
america org and there it is and so
Christina what do you hope to do with
the organization
is it you know do you have members and
and and then what are what are your
activities etc yes we do we have members
nationwide we have a Christians against
hate and Christians resist a movement so
those are both the hashtags Christians
can say Christians resist and within
both those movements where you have a
lot of various activities and go on our
website and go to join the movement
check it out we have a robust Christians
against hate group on Facebook that's
very active and that's really turning
into a resistance movement and beyond
that it's really providing a voice
giving people a community and electing
Democrats that support our values too
are you guys a PAC do you also
contribute to Democrats or no not at
this time we do endorse we do you and we
provide a values voters guide to talk so
that people can talk to their churches
and open up that conversation a little
better with other
say hey I'm voting Democrat and this is
why because of my values I'm voting
Democrat because of my Christian values
right so let me ask both of you look I
think that the the most important thing
by far is what do you emphasize do you
emphasize the love helping the poor or
do you emphasize the divisive issues so
on that that's easy you know you guys
are choosing love and bring people
together and helping the needy and
that's amazing but if when you do get
down to abortion and gay marriage how do
you answer those people when they you
know say oh well you know aren't the
Democrats pro-choice etc I don't know
even know what your views on abortion
and gay marriage are so how do you
answer that
well the bortion it's safe legal and
rare we we have an entire platform on
abortion that anyone can go look at but
really bringing it back to what is
pro-life really mean because a lot of
people that talk about being pro-life
really they're just anti-abortion and
they're not looking at a real solution
to reduce abortions under Democrats
abortions have been lower rates than
with any other presidency Democrat
presidents so yeah I partly ask again
I'm agnostic but I have read parts of
the Bible or a lot of the Bible and I'm
in numbers by the Bible appears to be
pro-abortion it talks about give your
wife a toxic potion and if she
miscarries that means she cheated on you
well a miscarriage because you gave her
a toxic bush that's an abortion so but
but you know everybody's got their own
point of view on it and you're saying at
least under Democrats there's less
abortion right Justin how about the
issue gay marriage well gay marriage is
is it it's an issue that God is about
love and if there's a love between two
people then that love should be
recognized absolutely no matter it
doesn't matter it doesn't say anything
about same-sex relationships any per se
there's one passage I believe in that
Paul wrote that has been mistranslated
basically since he wrote it to say that
it's two men but it's really the the
translation should be man
- younger man hmm right there yeah well
I can all agree yes okay we're out of
time we could do a whole nother
interview talking about how they
hijacked Christianity because that is
amazing how effectively they did but no
hit the hot button they really pay over
yeah all right
well Christian Democrats of America org
is the website and they are literally
doing God's work thank you so much for
seeing it Justin for joining us really
appreciate thank you for setting up the
organization
