and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more the
pennsylvania catholic church just had a
grand jury report released about its six
of its diocese it's a thirteen hundred
page report about three hundred priests
who coordinated efforts to basically
cover up it was much like spotlight the
movie cover up the nefarious deeds that
they did sexual molestation it's
ridiculous one particularly egregious
and almost satirically ridiculous story
emerged charges against father edward
george gas ganster on one occasion he
dragged a boy across the living room
floor pulling him by the underwear
gaster also beat the victim repeatedly
once using a metal cross according to
the report the abuse at the hands of
ganster lasted for over one and a half
years and happened in st. josephs
rectory that was reported in 2002
twenty-three years after it happened our
2005 and then again in 2004 it that went
unreported to the diocese and to the you
know the authorities there was a second
victim in 2005 a third victim in 2015
she's and then he put in for a
recommendation after he quit on his own
accord not because of all of these
allegations and activities but he put
him he wanted to be leia sized and
turned into a non priest after that and
he asked for a recommendation for a job
we're at walt disney world the happiest
place on her to be around kids and did
they give him that recommendation and
they gave him the recommendation
according to the report they said that
they would be had the priest said yes we
would give you a positive report he got
the job he worked there for 18 years oh
my god how do you how could any one
after all of this horrendous horrific
scandal right this pedophilia the sexual
assault the rape of children like how
can anyone still support that church
like that i don't understand and look it
wasn't just the fact that there were so
many priests who engaged in this it was
the fact that the church went to
extremes to cover
to brush it under the rug the fact that
they wouldn't punish these priests they
would actually write the recommendations
for other jobs where they would be
surrounded by other children it's crazy
to me I mean there's the list goes on
and on CNN did a really good job of
actually just putting bullet points
around this one priest in Harrisburg
abused five sisters from the same family
another priest group medical suit middle
school students for sex according to the
grand jury by telling them that Mary had
to bite the cord off and lick Jesus
clean after the Nativity and and there
was another one who do you know forged a
pastor's signature so he could marry a
blaze size himself marry a girl who was
17 that he got pregnant and then
according to the grand jury the priest
was allowed to stay in the ministry by
finding what they said was a benevolent
bishop and that is not what the word
benevolent means it's so terrible now
the grand jury said that since the Pope
Francis Serra like these are old older
accusations and there have been some
changes but they did issue some
suggestions as a result of this grand
jury report including eliminating the
criminal statute of limitations for
sexually abusing children creating a
two-year civil window for child sex
abuse victims who couldn't file lawsuits
before and now that this is all coming
to light clarifying the penalties for a
continuing failure to report child abuse
and then prohibiting non-disclosure
agreements regarding cooperation with
law enforcement but like you see this
kind of stuff yeah I mean it's it's
incredible these are religious people
who believe that reproductive rights
means murder right they consider
themselves pro-life but then remain
complacent when children are being
abused in their own churches they're
supposed to be the moral guidance for
people
yeah and they act utterly immoral e.a
morally and they owe and they take
advantage of their position in ways that
you know they're telling other people
they'll go to hell for things that are
much lesser than what they're doing to
kids yeah look we we have criticism for
mainstream media we we talk about it
often on the show but there are good
things that come out of investigative
reporting in the mainstream and
the you know the revealing story of what
happened in the Catholic Church is one
of those stories two easy ways follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
