and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more
Elizabeth Warren has proposed new
legislation to prove that she wants to
go after some of the corporate greed
that we're experiencing here in the
United States now this legislation is
specific it's very bold and based on how
things are going in Congress and with
the executive branch it's unlikely to
pass in any way shape or form however if
the midterm elections go the way that
we're hoping they go there is a
possibility so let me give you the
details of her legislation it's the
accountability capitalism Act that would
redistribute trillions of dollars from
rich executives and shareholders to the
middle class without costing a dime so
this is not a tax increase proposal
although I'm sure that's something that
she's gonna push for as well it's a
little different so Warren's plan starts
from the premise that corporations that
claim the legal rights of personhood
should be legally required to accept the
moral obligations of personhood right
corporations are people my friend
according to MIT Romney so if they are
people then they have certain
responsibilities and obligations that's
what Elizabeth Warren is arguing she
writes that traditionally corporations
sought to succeed in the marketplace but
they also recognize their obligations to
employees customers in the community in
recent decades they stopped in favor of
a singular devotion to enriching
shareholders and that's what Warren
wants to change so how does she propose
to change it she wants to curb
corporations political activities and
for the biggest corporations she's
proposing a dramatic step that would
ensure workers and not just shareholders
get a voice on big strategic decisions
so Warren wants to create something
known as the office of United States
corporations and this would exist inside
the Department of Commerce and it would
require any corporation with revenue
over 1 billion dollars to obtain a
federal charter of corporate citizenship
right you're a person got you got to
have that corporate citizenship the
Charter tells company directors to
consider the interests of
all relevant stakeholders and
shareholders but also customers
employees and the communities in which
the company operates when making
decisions so in order to achieve that
obviously you gotta like bacon those
communities into the business model
right and so how do you bake that all in
more concretely the United States
corporations would be required to allow
their workers to elect 40 percent of the
membership of their board of directors
so in this case the workers would have
much more of a say they would have more
power in the decision-making of these
corporations but also limit corporate
executives ability to sell shares of
stock okay this is my favorite part my
favorite part guys so let's go back to
that graphic it's important so it would
ability to share shares of stock that
they receive as pay requiring that such
shares be held for at least five years
after they were received and at least
three years after a share buyback okay
do you understand what's happening here
you're gonna try to prevent the run-up
what's happening right now because of
the Trump era tax cuts is these
corporations are not reinvesting in
their companies they're not increasing
employee pay couple of these
corporations gave a one-time bonus right
just to like hide the fact that they're
not really planning on sharing their
wealth with their workers what they
really did is they went ahead and bought
their stock right stock buybacks and
that artificially inflated the price of
these shares that's what happened with
Apple they repaid traded all that money
that's coming back from overseas two
hundred eighty five billion dollars and
they just put it all in a stock buybacks
and that's when you get the headlines
Apple record value exactly and so what
do they do after the the stock value
goes up they cash out right so people
who think it's a good thing because
401ks increase in value or whatever no
no it's very temporary because as soon
as the value goes up the executives cash
out finally the other proposals to
require corporate political activity to
be authorized specifically by both 75
percent of shareholders and 75 percent
of board members many of whom would be
worker representatives
under the full bill yes they're trying
to then limit this political activity
because it's really in addition to stock
buybacks
there are politician buybacks and they
use a lot of this money to continue to
buy off those politicians it's a corrupt
system we know it and I love the fact
that Elizabeth Warren is working on the
Supreme Court decision to consider
corporations people right as a result
they are theirs corporate citizenry that
is responsible as a person in other ways
besides just being able to wash out our
political system with money so there's
it's a terrific twist as you say Anna it
may go it will go nowhere
given the current configuration of the
Congress but it's out there and I like
it it's on the board and as you also
have mentioned as Congress perhaps
changes in character politically maybe
something happens out they have to
answer to this now so there was there's
always these things that we allow our
corporations to do based off of our
worship and culture of them so they're
rich man what do you want to do everyone
deserves the right to be rich why are
you hating on the rich don't you want to
be rich too that pacifier actually shuts
down everyone else that thinks hey why
am I getting everything stolen for me to
give to you the reverse is always the
thought process hey how dare these
corporations have to give something to
you that you earned by the way and the
government to give to you what you earn
it's not a giveaway we all pay into it
number one and the other part says I was
are giving away so the narrative has to
change and maybe it is the beginning of
it but with the general politicians have
dug in so deep with supporting
corporations to this point the genius
part of this she's using some of those
terms like he said there the the
citizenry being at your if you're a
person hood if you're part of the
personhood of a country you have to act
like it then right so that's something
that you weren't with already so now you
have to use that against them and also
how are we gonna pay for all this
oh we're gonna pick out it doesn't cost
us anything yes it's it's it's disarming
both of those empty threats all the time
in the first place anyway so what else
can you do as you said it's not gonna go
through necessarily mark but at least we
can make people who aren't gonna be for
it
answer to it and beyond reg right that's
a great great point that let's start to
hold the GOP
those and by the way we say the GOP also
the Democrats Democrats are very much in
the pocket of of corporate America we
were no fans of the Obama administration
on Wall Street and all the rest so we're
just not flag wavers for for the left as
personified by the Democrats room
they're not even so left on so many
issues but having said that I do think
that this could make people account for
where they stand on these corporate
issues make them stand up and vote on it
absolutely and and what I love about
Warren is that she has been so
consistent on economic policies and
really holding corporate america's feet
to the fire one of my favorite videos
features her questioning Mick Mulvaney
and his views on the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau we gave you a little
taste of that video on yesterday's show
but if you have time please take a look
at the full context of that conversation
that back and forth because she's a
fighter when it comes to corporate
America and that is a ballsy thing to do
considering how powerful corporations
are in this whole political discourse
right she risks a lot and she's a
fighter who knows her stuff she knows
the X's and O's of the economy so well
that she can go toe to toe to defend the
Consumer Protection Bureau she and as a
consumer advocate she really knows that
territory so I think she comes at it you
know armed with not only a sense of the
fight but a sense of the fact that's the
last part of that has to be the
transition is the layman's terms of
these things cuz they already have the
you know the elitist and and they're
talking about their financial
institutions and how they're gonna do
this but so well she's puts in all these
terms
most folks can instead how it works so
then they'll look and go oh well it's
too off you understand I'll go with the
dumb version that they tell me what's
happening we're having mean knowing
what's happening this is pretty
straightforward
ya know most people can understand how
this works and I think I don't know
she's speaking almost financer terms I
don't have any money I don't need equity
anything what does all this mean move on
I'll just listen to what they tell me is
happening with my money and with my life
and to get a populist wave to get a
popular support for anything you do need
to explain it in ways that the that
people can understand I mean
I think generates a very important point
here which is you know they sell is hey
it's a middle it's a middle class tax
cuts a middle class task of you hear
that over and over and over again and
then the people just blindly repeat and
parrot what they hear it's a
middle-class tax cut when it's actually
a corporate tax cut for the over rich in
America this is a could get popular
support because it's a it's a corporate
responsibility bill it's a its corporate
personhood just like their people in
this one way we've already seen the
Supreme Court decision on this they now
are people in another way with corporate
responsibility I think it's very easy to
understand and to develop popular
support behind two easy ways Folio
interests want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
