and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more you ever
wonder what it's like to be in the life
of a Nazi like what is their daily life
like well now you can experience it too
through the wonder of a video that's
gone viral so this is Patrick little
who's a neo-nazi from California ran for
Senate by the way didn't win but there
was a Nazi who ran for Senate and you
didn't even know about it
and then Jason Kessler the guy we talked
about previously who orchestrated the
unite the right rally number two we join
our friends in the middle of a generic
discussion that the Nazis have about
Jews and weird things and you'll hear a
voice in the back of Jared Kessler's
Jason Katz Kessler's a little video
monitor and take ok listen big Orthodox
crosses on their chest is dr. duplex to
point out is Jewish the breaking houses
are in Israel you get a drunk roommate
there
somebody who supports worth dockside
Israeli like these work we're gonna
cross hairs on that stuff I don't agree
with clean your room I'm gonna assume
that's a parent there I'm not sure
Jason why he's sitting with you're not
staying with the northen oxq are you
no it's my father he what the basically
the deal is my family watches American
History Channel no no in its constant
anti-german propaganda the Nazis of the
truths like and the dude I'm not stuck
in a situation where I have to stay with
my family because I'm paying for all
these lawsuits and I can of work to do
that without staying with my family but
they have their cut dad dad leave me
alone I'm trying to hate to choose it
here you always make me stop hating the
Jews
I need my room you turn into a knitting
room football oh god oh my god that was
amazing that was amazing that was
amazing I don't even know what else to
say about it his dad is awesome
don't put my room why is he in his room
right like mom's room that's what it is
like you know they've been cut because
like they keep hearing about all the
Nazis were bad and stuff that's history
do you know what you just said you said
your dad learns about the past watch
your shows about the past learns from it
and then realizing that you shouldn't be
hating the Jews like you are he decided
after watch it or two Nazis were bad
like listen every a lot of people like
dad I want to be like you but like they
don't take it to like so dad likes the
Jew so I'm gonna hate the Jews that was
so incredible that guy thinks he's
superior to minorities no
god there's no there's more to this they
talk more about the effect that this
kind of intense scrutiny there under has
had on their lives life is been pretty
expensive the last few months I still
maintain an apartment and this boat in
case of eviction and I trust slow-mo to
figure out a way to get me evicted but
if I get in a situation where I can't
have an apartment like you're in I've
got this bad boy now I've been sorting
out this is my baby there's a in the
fact there is a king-size bed in the
front there is a double behind that
behind door number and this table comes
down and becomes a king-size bed I'm
sorry yeah that's when I 20 bit and I
will be renting it out and stuff to try
and cover expenses or also have to sell
it at a youth loss fund my company give
me some revenue I know slo-moes gonna
evict me in the meantime I have an
apartment and a boat she loves playing
the long game on you is what it sounds
like like Oh times are tough for you
you've got a boat with three beds in it
oh poor kid my god Oh which Oh
oh my god so good so bad it's so good
though it's so good it's so good I just
don't understand how you can be sitting
in your boat on the Seas which yes is
the widest thing you can do is have like
have a sailing vessel and we're
complaining about how financially hard
you know I know I know but that's how
they convince people to donate to their
cause or whatever it is but those are
the gut like but look beta-tested the
reason why that's the master is because
these are the guys who go around
accusing other men of being beta right
they're accusing other men of being
betas they're accusing other men like
you're living at home with your parents
and by the way I don't think that it
that's there's a ton of Millennials who
have to do that ton of young people have
to do that because a student loan debt
and all that you're doing it because
you're a loser because you you know
failed at this ridiculous
nationalist Nazi movement I'm gonna sued
I'm getting sued because I organized
this event where someone got run over by
a car and died
yeah you're getting sued because you're
a piece of crap so enjoy your parents
home and I hope your dad keeps yelling
at you you little loser
betta cook two easy ways for Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
