and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more there
was another unite though the white rally
no the unite the right rally number two
it went on a few days ago to commemorate
the first anniversary of the original
unite their way right I can't say it
though a bunch of white people got
together and it was terrible the first
time and it was sucky the second time in
a completely different way no one was
there so this is Jason what is his name
yeah so he put together there he went
and had this huge initiative to block
off all the space that he needed and
they called in the police and everyone
to get ready turned out there were more
counter protesters than there were
actual white supremacists there and the
thing people are talking about today is
how much it cost so according to the
Washingtonians Aysen kessler sparsely
attended unite the right to rally cost
the city 2.6 million dollars accounting
for road closures cleanup and the
thousand-plus law enforcement officers
who were on hand to keep the peace over
the weekend now to give you an idea of
how many people showed up there was a
person named Luke Barnes who was there
and tweeted out a photo of it that some
people saw and here's what that looked
like no one it's like barely visible the
sum total of Jason Kessler's manpower
they say that there were just a couple
dozen people there and so if you do the
math on how much that cost per person if
you're the most generous you can be in
terms of overestimating how many people
from the white supremacist groups
actually showed up the district's spent
nearly 87 thousand dollars per attendee
in comparison Washington DC spent an
average of thirty four point five
thousand dollars per homeless person in
the entire year of 2017 versus the day
that they spent doing the unite the
right way rally so free speech is not
free quite literally in this case and
look it's infuriating when you look at
public schools and how underfunded they
are when you look at health
and how underfunded that is and and then
you look at something like this and see
2.6 million dollars getting spent on
white nationalist right it's it is
infuriating
but with that said they have a
constitutional right to do the rally and
you've got to spend the money to make
sure that violence doesn't break out
that you have authorities there to
protect people to keep protesters and
counter protesters separated so things
don't break out in violence so even
though it is infuriating that resources
go to something like this I do believe
in free speech and protecting our
constitutional right to to protest and
just because I don't like what they're
protesting doesn't mean that I'm going
to prevent it from happening or ban it
from happening with that said I love the
fact that the counter protesters
outnumbered
you know these white nationalists it's
fantastic yes
and I think I think what this shows more
than anything is that you know we do
have Americans who are willing to come
together and fight against hatred but
more importantly the people who showed
up last year but did not want to show up
this year I think they were afraid I
think they were afraid because there
were consequences for them I mean first
of all someone got murdered yeah and you
were associated with a group of people
who took part in that right and then
more importantly like you have your
dorky picture all over the internet
holding a tiki torch and talking about
you know yeah how much you hate Jewish
people and everyone else like it's it's
embarrassing I would be incredibly
embarrassed if I was in any of those
photos too easy wasteful Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
