you're about to watch what we call an
extended clip of The Young Turks and the
realities is somewhere in the middle
it's a little longer than our YouTube
clips but it's actually shorter than the
whole two-hour show which you can get if
you're a member you can get an ad-free
and make sure you catch every news story
we do that day you're gonna love it as a
full show that's a TYT Network comm
slash join
hi everybody welcome to The Young Turks
I'm ana kasparian Jake is not here but
he will be here later for rebel
headquarters and the post game in the
meantime we have incredible people on
this panel jr jackson marc thompson
what up what's up what up kids this is
great Jr's - left in America mug
I made a protectin to save America oh
wow America needs some savings one at a
time yeah you came to the right place
all right in the second hour brett
erlich will be joining in and he will be
leading the show which I'm looking
forward to and we have a breaking news
story which we will get to in the second
segment of this hour Elizabeth Warren
has proposed some legislation that I
absolutely love I have a feeling that
you'll love it as well and we'll give
you the details on that when we come
back from our first break but with that
said I do want to give you some other
announcements first off let's keep it
real we have an Android app we started
off with an iOS app and then you good
people responded with what's up with an
Android app and so we delivered on that
and I'm really happy we did because look
I don't like Tooting the TYT horn okay
in fact I've been pretty critical if TYT
with Jenkins on the air announcing
things and bragging about things I love
the TYT app I actually used the TYT app
all the time I listened to the damage
report
I watched no filter just to make sure
you know quality control
make sure it's looking good right here
yeah mr. mr. Samsung which I am it's
awesome
it's been a while I was actually really
jealous when everyone had it at first on
their of their iPhones probably needed
15 to 20 updates every five minutes so
from those folks I'm glad you enjoyed it
now I get to have mine at least my phone
won't break after six months or need a
night you're the worst oh you're
actually right about the nonstop
software updates for Apple products okay
how'd the app just one last thing Anna
before you begin I also have the
soundboard the TYT sound board official
I don't know if that's an official thing
or not but I love it so I have both the
two IT app and the on board yeah you
guys should totally check it out and
then if you are interested it interested
in checking it out go to T y-t-dot-com
slash app
peepee and you'll get more information
on that also if you have access to
iTunes please download my show not no
filter we put a lot of work behind it
and I I want the show to perform well to
reflect the hard work so please if you
do have access to iTunes check it out it
is for free the audio version is for
free
and the name of the show is hashtag no
filter with Anna Caspar I just would add
I have a podcast that I put almost no
work into but it's still like people
check it out is it are you our network
are you into not yeah Jack mentioned he
wanted to carry it but so I'm still
waiting so until then it's edge - show
calm they're all shaking their heads
it'll never happen on the review on the
network alright well whatever it's
called the edge with Mark Thompson you
can just Google search it and last plug
I don't have one let's get to the news
of the day the Trump administration has
officially revoked the security
clearance of John Brennan he is the
former CIA director and this appears to
be a retaliatory move by the Trump
administration Sarah Huckabee Sanders
explained why during a press conference
let's hear from her I'd like to begin by
reading a statement from the president
as the head of the executive branch and
commander-in-chief I have a unique
constitutional responsibility to protect
the nation's classified information
including by controlling access to it
today in fulfilling that responsibility
I've decided to revoke the security
clearance of John Brennan former
director of the Central Intelligence
Agency as part of this review I'm
evaluating action with respect to the
following individuals James clapper
James Comey Michael Hayden Sally Yates
Susan Rice Andrew McCabe Peter struck
Lisa Paige and Bruce or so Sarah
Huckabee Sanders also mentioned as you
can see from that statement a number of
people who the Trump administration will
consider revoking security clearance for
now some might wonder well why do these
people need security clearance if
they're no longer serving
the roles that they were previously and
for instance CIA director John Brennan
clearly isn't the CIA director anymore
well sometimes what happens is there
might be some sort of investigation some
sort of issue that the CIA would want a
former directors expertise on so that's
one example of why that person would
maintain security clearance another
example would be you know doing work as
a consultant because you have extensive
knowledge as a former director of the
CIA for instance so there are uses for
having security clearance even if
they're not serving in the CIA or some
other intelligence organization but look
the heart of this matter is not national
security we all know that what this is
all about is retaliating against people
that Donald Trump does not like and
Trump mentioned Brennan's erratic
behavior really Brennan's the one with
the erratic behavior like that's a
little ridiculous there's no authority
and erratic behavior like Donald Trump I
mean come on and and so Brennan has been
on the record very critical of Trump
Trump does not like that Trump also
doesn't like the Russia investigation or
what anyone any official person would
have to say about supporting the Russia
investigation so it is retaliation and
it's pretty obvious it is retaliation
and things that's what people already
know but you have to deny the mob but so
there's a way that they always play both
sides so along with their statements
there was also fort where she said
someone asked her she goes including
John Byrne and there these people were
chosen not because they were critics of
the president but also in the statement
she went on to say that uh his clearance
was revoked because he's among a group
of formal officials who have quote
transitioned into highly partisan people
which one is it is it that they weren't
chosen because they were critics that a
president or it's because they've become
highly partisan people oh maybe they're
too partisan because they're too
deferential to the president
maybe they're too Republican and
conservative cuz he not Donald Trump
works he does not like ass kissers so
when somebody is on his side constantly
it's like you know what I need to revoke
your clearance cuz you've just come away
too partisan ya know it's a great point
that those two things are at odds with
each other because obviously he's not
getting rid of these people because
they're too partisan on behalf of the
President
they're too partisan in criticism of
many of the president's policies so of
course you know this is the evolution of
this executive branch we saw it under
Richard Nixon when the enemies list of
Richard Nixon was discovered in this
case there's an enemies list in plain
sight I mean this president goes after
these people at security clearances in
on one day its headlines and tweets on
another day for example Jeff Bezos who
he became angry with because of
Washington Post investigations and
Washington Post stories that he felt
were highly critical toward his
administration he goes after Jeff Bezos
by name and Amazon talking about them
getting a break so this is all
consistent with what is a politicization
of the White House I mean it's obviously
a political post but the executive
branch going after for political
purposes US citizens is an extraordinary
thing right and and you have to consider
this in the context of what's been going
on with the executive branch throughout
Trump's stint as president he has
solidified executive power he has done
things unilaterally he has pushed for
ways to do additional things
unilaterally one of the stories that we
reported on last week was how the Trump
administration is attempting to pass
more policy unilaterally that would give
additional tax cuts to big banks and so
they don't want to do that through
Congress and that completely circumvents
the checks and balances that we have
written in our Constitution it is part
and parcel of what this country is
supposed to be about checks and balances
so look I'm not maybe it's wrong to say
this but John Brennan losing his
security clearance like I I care but
it's not the end of the world he's gonna
be alright but I do think this is a big
deal in the grand scheme of things when
you take this action into the context of
power in the executive warning shot it's
again they're not cross me or else I
will punish it that part of the
punishment is as you mentioned there was
ways there's reasons that 1.3 million
people by the way had these security
clearances so these five or 60 is
considered along with the three or four
days already rejected
I'm not sure exactly how much of a dent
that is on people who have these
security clearances but it's obvious
that this is just a punishable thing one
of the reasons that they have it again
that you mentioned was to have other
jobs so now it's gonna be harder for you
to get a job in your field because you
don't have the access to the information
that you need to have to give the
appropriate amount of advice or
consultation whatever it is you need to
do
so it's punishing you professionally for
having a point of view or at least
voicing it to the American people is
this that First Amendment thing it's
such a great point
I mean Brendon is on the record
criticizing Trump multiple occasions he
criticized Trump yesterday after Trump
had tweeted about Omarosa being a dog
right and we have that tweet for you
let's go to graphic 15 it's astounding
how often you fail to live up to a
minimum standard of decency and civility
so he goes on seems like you never
understand what it means to be president
nor would it takes to be a good decent
and honest person so he this is
retaliation for criticizing the
president this is this is what big
government is right this is a someone
who's outspoken outspoken against the
executive but this isn't an executive
abuse of power and Ana's right to point
to the global nature that is the greater
nature of this leave aside the Brennan
thing this executive is designating
certain institutions the press for
example and certain members of the
corporate community I gave you the
example of Jeff Bezos but it goes way
beyond that
for retaliation and he is angered enough
to actually try to create certain
systems within the executive branch for
him to retaliate
that's what's so troubling about this
because he does have a lot of power and
he is able to create these additional
institutions within the executive branch
so and and last point Ana talks about
the increased tax cuts which might come
through the executive branch without
Congress think about this this Congress
pretty much rubber-stamps what this guy
wants mean they become sort of this
cultish group that supports almost
whatever he asks for I guess short of
the wall funding so far but having said
that you can't even agree to let them
how
the last vote on whatever additional tax
cuts you want I mean it must really be a
tough task if you can't even trust it to
this Congress so I think it's also a
part of that trying to increase
executive power under his presidency and
conservatives claimed that they were
concerned about that under the Obama
administration but of course that was
all you know fake concern because as
soon as they have someone like Trump
it's solidifying executive power
increasing executive power you know more
way more than Obama ever did they don't
say anything about it and I want to give
credit to rich Lowry who's an editor at
National Review he's a conservative we
disagree on a lot of things but he is
one of the few principled conservatives
that I've seen out there who actually
does voice his concern about executive
power and what the Trump administration
is doing that is not an easy thing to do
in today's climate because in today's
climate if you have the audacity to
speak out against Trump is a
conservative they come after you and
he's what they do the Brenin I mean
exactly it there's a sort of executive
branch trolling that's going on that's
just insane I mean it is a different
environment as you say Anna I mean it
really takes guts to step out at all
especially if you're on the GOP side
exactly all right let's move on to some
other news actually some excellent
reporting by TYT investigates following
a number of mass school shootings in the
United States lawmakers failed to pass
any gun legislation including reasonable
background checks and things that most
gun owners actually want but the
Department of Homeland Security is now
spending taxpayer money in training
programs for children on campuses
they're known as mass casualty events
and they're doing drills for these
events and TYT investigates pored
through documents to give us the details
on this so according to Ken clip and
Steen's reporting here he writes that
the DHS has issued a 1.8 million dollar
grant in order to create a program
providing quote life-saving trauma
training to high school-age students for
mass casualty events so what would they
learn during these trainings well
the training program called school-age
trauma training seeks to provide the
knowledge necessary to stabilize the
injured and control severe bleeding
until first responders arrived on scene
so someone gets shot student gets shot
teacher gets shot the students would be
trained on what to do in order to care
for that person until first responders
arrived so if there's a mess if there's
an active shooter on campus there's
chaos and people understandably want to
run from this threat it's what what do
they expect the students to do if
there's an active shooter to stop and
help someone who's just been shot and to
try to prevent them from bleeding out
living in a cartoon river living in a
movie where jean-claude van damme so I
couldn't think of anyone else citizen oh
not hard to kill but there was the other
guy doesn't matter all of them no you
know the one who's not rushing here
alright now here's the break people's
legs backwards in all his movies um
anyway so you waiting for a hero to show
up that's gonna stand in when bullets
are flying by his head because every bad
guy misses and it shoots right by his
head and then some sixteen-year-old kid
in his chemistry class is gonna take a
tourniquet and uh cuz he's learned all
these techniques with this 1.8 million
dollar grant which then I'll run out and
they'll ask for more money from someone
else to privately handle this
and he's gonna stick his hand in an open
wound maybe in someone's face neck torso
leg I don't know maybe blood is shooting
everywhere their friend is dying
probably their teacher maybe someone
else who's around in the area maybe
themselves because you know we stay calm
when traumas happening because children
have been taught through this you know
EMTs are trained to do stuff like this
and they're professionals they're adults
and that's what they chose to do and
they're getting paid to do but now kids
right in the middle of learning about
the periodic table then move on to this
training when someone comes in and
busting because that's the mindset we
have in this front you know cause I
think that's normal I know I'm well I
think there are a lot of clear-headed
Americans who don't think this is normal
I think there are a lot of Americans who
see that rather than passing just common
sense gun
translation the bright no one's talking
about banning guns maybe some people are
but overall you know the arguments that
I'm hearing from pro-gun control
advocates is hey why don't we do
something to lessen the damage right
people should have access to guns but do
they need access to high-capacity
magazines do they need access to certain
types of weapons shouldn't we do certain
types of background checks mental
healthcare checks things like that to
ensure that the people who have the guns
or who are purchasing the guns should
have the ability to do so
but anyway instead of doing that all of
the onus seems to be on potential
victims right all of the checks all of
the security all of the you know
inconveniences falls on to potential
victims so oh maybe we need to have
metal detectors in schools maybe we need
to have people take their shoes off
before they enter the school that
teachers arming teachers so again all of
the onus tends to fall on the victims
potential victims I should say and so I
don't I don't understand why it needs to
be this way why can't we have lawmakers
who pass common-sense gun legislation
why well also and and look this is
something that was back I'm talking
about background checks and even some
checks on assault weapons I'll call them
and I know that sure isn't a real gun
bill ago well there are a lot of assault
weapons there all right okay you're I'm
talking the ones go through that there's
a I'm talking about those the limits on
those and the limit and background
checks were supported by a constituency
that was the NRA that was that the gun
owners in other words it's this is not
such an outrageous idea but gradually
they become more dug in on positions
that are even against that so this is a
very tough spot and of course as jr.
says this is a waste of time I mean fire
drills and showing people how to exit in
an emergency these kids can handle that
and they can also that and they should
learn that but the idea somehow that
they're supposed to triage a bunch of
fifth graders some of whom have been
shot but first of all you can do a lot
of damage if you do the wrong thing and
secondly it's a it's a waste of time
money and then to Anna's point it does
nothing to address the overall problem
amazing so okay so other part of it the
1.8 name is Vince gonna go on and run
out they're gonna need more this is the
stalling phase what happened are arming
the teachers maybe I have me keeping
track of it very closely
but this widespread call to armed
teachers and provide them with guns when
they don't have supplies to allow them
to be able to shoot whichever students
or former students they once taught in
the face when they come in with a rifle
shooting at them through doors into
walls first thought they have to have
that so that I'm not sure that policy or
that thought process has run out yet or
if we've been delayed long enough to say
oh yeah I feel better now
it's been several months since those
kids got murdered at that last one that
I heard about not about the one happened
last week by the way but last one that I
heard about I feel better now
oh and I heard we're arming teachers ok
moving on now the 1.8 million dollars is
somehow supposed to pacify us long
enough to go oh well the kids are
learning how to put tourniquets on and
and put pressure health education and
driver's education or part of the things
that this that this policy said it's
gonna compare it to so mike is gonna
turn 16 he's looking forward to driving
i'll give you a new little honda oh and
at the same time do your driver
education hey Johnny did you learn how
to stop severe bleeding yet in a
traumatic situation today we got to get
on that because this is the country we
live in
well you know the teachers having rifles
or any kind of defensive weaponry has
been rejected by most school districts I
think in most states are certainly men
so people when you really get down to it
understand that more guns in this
situation isn't really the solution hey
look at vice-president fences of pep
rally that he had a few months ago where
there were no weapons allowed here are
you speaking he took gun owners right
these are supposed to be the the safest
people to have guns on earth and he
didn't want a gun in the place
not one gun I mean but it isn't it true
of every major political issue
politicians will build their moats
around their person right because they
want to insulate themselves from the
damage that they're doing to everyone
else because they want to be completely
protected while Americans you know do
with the bloodshed deal with everything
that's been going on and again look if
you love your guns if you you'd like to
shoot for your hobby if you go hunting
look I get it I get it okay I personally
don't enjoy shooting guns but that
doesn't matter if you are a law abiding
citizen law abiding citizen you should
have access to guns the question is what
are we gonna do to rein in what's been
going on this like complete lack of
regulation we need to do something about
it by the way I want to give you a few
more details about what these das
documents say because some of this is
insane so let's go to graphic for the
training we'll also include information
on how to use one's hands to apply
pressure to a wound when nothing else is
immediately available but here's the
part that really stood out to me one
passage notes trainees are expected to
quote act quickly and decisively in the
face of disasters thereby preventing
death and injuries minimizing loss of
property now in the article two IT
investigates added emphasis to that and
allowing for more rapid and efficient
recovery okay so the property part I
mean Wow okay nice to see what your
priorities are I don't know the degree
to which people directly and and
personally have to deal with this stuff
but after this happened this is the
letter I got from my kids school in
district they talked about I'm sure a
couple of aspects of it please have an
age-appropriate conversation at home
with your child or children about
appropriate reactions to an active
shooter situation my child is six years
old so let's have a conversation about
the appropriate actions to have someone
bust into your class how is that going
to get there um and then what you should
do in those moments I had to have
conversation with my kid about what
happens at the PTA things or the events
that happen around school when visitors
come on campus and decide to tell them
hey we're gonna have this thing or
there's like a pie in the face event and
he was worried about it cuz II don't
like pies in the face that's the
conversation you have with kids that
takes you up you're like hey there's no
clowns gonna be there man I promise
that's the normal conversation you have
with kids but instead you have a
conversation about if someone walks in
with a gun and what you might have to do
in that situation also
I'm always at the assembly because we're
in California a lot of these schools the
other assembly outside because we were
able to do it year round and there's
perimeters to the school and the
principal said in a masked way does
anybody if there's any parents that are
here regularly
they were here early enough to watch
entrances and exits to the school
grounds let me know come to the office
and volunteer and it was masked but
everyone knew what she was saying she is
and we're like oh I'll volunteer to be
the first line before my children get
killed if someone decides to break into
school before after before school during
the assembly because that's when
everybody is together this is the stuff
that that every school no matter what
they've been through or have to prepare
to be through have to consider so my
first thought is yeah I'd like to watch
because I watch people here where I go
anyway that's like I'll be the first
line so I'm volunteering to be this
first line of basically a soldier battle
just to save my child and maybe others
so like we're ready to give up our lives
because we're unwilling to do anything
about the actual problem with it because
the government refuses to do the one
thing that the government is supposed to
do and it's to protect it so when the
kids start seeing it adult standing at
the edges of the school with the arms
crossed they go what's going on yeah
yeah this is an elementary school that's
what I mean
you know I love that you started with
the story about your son worrying about
the party where you might get a pie in
the face and you end up with this very
real gritty situation this is an
elementary school we shouldn't be
dealing with this kind of thing we got
to take a break but when we come back
the story I promised Elizabeth Warren's
bold proposal to rein in some of the
corrupt behaviors of corporations in the
u.s. stick around we will be right back
thanks for listening to this podcast
you're only halfway through so hold hold
stay right here I just want to remind
you if you want to get all five segments
of the young turks commercial free these
are just two of them every day we do it
so go to TYT Network comm slash join and
you get the whole five segments two
hours ad free do it now
welcome back to TYT all right I have a
lot to get to so I'm gonna get right to
it
a few TYT lives for you the letter hack
says I'm watching the live show while
literally passing kidney stones that
might be TMI but this is proof that I
never missed the Young Turks Payne is
now gonna be associated with this show
and some subconscious level it may work
against this all right
eclectic writes someone who definitely
deserves their security clearance
revoked as Donald Trump how sad is that
well that's so sad there's even talking
the administration that there's certain
things that they keep from Trump for
just that reason because he is not look
he in his first week in office I think
he let something fly about an Israeli
so there there's some truth to that
absolutely the rest of the tweet says
but I'm not sure it would make any
difference it's not like he ever reads
anything anyway unless it's on Twitter
or is one page long filled with lots of
pretty pictures again
yeah hashtag truth yes alright and then
I want to thank our members member
shoutouts for the day our one Oscar
Hernandez and Krystal Hester thank you
so much for being members thank you for
supporting our show and keeping us
honest I love it and and by the way Jake
will be here for the postgame and he
specifically called me to tell you guys
that he wants to right his wrongs on the
postgame Wow yeah he has some
confessions to me that must be a long
postgame what did you do he's like
you'll see like okay I'll let them know
and then finally it's back to school all
the cool kids want cool threads and in
order to wear the cool threads you need
to buy cool threads you can do that at
shop TYT in fact we have a
back-to-school sale 20% off select items
just go to shop TYT dot-com and you can
get all those cool funky shirts
long-sleeve tee up there upper right
that is a cool tee yeah someone wants to
get me one off of the shop - you are
t-dot-com for my birthday coming up whoa
alright it's not coming up for a while
but still the point is it is coming up
pass along your Amazon wishlist will be
on okay all right now to the story that
I promised breaking news story on
Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Warren has
proposed new legislation to prove that
she wants to go after some of the
corporate greed that we're experiencing
here in the United States now this
legislation is specific it's very bold
and based on how things are going in
Congress and with the executive branch
it's unlikely to pass in any way shape
or form however if the midterm elections
go the way that we're hoping they go
there is a possibility so let me give
you the details of her legislation it's
the accountability capitalism act that
would redistribute trillions of dollars
from rich executives and shareholders to
the middle class without costing a dime
so this is not a tax increase proposal
although I'm sure that's something that
she's gonna push for as well it's a
little different so warns plan starts
from the premise that corporations that
claim the legal rights of personhood
should be legally required to accept the
moral obligations of personhood right
corporations are people my friend
according to MIT Romney so if they are
people then they have certain
responsibilities and obligations that's
what Elizabeth Warren is arguing she
writes that traditionally corporations
sought to succeed in the marketplace but
they also recognize their obligations to
employees customers in the community in
recent decades they stopped in favor of
a singular devotion to enriching
shareholders and that's what Warren
wants to change so how does she propose
to change it she wants to curb
corporations political activities and
for the biggest corporations she's
proposing a dramatic step that would
ensure workers and not just shareholders
get a voice on big strategic decisions
so Warren wants to create something
known as the office of United States
corporations and this would exist inside
the Department of Commerce and it would
require any corporation with revenue
over 1 billion dollars to obtain a
federal charter of corporate citizenship
right you're a person got you got to
have that corporate citizenship the
Charter tells companies
company directors to consider the
interest of all relevant stakeholders
and shareholders but also customers
employees and the communities in which
the company operates when making
decisions so in order to achieve that
obviously you gotta like bacon those
communities into the business model
right and so how do you bake that all in
more concretely the United States
corporations would be required to allow
their workers to elect 40% of the
membership of their board of directors
so in this case the workers would have
much more of a say they would have more
power in the decision making of these
corporations but also limit corporate
executives ability to sell shares of
stock okay this is my favorite part my
favorite part guys so let's go back to
that graphic it's important so it would
ability to share shares of stock that
they receive as pay requiring that such
shares be held for at least five years
after they were received and at least
three years after a share buyback okay
do you understand what's happening here
you're gonna try to prevent the run up
action what's happening right now
because of the Trump era tax cuts is
these corporations are not reinvesting
in their companies they're not
increasing employee pay couple of these
corporations gave a one-time bonus right
just to like hide the fact that they're
not really planning on sharing their
wealth with their workers what they
really did is they went ahead and bought
their stock right stock buybacks and
that artificially inflated the price of
these shares that's what happened with
Apple they repaid traded all that money
that's coming back from overseas 285
billion dollars and they just put it all
in a stock buybacks and that's when you
get the headlines Apple record value
exactly and so what do they do after the
the stock value goes up they cash out
right so people who think it's a good
thing because 401 k's increase in value
or whatever no no it's very temporary
because as soon as the value goes up the
executives cash out finally the other
proposals to require corporate political
activity to be authorized specifically
by both 75% of
shareholders and 75% of board members
many of whom would be worker
representatives under the full bill yes
so they're trying to then limit this
political activity because it's really
in addition to stock buybacks
there are politician buybacks and they
use a lot of this money to continue to
buy off those politicians it's a corrupt
system we know it and I love the fact
that Elizabeth Warren is working on the
Supreme Court decision to consider
corporations people right as a result
they are theirs corporate citizenry that
is responsible as a person in other ways
besides just being able to wash out our
political system with money so there's
it's a terrific twist as you say Anna it
may go it will go nowhere given the
current configuration of the Congress
but it's out there and I liked it it's
on the board and as you also have
mentioned as Congress perhaps changes in
character politically maybe something
happens out they have to answer to this
now so there was there's always these
things that we allow our corporations to
do based off of our worship and culture
of them so they're rich man what do you
want to do everyone deserves the right
to be rich why are you hating on the
rich don't you want to be rich too that
pacifier actually shuts down everyone
else that thinks hey why am I getting
everything stolen for me to give to you
the reverse is always the thought
process hey how dare these corporations
have to give something to you that you
earned by the way and the government to
give to you what you earned it's not a
giveaway we all pay into it number one
and the other part says I are giving
away so the narrative has to change and
maybe it is the beginning of it but with
the general politicians have dug in so
deep with supporting corporations to
this point the genius part of this she's
using some of those terms like he said
they're the citizenry being at your if
you're a person hood if you're part of
the personhood of a country you have to
act like it then right so that's
something they weren't with already so
now you have to use that against them
and also how are we gonna pay for all
this are we gonna pick it doesn't cost
us anything yes it's it's it's disarming
both of those empty threats all the time
in the first place anyway so what else
can you do as you said it's not gonna go
through necessarily mark but at least we
can make people who aren't gonna be for
answer to it and
right that's a great great point that
let's start to hold the GOP those and by
the way we say that you okay also the
Democrats Democrats are very much in the
pocket of of corporate America we were
no fans of the Obama administration on
Wall Street and all the rest so we're
just not flag wavers for for the left as
personified by the Democrats ring
they're not even so left on so many
issues but having said that I do think
that this could make people account for
where they stand on these corporate
issues make them stand up and vote on it
absolutely and and what I love about
Warren is that she has been so
consistent on economic policies and
really holding corporate america's feet
to the fire one of my favorite videos
features her questioning Mick Mulvaney
and his views on the Consumer Financial
Protection Bureau we gave you a little
taste of that video on yesterday's show
but if you have time please
take a look at the full context of that
conversation that back and forth because
she's a fighter when it comes to
corporate America and that is a ballsy
thing to do considering how powerful
corporations are in this whole political
discourse right she risks a lot and
she's a fighter who knows her stuff she
knows the X's and O's of the economy so
well that she can go toe to toe to
defend the Consumer Protection Bureau
she and and as a consumer advocate she
really knows that territory so I think
she comes at it you know armed with not
only a sense of the fight but a sense of
the fact that's the last part of it has
to be it has to be the transition is the
layman's terms of these things because
they already have the you know the
latest and and they're talking about
their financial institutions and how
they're gonna do this but so well she's
puts in all these terms most folks can
understand how it works so then don't
look and go oh well it's too off you
understand I'll go with the dumb version
that they're telling me what's happening
rather than me knowing what's happening
this is pretty straightforward
ya know most people can understand how
this works and I think I don't know
she's speaking all those financial terms
I don't have any money I don't need
equity anything what does all this mean
move on I'll just listen to what they
tell me is happening with my money and
with my life and to get a populist wave
to get a popular support for anything
you do need
explain it in ways that the that people
can understand I mean I think jrx a very
important point here which is you know
they sell is hey it's a middle it's a
middle class tax cuts the middle class
tax cut you hear that over and over and
over again and then the people just
blindly repeat and parrot what they hear
it's a middle class tax cut when it's
actually a corporate tax cut for the
uber rich in America this is a it could
get popular support because it's a it's
a corporate responsibility bill it's a
it's corporate personhood just like
their people in this one way we've
already seen the Supreme Court decision
on this they now are people in another
way with corporate responsibility I
think it's very easy to understand and
to develop popular support behind
exactly all right let's move on to some
other news earlier this week Donald
Trump had a huge signing event to show
his support for the National Defense
Authorization Act and in that act as we
all know he increased the budget for the
military to seven hundred seventeen
billion dollars in fiscal year 2019 and
there were a few good things in that in
that bill one of the good things was the
fact that he would increase pay for the
military that was pretty much the only
good thing but there was also something
that caught my attention and I was
curious to see how Trump would react to
it in coming days so part of this
reauthorization Act included specific
provisions pertaining to Russia
provisions that I felt Trump wouldn't be
in favor of but he hadn't said anything
about it when we reported the story he
said some stuff about it today not today
but recently and I wanted to share that
aspect with you guys so in the signing
event Trump objected to four of the
eight provisions related to Russia
included in the four is provision 1241
which states that none of the defense
bills funds quote may be obligated or
expended to implement any activity that
recognizes the sovereignty of the
Russian Federation over Crimea now in
2014 Russia
next Crimea Crimea which was Ukrainian
territory and the u.s. imposed sanctions
on Russia as a result of that Russia not
in favor of those sanctions clearly not
in favor of them and so the whole point
here is hey we're not going to use any
of the defense budget on protecting
Russia and its actions and Trump does
not like that
so Trump argued that the bill would
unjustly limit his presidential
authority by restricting
military-to-military cooperation with
Russia and mandating he report to
Congress if Russia violates the
intermediate-range nuclear forces treaty
or if he discusses a new strategic arms
reduction treaty with Russian President
Vladimir Putin so he's already you know
spoken out against this he's on the
record it's unsurprising to me what was
surprising was when he initially signed
it and we hadn't heard anything about
him being against these Russian
provisions this stuff this this bill
this defense bill has other stuff in it
has stuff like American troops in in
South Korea for example and the number
of troops associated with the Middle
Eastern involved in other words there
there are a number of things that laid
out here so it is weird I mean yeah yet
again another weird Russian thing that's
carved out by Trump and it's again
carved out so obviously it was kind of
like his clunky remarks in front of
Putin at that press conference it's like
I can't believe this like if you're
really in Russia's pocket why wouldn't
you at least try to put on a little bit
of a charade well in this case we're
probably a little less of a charade as
possible I mean you are going to have to
go on the record with actual legislation
and actual spending he's had to come out
of the woods even further and say I'm
not good with this Russia part I think
one of the parts that stuck out I think
I mention it's a few times today
there was aspects of it that the the
these would violate some of trumps
presidential powers one of what's being
they were requiring him to report on
North Korea's nuclear activities so I
looked at the signing statement that was
brought up and the again in more of the
terms as my administration will treat
these provisions consistent with the
president's constitutional authority to
withhold information the disclosure of
which could impair national
security so and speaking to the Congress
it's gonna impair your national security
to continue a buddy-buddy relationship
with your new friend who was amazingly
smart and it's tough can't wait in the
way that you wish you could be at such a
young age so it's gonna impair national
security for people to have an update on
what you promised would happen because
of your summit that was self
aggrandizing yeah so let me give you the
exact wording so here here are bullet
points of all the things that Trump
objects to so as we didn't haven't even
talked about this yet provisions
limiting u.s. support for the Saudi
military campaign in Yemen so US
taxpayer money is going toward fighting
Saudi Arabia's war in Yemen okay that's
what's happening and there is a
humanitarian crisis there there is a
children are dying as a result of our
actions we're selling arms to Saudi
Arabia like crazy but but no one reports
on it no one talks about it it drives me
nuts okay so Trump is against that he
doesn't want any limitations when it
comes to helping Saudi Arabia you know
go after you many citizens the way that
they have civilians the way that they
have transfers of Guatemala Guantanamo
Bay detainees and the number of troops
in South Korea and then finally this is
what you were alluding to junior
provision mandating the president report
on North Korea's nuclear activities you
know why Trump doesn't want to report on
what's going on with North Korea's
nuclear activities because they're still
developing nuclear weapons after he
tweeted that we have nothing to worry
about
so it's over right no there hasn't no
there hasn't you're not a good
negotiator you didn't make a good deal
you didn't make a deal you didn't do
anything and he's trying to make it seem
as though he accomplished something
right I mean he's a head he's a headline
stealer but he doesn't really do
anything and then you see who he's in
bed with you said he's in bed with the
Saudis that's because of military sales
to Saudi Arabia it's all about money and
Russia that parts about money also as as
you know it's either about money
laundering or it's about money loans
about money loaned it's about it's about
his Trump properties it's about any
number of things that are associated
with money in the main this is he
doesn't want any limit on his executive
power and as we said earlier he's trying
to expand his executive power and this
clearly places limits on his executive
power and forces him to own up to
certain things that are going on as
administration and he hates it all right
we got to take a break when we come back
Alex Jones is at it again
so I'm gonna enjoy that conversation
stick around
thanks for watching what I hope was a
lovely edition of The Young Turks now
you know that that is two of the five
segments that we do because that's free
we want to have you support independent
media and can watch the whole show that
we do every day that's five segments
overall no ads at all that's at TYT
Network comm slash join come become a
member
thanks for watching either way
