and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more
following a number of mass school
shootings in the United States lawmakers
failed to pass any gun legislation
including reasonable background checks
and things that most gun owners actually
want but the Department of Homeland
Security is now spending taxpayer money
in training programs for children on
campuses they're known as mass casualty
events and they're doing drills for
these events and TYT investigates pored
through documents to give us the details
on this so according to Ken clip and
Steen's reporting here he writes that
the DHS has issued a 1.8 million dollar
grant in order to create a program
providing quote life-saving trauma
training to high school-age students for
mass casualty events so what would they
learn during these trainings well the
training program called school-age
trauma training seeks to provide the
knowledge necessary to stabilize the
injured and control severe bleeding
until first responders arrived on scene
so someone gets shot student gets shot
teacher gets shot the students would be
trained on what to do in order to care
for that person until first responders
arrived so if there's a mass if there's
an active shooter on campus there's
chaos and people understandably want to
run from this threat it's what what do
they expect the students to do if
there's an active shooter to stop and
help someone who's just been shot and
try to prevent them from bleeding out
living in a cartoon world or living in a
movie where jean-claude Van Damme
so I couldn't think of citizen oh not
hard to kill but there was the other guy
doesn't at all know you know the one
who's not rushed in the the
alright now here's the break people's
legs backwards in all his movies um
anyway so you waiting for a hero to show
up that's gonna stand it when bullets
are flying by his head because every bad
guy misses and it shoots right by his
head and then some sixteen-year-old kid
in his chemistry class is gonna take a
tourniquet and it's cuz he's learned all
these techniques with this 1.8 million
dollar grant which then I'll run out and
they'll ask for more money from someone
else to privately handle this and he's
gonna stick his hand in an open wound
maybe in someone's face neck torso leg I
don't know maybe blood is shooting
everywhere their friend is dying
probably their teacher maybe someone
else who's around in the area maybe
themselves because you know we stay calm
when traumas happening because children
have been taught to do this you know
EMTs are trained to do stuff like this
and they're professionals they're adults
and it's what they chose to do and
they're getting paid to do but now kids
right in the middle of learning about
the periodic table then move on to this
training when someone comes in in Boston
because that's the mindset we have in
this front you know cause I think that's
normal I know I'm well I think there are
a lot of clear-headed Americans who
don't think this is normal I think there
are a lot of Americans who see that
rather than passing just common-sense
gun legislation the bright no one's
talking about banning guns maybe some
people are but overall you know the
arguments that I'm hearing from pro-gun
control advocates is hey why don't we do
something to lessen the damage right
people should have access to guns but do
they need access to high-capacity
magazines do they need access to certain
types of weapons shouldn't we do certain
types of background checks mental
healthcare checks things like that to
ensure that the people who have the guns
or who are purchasing the guns should
have the ability to do so but anyway
instead of doing that all of the onus
seems to be on potential victims right
all of the checks all of the security
all of the you know inconveniences falls
on to potential victims so oh maybe we
need to have metal detectors in schools
maybe we need to have people take their
shoes off before they enter the school
night
arming teachers so again all of the onus
tends to fall on the victims potential
victims I should say and so I don't I
don't understand why it needs to be this
way why can't we have lawmakers who pass
common-sense gun legislation why well
also and and look this is something that
was back I'm talking about background
checks and even some checks on assault
weapons I'll call them and I know that
sure is and the real gun be able to go
well there are a lot of assault weapons
there okay okay you're I'm talking the
ones that there's a I'm talking about
those the limits on those and the limit
and background checks were supported by
a constituency that was the NRA that was
that the gun owners in other words it's
this is not such an outrageous idea but
gradually they become more dug in on
positions that are even against that so
this is a very tough spot and of course
as JR says this is a waste of time I
mean fire drills and showing people how
to exit in an emergency these kids can
handle that and they can also that and
they should learn that but the idea
somehow that they're supposed to triage
a bunch of fifth graders some of whom
have been shot but first of all you can
do a lot of damage if you do the wrong
thing and secondly it's a it's a waste
of time and money and then to Anna's
point it does nothing to address the
overall problem it's amazing so okay so
other part of it the 1.8 lien is ver
just gonna go on and run out make
anymore this is the stalling phase what
happened to arming the teachers maybe I
have me keeping track of it very closely
but this widespread calls are armed
teachers and provide them with guns when
they don't have supplies to allow them
to be able to shoot whichever students
or former students they once taught in
the face when they come in with a rifle
shooting at them through doors in
through walls
first thought they have to have that so
that I'm not sure that policy or that
thought process has run out yet or if
we've been delayed long enough to say oh
yeah I feel better now it's been several
months since those kids got murdered at
that last one that I heard about not
about the one happened last week by the
way
but last one that I heard about I feel
better now oh and I heard were arming
teachers okay moving on now the 1.8
million dollars is somehow supposed to
pacify us long enough to go oh well the
kids are learning how to put tourniquets
on and and put
pressure health education and driver's
education a part of the things that this
that this policy said it's gonna compare
it to so Mike is gonna turn 16 he's
looking forward to driving it I'll give
you a new little Honda oh and at the
same time do your driver education hey
Johnny did you learn how to stop severe
bleeding yet in a traumatic situation
today we got to get on that because this
is the country we live in well you know
the teachers having rifles or any kind
of defensive weaponry has been rejected
by most school districts I think in most
states or certainly men so people when
you really get down to it understand
that more guns in this situation isn't
really the solution Hey look at vice
president Pence's of pep rally that he
had a few months ago where there were no
weapons allowed here are you speaking he
took gun owners right these are supposed
to be the the safest people to have guns
on earth and he didn't want a gun in the
place not one gun I mean it isn't it
true of every major political issue
politicians will build their moats
around their person right because they
want to insulate themselves from the
damage that they're doing to everyone
else because they want to be completely
protected while Americans you know deal
with the bloodshed deal with everything
that's been going on and again look if
you love your guns if you you'd like to
shoot for your hobby if you go hunting
look I get it I get it okay I personally
don't enjoy shooting guns but that
doesn't matter if you are a law abiding
citizen law abiding citizen you should
have access to guns the question is what
are we gonna do to rein in what's been
going on this like complete lack of
regulation we need to do something about
it
by the way I want to give you a few more
details about what these das documents
say because some of this is insane the
training will also include information
on how to use one's hands to apply
pressure to a wound when nothing else is
immediately available but here's the
part that really stood out to me one
passage notes trainees are expected to
quote act quickly and decisively in the
face of disasters thereby preventing
death and injuries minimizing loss of
property now in the article two IT
investigates added emphasis to that and
allowing for more rapid and efficient
recovery okay so the property part I
mean Wow
okay nice to see what your priorities
are I don't know the degree to which
people directly and and personally have
to deal with this stuff but after this
happened this is the letter I got from
my kids school in district they talked
about I'm sure a couple of aspects of it
please have an age-appropriate
conversation at home with your child or
children about appropriate reactions to
an active shooter situation my child is
six years old so let's have a
conversation about the appropriate
actions to have someone bust into your
class how is that gonna go there um
and then what you should do in those
moments I had to have a conversation
with my kid about what happens at the
PTA things or the events that happen
around school when visitors come on
campus and decide to tell them hey we're
gonna have this thing or there's like a
pie in the face event and he was worried
about it cuz even like pies in the face
that's the conversation you have with
kids that thinks you're like hey there's
no clowns gonna be there man I promise
that's the normal conversation you have
with kids but instead you have a
conversation about if someone walks in
with a gun and what you might have do in
that situation also I'm always at the
assembly because we're in California a
lot of these schools you have assembly
outside because we're able to do it year
round and there's perimeters to the
school and the principal said in a
masked way does anybody if there's any
parents that are here regularly they're
here early enough to watch entrances and
exits to the school grounds let me know
come to the office and volunteer and it
was masked but everyone knew what she
was saying and we're like oh I'll
volunteer to be the first line before my
children get killed if someone decides
to break into school before after before
school during the assembly because
that's when everybody is together this
is the stuff that that every school no
matter what they've been through or have
to prepare to be through have to
consider so my first thought is yeah I'd
like to watch because I watch people
where I go anyway I was like I'll be the
first line so I'm volunteering to be
this first line of basically a soldier
battle
just to save my child and maybe others
so like we're ready to give up our lives
because we're unwilling to do anything
because the actual problem with it
because the government refuses to do the
one thing that the government is
supposed to do and it's to protect its
system when the kids start seeing adults
standing at the edges of the school with
the arms crossed they go what's going on
yeah yeah this is an elementary school
that's what I mean you know I love that
you started with the story about your
son worrying about the party where you
might get a pie in the face and you end
up with this very real gritty situation
this is an elementary school we
shouldn't be dealing with this kind of
thing two easy ways folly young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're at uoit subscriber and
second is ring the bell and when you do
that on youtube you're notified of our
videos
