I said in the meeting of the Young Turks
today I was like yesterday's show was
bananas today shows oranges it's okay
right and and I was like no it's also
bananas so ya know Ben's right we always
are overly honest this is a Xiao Xiao
election night no although but is it so
Xiao Xiao when I announced this latest
result that literally just laughing
three names you have right yeah yeah but
you've got three but we only know the
results of two called I was going to say
that Randy Bryce had pulled to a almost
19 point lead but more importantly the
race has actually been called Oh so get
out and work for Randy Bryce and you
have him beat to Brian Steele and get
him elected to that seat
I had it slightly wrong it's a little
Hillary did lose by 11 Obama lost by
five in 2012 and won by three in 2008
so is it trending more and more well
it's trending more Republican but it is
a totally winnable seat and then Hillary
Clinton did but Tillery Clinton did far
worse in Wisconsin than then Barack
Obama did either time because he was
able to win it and Lee yeah also there I
think he can't it went there every once
in a while that's right
luckily for Randy Bryce he's from there
so he's not gonna have that issue so it
is now be great if he didn't he didn't
go to yeah I'm good but by the way
that's why it kind of part of the reason
why across there Cortes one because
Crowley wouldn't go to his own district
so it's not like it hasn't happened he
lives in Virginia etc but that's an old
race okay so a bottom line is just
Democrats go three for three
some what he called Politico so tonight
Ilhan Omar Minnesota's fifth district
Christine Hollis who was running for
governor in Vermont obviously a
Democratic primary and Randy Bryson
Wisconsin's first District all winners
we at ban a thousand one hundred percent
I can give you more numbers we went
three for three
by the way here I will give you one more
number last week we didn't have some
disappointing losses but something that
is reported by almost no one in the
mainstream press the jeff's Democrats
actually won more races than they lost
last week went seven and six one seven
out of 13 races now when you combine the
last two weeks we are 10 for 16 just
Democrats did not exist as a group until
after the 2016 elections so having been
around for about a year and a half to go
in the middle of the primaries in two
weeks to go ten out of 16 when across
the board there are you know Democrats
running tons of Democrats running in so
many seats yes and and so and on and six
will make the playoffs in the NFL almost
every year I'll have to tell you that
John yeah I'm not a big fan of the 10 of
Sixers think you're thinking of somebody
else so and I want to add one other
thing
so the wins last week were dismissed by
the media because they were progressive
wins but also because they said well I
mean look some of that stuff was easy
you know per millage i apologetic coming
of course she was gonna win yeah but
let's note for the record that there are
incumbent justice democrats because when
we started the group and it was you know
some host from the young turks network
and and and bernie sanders staffers we
were met with overwhelming skepticism
and if you had had said that we would
have three incumbents already heading
into the election they would said no you
don't that's not gonna happen let alone
now three that are almost certainly
going into Congress with Ilhan Omar to
tonight taking key thousands o seat
Sandra caster Cortes in Queens and Bronx
and then rashida to leave taking Conyers
old seat so now there will be six
Justice Democrats almost for certain in
the next Congress and by the way with
these three tonight 21 justice Democrats
have already won Wow
okay in their primaries and and then a
couple of them are governor positions
including Hawk West tonight and Ben
Jealous in Maryland so
wonderful wonderful victories for a new
group that is both deeply progressive
which I thought you could win that way
and totally uncorrupted no corporate PAC
money that was another thing that was
previously thought unimaginable and
undoable and by the way as always I
really want to give you guys credit
because you know a lot of the younger
audience supported these guys
you volunteered you gave small dollar
donations and maybe equally importantly
you believed and and that makes a big
difference and most importantly you went
out there voted yeah so a great night
for just Democrats and for progressives
throughout the country
