when you become a TI team member not
only do you get exclusive content you
become a part of our family
click the link in the description box
below to join the home of progressives
actress Kristen Bell who plays a Disney
Princess revealed that in recent talks
with her children she's been bringing up
some of the issues she has with the
messages of older Disney movies here are
a couple of the things that she's been
talking about with them she says every
time we close Snow White I look at my
girls and ask don't you think it's weird
that snow weight didn't ask the old
witch why she needed to eat the apple or
where she got that Apple yeah I've
always thought that was a weird plot
hole but but she's right you don't just
accept food from strangers and I think
that a story that teaches kids that yeah
fruit is fine just take it from any
weird old person that adds it to you but
that's not what she's getting a bad
reaction from the right for it was this
next quote saying don't you think it's
weird that the prince kisses Snow White
without her permission because you
cannot kiss someone if they're sleeping
now the right some on the right online
have lost their minds about this they
are frustrated with her for daring to
question these fairy tales or at least
their Disney incarnations although we do
know especially around the conversation
on the the confirmation of Justice
Cavanaugh there's a lot of people that
think a lot of things are acceptable and
we don't know for sure where they're
learning these lessons about consent and
what should be allowed but they believe
some terrible things maybe rethinking
some of these older movies isn't the
worst thing in the world but as I said
the reaction has been has been bad ben
shapiro totally reasonable guy said oh
well if kristen bell is uncomfortable we
should probably discard centuries-old
fairy tales so that is factually untrue
the fairy tale is not centuries-old with
the kiss yes the story originally is the
kiss part was added in this century by
disney so didn't care enough to do the
research cares enough to protect these
not care doesn't care enough to do the
research and i would say that even he
was right so well centuries-old fairy
tales are actually really bloody and
gory tend to be the little mermaid like
chops off her feet become seafoam I mean
Cinderella's stepsisters get their eyes
plucked out by birds I mean the Grimm
brothers were the fairy tale is less
what it is horror stories more like it
and who
here's if we have to change a few old
fairy tales no no that goes we're
snowflakes he's freaking out that we
might have to update a cartoon but we're
snowflakes yeah no this goes the harder
why conservatives are losers and I'm
gonna explain this literal okay I'm
gonna explain why I say that so in in in
reality the Brothers Grimm changed Snow
White's story
17 times between 1812 when they first
came out with in 1864 why I would argue
largely because they were capitalist and
so what they were doing would they were
testing different versions of the story
they originally came from folk stories
the folk stories were worse they were
horrifically well was it originally the
the parents were evil and people didn't
like that the parents were evil they
didn't want to buy that book right then
the mom was evil they're like that's
better okay but still a little bit
problematic and then eventually they
switched it to the evil stepmother and
they're like all right here we go now
that's better and that one's stuck and
continued right there was no kiss at all
in any of those and originally how did
if there was no kiss had a Snow White
become conscious well one of the
servants beat her into consciousness in
the original Brothers Grimm story back
in even the last one 1864 that one
doesn't play as well in modern times the
servants beat you until instead of
beating you to death they beat you to
life I guess and this is a story
beatings are good for you and and so
eating the servants yeah so look on the
one hand you've got a good case here of
conservatives again not attach the facts
who cares the fact that that story's
been changed countless times we're gonna
pretend that it was written by like what
God in a stone somewhere on a
mountaintop when God said let's Snow
White be arisen by a kiss right no
things are changeable and and they do
change all the time depending on the
times and that is my central point
conservatives are resigned to the role
of losers in history why because they
fight for things to not change but we
live in an ever-changing world
so things change all the time that's why
I can service are always grumpy
how are things changing tradition stay
don't why should always be woken up in
the same way beaten hath waited to death
or life remain in Asia and think they
should have had their eyes gouged out
and we should have kept slavery oops and
that's right that was also a tradition
yeah bright kidnappings were it was a
tradition in Central Asia
there's many traditions that are
horrible and we get better or we change
for the better but conservatives by
definition are opposed to change that is
why they will always lose in the long
run on the go don't worry we've got you
covered you still listen to TOI tea at
our new podcast network find us on Apple
podcast at Google Play Store or at TYT
comm slash podcast
