eleven-year-olds are able to hack into a
replica of Florida's voting system so if
you're concerned about the integrity of
our democracy and our elections you
should be concerned because again
11-year olds are able to hack into
voting systems within ten minutes in
fact there was one student who was able
to do so even quick quicker so this
group of children hacked into a replica
of Florida's voting system within 30
minutes including one who broke in
within ten minutes ten minutes okay this
is an exact replica ten minutes let's go
on an 11 year old boy changed fake
voting results by hacking into an exact
replica of Florida State Election
website now 35 of the 39 kids completed
the exploit and tampered with voting
tallies party names and candidate names
within 30 minutes
now these Def Con participants
discovered that voting systems running
on expired SSL Certificates encryption
keys that are intended to create secure
connections were the most vulnerable
which should be unsurprising but this is
this is crazy I mean we have these
insane debates about voter fraud how
about we beefed up our security when it
comes to our voting systems because this
is crazy
yeah so number of problems here one is
how easy it is to do it two is how we
react so there is our reaction to the
Russian attempts to break into the voter
rolls and yes they did attempt to do
that and yes
the all the intelligence agencies say
they are actively engaged in interfering
again in these elections and so that's
fairly well known and then the reaction
to that is the Republicans voted down
extra money for securing the vote they
voted it down it's almost as if they
don't want the vote to be secured it's
really sick these are the guys who claim
that they're concerned about voter fraud
note that irony but the one that
actually bothers me the most is the
groupthink
around both political parties and the
media
as soon as an election is over they're
like okay it's over don't ask don't ask
the verifies about y'all don't don't ask
don't ask so look we raise money from
you guys to have reporters so we spent
some of that to send someone down to
Johnson County Kansas okay where there
was a computer glitch which is a another
word for that as a computer failure in
the middle of the election that's why I
took hours upon hours upon hours to fix
the error now is it possible that it was
just an error and nothing went wrong of
course that's possible right so is it
possible that something went wrong
without any bad intent and some of the
votes got tabulated wrong
well that's obviously also possible is
it possible someone had bad intent
possible right now less likely but
possible but when you go to ask people
as our reporter did hey can can we
verify the vote answer's no of course
not so can the public see you verify the
book no yeah that's that's an issue
okay then how the hell do we know I mean
number one how do we know how if any of
the votes are real number two look at
how easy mr. hack in Jesus Christ and so
simple and then you sure me that I
should have absolute confidence that
none of these things are hacked into how
would you know how would have local
bumpkin in the middle of Kansas by the
way could be in the middle of anywhere
Rhode Island Hawaii doesn't matter right
no better than a hacker like what if the
computer glitch was a hacker
how would that guy know what is he a
computer expert he doesn't know and then
when you go to ask the verify oh how
dare you look why isn't the Kansas City
Star why aren't all the papers I mean
you've got an incredibly contentious
race in Kansas with Kris Kobach you get
up again the current governor on the
Republican side luckily there's a
Republican in the race and why do I say
that because they actually fight so the
I hope the governor doesn't roll over
and go it's totally fine but who knows
but what you don't see them what I'm
here to tell you is enormous pressure in
the establishment once a vote is
concluded right or wrong to move on move
on don't worry about it don't
you know why what they're afraid of is
that you're not going to have faith in
the system because if you go to find out
what the hell happened in a computer
glitch they're afraid of what you're
gonna find and so they just want to
sweep it under the rug as soon as an
election is over everyone sweeps it
under the rug it's maddening we have no
faith I look I want you to vote I want
you to go to primaries we've made a
giant difference 18 different just
Democrats of one so don't give up hope
and not all the elections are rigged
that's ridiculous in a casa of cortez
one and 17 others one that a real
progressives aren't corrupted etc but
does that mean that we should just take
it on blind faith i would ask who would
be stupid enough to say that except it's
almost entirety of the establishment
both political parties are in general
and god the mainstream media the minute
you talk about if you do it before an
election they'll I guess theoretically
yes the Russians Russia's I care about
the Russians you do it after an election
I go conspiracy theory but I don't have
a conspiracy theory I just I don't have
I don't have any theory as to what
happened I want you to tell me what was
the glitch they wouldn't even say what
they did it shut down and turned back on
why did it shut down they did not shut
down did it change votes that did not
change votes what do you mean glitch but
they refuse to answer in the media goes
look that's fine it's fine let's move on
let's move on let's move on oh my god I
don't want people to question the system
why because god the media frustrates me
so much because they love the status quo
anything that challenges the status quo
makes them go nuts yeah I mean another
way to look at this is you know kids
these days super computer literate too
easy wasteful young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below then
you're at EIT subscriber and second is
ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
