Stephen Miller's uncle has been throwing
him under the bus and it has been
fantastic so it begun it began with a
political column that I particularly
enjoyed and I want to share some
excerpts for you
now of course Stephen Miller's family
was a family of immigrants they came to
the United States in 1903 skip ahead to
graphic 23 his uncle David Glosser
writes this family emerged from poverty
in a hostile country to become a
prosperous educated clan of merchants
scholars professionals and most
important American citizens what does
this classically American tale have to
do with Stephen Miller
well Izzy Gloucester is his maternal
grandfather and Stephens mother Miriam
is my sister so they escaped from you
know the Nazis came to the United States
seeking refuge and asylum and they were
able to do what most immigrants do
create an incredible life for themselves
here in the United States and so you
know his his uncle is saying like look
you're an idiot you know your family did
this they were running away from extreme
violence they were trying to protect
themselves and their children you are
the product of immigrants here in the
United States and yet you go out of your
way to propose laws that make it
incredibly difficult to become a citizen
here in the u.s. you're the one who
crafted the zero-tolerance policy at the
border separating children from their
parents and and I just love that a
family member is speaking out and
sharing you know his family's history
and telling the truth about you know
Stephen Miller's background no no I love
this guy and and so but the details are
super interesting so there was already
pogrom in Eastern Europe before the
Nazis came but he says had woefully
waited his family would likely have been
murdered by the Nazis along with all but
seven of the 2,000 years who remained an
antipope so they killed almost every Jew
in town okay and he said I would
encourage Stephen to ask himself if the
chant
torch bearing Nazis of Charlotte's ville
who support his boss seems to court so
cavalierly do not envision a similar
fate for him damn and they did man they
chanted blood and soil the Jews will not
replace us and and then hit and Trump
came out and said there's good people on
both sides no there are no good people
on the Nazi side so he said also my
shudder at the thought of what would
have become of the Gloucester's had the
same policy Stephen so coolly espouses
been in effect when wolf Lee made his
desperate bid for freedom and and and
yet the whole family might have died if
we rejected them but luckily America was
great enough to accept them and not to
reject them and what did they do they
worked really hard and when they came
here they were incredibly poor and he
had two workers on the on the street
quarter corner peddling stuff and and
now Donald Trump says we all knew what
the best and so what he means by that is
rich people who could buy a visa for
five hundred thousand dollars but if you
bring your family he calls that chain
migration unless of course he's bringing
his wife's family which he just did
through chain what he calls chain
migration and now this is Stephen
Miller's uncle saying what do you how do
you think we got here and do you think
we got here because we could afford a
five hundred thousand dollar visa no we
got here with no money in our pockets we
were running for our lives and he said
then when they got here he said we
didn't we faced terrible discrimination
and anti-semitism etc but he said if it
wasn't even as bad as what you're doing
the minorities today in America what
you're doing what your boss is doing he
said at least they didn't kidnap our
children from us Jesus man
he's so right and it's brave I know it's
just nephew and it must hurt but it's
brave to call him out and say what are
you doing my god
look at it our family's history and and
you taking their kids from them what
kind of a monster does that so his uncle
David Gloucester also did a few press
interviews and I want to share one of
them with you
let's take a look I'm not
interested in having public notoriety
I've been interested in having my
private life and taking care of those
things which are important to me but as
I say I felt it was it was incumbent
upon me to to raise my voice to let
people know that this is a country of
immigrants and our family were
immigrants in fact we were refugees if
if my ancestors had not immigrated to
the United States when they did if
they'd waited a few more years till 1924
the door would have been shut my parents
would have gone up the crematoria
chimney I wouldn't have been born my
sister wouldn't have been born and
certainly Stephen wouldn't be would
never have existed but writing this so
publicly criticizing your nephew is
everyone in your family on board on this
it's a huge family I wouldn't wouldn't I
wouldn't offer to speak for my entire
family but dozens of family members who
encouraged made to push forward with
this you don't expect to change Stephens
mind with this you know he's made it
appears that he's made his entire
political and personal career on this
single issue for reasons that I don't
really know so just to give you some
background on Stephen Miller he's been
you know spreading this anti-immigrant
hate throughout his life he grew up in
Santa Monica California and there's
video of him you know giving speeches
and stuff at a school Santa Monica
College I believe it was and yeah he's
always had these same views I don't know
where they come from but he's now
implementing these ideas in in some of
the cruelest ways imaginable so his
uncle told stories about how he's
helping Hebrew HIAS what used to be
called Hebrew immigrant Aid Society why
they helped his family when they had
come and he says when they came as
immigrants back in the day they were
called scum rapists gangsters drunks and
terrorists and it and he said we weren't
and look who and we did wonderful things
here and now you're repeating it and
you're calling other people that so
instead what what the uncle is doing is
helping that that group HIAS with other
immigrants that have come in
so kid from Eritrea a kid from Yemen and
an all immigrants who suffered torture
and terrible things there whether
they're Christians or they're Muslims in
different circumstances now that's an
American that uncle that helps them and
but he had this wonderful sarcastic mind
that I I gotta share with you so he's
talking about how this fourteen-year-old
kid from Eritrea suffered torture and by
the way partly because they found a
Bible under him it was a it was
different Christians who were
discriminating against them so long
story but he went through hell to get
here and what did he do he cross the
border illegally in Texas looking for
asylum because he really needed asylum
okay and he said he was going through
all this while my nephew Stephen was
famously recovering from the hardships
of his high school cafeteria in Santa
Monica damn that hurt okay so my new
favorite uncle in the country thank you
for standing up for all immigrants and
an understanding that demonizing them is
is not the right way to go and he talks
about the ethnic demonization and
exclusion and he a this please read the
editorial we'll put the link down below
you should read the whole thing cuz it's
fantastic but I'm gonna give you one
last line that I loved
I said laws bereft of justice are the
gateway to tyranny and you got to stand
up no matter who it is that's doing it
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
