I respect women I love women I cherish
women and the president after that I've
tweeted where he calls her a dog that's
pig slob fat and now you can add dog to
that list just a perfectly normal
president all right
today Donald Trump sparked new outrage
after corn Omarosa a dog even for him I
had to give this tweet a second look
before we get into the point of this
just for a second imagine Obama said
this the same guy that they called
disrespectful for wearing a tan suit one
of the ugliest suits in the history of
America and as expected most rational
people were quick to say now that ain't
cool but his most loyal followers sang
his praises for speaking his mind this
tweet came amid his Mormon frenzy where
he covered the usual topics you know
like no collusion witch hunts and a
terrorist incident in London but yet he
still said nothing about the brutal
murder of Nia Wilson in his own country
but maybe he just flew under his radar
now full disclosure I'm not on a Moroso
train I think it's pretty convenient
that all this has occurred just as a new
book is on the horizon the same way
Michael very is about three appearances
away from having his own show on CNN
Trump hating sells regardless of how
much you despise the current president
you'd have to be foolish to think that
these outspoken haters are doing it
solely for the good of the nation
but regardless this is never an excuse
to call a woman a dog and while we're at
it it's never an excuse to call women a
pig or slob or fat Trump voices opinion
or what was probably a watered down
version of his opinion after Omarosa
released another recording this time
involving three Trump campaign aides in
a conversation where it seems that
looking at ways to figure out damage
control over the president using the
n-word they can be heard saying I'm
trying to find out at least what context
it was used in to help us maybe try to
figure out a way to spin it and my
response to this would be why spin it
like Trump saying it would most likely
bolster the support of his most
prominent advocates why not just embrace
it seriously even if there are tapes of
the president using arguably the worst
word to have ever graced this earth do
you really think this will suddenly
alter the opinion of the maggot crowd
come on these are the same people out
here rocking this hat while marching to
uphold ethnic cleansing and berating
minorities whenever they get the chance
at this point you can sing it from the
rooftops at ease Riley and they join in
but this
my everyday pessimism my overall
consensus remains the same the president
calling a woman a dog is not exactly
presidential it's actually foul so hang
tight for some false outrage from those
in his party followed up by some
well-intentioned strong words and a
whole lot of nothing will change it's
just another day in the White House did
you know that TYT network is now
available on YouTube's new streaming
platform YouTube TV get access to full
TYT episodes and exclusive shows by
signing up for YouTube TV today all new
subscribers get a 7-day free trial so
head over to YouTube TV and search for
the TYT Network channel
