and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more a
Florida man who shot and killed an
unarmed individual in a parking lot over
a parking dispute has luckily been
charged with manslaughter now initially
it appeared that there would be no
charges because Michael dredge qey the
man who opened fire and shot and killed
a man claimed that he was doing so
because he was standing his ground this
is in the state of Florida which of
course has Stand Your Ground laws and
the sheriff just bought that argument
and wasn't planning on even arresting
this guy but luckily prosecutors took
this whole situation in their own hands
and they have filed charges against
Michael dredge kheh now for those of you
who missed this story the shooting took
place on July 19th and ABC News has more
detail including the surveillance video
which caught the whole incident
take a look you're looking at
surveillance video of a fight over a
parking space that ended with an unarmed
28 year old father of three killed
Florida police not charging the gunman
calling it an example of the state's
contentious so-called Stand Your Ground
law I just want justice I need something
to be done because is this is not right
Britney Jacobs was sitting in her
boyfriend's idling car when she says 47
year-old Michael dretke approached to
tell her that she illegally parked in a
handicapped spot her boyfriend 28 year
old marques McLaughlin had gone into the
store to buy snacks for the kids you can
see McLachlan walk out of the store he
sees and hears the argument runs over
and pushes dredge go to the ground he's
no pushing this man away from his girl
you know tell him to get away but that's
when the irreversible happens dredge qey
takes out a gun and shoots McLaughlin
McLaughlin holding his chest runs back
into the store Jacobs and the children
watching from the car he collapsed in
front of my son
and within 30 minutes he was gone Jesus
man
so again initially there weren't gonna
be any charges because the sheriff did
not want to file any charges let's go to
graphic 48 in fact he was quoted as
saying no matter how you slice it or
dice it that was a violent push to the
ground referring to the victim in this
case
pushing Drudge cut to the ground during
this confrontation that was all that was
all that was it by the way in 2016
I was also assaulted by a man who pushed
me to the ground I did not have a gun
everything's okay
that guy's alive today yeah but under
this insane law you could just murdered
him and get it get away with it
if you had a terrible terrible sheriff
like that but credit to the prosecutor
for actually doing his job
so three really important parts of that
story one is he's got his five-year-old
son with a man
and you see him collapsed in front of
his son when he gets back in this store
that's just heartbreaking he's got two
other kids that are Brittany Jacobs kids
his girlfriend's kids in the car so and
he that guy is yelling apparently by the
way he did this all the time George Coe
would go up to people and and confront
them over parking and so this guy's
looking for to pick a fight non-stop
picking a fight picking a fight in that
case he's picking a fight with this
guy's girlfriend so he comes over he's
got all the kids in the car etc and so
he pushes the the guy away from his
girlfriend which now a lot of people
would say hey he's protecting his
girlfriend but none of that matters okay
he shouldn't you push the guy no you
shouldn't push the guy anyway you should
add a conversation to begin with that
doesn't mean you should be murdered okay
and then he is clearly backing away
clearly clearly you saw it in the video
there's no question what's amazing to me
is that that sheriff looked at that
video and said oh yeah the guy on the
that had the gun imminent threat of
death because you are allowed to stand
your ground but you're not allowed to
kill people if you don't think there's
any danger okay so you don't have to
retreat that's the whole point of Stand
Your Ground laws but you do
to worry that you're an imminent threat
of your life or massive injury to
yourself right the guy who's backing
away from you who has no weapon does
anybody think that the guy with a gun
there was about to be killed no one
could possibly believe that
and the sheriff's like oh yeah well that
white guy I mean poor guy got shoved by
a black guy and so am i impugning racist
motives on him yeah yeah I am so the
sheriff has said that dredge kheh
told deputies that he had to shoot to
defend himself and then he says those
are the facts and that's law by the way
even though you're gross the races I
know and he would never say that if a
black guy shot a white guy like that do
you know how quickly that same share
would have arrested him also look you
don't even need to look at this one
particular sheriff I mean you can look
at the broader trend so Florida has the
Stand Your Ground laws right so what
happens
what is far more likely to happen if the
person shooting is a black individual
who shoots and kills an art unarmed
white guy well the the hot it's
considered a homicide much more it's
more likely that it's considered a
homicide if it's a black person who does
the shooting they've done the yeah they
actually looked at the data from those
states and in Florida and they chose no
they arrest the black guy who does the
shooting they don't you stand your
ground they go I don't care you're black
get in jail remember the woman who was
black in Florida who shot a warning shot
into the sky to scare away a person who
had done domestic abuse on her imprison
her right yeah but it's a white guy who
shoots a black guy who's backing away
and are you gonna cry that I said it was
racist because I know some right-wingers
love to cry right like oh no you don't
know that poor Sheriff
how could you possibly calm racist the
sheriff is not the victim here he's the
son of a bitch for that either for
racist reasons or because he's a monster
for other reasons decided not to charge
a guy not to do his job when a guy
clearly murdered someone in his area
thank God the prosecutor actually cares
about justice and is not a monster like
that Sheriff so pick your poison
whether he's a racist or he's a terrible
human being for other reasons there's no
way that guy should be sheriff in that
area because there's no way he's
impartial he clearly has a bias and
we'll let you get murdered there if
you're the wrong race or the wrong
person two easy ways to follow Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
