having Monday let's talk about the
double standard between white causes and
black ones
it's been a year since the unite the
right rally happened in Charlotte's will
when Nazis clash with an T for
protesters and anti-fascist Heather hire
was killed by a domestic terrorist and
part two took place in DC but this time
the Nazis numbers were much lower as
some refused to show up because they
were worried about their safety the
reality is that most didn't show up
because they were worried about being
shamed being filmed and exposed which is
a testament to anti-fascist mobilization
even Jason Kessler admitted those low
numbers and according to chat logs
obtained by unicorn riot the white
supremacist neo Nazis and edge Lord
crypto-fascist were in disarray over
many things like not being able to find
housing whether they should still dress
nicely for mainstream recognition
whether they should use speakers of
color to hide the fact of their white
supremacist also known as civic
nationalism now I wouldn't be here if my
man was a white supremacist and how to
do anti-semitic dog whistles that aren't
easily identifiable another issue was
public transportation happily the
Washington metro stepped in to help by
offering private Metro cars to these
white supremacist against the wishes of
the Metro Workers Union now this is a
stark contrast compared to the treatment
black lives matter protesters receive
when they take to the streets to protest
police practices an extrajudicial
killing of American citizens unlike
these nice white fascists when black
people take to the streets to protest
they have snipers trained on them police
in riot gear attacked them with tear gas
with water cannons and tanks when
Pleasant white supremacists and their
allies protest a made-up concept like
white displacement or that America is
too Jewish or too black for their liking
the Secret Service literally provides
them with escorts having the president
claimed that both the fascists and the
anti-fascists are bad is that tired
double standard there's no both sides
conversation when it comes to a black
athlete quietly and respectfully
kneeling then he's a son of a boot who
should be fired the president actively
bullying the NFL into enacting a
protocol that penalizes them for
exercising their First Amendment rights
is that double standard the fact that
far-right terror is far more prevalent
in this country the government chooses
to lock up black identity extremists
because of Alex Jones videos they've
seen is that double standard every
movement has purity spirals and turns
out the alt-right
also has purity spirals as the failure
of unite the right to demonstrated this
path
weekend just like that failure showed
that collective action works and anyone
trying to shut down an Tifa is
unwittingly or purposefully trying to
stop more speech from happening because
counter protesting is also a part of
freedom of speech it's society
collectively showing the door to people
who would be intolerant to certain
subsets of our communities so let's
remain vigilant to Nazis and fascists
trying to enter discourse with
misinformation and misrepresentation and
keep fighting the good fight
I'm ass on piker if this double standard
upsets you please share this video with
your friends also please don't forget to
leave your thoughts in the comment
section below and please download the
TYT app for more content like this one
and this has been the breakdown
