drive it right where your crazy help
build the home of progressives by
becoming a TYT member click the link in
the description box below a pharmacist
in Michigan apparently refused to
dispense medication for a woman's
miscarriage because of his religious
beliefs I'll give you all the details
this woman Rachel Peterson became
pregnant earlier this year and an
ultrasound eventually showed in the end
of June that her fetus no longer had a
heartbeat her doctor prescribed her a
drug that would make the miscarriage
process happen faster and avoid her
having to have an invasive surgical
procedure which apparently carries with
it at least some risk of an inability to
later give birth so obviously wanting to
avoid that amidst a terrible personal
trauma she was willing to potentially
take this medication on July 1st she and
her husband were about to leave to pick
up the medication at this particular
pharmacy when she said she received a
call from the pharmacist who quote
stated that as a good Catholic male he
could not in good conscience fill this
medication she explained to the
pharmacist who she identified as Richard
Kaufmann that her fetus was no longer
viable and that she needed the
medication to complete the miscarriage
safely she says that he didn't believe
me
and he also told her that he couldn't
support an abortion he also refused her
request to speak to another pharmacist
or to the manager i spokesman for that
pharmacy said that he has not been
employed since early July of this year
so apparently shortly after that
conversation and apparently pharmacist
there are who choose to decline to fill
a prescription for religious reasons
must either arrange for the prescription
to be filled by another pharmacist in
the store or transfer the prescription
to another convenient pharmacy both of
which he refused to do and one of the
ironies about this particular drug which
I personally had up and I had not known
anything about is there are other uses
for this drug and she says that if her
husband had called in there are things
that men use it for there would have
been no problem whatsoever it was merely
the fact that she was a woman that clued
him in that it had something to do with
a problem with a pregnancy and thus
triggered his religious response this
whole thing makes my uterus hurt like no
really that is it that's that's not a
decision that anybody other than the
doctor and the woman should be making
about what's happening with her body let
alone somebody as a pharmacist who sworn
to just dispense medic
as prescribed by a medical professional
and now i think that goes to a big part
of that's been missing from the pro-life
side of the debate is a lot of this
these are women aren't going out seeking
abortions willy-nilly and a lot of the
medication is for medical reasons to
protect the life of a mother and women I
mean she wanted that baby right that
says she wanted that baby and is no
longer viable why put her through any
more pain because you think that you
have some religious authority behind you
the Republican Party turning America
into Saudi Arabia
so now Trump's in the middle of a
cover-up for Saudi Arabia and now
religious zealots saying yeah why don't
we do Sharia law in America as long as
it's my Sharia law and not their Sharia
law uh it's supposed to be a free
country it's in the Constitution you're
not supposed to establish a religion so
why do I care about your religion what
do you mean you're not gonna give me
something that my doctor ordered because
of your religion I mean how preposterous
all right so Muslims can just stop
giving everyone bacon right and when
they go to the grocery store in this is
actually a case that happened in
Minnesota and we were livid about it
well then don't work at the grocery
store do your job or go home right no
apparently now Muslims can enforce their
religion upon you Jews can enforce
theirs Rastafarians can enforce theirs
we all get to say okay no you all have
to live by my religion if you want that
you can go to Saudi Arabia you can go to
Iran you can go to a lot of different
countries but that's not what America is
about
but you guys don't understand the
country because you believe in theocracy
and you're fundamentally on American and
let's also note the the irony of the
Laura Ingram's of the world telling
LeBron James shut up and dribble almost
all the Conservatives telling Colin
Kaepernick's shut up and play and
basically shut up and do your job right
in this case though don't do your job on
something that isn't kneeling kneeling
who cares Avedon whatever he meals right
it's about your life your your very life
and that guy gets to interfere in your
life and will not do his job it's
unconscionable and yet oh Joby I know
but I won't impose my religion on you
within the last irony wait I thought you
guys were for small government
oh you're for small government what
allows the koch brothers and giant
corporations to pollute our environment
and poison our kids here for small
government when billionaires are getting
tax breaks but when somebody wants to
control their own body doesn't get any
more freedom and liberty than
controlling your own body say no no I
want jackbooted thugs from the
government to control your body for you
and I want their Brownshirts in the form
of pharmacists to make sure that you
can't get medicine that affects your
health when you need it because I've
been favored for what small government
please at least understand what you're
in favor of your four giant big
government that's a theocracy just like
Saudi Arabia the TYT Plus app is now
available on iOS and Android download to
get more TYT content at TYT comm slash
app
