and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more hey good
news everybody a couple months ago
the DNC said we are not taking any more
money from fossil fuel companies hey
terrific ok so and just when people
thought did DNC didn't have any
principles and don't and and weren't
really progressives know they're
standing ups these guys lead to climate
change it is it's terrible for our
environment it's terrible for our health
and the DNC has morals and principles oh
I'm sorry I'm getting word that they
have changed their mind yeah kind of
knew that before the story started we're
having fun having fun with disastrous
story so guess what happened at the end
of last week there was a new resolution
the resolution introduced by DNC chair
Tom Perez states that the party supports
fossil fuel workers hilarious and will
accept donations from employers
political action committees wait I
thought you were all of a sudden
concerned about the fossil fuel
employees so if you said hey and there
was a proposal by the way you work at a
fossil fuel company you're Americans
like everybody else you got no right to
donate and and you care about this
country no problem you know and how
about you know letting them donate as
employees up to $200 okay to show their
personal interests in a in the
Democratic Party or particular
candidates that makes sense that
proposal was defeated instead what
they're going to do is to help the
workers they're going to take money from
their employers that's not helping the
workers that's taking money from the
companies themselves so that you will
serve those companies let's call it what
it is
I got more details so this is their
explanation the dancies the new
resolution odds to quote forward-looking
employers so I'm sure that our quote
powering America's all-of-the-above
energy economy and moving us towards a
future fueled by clean and low emissions
energy technology from renewables to
carbon
sure and storage too advanced nuclear
technology yeah in other words yeah
we're taking money from the fossil fuel
companies that's what we decided to do
but don't worry the DLC assures you as
they have a year after year
oh no when we take millions of dollars
from fossil fuel companies we will not
serve them we'll just take their money
and then actually fight for climate
change
we'll see it that in this story if
Democrats have actually done that but I
don't need to explain it to you doesn't
matter if you're a Democrat or a
Republican or an independent you already
know how this story ends you know it as
a big picture the only people in the
world who believe that politicians take
money from giant corporations and do not
do what those corporations say are the
people who are on television or who work
in Washington all of the rest of us know
that that's total and utter horse crap
then it's bribes and yes you work for
them just admit it I know they won't and
they'll say how dare you the Democrats
who take bribes there's so much more
honest than the Republicans who take
bribes
no they're just Dumber as I'll explain
the facts behind that in a second as
well so a DNC spokeswoman said that the
resolution came in response to concerns
from labor that the original fossil fuel
donations ban was quote an attack on
workers get the hell out of here and
attack on workers I mean look I was
gonna take money from ExxonMobil and I
want to because I don't want to attack
their workers no you just want to take
bribes from ExxonMobil just say it
you're patronizing language here is so
annoying you think we're stupid look I
look I'll grant you that it probably
does work because the mainstream media
will largely write it as like oh they
are concerned about the workers that's
what they said that's why I'm a
stenographer that's what they say they
were concerned about the workers please
now is labor concerns of the unions from
those industries also want to give money
to the DNC probably yes and is that the
se also affected by that and maybe even
more affected by that maybe so is there
a labor and union angle here yes is that
smart way of conducting politics no no
like I said numbers in a second but so
what an activist thing because if it's a
good-hearted effort and and they're
actually trying to help the workers but
the people who care about climate change
will they'll come out and say no I don't
guess you're mistreating it it's really
not that bad no they're furious I can
give you a lot of quotes I'll just give
you one tweet here from Kate Aronoff she
said to put a fine point on it this
proposal is it to let union members keep
donating to the DNC it's to let fossil
fuel executives keep donating and
selling influence among Democrats
certain unions including Building Trades
see their interest as aligned with those
of executives and that is exactly what
is wrong with the union strategy as well
as the Democratic Party strategy a lot
of the unions are in favor of money in
politics because they're like well we
had we give money to conservatives asked
me all the time whether it's you know an
organization like Wolfpack that wants to
get money out of politics wolf dash
pack.com we say it's non partisan
they're like oh really would you take
the Union money out
yes yes yes we would definitely take the
Union money out of politics we would
also take the corporate money out of
politics we would take all private
financing of Elections out of politics
because otherwise they work for private
interests and I don't care much if it's
the unions or corporations I don't want
anyone bribing our politicians and in
this case it's both so let's examine now
the numbers that I promised you on
whether this is a good strategy or not
visa vie the Republican Party and by the
way Alexandra Kaufman writing a very
good piece here and Huff Post that I'm
quoting he writes our oil gas companies
spent a record seven point six million
dollars on Democratic races in 2016 I'm
sure they wanted nothing in return
anyway but let's keep going let's see if
that's a good strategy
that's a pittance compared to the 53
point seven million dollars in direct
donations to Republicans who received
88% of the industry's contributions
during that election cycle Republicans
have taken in eighty nine percent of the
industry's donations so far in 2018 that
figure rises to 95 percent of the coal
sectors largesse this year so
what do you think the oil companies are
paying the Democrats for it's obvious
that they like the Republicans more
because the Republicans deregulate them
more that cut their taxes they let them
get away with endangering their workers
they love the Republican Party so why
bother giving 12% of the Democrats so
that you could buy their pathetic
compliance be a good boy okay Democratic
Party sit down and shut up and let the
Republicans do whatever they want and
then do your job go on a press
conference and say oh there was nothing
we could do
oh my god I mean I happen to take
millions of dollars from the fossil fuel
companies
I haven't only take 12 percent because
I'm an idiot and I happen to be a loser
and I'm paid to be a loser but when the
Republicans said that the fossil fuel
companies can do whatever they want
ecology there was nothing I could do
they are the Washington Generals to the
Republicans Harlem Globetrotters in
corruption by the way if you're a
Republican what are you celebrating if
you're a Republican vote are you
celebrating that the Republicans have
won the corruption game that they are
more corrupt now the Republican Party is
loathsome they're vomitus but we already
know their corruption I don't know
there's some Republican voters that are
out there denying her olio we're trading
the swamp yeah good luck with that horse
crap - but the Democratic Party pretends
to be on our side and for two months I
mean what a pathetic effort for two
months oh we will be principled for two
months and then we will turn our back on
you as always because our jobs to lose
how do you think taking 12% of the money
is going to lead to victories for you it
is going to lead to inevitable losses
here's a crazy idea I know you can't get
off the crack of donor money because it
goes into your pocket it was in the
pockets of the people who work at the
DNC there are lobbyists friends they're
consulted friends goes into all your
pockets but what does it lead to it
leads to permanent losses how could you
possibly win with 12% so the crazy idea
is don't take the money
run uncorrupted campaigns where you go
and tell the American people goddamnit
aren't you sick of the corruption
every single poll says yes god damn it
yes they're sick of the corruption that
message will light this country on fire
it'll work with independence they don't
even work with some Republicans because
they hate the corruption their voters
hate it right instead you're like I'm
gonna be just as corrupt but take less
money do you think there's a good
strategy no I think you're a goddamn
loser and corrupt am I being clear
enough so what do they buy what are the
results let's take a look because some
Democrats claim to really care about
climate change some don't even bother
but these were was a claim to care on
the national level most bills from
Democrats who purport to be Congress's
biggest climate hogs amount to half
measures either exempting major
polluters such as the meat industry
directing carbon tax revenues that could
be used to mitigate the effects of
climate change to lowering taxes of
course to serve their donors even more
or waiting until 2050 to end fossil fuel
use and that's the best proposals we
have the rest of the Democratic Party is
even worse shape barney frank once said
when being interviewed on The Young
Turks what do you want us to take none
of the banker money instead of 20% yes
Barney Frank you schmuck if you take 20%
of the donor money then you're in a 4-1
hole I don't know if you can do math
they're gonna outgun your 401 you're
always going to be in a permanent
minority status for what for their
crumbs you begged these donors for their
crumbs and then they get mad at me for
getting mad if you're not mad you're not
paying attention
Young Turks two easy ways follow young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
