so I just spent the weekend in Utah at a
Wolfpack yet together and so I spent
some good time with conservatives
because Wolfpack is nonpartisan and so I
beat up on conservatives all the time
let's keep it real right of course
everybody knows that and I think for
good reason and there's a lot that we
disagree on a lot that I get passionate
about and that's okay and that's good
that's a America that's democracy and
we're supposed to have a battle of ideas
etc but the one thing that I want to
make clear is that there is both a
really good thing about conservatives
and and how and there's one issue we
should not be divided on so the good
thing about conservatives is that they
are more skeptical of the mainstream and
they're more skeptical of politicians so
when Wolfpack volunteers go to talk to
people at their doors and they go to
Democratic voters are politicians
corrupt and they go to Republican voters
our politicians corrupt the Republican
voters more overwhelmingly both sides do
it but even more so for the Republicans
in the conservatives say yes they are
corrupt and they're right and your
natural distrust of the system and how
it is raped is also correct so and I
know why you get so frustrated by the
mainstream media because they keep
telling you pretty little lies about how
no no no no the politicians are
honorable people and and you're right no
they take donor money and they do as
they're told
so I like that distrust you're right
about that
don't lose that and I would argue
conservatives are more distrustful and I
know that that has led to some
conspiracy theories etc that drive me
crazy and that are not correct but guys
if you want the conspiracy so white out
in the open it's right there for you
politicians take millions in total
billions of dollars from the rich and
the powerful whether they're
multinational corporations or for
country's I'm not just talking about
Russia Saudi Arabia Israel our allies
sometimes our enemies it doesn't matter
and and also from incredibly wealthy
people here in the country and the media
tells you you're crazy if you think the
politicians then act based on the
millions of dollars they've gotten well
no no you're not the one who took the
crazy pill they're the one who took the
crazy pill and that's why they've lost
trust of the audience and of the
American people and they keep crying
about it like why why won't they believe
us because you say preposterous things
like it right now when I say the
politicians are dishonest almost
everybody in the country agrees with me
almost everyone on television disagrees
with me and they think that I'm uncouth
and uncivil for saying that but you
think they're giving millions of dollars
for their health no you think they give
millions of dollars because they care
about the country of course not they're
giving millions of dollars for as an
investment they invest in the
politicians and do the politicians do
what they want yes yes yes no matter how
much CNN MSNBC tell you and by the way
Fox News tells you for the Republican
Party that they don't that they're
honorable people and they're fighting
for you know they do exactly as they're
told
that's what the bribes are for and yes
they're bribes and yes core it's
corruption and so conservatives when you
don't believe the media on that and and
you're skeptical of the establishment of
the corruption you are right you are
right so that doesn't mean that I agree
with you on other things
I don't okay but on this issue we must
stick together we must so otherwise we
have no chance otherwise the
establishment and the elite will rule us
forever okay so we'll we'll fight on
everything else
cons abortion budgets you name it let's
fight but on this we got to stick
together and we got to fight the
corruption together so you know what I
think I think wolf packs the right idea
wolf dash pack.com
you have money out of policy so
conservatives what's the one thing that
that fox news and in your propaganda
machine has lied to you about they tell
you Oh public financing is bad he gives
money to politicians no no the
politicians get money either way they
either get it from us or they get it
from really rich donors now if they get
it from us they might serve us if they
get it from the rich donors you know
they're serving the rich donors that's
the conspiracy and they're not even
hiding it it's not Q it's not a non it's
not this it's not that it said they just
give them bags of money they give them
bags of money we used to call that a
bribe but now CNN tells you no no no
it's not a bribe it's it's wonderful and
they're honest politicians who don't
care about the millions of dollars that
were given to them lies it's not true I
don't know if that you're intentionally
lying or unintentionally lying it's not
important when Fox News tells you don't
do public financing because that costs
money are you insane you know how much
money it saves just the top 200
corporations they gave to politicians
between 2010 and 2015 got been gave five
point eight billion dollars they didn't
give six billion dollars for their
health they're not allowed to they did
it for a profit you know how much they
got back in taxpayers supporting
subsidies four point four trillion
dollars that's where the real money is
you privately financed elections and our
politicians serve private interests on
that one don't let Fox News lie to you
don't let Rush Limbaugh lie to you okay
you publicly financed elections and they
might just might work for us and the
amount that it costs the publicly
financed elections is nothing it's
nothing compared to the trillions of
dollars that they're robbing us of our
hard-earned taxpayer money year in year
out the elites yes who are the elites
you see the politicians corrupt
conservatives you are right who do you
think corrupted them who do you think
the elites are those are the donors the
donors that give the money to the
politicians so that they are do as they
are told
so understand what the real problem is
and the private financing otherwise they
will always work for their those private
interests and those donors call it what
it is it is corruption it is legalized
bribery so let's fight on everything
else but conservatives and progressives
I care about this country you got to
come together for the sake of democracy
and end the corruption so wolf dash
pack.com but if there's a conservative
group out there like take back our
republic that represents you better in
all of your views then work with them
okay but whatever you do if we don't get
the money out they're gonna serve their
donors for the rest of time and that's
the corruption that you feel in your
bones that's keeping you down that has
rigged the system you are right they did
rigged this system and the people who
did it or obvious it's the people who
bought our politicians
