all right as usual Donald Trump is
unhinged about the investigation that
the special counsel has against them so
it's gonna be in a series of tweets and
then Jerry Falwell Jr is gonna join in
but it does take an extra maniacal twist
here so first he starts on whatever
lunatic conspiracy is on today he says
what the big story that the fake news
media refused to report his low life
Christopher Steele's many meetings with
Deputy Attorney General
Bruce org and his beautiful wife Nellie
let's just pause why did he just mention
the guy's wife and how attractive she is
he's the President of the United States
that we've gotten used to but could you
imagine if Obama in the middle of a
tweet was like look I think what's
happening here is in effect in
efficacious so that's kind of words that
Obama would use by the way the guy I
don't like his wife is really hot right
anyway it's Donald Trump but let's get
to the main event so a bunch of nonsense
conspiracy lunatic things okay I hate
the FBI I hate the rule of law I hate
law enforcement I got it but then here
comes an interesting part he says at the
end of this series of two tweets he says
I have never seen anything so great in
my life our Attorney General is scared
stiff and missing in action it is all
starting to be revealed not pretty
witch-hunt etc right he just said that
his own attorney general of course Jeff
Sessions a scared stiff and missing in
action
now I know that he's attacked Jeff
Sessions before and I know that we've
gotten used to a president attacking his
own Attorney General which previously
was maniacal unheard of unprecedented if
you don't like your Attorney General you
would do that in private and you might
want to actually take some action and
fire him if it was legitimate the reason
he's not firing him because it would
look politically because it is but let
it go because he said it over and over
again it's about his the Attorney
General letting an investigation of the
president continue which by the way is
his job I've got a million problems with
Jeff Sessions
leaving he's doing right is actually
enforcing the law and letting the
special counsel continue but I mean it's
just okay it's but now he says that he's
missing in action and he's scared stiff
okay so if you don't know by the way one
of the reasons that he's doing this
other than because he can't help himself
is that and it's like he shouldn't do it
as a matter of optics because it looks
like he's trying to do obstruction of
justice which is exactly what he's
trying to do but one of the reasons he's
doing it is to try to drive Jeff
Sessions out make the job so intolerable
that out of pride he quits so then he
could go okay great now I'll put in Rudy
Guiliani or whatever hack to make sure
that they fire the Deputy Attorney
General that and fire the special
counsel and then I'll go no no no no no
no no we're just being fair and honest
right and to his credit Jeff Sessions
won't quit he's okay I call me a name
you're like I'm not quitting sad day for
you okay so god bless I can't believe
I'm about to say this side this
sentence god bless Jeff Sessions for
that I mean these are crazy times Jeff
Sessions and I do not agree on anything
okay now extra layer of crazy Jerry
Falwell Jr comes in these are the guys
who pretend to care about morality and
Christianity's so-called evangelical
leader of course they care about no such
thing is the guy who posed with Donald
Trump in Donald Trump's office with a
cover of the Playboy with Donald Trump's
face on it right next to them in the
picture of course you know all of Donald
Trump's immorality and Falwell doesn't
care and enthusiastically supports them
but now he comes in with this insane
tweet he says are there any grown-ups
with integrity left in the Department of
Justice okay good question I mean that
the people enforcing the rule of law
hold on let's keep going he said when I
was a kid I watched Republicans joined
Democrats the force Nix it out okay so
far so good at Greece so I guess he's
saying that the Republicans should do
their job and and their oath to the
Constitution and make sure they enforce
the rule of law right
it then takes a turn now Democrats won't
join Republicans to lock up Comey Lynch
or Rosa Stein struck Hillary Clinton
Barack Obama and maybe even Jeff
Sessions despite damning evidence the
lunatics are running the asylum this
leader of the evangelical community is
saying we should lock up former
President Barack Obama and Hillary
Clinton and that Democrats should join
the Republicans in locking them up with
actually no evidence at all
nothing based on absolutely nothing and
that they should lock up Rosenstein
which is Trump's Deputy Attorney General
but then on top of that the cherry on
top is now Trump's friends and allies
are saying we should imprison his own
Attorney General we can't get used to
this this is this is insanity defined we
have a president who is mentally
unstable and a bunch of fascist allies
who will do anything and yes literally
lock up their political opponents and
trample upon the rule of law and make
sure that they are not investigated and
that they will go to the opposite
extreme that not only do they stop their
own investigation but they start an
investigation on their opponents the
people that were actually following the
law in the first place and even lock up
their own Attorney General because he
won't do their political bidding for
them if you're Jeff Sessions your any of
his former colleagues in the Senate
you're another Republican are you sure
they're not gonna come for you one day
they will lock up anybody that stands in
their path and they don't care about the
law they don't care about loyalty they
don't care about
