there were 13 races on Tuesday night for
the just Democrats 12 had been decided
and we went we've added 500 went got six
wins six losses wrong seven wins six
losses what
okay Sarah Smith election in Washington
ninth has been called she moves on to
the general election get it okay she was
down by three points they took forever
to count and she was very common they
were gonna win I said on yesterday's
program like I don't know as you might
know something I don't know I don't know
why she's so confident apparently she
did know something I didn't know
and furthermore I'd also like to say yes
okay so it is going to be two Democrats
in the general election in Washington's
ninth district Adam Smith versus Sarah
Smith Smith V Smith so and now in the
ninth district you have a wonderful
option in a worst case scenario you have
an establishment Democrat like Adam
Smith in a wonderful scenario but
totally uncorrupted progressive with
deeply progressive positions that that
district agrees with and that takes no
corporate PAC money so final results
someone call Politico just as Democrats
actually won more than they lost on
Tuesday night they don't like that okay
so almost all outlets talking about the
quote-unquote failures of the
progressive movement on Tuesday
apparently winning more than you lose is
in their minds of failure so that we're
painful losses but there were some
excellent victories including now Sarah
Smith Sarah thank you for taking us over
the top and getting us to more victories
and losses an excellent campaign and
please support her and all other just
Democrats that won in the general
election let's go beat those Republicans
in corporatists two easy ways to follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
