and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more fox news
is known to go after undocumented
immigrants they have essentially painted
them all as members of ms-13 people that
are dangerous people who are serve a
threat to US citizens but recently on
Laura Ingram's program on Fox News she
decided to not only talk about the
threat of undocumented immigrants but
her perceived threat of legal immigrants
as well take a look because in some
parts of the country it does seem like
the America that we know and love
doesn't exist anymore massive
demographic changes have been foisted
upon the American people and their
changes that none of us have were voted
for and most of us don't like from
Virginia to California we see stark
examples of how radically in some ways
the country's changed now much of this
is related to both illegal and in some
cases legal immigration that of course
progressives love so look we warned the
audience before that the Trump
administration is not only targeting
undocumented immigrants in the United
States but they're also going after
documented immigrants people who are
here legally Stephen Miller is pushing
for a proposal that would essentially
penalize immigrants who are here with a
green card if they've ever used any type
of government program even if they have
a disabled child who needs some you know
government help they also plan on going
through the documents of individuals who
have become citizens to decide whether
or not there was any fraud committed in
those documents and then they would
essentially overturn the citizenship of
these individuals and you know the Trump
administration has been so competent in
dealing with you know immigrants who
seek asylum in the United States I'm
sure that they would handle that
situation perfectly look this is a
complete and utter you know disaster if
you believe in the real point of America
you
this is horrible in so many different
levels but I just want to quickly point
to one other thing and maybe this is
hitting below the belt but I don't care
at this point Laura Ingraham did do one
wonderful thing she adopted children
from other countries so she has two
children from Russia and she has one
child from Guatemala
so she took a child from Guatemala who
needed a home and became a mother to
that child which is great but she made
that Guatemalan who is not white an
American citizen so how would your child
feel once that your child grows up and
understands who you really are as a
person how would that child feel
watching that segment and hearing what
you just said about massive demographic
changes I mean it's just disgusting and
and you know Ana she said nobody voted
for this and you didn't have a choice in
it well we didn't vote on you bringing
kids from Guatemala to America either
now we as progressives love that you did
that and appreciate that you did that
whether it's Guatemala or otherwise is
to take a child who needs a home and
give one is a terrific thing to do but
we didn't vote on it and that's okay we
don't have to vote on it and by the way
in a sense we did vote on it because we
allow that kind of adoption and we did
vote on immigration because the legal
immigration you're now arguing yes is
all passed by laws that we in fact did
vote on yeah now when you talk about
amnesty we also voted on that in this
sense because we voted for Ronald Reagan
which you tell us this great the person
who did amnesty
not what you guys call amnesty pathway
to citizenship etc actual amnesty was
Ronald Reagan you the people that voted
for him voted for amnesty and and and
partly voted for the laws that you are
now saying we didn't vote for and didn't
want apparently you did and also I mean
first Valora Ingrid makes makes me like
Ann Coulter because it there's also the
issue of yes her being two-faced about
her her family situation which in a
position of having such a massive
audience you know being on Fox having a
growing audience how
the demographic you have you can
actually use that for good now that's
those indices because the demographic of
the ratings segment but but also she's
also instilling that kind of additional
sort of from the Trump administration
from the mouthpiece of what's going on
against people that live here instilling
fear in people that her audience Fox's
audience might be engaged with maybe
other people have adopted people maybe
they have relatives maybe they've been a
part of the fabric of a changing America
which is a good thing which is a
progressive thing which is a positive
thing economically and socially and
culturally for a long time I mean it's
it's all about the paranoia of the
others and and I really want you guys to
remember the phrase that she used
massive demographic changes that's
important because she is gonna attempt
to walk back her statements after she
received some backlash oh and I do think
that like when Laura needs to go on
vacation they will just roll in a giant
whistle a dog whistle and just like blow
a fan through it and
for like you know however long this is
fairly an hour
right along the show is great and it's
just interchangeable because FoxNews
right now is just the president doesn't
have a mouthpiece he is a dog whistle to
white people appealing to their most
base lizard brain racist fears about a
country that never actually existed in
the first place this whole idea of
getting back to like some kind of like
white America of yesteryear doesn't
exist okay because we are on actually
colonized land and on top of that Irish
people weren't white okay so like what
are we talking about this is our nation
is in this sounds I'm sounding I've
never been more patriotic you guys and
like under Trump like have wait can we
all agree I mean like oh god now I got a
defend but like our nation is
aspirational man like we're trying to
actually become a more perfect union as
they say grow freedoms grow equality and
make this a place where yeah we can
abide by laws and norms of course but
that actually is inclusive and not
fascist
what are the things that I'm coming
across a lot on on online forums and I
find it fascinating and it's like a dark
hole that you end up falling into and
you kind of wish you never went there
but there's an increasing group of
people I don't know what the statistics
are but there are people who are
concerned that whites are becoming a
minority that they do need to stick
together they need to have as many
children as they can they need to
repopulate the United States because
their fear is if we become the minority
then we will be treated as viciously as
minorities have been treated by white
Americans you know historically speaking
and it's just an engine it's you're
right it's this weird lizard brain fear
of the others they're gonna be vicious
to us they're gonna come after us
they're gonna do all these terrible
things to us these are people who are
coming into the country or have been in
the country by the way who want to be
productive members of society who
haven't caused any damage
I mean study after study looks into
immigrant communities in the United
States to compare them to other non
immigrant communities to see if there's
an uptick in violence when immigrants
and and case after case shows that that
is not what's happening
you know ms-13 developed here in the
United States like let's keep it real
that ms-13 wasn't imported into the
United States ms-13 was exported from
the United States but I mean this is all
information that doesn't sit well with
the aging white demographic that watches
fox news that loves this paranoia a
couple of small points and then I think
probably the most important point in why
she actually outed herself and said this
small point sir look the Aryan Nation is
a giant gang within America it's
particularly in the American prison
system perhaps maybe the largest gang in
the prison system if we wanted to talk
about that and demagogue on that and
talk about oh my god oh they're killing
your kids are killing people they're
doing this you could find hundreds of
examples of murder and mayhem etc from
Aryan Nation but there and and there
from start in the United States ms-13
started in the United States so why pick
ms-13 instead of Aryan Nation because
you want a demagogue against a
particular minority group no but also
I'm sorry Jane but like point of
clarification the like largest growing
number of domestic terrorism acts have
been by white nationalist organizations
and like anti-government shows militias
exactly and and that is well documented
so again like we should be focusing on
groups like the Aryan Nation but we're
not and it's upsetting also that you
know sort of mainstream liberal outlets
are not either
Brennan frequently and it's also there
are and talked about this before there
are economic reasons why it is sort of
easy for Laura Ingraham to say the stuff
that she says to the audience of Fox you
know that there are actual economic
things going on country we can actually
focus on and we can try and fix and they
have to do with actually progressive
economics and they don't have to do with
vilifying a group of people that isn't
actually producing anything negative on
any statistic in any sort of aggregate
way to make a group of white people who
are seventy six percent of the
population festival you know okay about
themselves immigrants pay in
to our system and they pay taxes they
get taxes paid taking out and they don't
necessarily get to take advantage I mean
like the amount that they take advantage
of our social substitution security
systems right or which would be like tax
right all the things that they actually
are taken out of their paychecks and
what happens okay yes maybe they go to
emergency room services once in a while
okay so look and we never learned from
history it's not just slavery in the
civil rights era and Jim Crow and all
that it's also the discrimination we did
against as Francesco's pointing out
earlier against the Irish and the
Italians it's always the others so when
are you going to ever learn that the
others one day become Irish and Italians
who are like the most American people
now according to popular Lord set or one
day baby we keep going it'll be Latinos
doing it to other people going oh my god
what Latinos are obviously American but
the honors how many times you have to
see this movie so now the most important
point is the spectrum of the dog whistle
there Francesca was referring to so in
the past the Republicans used the
Southern Strategy and that was a dog
whistle and so that was a way of
appealing to at the time during the
civil rights era the indisputably racist
people in the South who wanted to
segregate the races and have water
fountains for what they called color
people etcetera sunny you know the whole
history of it and they in the Nixon and
Buchanan and all those guys ran the
Southern Strategy and it was a dog
whistle they didn't have to say hey were
against Benward he didn't have to say
were yes by people people knew exactly
what they were talking about when they
said code words like states rights okay
so now we have the all right today
having a debate about whether they
should go I have a rally this weekend
and where should they wear the Nazi
armbands or should they not wear the
Nazi armbands or is that too obvious of
a bullhorn if you will right well we
shouldn't know if they didn't wear the
armbands
yeah and so in between the armbands and
the states rights codeword is a big
spectrum and what Donald Trump did was
he opened the door for more of people on
that spectrum to speak clearer and
clearer because in the apparently the
rest of the Republicans were being too
subtle
so Trump just said no the immigrants are
criminals and rapists and then he called
them subhuman and then he said they were
invest in it was an infestation and he
questioned whether Barack Obama was
really an American and and the list goes
on and out of all the different things
he did that were no longer dog whistles
that gave laura ingraham has actually
been doing this for decades
she used to be more subtle but because
of Trump everybody is used to stop using
the dog whistle go further on the
spectrum to a human whistle thank you so
that's why just to finish the thought
Laura then comes out and says okay I'm
not gonna be Sol anymore I'm gonna say
demographic changes yeah so because
demographic doesn't mean anything but
race that's exactly what it means and I
think it's a default the Republican
strategy I mean it is a revival of the
Southern Strategy and if Republicans are
not speaking out for their party this is
their de facto strategy and it's the
first time in that's well documented
that Romney and McCain and other
previous Republican candidates did not
do this kind they you know specifically
pander to white fear like Trump has done
and it's working for them and so if you
don't stand up and say no I don't
believe this
this is not our party then you're juice
this is de facto you're racist strategy
and so 2012 rent was the take away when
Obama won for a second term was we have
to actually have an inclusive party hey
there are Latinos who are conservatives
what do you know hey there are you know
African Americans who are conservatives
what do you know maybe we should
actually make this an inclusive party
and they didn't know it yeah so III do
want to get to Laura Ingram's attempt at
you know walking back her statements and
so the following day on her show she
addressed this she didn't address the
criticism that she's been
she actually addressed the number of
white supremacists in the United States
white supremacist organizations in the
United States who were applauding her
and essentially spreading her content
far and wide so here's what she had to
say that a message to those who are
distorting my views including all white
nationalists and especially one racist
freak whose name I will not even mention
you do not have my support you don't
represent my views and you are
antithetical to the beliefs I hold dear
the purpose of last night's angle was to
point out that the rule of law meaning
secure borders is something that used to
bind our country together and despite
what some may be contending I made
explicitly clear that my commentary had
nothing to do with race or ethnicity but
rather a shared goal of keeping America
safe and her citizens safe and
prosperous nothing to do with race or
ethnicity even though I very
specifically said massive demographic
changes which what does that mean what
is massive demographic changes she
didn't address that because she cannot
address that yeah two easy ways for
young turks one is hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
