the progressive revolution doesn't stop
when the live show ends join the home of
progressives and become a TYT member
today click the link below Saudi Arabia
has confirmed that Jamal K Shoji was
actually killed that day in the Saudi
consulate in Istanbul according to Saudi
state TV we have some more updates about
what they are apparently doing about it
the Saudis have apparently set up a
commission that is going to investigate
his death and they have given themselves
one month to make a report about it
they have detained 18 Saudi nationals
and they also have an explanation as how
that as to how the death actually
happened they are saying that he met
with some of these people in the
consulate there was a quarrel and a
physical altercation that led to his
death so reading between the lines they
are apparently stating that Jamal picked
a fight with this team of 15 Saudi
nationals that was dispatched from Saudi
Arabia to Istanbul and it was some sort
of coincidental unfortunate death that
happened this to me and this is just the
initial reporting I will admit that it
seems ridiculous the timeline they have
given themselves to figure out what
happened is insane but I will make a
prediction this feels to me like more
than enough cover for Donald Trump to do
absolutely nothing about this oh the
whole point was to do nothing about it
there was almost never any chance that
they were going to in hold the Saudis
accountable I mean how many times as
Donald Trump say oh they gave us 110
billion dollars and then first of all of
course not true is 14 and a half billion
big surprise that Donald Trump was done
in truth Pat Robertson said on TV the
other day
what's one person's life compared to all
that money I'm sure that's the same
thing Jesus would have said what a good
Christian he is and and so now Trump's
gonna go around that's it we asked them
to for accountability
they arrested at random 18 people who
will be scapegoated in Saudi Arabia now
and now their life is in danger and most
of them are probably had nothing to do
with this were in fact they're probably
enemies of the current leadership and
they're gonna use it as an opportunity
to probably kill them too oh yeah the
crown prince when he first showed up on
the scene as the crown prince decided to
arrest
had kill or exile anybody else who
possibly could have been a threat to his
power and so now what he's doing he's
gonna throw under the bus his head of
security for mucking all of this up
that's that that's the accountabilities
gonna happen is the person he relied on
to execute this is now the one he's
gonna throw under the bus which sounds
very trumpian to me right this is
exactly sorry this is what Donald Trump
would do you are useful until you're not
there's no sense of loyalty and as long
as you have the business relationship
that will trump anything else yeah no I
took the words right out of my mouth
it's exactly what Trump would do he get
you to do something stupid then turn
around and yell at you Oh dog well what
did you do such a stupid thing like tell
Julie I need to go make the ridiculous
defenses that's gonna get him in bigger
trouble they yell at him afterwards it's
it's his MO he does it almost every time
let's talk about who else he praises in
the world right I mean what I really
think that this is what he's telling us
he would like to be it's not just about
the military parade that he saw in North
Korea that he wants to see down
Pennsylvania Avenue he likes the idea
that the head of the President of the
Philippines Duterte is able to go out
and just kill people by calling them
drug workers like drug dealers that's it
you just count he likes the idea that
somebody is rioting against your you and
your rulership not the country right
like Ashoka was writing great things
about what Saudi people are capable of
that if somebody says something against
your rule robe assassins can come and
dismember you I think this is all
signals of the kind of country that
Donald Trump would like to see yeah is
there such a thing as a rogue assassin
it's the same thing as a person who
rolls in with a chain saws backup yeah
and so let's and let's come back around
to the central claim here in this
breaking news event that that there was
an altercation that went awry okay as if
khashoggi decided that he would take on
a group of 15 assassins and then while
getting a marriage registration
documentation produced yeah wait fiancee
waiting outside yeah and that those
assassins happen to come armed with a
bone saw
but like in case Beca that's not in case
while we're giving a marriage license to
this guy there's an he decides to try to
kill all 15 of us and we decide to kill
him in self-defense
maybe we should have a bone saw handy to
dismember him afterwards this in this
report right like how much Bowl is that
gonna be they have a month to come up
with whatever fancy words they want and
it's going I mean the investigation
didn't even start until they'd already
cleaned up all the blood in the place so
this is like this is classic Washington
elite speak let's let's do a working
group and get to the bottom of it let's
get a report and really figure this out
this is frustrating for a lot of reasons
I mean first of all this is definitely
going to lead to despots around the
world killing more journalists because
we will not respond in any way we won't
do anything I mean all the politicians
who've been doing great work trying to
put pressure on the administration to
cut those arms deals Bernie Sanders
calling for pulling out of support for
Saudis war in Yemen that will not come
to pass because Donald Trump has all the
power in this so more journalists will
be killed I mean he already he didn't
care when bombers dissidents and
journalists and just like the defending
freedom of press and expression right
which is still something that the rest
of the world doesn't do well in general
it's a signal he's sending to everybody
of you just do whatever you want in your
backyard you can kill people you can run
things however you want you can have the
Russians invading your country the
United States wants a bit of your money
but that's it we don't really have any
under under Trump we don't have any
broader goals of what the world should
look like and he's in complete denial
about the fact that we are
interconnected in a global society and
one of the most frustrating things is
this is ridiculous the Fox News cover on
this is going to be ridiculous and it is
going to be the most convincing thing
that has ever been said to Trump
supporters they will eat this up
yeah Jamaal went in there and he
attacked the entire consulate he went in
swinging and they had to kill the worse
it's gonna be even worse it's like well
he wrote some bad things about his ruler
sorry he's a savvy citizen tough luck
that's what happened he is amazing
though what he has been able to get
these supposed concert' like they they
now think vada Merton is a leader to
look up to Saudi Arabia is awesome so
they simultaneously they hate Muslims
more than anything in the world and
Saudi Arabia's that's the place to be
the most fundamentalist Muslim
government in the world extremist yeah
yeah yeah and they believe that yeah
they're awesome they they
gave passports and they have the
nationalities of 11 of the 9/11
hijackers all right like the thing that
made America hate the Muslim world Saudi
was indirectly if not directly
responsible for that yet
as long as Donald Trump says they're
cool and he's got a hotel in Riyadh
everything's good yeah now a note is
going around and we told you this ahead
of time I said look sad Arabia it's not
just their arms deal it's not just the
oil they have a alliance between us
satoru Rabia and Israel against Iran and
the Shia Muslims in the region okay that
Alliance is unbreakable they're gonna
cover this up no matter what in fact
they will soon start attacking Khashoggi
that's what we said when this story
happened and not only did they have they
started attacking khashoggi as we told
you yesterday on the show guy on CR TV
started calling them a radical Islamist
and they're like remember khashoggi is
Muslim what do we care right that's
basically the essence of it and all
Muslims are terrorists except Saudi
Arabia which actually does do the
terrorism they're not terrorists okay
innocent Muslims who are dismembered and
beheaded they are terrorists teni said
he's a terrorist sympathizer he's
against Israel wink wink all that stuff
happened now today there's a new story
about house the House GOP is sending out
talking points about how it was
khashoggi fault that he had it coming
okay so you guys are absolutely right
the conclusion of this is twofold one we
just sent a note to all the dictators
and dictator wannabes throughout the
world
it's okay kill anyone you like as long
as we get paid when we don't care at all
and the second note is to the
conservatives at home Muslims are
terrible except the worst most extreme
terrorist funding fundamentalist Muslims
in the world they're awesome
the ones that just beheaded someone
remember what you said about Isis and
all the reasons you hate Muslims hey
dobe
they just beheaded khashoggi they cut
his fingers like me what he was alive
and now you're applauding it because
your dear orange leader told you to
that's saying about the saddest thing
I've ever seen
thanks for watching this free clip of
The Young Turks don't forget to become a
TYT member today
for more exclusive content join now at
TYT dot-com /join
