and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more
Donald Trump is continuing his trade war
and his more recent target has been
Turkey so through a tweet he had formed
the American public that he has
increased the tariffs on Turkish
aluminum and steel he wrote the
following I have just authorized a
doubling of tariffs on steel and
aluminum with respect to Turkey as their
currency the Turkish lira slides rapidly
downward against our very strong dollar
aluminum.aluminum will now be 20% in
steel 50% our relations with Turkey are
not good at this time ok so I just want
to say one irrelevant thing before nomy
tells us the important stuff so he
always used the word strong and it's
hilarious and we were just talking off
air about how when he got out of Vietnam
because of the bone spurs that he
theoretically had he said I got a very
strong letter for my doctor saying I
have bone spurs why is that letter
strong it's a weakness that prevented
you from going to war so but in this
case a strong dollar actually does mean
something there is a strong dollar it
might be the only time he's ever used it
appropriately yes just by random like
proper nouns can we just say Trump has
no idea what a proper noun is and what
to capitalize and what not together ok
he didn't capitalize the a in aluminum
and aluminum in one of the last
sentences so no reason so basically
here's the thing we obviously he's
invoke these tariffs on steel on
aluminum and other things randomly he
invoked them then he sort of exempted
places like Canada and then he
unexamined he sort of been all over the
place like he has a bad moment a bad day
bad hair day whatever and he goes forth
with this so with the respect to Turkey
he's doubled
steel tariffs on Turkey now what does
that mean that means that turkey who is
actually and this is a fun fact about
Turkey they X they import they sorry
they export to us what comprises six
percent of our steel import so basically
they're they're number six on the list
there's Canada's number one and not too
far behind is Turkey so so doing this
actually does hurt Turkey but more than
that it hurts producers of Steel
everywhere it hurts users of Steel here
in the United States as well so for
example if you were a company that needs
steel to go and build your bridge all of
a sudden just because there is a higher
tariff on one component of where steel
comes from into the United States it
means all of the steel prices get
squeezed up and that means that your
plan to build that bridge has to be
rethought because now your expenses are
higher and the workers that were to get
involved maybe you don't need as many or
maybe you don't do the entire project to
begin with so there's a knock-on effect
for workers in the United States there's
a knock-on effect which there was this
morning and the markets through all of
the banks basically in Europe and in the
US because all of a sudden yes the lira
s as the president correctly pointed out
which was already down by thirty six
percent this year relative to the dollar
before he did this went down another 12
to 14 percent settled it down ten
percent that meant a lot of money came
out of Turkey which it could use for
other things and also meant a lot of
banks with exposure to Turkey got hit
and what that means is markets get hit
and what that means is people 401 K
money and markets and so forth get hit
so the knock-on effect of one little
tweet economically was to erase
potentially a lot of jobs a lot of value
and just because the United States can't
negotiate with Turkey for the release of
the pastor so they don't need steel
though cuz we're gonna build our bridges
out of coal okay but I have a question
for you and I've been trying to figure
this out on my own and you're more of an
expert on this than I am so when do
tariffs make sense because I do think
that it's a nuanced issue I think that
in some cases tariffs might make sense
the way that Trump is doing it is of
nonsensical but when would you say that
it would make sense to impose tariffs
well it might make sense in the use of
the real National Security Act which
he's just been bantering about to do
whatever he feels like it I mean if
there were a situation where there is a
danger it makes sense to to stop it or
to impose a tariff because it presents a
danger importing steel is not dangerous
and and so that but for the most part in
this economy it doesn't make a lot of
sense there are tariffs and there are
subsidies you can subsidize a component
of your workers or of your farmers or so
forth by the government to ensure that
they you know can make their next you
know a year that their crops you know
that we're hurt by weather you know that
potentially carry them through for
another year and so for there's ways to
subsidize but to create tariffs in a
sort of malicious way which is how he is
using the tariffs simply incurs
uncertainty on every level in every
country it is kurz uncertainty
immediately it's not like the tariff
that will you know it's not a year it
goes on it's like immediately it chokes
companies that chokes workers
potentially so it isn't good to be used
right now and there was one national
security threat and that was ZTE and
that's ironic we've though one company
that Trump actually helped to get back
into the American market all the
intelligence agencies were saying don't
do that with telecommunications company
in China and finally there is what he
says and there's the reality so he
called Canada and national security
threat how preposterous to do tension in
this case is it really because the lira
went down or is there some other
political dynamic behind the scenes to
punish Turkey for something they didn't
like and using the lira as an excuse
that is far more likely but we don't yet
know what the real reason is that he's
attacking this particular country the
lira going down is not a national
security risk
it completely isn't so so conflating all
of those things basically means he
forgot the reason why he is even able to
unilaterally do this and not go through
Congress
two easy ways folly on Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
