and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more a
federal judge has halted the deportation
of a mother and her daughter and has
essentially told jeff sessions that she
will or he will hold him in contempt of
court if he goes through with this
deportation so this all started with the
good work of the ACLU the American Civil
Liberties Union filed a lawsuit
challenging sessions decision to refuse
Asylum based on claims of domestic and
gang violence attorneys for the ACLU and
the Justice Department reached an
agreement to stay one plaintiff's
deportation until the hearing now there
was a recess and Jeff Sessions decided
not to not to honor that stay so during
the recess ACLU attorneys learned that
the plaintiff known in court papers as
Carmen and her daughter had been removed
from a detention center and were
potentially on their way to the San
Antonio Airport so there was reason to
believe that they were on their way back
to El Salvador now this is when the
federal judge comes into play DC
District Judge Emmett Soler Sullivan
threatened to hold sessions in contempt
of court as he halted the deportation
process the mother and daughter were
already on a plane and luckily it never
even landed in El Salvador they came
back to the United States the judge was
quoted as saying this is pretty
outrageous that someone seeking justice
in US Court is spirited away while her
attorneys are arguing for justice for
her so luckily the right thing happened
here we finally had a check and a
balance on power in the executive branch
and so we'll see how this all turns out
but if it weren't for the ACLU or this
federal judge that mother and daughter
would already be in El Salvador and just
the fact that this is the Attorney
General the United States I mean it is
jeff Sessions as well but this is the
Attorney General the United States
circumventing law obstructing justice
that's right and and and and also just
one of the good things that came out of
this and by this judge is that it
the entire argument of being sort of
anti-gang and anti like all these people
that supposedly come here and create all
this crime here because they are coming
to seek asylum and that's a no also so
it's like we are we're basically saying
that you were doing all these negative
things and if you're trying to seek
asylum from the negative things that we
are talking about we're also gonna take
that away from you so this is on so many
levels a really ballsy decision well
they'll slander these asylum seekers as
the gang members when in reality they're
the people who are trying to escape the
gangs right and and that's what that's
how this Asylum cases right it's gang
violence because of course domestic
violence now no longer on the list of
reasons you can apply for asylum but
yeah if it was a gang then maybe you
made it up I don't know it's it's
basically the u.s. I mean I think I
think the United States is basically
saying hey we can be just as bad as
those gangs you're gonna you're gonna
fear us just as much yeah and and of
course it's incredibly similar to the
Syrian refugees who are running from
Isis we say our terrible Isis's and when
they're running from them we go no we're
not gonna take you and were to call you
the same as Isis which is such a
inhumane and terrible thing to do and of
course antithetical to everything that
American traditions was were supposed to
be read what's on the Statue of Liberty
we're supposed to be accepting of this
is also enforcing the rule of law which
this administration has a lot of trouble
with and then finally my favorite part
it's just a badass part when the judge
said turn the plane around two easy ways
for the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
