hey guys we hope you enjoyed this free
clip of aggressive progressives on The
Young Turks this is just a preview of
what you will receive with TYT
membership that means exclusive
interviews panel discussions and more of
jimmy and of course me check out this
next clip and if you like what you see
you can access full episodes of
aggressive progressives by becoming a
member
head to TYT comm slash join now
everybody welcome to aggressive
progressives I'm Jimmy Dore I were back
from Italy we're gonna talk about it I'm
here with the Steve oh hi Steve how are
you
sup guys also here is the reason agent
ragin agent and also the miserable
liberal is here steps ever I know is
miserable
yes yes and of course we always like to
start off the show with my computer we
always like to start it off like this
you know guys like jimmy dore for
example yes you know jimmy dore talks
about a lot of things that you'll never
hear if you flick on the TV on the on
the cable news channels and has very
interesting conversations and bringing
facts and different things to life that
people don't otherwise feel like they
have access to start every show like
that for the rest of my life has it be
my pin tweet he doesn't just start a
shows with that he starts his days well
i believe it he's sitting the toilet
just watching this on playing a doll
hooked up speakers all through my house
so we were in italy and we had never
been we'd never taken a real vacation
even we took one real vacation before we
went to mexico city and we were sick the
whole time we both got altitude sickness
which cuz mexico city is 7,000 feet in
the air i didn't really know that so we
took a real vacation we went to italy i
was under the weather most of the time
but i still managed to have the best
time now here's the first thing i you
notice a lot about your own country when
you go to another country absolute right
you don't really know your hometown do
you leave it right so we left we went to
italy and here we are if you go to my
computer here we are looking over rome
and that's a beautiful shot of the city
now what you notice there is there's no
Trump Tower right there's no where's the
Sears Tower where's the thing where's
the Liberty bit there's none of that
where's the it all these buildings are
hundreds of years old if not older and
you don't miss the modern buildings I
didn't miss them whatsoever there's no
skyscrapers in Rome and that's a
beautiful thing right I didn't rub it
didn't think of
until I got there then I get there I'm
like others no and and so now you
understand where those people have a
sense of history unlike we do in the
United States and they understand the
tyranny of oligarchs and how money often
they've had to fight against it and by
the way Italy's a younger country that I
even thought it didn't get reunified
until like a hundred and fifty years ago
so it was they've always been the Turks
and the Greeks and the Italians so and
the Moors so anyway it was very
interesting also how they organize their
society right in our in our United
States there is no organization to our
society people aren't organized which is
exactly how the older guards wanted
oligarchs are organized worldwide you
know who isn't the people workers so in
Italy they have but their neighborhoods
are all centered around plazas which is
a square it's like a town square they
often have a fountain in the middle with
steps people sit there and talk to each
other and congregate and they'll have
that you go out on a Saturday now you
see the young kids smoking cigarettes
kicking soccer balls the old guys
playing checkers families walking and
strolling interacting with each other in
the town square
having a cappuccino at the cafe that's
on the town square
and why is that important well because
they get to commiserate with each other
they actually talk to each don't even
sit in our porches in America anymore to
even see our neighbors they all talk to
each other all the time and what do you
get out of that health care that's what
you get you get universal health care
you get to exchange ideas with each
other guess what we're being screwed
over so they don't have anything like
that in America we don't like the kids
are at home playing video games right
and and then and then if they're not
they're out driving around their cars
drinking until they're 21 because they
gave nowhere to go or do so that was a
big deal it was kind of a revelation for
me about being in Italy now Steve you've
been to Italy did you have any of those
revelations well yes
I don't know that hanging out together
results in healthcare but but III hear
what you're saying there's definitely
more of a communal feeling in many other
parts of the world
in the US and I'm speaking on macro
level gross generalities of course
there's much more of an emphasis on
individualism there's a myth around the
rugged individualism of American society
doing up my own do it on your own you
you go out west
yeah pave your own way bootstraps around
all that stuff and this is a country
where supposedly if you work really
really hard and believe in yourself that
nothing can hold you back except that's
it's not true at all so you know out of
the thousands out of the masses some do
make it and then we use those as
examples see he did it why can't the
rest of you right except the system is
is created such a way that only one or
two can make it right that's the whole
point that is the winner-take-all system
and in other countries it's more of a
communal situation where you win
together you lose together you're you're
you're in it together
now there's some good and bad to both
obviously I think overall the more
communal approach is better but you know
someone are somewhat argue that that the
individual you know you know me myself
and I we're gonna I'm gonna take it all
kind of attitude
Spurs more innovation it you know it
gets to greed and individuals to to go
out there and do everything they can so
they can win it all right into the night
people healthcare yes
yeah right yeah that's the beginning of
it where's our innovation on health care
we know where we're better the
innovation is only on on making problem
making profit and amassing massive
wealth right that's what you're into
America is the best place right so all
the big companies in the last what 20 30
years they've all grown out of the out
of the u.s. from Amazon Google and and
everything else is Tesla you know all
the SpaceX all of it seems to go out of
the US I'm sure there's other companies
growing out of Europe and Asia that
we're not as familiar with which would
you know for there's Ali vodka yeah
which is the which is the Amazon of
China yeah Asia yeah so so it's really
true I mean just once more example in my
parents around a 7-eleven store when I
was growing
and you know back then we had the
serpent machines behind the counter into
order at the counter what you wanted and
in the crane culture if I'm you know if
I'm taking my children I don't ask them
what they want I just get him whichever
flavor I feel like ordering and they eat
and they eat it and they like it they
don't like it that sad day for them we
move on with their lives but you know in
America the emphasis on the individual
so you know these you know parents and
grandparents asked like a little two
three four year-olds honey what flavor
do you want like that and then the kids
stare and that I I don't know the red
wine experience the blue one and the end
and you know like Koreans have this like
you know we don't have the patience but
come on chop-chop order and get out of
here right the dry it used to drive my
parents crazy they're like why do
Americans ask their little kids if they
want the coca-cola Slurpee
but cherry Slurpee or the Pina Colada
what does a kid know the kids happy with
anyone just buy and go right which I
thought was kind of an interesting
observation because yeah it's true in
America there is a real strong emphasis
on individuals individual rights and
it's not always bad it's also also good
but there can be some negative
consequences especially it comes to
capitalism and economics well you know I
was just thinking about the whole idea
of how the Piazza is where we're like
bring people together and like what we
have we have the growth you know like
the Grove was built and we're like oh my
god we can go strolling around and not
buy stuff right like so we got that
pretend capitalistic you know experience
you know we have it at the Americana
which is like oh my God look how pretty
oh that's fake grass so like we have
these things that are fabricated to give
us that impression as community I think
you're absolutely right stuff I mean the
for those who are on other groves it's
very high-end outdoors mall here in the
United here in LA but all over the
United States
we have malls shopping centers that is a
place where people congregate and you
walk around and there's a little
fountain inside the mall somewhere okay
there's food place I mean that is our
version of the Piazza yeah of Italy and
again being American it's all
about capitalism yeah go to the mall bye
bye-bye
you know yeah yeah that is amazing a
great point
thank you I also wanted to show you I
don't know how they do it over there but
the food is is is much much much better
like I kept eating so here's something
that I would eat almost every day the
caprese salad right so it's just a
little basil tomatoes and mozzarella now
in America I have to put some balsamic
on it some olive oil some salt and some
pepper I got to get some flavor on there
somehow you don't need to put anything
on there I would just eat that like it
is and it was the most flavorful thing I
was convinced that they were putting
sugar in the tomatoes I'm like so you
guys are injecting sugar and the
tomatoes as you grow them how are you
doing it was it's amazing the flavor
that would just explode in my mouth when
I would put and then that mozzarella too
was unlike any mozzarella I pad here and
I've had fresh made and so one time when
I were in Positano we order a beer we
order two beers we're sitting in this
hotel lobby right on the ocean and this
is what they brought us here's two beers
and then they bring us this bowl of
Olives look at that beautiful of all
olives and those were fantastic and then
those there was some shelled nuts a bowl
of shelled nuts and then a bowl of bunch
shelled pistachios right there in a
minute that was for you that was for
your beer the beers were five bucks each
and the guy who brought it to us got
health care they know how to live in
Italy they know how to eat and here's
something we had for breakfast when we
were in Rome every day if every day
would go right down the street to this
place where a lot of Romans were eating
Italians and they we'd get that figured
what they called that sandwich the parar
whatever the Parsee anyway it's just a
Nomi
yeah it's just a caprese salad sandwich
on bread if that bread is so crunchy on
the outside and on the interest melts in
your mouth so it's not chewy at all but
it gives you exactly what you want and
you know why because there's only three
ingredients in there bread in Italy in
the United States the greed it's long
it's Alyssa P long as your arm list of
ingredients just that simple sandwich I
don't know what they're doing and well
every boy I would go they would say it's
because we haven't let Monsanto take
over our production of our food right so
we've screwed over our land in the
United States by putting chemicals in
and for decades and generations over
there they haven't done that which is
they that's why they say everything
there
tastes better so here for instance the
last night there we wandered into a
place called OB Co which was on the
Piazza Navona oh I think was where it
was and we just sat down for dinner and
it was a mozzarella restaurant they make
their own mozzarella and they make their
pizza here let me show you this pizza
so that pizza was called naples style
pizza and what they do is they let the
dough rise for 48 hours and that makes
the crust extra airy and crispy at the
same time so it's like no crust you've
ever had anywhere why would you make a
piece of any other way that was after a
full meal by the way we had was I had
lasagna stuffed had some chicken I
ordered one of those pizzas it was
unbelievable could not stop eating it it
was the best answer they're making
gelato and again it was amazing gelato
we had some afterwards it was fantastic
here's a woman making pasta so that was
that pasta for two nada
and it was the Fortunato family and
her mother used to make the pasta on her
grandmother and now she makes it and her
sons also work in the restaurant as
waiters and there she is making hand
rolled fresh pasta right there then you
order it and eat it right at your table
and it is amazing wait that's better
than getting a love garden hosta made
it's a factory miles and miles away
that's then frozen or dried out and
shipped and sits there forever and they
use a cheap sing green as possible and
crank it out at you know $2.99 per plate
and feed the masses it's not it yeah
it's it's surprising better than that
it's better yeah isn't that surprising
and so here's a here's a young man
Antonis he's a fan of the show and he as
he's a photographer there and he gives
like these photographer tour he teaches
people how to take better pictures while
they're in Rome if you're a photographer
and so he sat down and he told us he
said you know when I was telling you
about why does everything taste better
and he was telling me that it's because
we only use three ingredients you know
like if you want to make bread it's
three ingredients when I was in the
United States I bought bread there was a
list of ingredients as long as my arm
like what is all this stuff in your
bread and why does it ask the last four
three weeks if I want bread I or I buy
it I eat it if I need some more tomorrow
I buy it again because they walk out
their house and there's the stores right
there you know you don't have to get in
your car and drive to Walmart ten miles
away and say it it's not how it works
there so he said if I want to eat
I don't buy a bag of oranges I buy an
orange or two and I hate them and when I
want another one tomorrow I buy another
one and so they don't have this shelf
life issue and they don't have all these
chemicals in Monsanto hasn't infected
their ground and so everything tastes
better they lived life at a different
pace and and yeah so as I will speak
about that for a second I said travel
quite a bit to Italy because in my prior
job before I joined the Young Turks of
all things I was in the handbag industry
mm-hmm and and I had a designer who
lived in Italy he lived in Modena it's
nice to go there all the time Malden is
where they do the balsamic vinegar oh oh
yeah Modena oh that's how I pronounce it
but it's pronounced at about a nod to
pronounce it yeah and then right nearby
is also the Ferrari factory uh-huh
I think he can only go that if you
actually own a Ferrari Ferrari okay
but yeah so my designer he's actually an
American but he lived in Italy for 30 40
years so he's essentially Italian and he
said the same thing he said in Italy
Costco failed Costco failed everywhere
because I mean I like Costco here in the
US but it's just not a Costco culture
there like you said you don't go by a
huge bulk of of items and he thinks it
is absolutely insane
that Americans go to place at Costco and
Walmart they buy frozen foods
yeah we're made somewhere else God knows
when right and then they they buy a
whole bunch of it and they stick into
their freezer at home or the second
freezer in the garage right leave it
there for another few more months and
then eat it that's crazy talk right it
is so he had his office where he had a
bunch of people designing handbags all
day but around 2:30 or 3:00 o'clock
they're done and then he would just walk
home and as he walks home he would walk
through the the market the market is
gorgeous
yeah just gorgeous like every single
piece of fruit vegetable the fish the
meat or all of it looks just perfect
they're not plucked too soon because
they have to buy it sit in the truck for
a week as they travel over there pluck
when they're ripe and they're only good
for like a day or two yeah
peak freshness and and rightness and
tastefulness right that's how that's how
they eat so in the US is really hard to
go shopping every single day after work
to make dinner that night that's almost
impossible so we live a much faster
paced life we just race home we maybe
get you know we get Chinese takeout we
stop at McDonald's we do all these
things there he has a home-cooked meal
every single day and one of the great
things that I learned when I trips is
his he has an offensive husband our
boyfriend made this incredible dinner
it was just Bronzino mediterranean sea
bass and he just put some olive oil and
some salt on it and and he has sliced
all these potatoes man had a layer of
potatoes drizzled olive oil salt put the
branzino on top of it and just through
the oven and cooked it for 20 minutes
making out perfect potatoes are
delicious the fish is delicious only
ingredients were salt olive oil and
managed and the fish and the potatoes
that's it excellent meal yeah they call
to find these days yeah oh really it's
really good Oh No kidding
well I just want to highlight that you
know people said you know oh now that
you're traveling did you notice anything
right and okay so what I happen to come
across an article that France had
decided and they made it illegal to
waste food which is amazing because they
talk about how the grocery stores would
put a lock on their bins of old food and
so people who were struggling and
starving had no access and so they're
really waiting it and now France is
really committed to not wasting food
yeah and even here like you talked about
that second refrigerator in your garage
trouble right they say a lot of reasons
that we are wasting food is because of
the size of our refrigerator yes they
say that if you have a bigger fridge
you're gonna waste food yeah and so
we're trying to actually switch but it's
just one thing I mean it's not like it's
all perfect over there either no there's
lots of corruption in there government
you have to pay to get stuff done my
unemployment yesterday have bad
unemployment now but that has more to do
with the eurozone
that there on the Euro just like what
they did to Greece and they're imposing
austerity now and they're blaming it on
refugees so you know we got to talk to
people about that so our policies of
bombing around the world which is
non-stop creates refugees by the
millions like all those people that we
created refugees in Iraq they have to go
somewhere so then they go to like
Germany or Italy and then when they have
an economic downturn they start to blame
the people with no money and power the
poor immigrants the refugees they blame
them too so just like we do in the
United States or blaming Mexicans again
again if your job got given to an
immigrant a gay mcgrann didn't take your
job a capitalist gave your job to
someone who he could pay less that's
what happened to your job and so that's
the same thing that's happening over in
Italy right now
damn so much so many refugees coming
there because of our bombing that they
can now threaten their own workforce hey
if you don't take it we'll pay you this
and if you don't take it get out cuz I
got a refugee coming to take your job
that's what capitalism does right so
they have the worst forms of it over
there right now same thing over here by
the way it's worldwide so they had did
you know they had an Occupy in France
they had occupy in Greece in Italy the
cops cracked their heads just like they
cracked their heads in the United States
so as Chris Hedges tells us the oleg
arts are organized they actually do talk
to each other they actually are
organized economically across the whole
world the banking system they're all
organized you know who's not the workers
and so they're they're getting squeezed
out like Airbnb czar squirt squeezing
people out of this city centers in Italy
just like they are here that's why when
you go to San Francisco nobody can
afford to live there because all the
rental properties are turned into Airbnb
and so now there's less rental
properties and when supply and demand
that the price goes up same thing
happening over there workers have to
keep moving out of the city centers
which is the same thing that's happening
here in the United States like you know
a teacher can't live in Manhattan a
teacher can't live in San Francisco they
have to ship those people in their
janitors their bus drivers right there
their maids their cooks they're chefs
they're teachers
they all have to be imported because
nobody can afford to live there and
that's that's the effect of unbridled
capitalism without regulation
you know this is Marx predicted what's
happening right now so capitalism is
eating itself it's eating so now you
have cities turning their infrastructure
over to private companies for a profit
but what happens when those cities don't
have anything left to sell off anymore
like their sewage system or their water
trip what happens they go they're done
and then also capitalism completely
collapses so capitalism is now eating
itself like Marx predicted and it's not
only happening in the United States it's
happening worldwide
we have special guest on the line it's
he's running for Congress in Florida's
23rd district against debbie Wasserman
Schultz now if you remember who debbie
Wasserman Schultz is she's the person
who cheated the progressive wing of the
party lied about it repeatedly and and
said she was neutral and she was not
right so we got outed that she was a
liar and a cheater and her punishment
was absolutely nothing because we don't
punish oligarchs in America anymore if
you stick up for the establishment right
but if you go against the establishment
you will be jailed right and so right
now we have the guy out who's running
against that kind of corruption as an
independent and he's gonna explain to us
why he's running as an independent it's
Tim Canova fighting progressive Tim
Canova hi Tim how are you buddy
either Jimmy doing very well I'll tell
you being on the campaign trail you get
kind of hungry I was working up an
appetite
now Tim tell us now you ran against MP
Wasserman Schultz before it was very
close even though you had everybody
coming against you and you actually did
very well to the point where it seemed
like there was some election fraud
happening so you asked to have the
ballots recounted and tell me what
happened after that yeah we put in
public records request to inspect these
ballots and the supervisor and it should
be an open-and-shut case under Florida
law and yet the Supervisor of Elections
of Broward County jerked us around for
over half a year I filed a lawsuit
finally while the lawsuit was pending
the supervisor destroyed all of the
ballots and those are violations of
federal and state criminal statutes she
admitted to it in videotape sworn
depositions and the Florida circuit
court granted a summary judgment which
really just opens us up to receive some
attorneys fees we're calling for a
criminal investigation and it's been you
know the sound of crickets nothing's
been happening so you got a judge to
agree with you that what what they did
by destroying the ballots was a against
precedent against protocol and it was in
fact illegal they're supposed to keep
those ballots and you had already filed
a lawsuit and they destroyed them
anyway which is totally legal in ten
different ways the judge agreed with you
so you expected after that that the head
of the elections in Florida which is a
Republican would probably do something
about it but they haven't done anything
about it and my theory is well what's
your theory why do you think they
haven't done anything about it well
we've looked into it enough and some
Republicans got back to us and told us
that these Republicans in Tallahassee
and even in Broward County they have the
same friends that debbie Wasserman
Schultz does and I'm like what do you
mean by that well it comes out to the
same corporate interests or backing
Wasserman Schultz and the Democrats that
are backing the Republicans and they
would really like this to just go away
they don't want to scandal they'd rather
have Wasserman Schultz stay in office
than a progressive like me and and they
just don't want too much scrutiny of
Halla the ballots are actually counted
here so what you're saying
Tim is that even though you have your
been correct you've been cheated it's
been proven that you were cheated in a
court of law judge agree with you that
they've destroying ballots was wrong and
illegal but the people who run the
elections in Florida even though they're
Republicans and you think they would be
against debbie Wasserman Schultz's
they're not doing anything to Debbie to
the people doing this stuff because they
have the same donors so debbie Wasserman
Schultz she works for the same people
that the her Republican opponent is and
they don't they want to screw you the
progressives so that old saying of
they'd rather lose to a Republican that
let every progressive win is because
they have the same donors and this is
playing out in real time in your
campaign it couldn't be more obvious
correct
it couldn't be more obvious and you know
this has been a pattern with Wasserman
Schultz throughout her career she headed
the DNC when the Democrats lost almost a
thousand legislative seats around the
country she headed something called the
red to blue committee to try to shift
red seats to blue and during that time
she actually supported two local
Republican members of Congress Ileana
Ross lightson and Mario diaz-balart who
actually thanked her in his victory
speech when he won so she has a history
of actually working against progressives
and Democrats even
and and favoring Republicans when it
suits her own needs you can always count
on Debbie to put her own self-interest
ahead of the party
ahead of the country and ahead of her
constituents so we've seen that play out
right now
there was the red tide so you're
battling the red tide in Florida now
the red tide is a naturally occurring
phenomenon in the oceans where it
produces a certain type of algae that
sucks oxygen out of the water and kills
a lot of the plant life plus fish but it
goes away once it hits sure it doesn't
last long and it normally goes away
except it's not going away
and it's and it's predicted to stick
around for another 18 months in Florida
and it's killing fish by the thousands
even manatees and things of that nature
and what the corporate media won't tell
you is that this is happening because of
agriculture right because of all the
chemicals that big sugar and our animal
agriculture are putting into the soil
that is then running off into the oceans
that's what they won't tell you and now
debbie Wasserman Schultz is complicit in
this - because she serves those people
who are doing the poisoning of the
environment correct yes Jimmy your
description was really fantastic
you know you have all of this
agricultural runoff coming down the
Mississippi into the Gulf of Mexico
that's feeding this red algae this red
tide at the same time you have similar
dynamic happening within the state of
Florida in Lake Okeechobee Wasserman
Schultz always boasts that she's on the
House Appropriations Committee and she's
bringing home the bacon for Florida
she's been worthless on that committee
she's been voting for billions of
dollars in subsidies for these big
agribusinesses the factory farms and the
big sugar farms without lifting a finger
to really solve these problems at all
and you know I know the Democrats blame
the Republicans and there's reason to
blame the Republicans Governor Rick
Scott has cut funding to test for these
algae blooms but the Democrats and the
Republicans are both very complicit in
this
they've been voting for gigantic
subsidies for these industries that are
just destroying our water supply killing
sea life by the thousands like you were
saying and putting the public health and
safety at risk hey Tim it's Tom Morano
your stuff um I'm a big fan oh you know
full disclosure I have donated to your
campaign but for people who have not met
you what what do you stand for what can
I count on you to bring to Florida on
behalf of the people thanks for asking
that you know first of all the way we
raise money is so different from the way
wasserman-schultz does and most members
of Congress you know this is my second
campaign I have never picked up the
phone and done the call time and been
dialing dot four dollars it's all small
donors online at tim Canova com and
we've kept the campaign together and we
stayed true to our pledge uh I think and
I say this having campaigned here for
this is the third year now and talking
to thousands of constituents this feels
like year 10 of a great depression for
most Americans you know I know the
official unemployment rate is low but we
know that's because it doesn't count
discouraged workers it doesn't count
people who are trying to keep ends make
ends meet by working several part-time
jobs we need a Federal jobs guarantee we
need a universal basic income that's a
new deal that I'm talking about and we
talk about a green new deal the solar
new deal a new deal is what it means is
making sure the public sector is well
funded so that the government can carry
out its responsibilities to provide for
the general welfare we need public jobs
programs I'd like to see a voluntary
national service program based on the
new deal with a Civilian Conservation
Corps or works projects administration
so many people have forgotten this part
of our history it's like it's been
airbrushed away we need it now more than
ever and I'll tell you as a law
professor I was writing about not just
the need for this kind of a new deal but
how to finance this kind of a new deal I
was writing about it for many years and
I was saying we were way overdue for it
even before the 2008 financial collapse
now we're in year 10 since the financial
collapse and it's been a trickle-down
recovery most Americans have not seen
any real improvement in their living
standards or their job situation young
folks 18 to 34 year olds more likely to
be living at home with their parents
than to be on their own starting
families living on their own Oh
folks take baby-boomers so many of them
lost their life savings in the financial
collapse ten years ago you know folks
turn 50 and suddenly they're not
employable anymore
at a stage in their lives when they
should be respected when they should be
considered mentors for younger people
they're basically being told we don't
need you anymore so it's no surprise to
me that there's a real depression going
on here you see it with the suicide rate
you see it with the opioid overdose rate
there's so much that needs to be done we
need to get away from the money in
politics privatizing everything I know
Jimmy you just mentioned it a little bit
earlier
we've been privatizing our water systems
our transit systems we've even been
privatizing how we count the votes with
these private software companies that we
give them the responsibility and we
somehow trust them to do it
we've been privatizing how we censor
speech right the social media companies
can now decide that without any kind of
judicial review the privatization is
going way too far the schools are being
privatized the prisons and this is the
big difference between Watson Wasserman
Schultz and myself and a lot of
corporate democrats and and a
progressive like me I want to see the
public sector well-funded there's no
reason there should be no financial
constraints on fiscal policy modern
money theory teaches us that I know you
just had Stephanie Kelton on recently I
applaud her work on the other side
you've got this craze to privatize
everything Wasserman Schultz actually
was for a private immigration detention
center in our own district while taking
money from the correction corporations
of America now it's called core civic so
you know she's very shameless she'll
take money from any private interest and
she'll support any kind of privatization
scheme well that there's no doubt about
it I mean debbie has a history of being
in bed with payday lenders which are the
scum of the scum of the earth and she
has no problem being their champion
hey guys we hope you enjoy this free
clip of aggressive progressives on The
Young Turks this is just a preview of
what you will receive with TYT
membership that means exclusive
interviews panel discussions and more
jimmy and of course me if you like what
you saw you can access full episodes of
aggressor progressives by becoming a
member
head to TYT calm slash join now
