there is two different layers of
membership now there's the one that cost
less that has all of our shows so you
get all your content and there's one
that has extras it's called activist
level okay
and while the extras is that you guys
get a gift pack which is pretty neat
okay it's for the same price that you
used to be $9.99 okay so but you gotta
check your email because that's how
we're gonna get you the the gift pack go
to TYT calm slash join and then when you
remember check your email and if you're
an activist level member you get a gift
pack every year I don't know what's in
it but apparently nice gifts okay so and
there's other benefits of being an
activist member as well and you help
support the show so we super appreciate
it t y-t-dot-com slash join and
hopefully you guys will be activists as
well okay and then I love interacting
with you guys and and having you guys be
part of the show so the TYT army I think
might have got through The Associated
Press and and they mentioned it in a
fact check they didn't say Young Turks
they said a video going around which got
sent to them hundreds of times because
of the TYT army and that's what they
were responding to and they made it even
bigger fool themselves we also asked you
guys for memes and so the good folks at
daily burn sent this one in beto versus
beta we asked for that one graphic one
guys and it's you could find their stuff
at facebook.com slash daily burn is in
BER N and and so the memes have begun
Beto
versus beta I love it okay by the way if
you want to join the army T y-t-dot-com
slash army and that ap so-called fact
check today we're gonna send you on
another mission on that let him know how
terrible a job they did on that factory
it was even worse than the first piece
so we're not the Young Turks you're the
Young Turks
come join us at the home of progressives
TYT Tom slash join two easy ways for
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell
and when you do that on YouTube you're
notified of our videos
