a woman by the name of Lauren cutshall
was pulled over in South Carolina she
was drinking driving under the influence
she actually went through a stop sign
going 60 miles per hour now uh when she
was pulled over she told officers that
she had perfect grades her whole life
was a cheerleader and sorority girl and
graduated from a quote high accredited
university and that her partner was a
police officer in other words let me go
I'm a good person
she also stated to this white police
officer quote that she is a clean
thoroughbred white girl Wow and to the
cops credit he was like yeah let's wrap
this up you're going to jail her blood
alcohol level was registered at 0.18
percent 0.08 is against the law
that is way past that even for a
thoroughbred out of this table okay so I
like how she was leading up to like look
hey my boyfriend's a cop is what she
should have stopped yeah might work yeah
that might have worked some other time
right but going to like I went to a
highly accredited university isn't that
something that it's gonna work a lot
with cops she's watching too many Trump
speeches I had the best accreditation
they're so strong and anyway so
basically what she was trying to get at
with all that stuff is like I'm a good
white person but this is one not very
stable genius and to really drunk right
she's like Oh fine I'm just gonna say
I'm white I'm white okay I don't know if
you can tell I'm a thorough bored white
girl let me off by the way I love I love
this cop he did the right thing here he
apparently was like what are you talking
about and she said you're a cop you
should know what that means
oh yeah like you're a cop you must be
racist like me hey let me off
apparently wrong again two easy ways for
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber
second is ring the bell and when you do
that on YouTube you are notified of our
videos
you
