Associated Press recently had a story
that I thought was horribly biased as
giant headlines saying that Bernie
Sanders plan for Medicare for all costs
thirty two point six trillion dollars
now as I pointed out in that piece there
were a number of things that were wrong
with them the most important was that
The Associated Press never clarified
that the current health care system
costs thirty three trillion dollars so
some simple math leads you to believe
that Medicare for all then is less
expensive than the current system not
mentioning that is negligent to say the
least now I don't go after The
Associated Press because I want to
destroy them or I think there are an
enemy of the people or any other lunatic
theory like that the right wing has no I
actually hold associated press to a very
high standard we need the Associated
Press to be a great press outlet and
actually deliver facts for us leaving
out that giant fact was deeply
problematic and we hear the Young Turks
asked our audience to contact them about
that apparently and I don't know if this
is why they did this ap fact check but
it looks like they got the message that
some people were not pleased with their
last report now they also did not make
clear in the beginning of that article
that the people who wrote that study
about how it cost thirty two point six
trillion dollars were funded by the Koch
brothers so they didn't make it clear in
the headline they did make it clear in
the first several paragraphs it was an
aside later in the in the in the article
but they wrote it as if what the study
said was pretty much true and not
focusing on the fact that it comes from
a right-wing perspective with an agenda
now the Koch brothers have been against
the Affordable Care Act and of course
can't stand Medicare for all you would
think that that would be an important
context to point out and I've spent
millions of dollars trying to destroy
any of those systems that would bring
expanded health care to Americans
important context now they've made it
far worse because today there's a story
out that's as big letters AP fact check
and the title is Sanders spins savings
in Medicare plan now you're doing a fact
check and already in your title you
charge Bernie Sanders with spinning
things okay wait if you say hey look
here are is facts and here are the
issues with this facts and so that is
this perspective but we don't
necessarily agree with the conclusion
that would be fair that's a fact checker
right but already you're telling me your
perspective and you just say hey maybe
that's their conclusion so let's go to
the body of the article and see if they
did this right so they talked about how
Bernie Sanders says that Medicare for
all would actually save overall about
two trillion dollars from the overall
amount that we spent on health care in
America in fact Bernie Sanders used the
Koch brothers founded study to prove
that so now that is where their analysis
begins and they say the facts they set
up the what I just explained to you and
then they say the facts okay great I
can't wait to see what the facts are and
remember this doesn't come from
perspective of not liking the Associated
Press or not cheering for their success
it comes from wanting them to do well
and to give us real journalism but here
they go the facts :
Sanders vision of Eldorado in his tweet
and a YouTube video is being widely
echoed by supporters of a government-run
National Health System now they might be
referring to their Young Turks video
that our viewers sent them thank you
guys for sending that to them
I'm not sure though I don't know unlike
The Associated Press I actually care
about the facts apparently so they might
they might be referring to a different
video that is not important what is
important is the beginning of that you
just told me this was a fact check you
had a big thing that I said in capital
letters the facts and then you started
with Sanders vision of Eldorado what are
they talking about what is what is that
Eldorado is a mythical Golden City wait
you didn't give me the facts you just
said that al that Bernie Sanders you
implied lives in a mythical
city like a utopian vision of the world
that is totally unrealistic that's not a
fact that's you saying I don't like
Bernie Sanders
I think his plans to help the American
people is magical and mythical and
that's my opinion well I thought this
was a fat chick Eldorado
could you imagine if they did that in an
analysis of a right-winger and boy do
they deserve it Ted Cruz on his website
for his for the United States Senate ha
explained how the United Nations wants
to force us into Hobbit homes so we
covered that years ago on The Young
Turks now there was no fact-check about
how Ted Cruz lives in a maniacal
mythical world where the United Nations
is gonna put us in Hobbit homes that's a
direct quote from Cruz's old website
Hobbit homes that's apparently not El
Dorado why do they hesitate when it
comes to the right wing oh no to the
right wings in a course level think it's
gonna gonna call us liberal don't don't
don't be real with them but as soon as
there's a program to help you guys
Eldorado
what you can help the American people
was 2 trillion dollar tax cut for the
rich that was not Eldorado that put it
according to the latest estimates and by
the way do you do your job
money right at Eldorado piece of fact
check on the Republican tax plan it has
increased from one point five to one
point nine trillion dollars that it's
going to cost us but that was not El
Dorado the Republicans said over and
over again or we care about deficits we
care about deficits then they put a two
trillion dollar hole in our budget that
created a massive deficit did you talk
call that El Dorado no because you're
scared of Republicans and you're so
scared you refused to do your job
besides which it's not just that you can
see in every word of this article that
disdain that the mainstream media has
for progressives dripping from every
word so okay that is a terrible
gratuitous beginning to a so-called fact
check but let's go further let's be fair
did they actually talk about facts and
then they dispersed
Bernie Sanders so let's go forward it's
a short article because they don't have
the facts on their side so I'm gonna
quote almost all of it but it's quick so
they could refer to the libertarian
study as the study from the Mercatus
Center at George Mason University in
Virginia in their fact check they do not
mention at all that the study is funded
by the Koch brothers the Koch brothers
who have spent millions of dollars
trying to destroy the Affordable Care
Act let alone Medicare for all
they don't nee never mention that you
don't think that's relevant you don't
think that's relevant context and then
you wonder why I think you're not a very
good journalist I want you to be better
but you got a long way to go apparently
oh I'm sorry did you find that
dismissive because I thought this was
fairly dismissive so please don't cry
okay I'm gonna go forward this the study
they say found that if hospitals and
doctors were willing to accept Medicare
based payments of 40 percent less for
patients who currently have private
insurance than projected US health care
spending would decline by about 3% from
2020 2022 to 2030 one or two point oh
five trillion dollars you know what that
means that means Bernie Sanders was
right they just told you in their own
fact-check that not Bernie Sanders study
the Koch brothers study does show that
if we do Medicare for all and we use
Medicare rates it saves two trillion
dollars for the country so did they
declare Bernie Sanders is right no they
do dobson here comes another dismissive
line quote that's the number of Sanders
is celebrating no that's the number
Sanders is quoting that's a fact from
their own study I think the study
actually is biased we would save a lot
more than two trillion dollars and there
are other studies to indicate that but
you don't talk about that so I guess
that's the one you're celebrating okay
so what are the facts for God's sake are
you ever going to do any facts in your
fact check so let me quote them at
length to see if we can find anything
okay so they say but the study
said also said if medical providers
continue to be paid about the same as
now US health care spending would
increase by three point two five
trillion dollars over ten years under
Medicare for all
it works - about five percent more you
just said the study says if you do
Medicare for all
with Medicare rules you will save two
trillion dollars but if you do Medicare
for all and it isn't Medicare for all
and you decide to pay more than it would
cost more that's true but then that
wouldn't be Medicare for all so I think
you kind of proved our point
but no no no no no you have to attack
Bernie Sanders you have to pretend that
his plan is unrealistic okay even though
look at your own facts that any is there
a fact checker in The Associated Press
is there an editor it's Associated Press
did you look at this and not get
embarrassed
wait but hey hold on the guy we seem
like you're quoting things that Bernie
Sanders said that are actually true okay
so now last part here this is quoting
the study listen to what the study says
and this is let's be careful here they
said more generous health care insurance
would provide to everyone at the expense
of health care providers whether
providers could sustain such losses and
remain in operation and how those who
continued operations would adapt to such
dramatic payment reductions are
critically important questions so even
the study itself did not say that you
can't do Medicare costs and prices it
said if you do they the Koch brothers
funded study is concerned that doctors
and hospitals will not accept those
payments it did not conclude that it
would cost more it included that those
would be questions for Medicare for all
The Associated Press takes the best
reading of the Koch study and then says
no they didn't say questions they
concluded it and they are correct it's
not like I'm going to actually do my own
study it's not like I'm gonna do my
actual reporting I'm just gonna tell you
what the studies
take it as a fact and then I'm gonna add
on top of it the study didn't even say
it I just read it to you the study said
or critically important questions the
question is are you really gonna pay in
the Medicare rates or are you going to
be forced to pay higher rates now if
there's sociated press said that's a
fair question it is a fair question
that would be a fair debate but didn't
to take that and to say no the study
concludes that the prices will be higher
it did not conclude that you just told
me it didn't conclude that and then to
take the studies word for it as if
you're not a news organization and
that's it that's the whole fact check
and then so they are declaring that
Bernie Sanders is spinning and that he
lives in Eldorado even though the body
of the article says he's right according
to Koch brothers study their own study
if we actually did Medicare rates which
is what we would do under Medicare for
all it would save us two trillion
dollars I don't want you to do terrible
journalism I believe in journalism I
want you to do great journalism so that
I could cite it on the show we need the
Associated Press we need orders we need
McClatchy and and we need knight-ridder
and the print journalists are the only
ones that are actually doing journalism
in this country if we have to rely on
cable news we're all ruined
so I don't want to tear your house down
I want to help you build it right but if
your disdain for progressives leads to
such a monumental bias that you attack
all progressive ideas despite the facts
that are in your own story then I have
got to question whether you're a good
journalist this certainly proves
otherwise if you don't like that don't
look at us and get upset look in the
mirror actually have some editors get
together at the Associated Press and go
wait a minute it appears that their
point is based on the facts now I can
get upset and you can say well hey
you're upset so I'm not gonna listen to
you okay that's fair it's not fair that
makes no sense but you like know that
they're so uncivil uncivil he raised his
voice what are the goddamn
facts that's your job we have a
perspective and were clear about it but
we never twist the facts to suit our
perspective we tell you what they are I
mean to ask the Associated Press to do
likewise is the bare minimum of what
they should do this was abhorrent and
unfortunately a lot of the mainstream
press and they don't know it and it's
not a conspiracy but in their groupthink
in their bubble in their minds the right
wing is to be feared and respected the
establishment is to be revered the
status quo the politicians the Pentagon
official sources revered progressives
disdain dismissive irrelevant to be
attacked and mocked and that's no longer
our opinion you just showed it yourself
with this disastrous so-called fact
checked with absolutely no facts two
easy ways to follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're at uoit subscriber and
second is ring the bell and when you do
that on youtube you're notified of our
videos
