you're about to watch what we call an
extended clip of The Young Turks and the
realities is somewhere in the middle
it's a little longer than our YouTube
clips but it's actually shorter than the
whole two-hour show which you can get if
you're a member you can get an ad-free
and make sure you catch every news story
we do that day you're gonna love it as a
full show that's a TYT Network comm
/join all right Genki Granicus paired
with you guys I feel like we just got
off the air a minute ago or at least I
did or eight and a half hours or so
yesterday so if you're a young Turkish
member and you met missed last night
don't worry you've got eight hours to
catch up on
it's like binge watching like like we
say we're progressive Netflix well catch
up on from last night see or you just
fast-forward to the parts of rage later
in the night I had many moments of rage
partly by the elections but then once I
got in the mood about random things like
Article five conventions and robert rice
and bill maher no roller coaster on oh
yeah yeah yeah so tea y-t-dot-com slash
joining yet all that John was an
American hero last night he gets up
early in the mornings to do damage
report he was here a long long time so
we do have a couple stories about that a
little bit later in the program
and but there's a curveball coming guys
so my rage will continue that is not a
curveball yeah the Democratic person who
won in Kansas is a third District to get
a spray welder Charice david's not a fan
of hers Wow and and now that she's won
I'm still not a fan of hers and I'm not
going to soft-pedal that okay having
said that there some of my views on that
race I'd be surprised if it didn't
surprise you okay so definite curveballs
coming a little bit later in the program
and last night we talked about one of
you guys suggested and you know you are
part of the program at the Senate
reporter to Kansas we are sending
Porter to Kansas to see what happened in
Johnson County and the computer failure
in Johnson County Kansas but anyway all
that fun surprises a little bit later in
the program for you guys but speaking of
fun we're gonna start with fun right
Anna yeah this is a heavy rundown and I
just felt like we all needed a moment to
laugh before we got to the heavy stuff
great we begin with a story that I was
unaware of until today actually and I'm
very upset at the producers at TYT of
not informing me of this gem of a video
that I'm about to share with you all
so last week Donald Trump was in
Pennsylvania at a rally doing what
Donald Trump does making a fool out of
himself and the video that we're about
to show you is Donald Trump not
understanding geography I have great
respect for the UK United Kingdom great
respect people call it Britain they call
it Great Britain they call it they used
to call in England different parts
Donald Trump okay so let's say he wasn't
wrong right like let's say in a perfect
scenario he actually understands the
geography and he manages to communicate
the geography accurately even in that
best-case scenario it makes him look
dumb and the reason why it makes him
look dumb is because why why why are we
having a conversation about this it
makes it abundantly clear that you
literally just learned about it right
yeah the UK United Kingdom no one knew
it was called the United Kingdom until I
mentioned it right now who would have
known
just stop talking stop talking all right
so two points about that first of all I
don't know why you would say that what I
know for a fact you know I'm like a
smart person okay okay so the reason
he's saying these things to give a
literal answer to Anna's question is
because he made a fool of himself when
he was over at the United Kingdom which
nobody knew it was the United Kingdom
until he figured or not and he actually
had said something worse that I flipped
out over and did a YouTube live video on
a weekend over
and he said a number of rambling things
that were all wrong about the UK every
part of it was wrong but my favorite
part was that he thought Ireland was
part of the UK Ireland's a totally
different country mm-hmm totally
different okay that's like thinking
Canada's part of America okay and so or
perhaps okay so that was way worse I
think this is him trying to make up for
it by going you know uh UK it's also
great burden they say I got that figured
out or Britain and then or it used to be
called England now England is a part of
the United Kingdom but it's different
parts that's him trying to brag like I
know that England's actually a part of
the United Kingdom I know you don't know
that nobody knows that but you know one
of my advisers just told me after I made
an ass out of myself earlier you know
there are ports there are parts that is
talking okay
so that wasn't all that happened okay so
that was during the rally
apparently earlier while speaking to
Piers Morgan on Air Force One he said
the following now this quote was cited
as something that Trump had said to
Teresa may but that is actually
inaccurate this is a real quote from
Donald Trump but he actually said this
to Piers Morgan that quote we would make
a great deal with the United Kingdom
because they have product that we like I
mean they have a lot of great product
they make phenomenal things you know and
you know have different names you can
say England you can say UK you can say
United Kingdom so many different names
Great Britain I also say which one do
you prefer Great Britain you understand
what I'm saying right yeah you know I
know but a lot of people don't know that
but you have a lot of different names
the fact is made I'm sorry the fact is
you made great product you make great
things even your farm product is so
fantastic I mean he he literally sounds
mentally challenged you make product you
make good product me like products we
he sounds like an old SNL skit the
caveman lawyer right like what was that
statement about like the American people
deserve to know what was that statement
about and what product are you talking
about you make great products even farm
product it's fed it's a really good
product I just what is the product the
headaches anyway so look guys if you if
you are a little confused but about the
difference between you know Kingdom in
Great Britain that's okay yeah he'll be
fine it's complicated it's confusing for
average people it's fine to make
mistakes right he is the President of
the United States of America right you
should know just geography the geography
of our allied countries so and so
there's two parts of that one is what
Anna's point I mean he's not a plumber
he's the president if you're gonna go to
the United Kingdom and you don't know it
like maybe a little Google or while no
one's looking you're a little
embarrassed ask your assistants right
but you have a Twitter machine I know
you use it all the time you know that
smartphone it actually has Google on it
too and you could just type it in
hey what is United Kingdom so you don't
humiliate yourself but he won't do 15
seconds of homework even though that's
his job as president and we're not
talking about Sri Lanka I mean if you
don't know the different districts of
Sri Lanka even if you're president I
would if I'm going to Sri Lanka I'd
study up on it right but it's the UK or
Great Britain or Britain or parts or
England or Ireland right part of the UK
okay so that's point one point two is
yeah Anna's first point hush up like if
you're giving a speech for whatever
reason right I don't know what your job
is but you're giving this to me
somewhere and it goes to your head you
know I don't really know the difference
between UK and Great Britain I've always
kind of wondered that I you know what
you do you just say one of them and move
on right you say oh well it's I had a
great trip to the United Kingdom and
move on but don't get into an England
and there are parts and you used to call
it great because you don't know you
don't know so you as a smart person as
somewhat halfway rational person you
would think let me not get my
in trouble here right yeah if I do I
gotta get out right away and you don't
go back now he's trying to clarify so he
goes back to it in wilkes-barre
Pennsylvania what is so amazing anyway
okay just in case you're wondering
United Kingdom is overall country okay
Great Britain is the island okay
Ireland is another Island it's also a
country Northern Ireland is in the
island of Ireland but in Northern
Ireland is part of the country of the
United Kingdom now it is confusing
norther island is also called a country
Wales Scotland and England are called
countries but they are part of the
nation of the United Kingdom okay so and
Great Britain is not a word that is it's
refers to the island it is actually not
a political term it is not the nation of
Great Britain it's the United Kingdom
okay and look the fact that Scotland
Wales England Northern Ireland are
called countries but they're part of the
country of the United Kingdom definitely
confusing if you're not from that neck
of the woods gooo go it it takes 15
seconds if you're a plumber you never
have to google it if you're the
president for God's sake do some
presidenting yeah alright now we move on
to other news some breaking stories from
today a Republican New York congressman
has been charged with insider trading
this is a huge story representative
Christopher Collins is the
representative and the accusations
against him are rather serious Chris
Collins was charged with insider trading
he was accused of tipping off his son
and others to sell stock in an
Australian pharmaceutical company before
the results of one of its failed drug
tests became public and that's according
to federal prosecutors now he was deeply
involved with this pharmaceutical
company it's known as innate
immunotherapy otix and he knew about the
results of a failed clinical trial
before the public did so he hit up his
son and he's like yo you need to sell
this stock immediately you're about to
lose a ton of money
and that is exactly what happened so he
was attending the Congressional picnic
at the White House in June of 2017 when
he received a private email from the
company's CEO that indicated that a test
for a potentially lucrative experimental
drug had failed 15 minutes later the
congressman called his son Cameron who
sold his shares in the company avoiding
losses of more than five hundred seventy
thousand dollars more than half a
million dollars there so to give you
more detail into this email innate
immunotherapy otix chief executive Simon
Wilkinson sent the email to the
company's board of directors including
Collins at 6:55 p.m. on June 22nd of
2017 explaining that the test for the
drug known in its trial stage as M is
for one six or for sixteen had failed so
at that point Collins immediately tries
calling his son right tried calling his
son missed him six times before they
finally had a brief conversation
prosecutors contend that it was during
that conversation that Collins told his
son about the failed drug test
the following morning his son placed an
online order with his brokerage firm
selling more than 16,500 shares of
innate immunotherapy UNIX stock he sold
more stock you know pretty soon after
that but I mean it's as clear as day and
it's kind of hilarious how poorly he did
in trying to hide all of this okay
so first time I have a little bit of fun
then I'm gonna give you the important
relevant numbers in this story that
gives you an exact view into what's
wrong with this situation but but I like
the idea of the guy calling him and
saying yeah it was a trial didn't work
we're gonna tank the whole company's
gonna tank they lost 90 percent of their
value okay after it became public and so
at that point the congressman thinks he
owns 16 percent of company you're gonna
lose a lot of my
okay and apparently he was irate at the
CEO he's like how could this have
happened how could it have failed yes
sometimes it succeeds sometimes it fails
kind of a risky venture but apparently
you didn't know that that doesn't give
me a lot of confidence in your thing you
know the CEO might have also told him
show me the bottle okay so the numbers
he gets the call from the CEO he calls
his son within 15 minutes come on and
we're done with this come on we're
already open he said if you're on the
jury
okay tells him but then the second
number is what you mentioned he called
him six times come on okay join his time
that's right he gets this email and all
of a sudden he calls his son misses him
six times I mean he was persistent I
mean what else could he want to
communicate with his son he's having a
fantastic time at this picnic
ya know here's what he wanted to
communicate to his son we gotta go show
me the buttock okay so he finally gets
his son on the phone and I look if
somebody calls me like he missed him six
times got on the seventh time actually
somebody calls me seven times I think
somebody died like like this is like
nobody calls seven times unless there's
no emergency and by the way why not just
leave a message because he doesn't want
it recorded that hey sell the stock
because I got insider information that
it's gonna tank that's why he calls him
seven times he's so guilty it's so
incredibly guilty but here's what I find
to be an even more interesting number
now look to be fair to them so then his
son goes in and tells us fiance tells us
fiance's father father who all have
money in the in the in this company okay
they were all in it together together
they avoided they all sell they all do a
set of trading their fiance's father is
also charged okay with insider trading
together they would have lost but
instead saved seven hundred and sixty
eight thousand dollars look that's a ton
of money but the important and relevant
number is Collins is already worse sixty
six million dollars boom so then I
immediately think look what you're doing
is brazen I mean this is the most
obvious insider trading I've ever seen
any prosecutor that gets that our hands
on that information in your toast
if you already have 66 million dollars
why not bite the bullet and lose the
half a million three quarters of a
million you still have 65 left you're
gonna be all right instead of going to
prison and getting you know humiliated
and run out of Congress and run out of
office and then it occurred to me how do
you think he got this 66 million by
doing shady deals like this probably a
thousand times and this is the time that
he got caught why did he do this if it
was by itself it makes no sense that
risk even though it's a lot of money
it's not worth the risks not remotely
worth the risk
but unfortunately a lot of times these
folks the way they got the money in the
first place is by being shameless and by
doing these deals non-stop and by the
way never getting caught so that's why
you think okay I'm not gonna wait a day
so it seems like I could at least have a
plausible argument if I waited two days
because if this stock actually didn't it
wasn't made public until a couple of
days later yeah he actually could have
done it in a way that it wasn't panicked
it was less obvious right
no he calls right away he calls seven
times the whole thing is super obvious
because he's probably done it in a super
obvious way so many times before had
never gotten caught yeah so that's why
they act the way that they do you know
legendary musical artists once said
dirty deeds done dirt cheap and this is
an example of that but you know what
yeah sometimes there comes a cost and
right now his life is basically a
jeopardy his career everything he's
worked for hasn't worked for it's all in
jeopardy I mean come on how greedy do
you have to be you're right just bite
the bullet take the loss don't risk
everything to save $500,000 for your son
you know seven hundred thousand dollars
seven hundred sixty eight thousand
dollars with your son's father-in-law
involved as well it's the greed that
risks is the sixty-six million dollars
in his career but it's the greed that
built the 66 million dollars in the
first place likely yeah right to be fair
to him I don't know how he got the other
66 right but his actions indicate a
carelessness and ease with breaking the
law that shows you he doesn't really
have a second thought to it it's not
he's not even concerned about breaking
the law because again if you're not
familiar with this portion of the law
this is insider trading 101 so it is
totally illegal obviously illegal if you
have inferred he's on the board of this
company the CEO the company is calling
him telling him public information
before I'm sorry private information
before becomes public and it can be
traded upon the stock drops 90% it's not
subtle it didn't drop 3% a could have
gone either way they just had a bad day
at the market no he dropped 90% there is
no clearer case of insider trading based
on the publicly available evidence here
than this but he does it anyway without
a second's hesitation so there may be
other lawmakers implicated in this
because it appears that he also no one
else is charged let me be clear about
that in terms of other lawmakers but
there is some indication that he was
urging others either elected officials
or officials to buy this stock and so
who knows what could come of those cases
but just to give you a few examples skip
ahead to graphic 10 there was Tom Price
who served as Secretary of Health and
Human Services he was accused of taking
advantage of a special deal of innate
stock only available to a select number
of lawmakers at a discount offered by
colleagues there also shady remember Tom
price the guy who resigned in because of
other corruption problems from the Trump
administration he also had enormous
conflict of interest problems when he
was in the house and he would trade
honor information that he got as a
congressman and I got him into trouble
earlier and now he's taking discounts
from other congressmen etc so Tom price
it's completely unsurprising that he's
on this list I would have been surprised
if he wasn't on the list I mean you're
gonna do you're gonna talk about insider
trading tom price is like me me who's in
I'm in whose help it was doing insider
trading well I'd like to be it the price
is right ok ok ok so I'm about to show
you
thing that is incredible so this is an
interview between Wolf Blitzer and
representative Collins in January of
2017 so at this point there is
absolutely no discussion about insider
trading but there are some concerns
about Tom price and you know the fact
that he had bought stock in this
pharmaceutical company you know did
Collins urge him to do it that's what
the whole context of this conversation
is about so just pay careful attention
to how representative Collins handles
the question during the confirmation
hearings Byrne Congressman Tom price a
friend of yours colleague facing some
serious questions ethics questions after
acting on a stock tip from you did you
encourage him to buy stock in this in
this company called innate in me
immunotherapy Unix
no absolutely not there every there was
nothing done that was insider trading or
unethical it's probably what I am most
proud of I talked about it at breakfast
lunch and dinner like I do my kids and
my wife did you tell Tom price telling
Tom price is not a crime you can tell
Tom price all day long right so there's
no son trading I'm telling you right now
there's no insider trading okay all
right interesting and I did not have sex
with that guy I didn't I did I don't
know why you said I didn't say that why
are you saying by the way so price is
shady for other reasons that I explained
he got the discount that's a little
Shady
I want to be fair Mike Conaway is is one
of the six that bought this stock he
does not sit on any committee that is
relevant and he did not get a discount
so I don't say anything wrong there and
there's no indication that he did
insider trading and dump the stock that
Collins called everybody but him anyway
so if you got a guy like that that's
there's nothing wrong there as far as I
can see so far on the other hand Lamborn
Doug Lamborn who is a Republican of
Colorado and Mark Wayne Mullen
Republican of Oklahoma they sit on a
relevant committee that affects that
stock
well that's the swamp you can't be
voting on things that might affect stock
that you own that's totally unacceptable
for conflicts of interest in regards to
your job as a congressman so that's a
separate problem the one that's clearest
is obviously Colin's problem because he
did insider trading 101 and now they
caught him and he's in a world of
trouble and I also want to just end on
one other important note so there are
clearly conflicts there's a conflict of
interest as he's a lawmaker he's also
serving on the board of this
pharmaceutical company and so does that
at all impact the job he's doing in
Congress of course it does so let's go
to graphic 12 after entering office in
Collins worked on passing a provision
that would speed up the drug approval
process let's just keep it real okay
obviously their financial interests
their financial incentives play a huge
role in the types of laws that they push
through Congress that they aggressively
try to pass through Congress and that's
certainly the case with what he wanted
to do with drug approvals on a federal
level these guys are so corrupt it's
unreal the corruption is taken over the
entire body politic I mean and in once
you open the door and you say oh we're
gonna get into office by taking
legalized bribes then isn't really that
much of a stretch for those same
unprincipled unscrupulous people who got
an office by taking what we now bribes
have become legal you just oh I take it
from a pharmaceutical company I take it
from a defense contractor company and
what do I do I start wars than the
defense contractor gets rich I say you
cannot negotiate drug prices for
Medicare my donors get rich well why
don't I get rich - okay I'm gonna pass a
law that not only helps my donors but it
helps me I'm gonna say okay you know
what we're gonna speed up that drug
approval process because I have a
company that needs a drug approval and
then they wonder why nobody trusts
Congress this is why nobody throws
Congress because they are crooks and in
this system invites crooks in so if
you're a principled person you're gonna
have a
little bit of trouble taking money from
a oil company and then letting them
pollute right and knowingly deregulating
so they can pollute streams that may be
kids swimming you're gonna have trouble
doing that or crooks have no problem
doing that they're like oh great you're
gonna give me that bribe and I'm gonna
do your solid and that guy's gonna get
sick
who cares then we shouldn't be surprised
that Congress is filled with people like
Collins who are total and utter
criminals yep all right let's take a
break when we come back the VA it's
being controlled by cronies at
mar-a-lago and people had no idea until
now thanks for listening to this podcast
you're only halfway through so hold hold
stay right here I just want to remind
you if you want to get all five segments
of the Young Turks commercial free these
are just two of them every day we do it
so go to TYT Network comm slash join and
you get the whole five segments two
hours ad free do it now
all right back and I entered lots of
comments free to read let's go to
Twitter first Mele bitch writes in don't
worry Jake we love the rage can we just
call you Hulk from now on zero to piston
two seconds flat story in an array the
last third quoted by corruption that was
like god damn it you don't want to make
me angry you wouldn't like me angry
anyway eclectic miscellaneous thanks to
you whitey for sending reported Kansas
to find out what the hell on hell went
on in Johnson County how much you wanna
bet that TYT we'll be the only ones
shouldn't MSM and local media be
investigating this latest proof of how
fragile and opaque our voting systems
are so well thank you guys so that's
still two years later out of the budget
that I think we've been fairly judicious
with from the investigative reporting
team by the way they're coming up with
great stories I hope you're reading that
at TYT investigates so please it's on
the app it's on the website go to t
whitey investigates and read the great
great stories are coming out with and
we're trying to show as much as we can
with you guys and we'll let you know
what happens in Kansas dr. pepper
Oh doom says nobody knew the U K could
be so complicated
believe me Dave for higher rights in
still on Twitter sergeant general
Colonel Aaron Murad says show me the
product all right now YouTube super chat
mark keister says just to Andean please
tell me that Brent has not conceded has
demanded a full recount of the paper
belts look I think that Brent is
probably gonna go talk to the Johnson
County officials at some point but you
know I can't speak for him and I don't
know what he's up to in that regard but
no I do know I know that he is going to
speak to those officials but you know
there's no other statements in that
regard as far as I know okay Little Mac
says long night with you last night jank
rough ending but fun there yeah it was a
roller coaster ride as an appointed out
known and thank you for being with us
and all the members thank you for making
it happen t y-t-dot-com /join to become
a member
no Nina consequence I one day you're
gonna have to tell me how to pronounce
that says if you have a Celtic pride or
Celtic pride like Trump brags as he does
coming from Scotland why don't you know
about Ireland's fight with England tell
me again how Trump represents the white
folks and not just the Nazis damn he
dropped one on him there and cheat love
says jiangcuan Anna or straight-up
gangster yes thank you thank you we do
appreciate it does have G love it indeed
we got it no we got it no one could have
known that it would be so complicated to
decipher the Yankees talk alright so by
the way Android app it's out yeah just
like you guys know the app is fantastic
it's got all of our shows so and of
course a lot of it is free as you guys
know and then some of it is for members
only but it's all in one comedian place
you can watch the free stuff you can get
the members only if you remember so go
to TI t comm slash app or just go to the
Google Play Store and type in t whitey
or T YT + and you'll get the app so
thank you for using that and it's super
convenient all right what's next Anna
alright in a piece of excellent
reporting ProPublica has uncovered the
real forces behind the VA and the real
decision-makers who are influencing
policy changes at the VA so the VA of
course has been an issue that has been
exploited by politicians namely
politicians like Donald Trump who
claimed that he wanted to fix the VA he
wanted to take care of our veterans but
he has done the exact opposite of that
in fact the only thing that he has
attempted to do is privatize the VA
which could be a complete and utter
disaster but we didn't know until now is
that he has used his cronies at
mar-a-lago to be the real decision
makers at the VA and those cronies
include Ike Perlmutter mark Sherman
who's a lawyer and also Bruce Moskowitz
who is a Palm Beach doctor these are all
member
at mar-a-lago and essentially Trump got
together with them and was like you know
what should I do with the VA and so he I
know it's insane these are people who
have absolutely no it none of them are
veterans none of them have served in our
military
well no no let's be fair Perlmutter
is a veteran he's a veteran of the
Israeli army not the US Army let's
just-okay clear about that okay I mean
if he was advising the Israeli VA okay
fair do you boo all right yeah but God
bless no problem with that what does he
do what are they doing look I'll tell
you look you were in the details and
it's amazing how much how thoroughly
they were running the VA but it's like
you became president and you're like hey
Bob Steve you know your boys right you
guys want to run Veterans Affairs what
affairs that's crazy they have no
experience at all and of course they
botch it and they don't understand it
they don't understand it and they
attempted on several instances to use it
for their own financial benefit right
and so I'll give you examples of that in
just a second but it's the same kind of
mentality that we see from Donald Trump
he uses the office of the president as a
way to financially enrich himself he
holds meetings official meetings at
mar-a-lago official meetings at Trump
Tower
that's all taxpayer money in order to
hold these meetings that ends up going
into the pockets of the Trump family
period that's the way it works and so
that's what you see time and time again
with these specific individuals who are
outlined in this incredible piece by
ProPublica so with that said let me give
you some of those details now ProPublica
has referred to this group as an
informal council that is exerting
sweeping influence on the VA from our
logo present president Donald Trump's
private club in Palm Beach Florida so as
I had mentioned none of them has ever
served in the US military or even the US
government VA insiders have come to call
them the Mara Lago crowd so so look
Donald Trump as soon as he became
president raised the price of admission
and mar-a-lago from $100,000 to $200,000
and then immediately started calling at
the winter white house I mean it's just
enriching
at the expense of everyone else and just
brazen brazen now to be fair to him
it turns out maybe it's worth it right
you you join up mara log on he's like
which department would you like to run
hey Ike you want run better first have
at it Hoss okay now everybody had better
in Affairs you either a report to Ike or
you're fired yes yes so that's what
happened so one thing that was
abundantly clear was that this group did
not get along with David Shulkin because
David Shulkin you know I mean he had his
own scandals his own issues we get that
but at least he understood how the
process works how government works how
you are able to get things done in the
VA whereas these three individuals have
no idea and so they would demand things
and then get extremely angry that there
was a process for it that they wanted to
completely you know circumvent so let's
go to graphic 17 former administration
officials say the VA leaders who are at
odds with the Marla go crowd were pushed
out or passed over included where the
secretary deputy secretary chief of
staff acting under secretary for health
deputy undersecretary for health Chiefs
chief information officer and the
director of electronic health records
mod modernization so these are all
people that were at odds with the Marla
go crowd and many of them just lost
their jobs as a result of that what when
asked about this by reporters the
mar-a-lago crowd guys said I mean I
don't know why anybody thought we were
running the place I mean if they we
didn't tell them that if they had that
impression I guess that was the wrong
impression well they might have that
impression if they disagree with you and
then they're fired the next day that
would give you an impression that you
were running the place right and let me
be clear about something else so there
are avenues in which people who are not
official advisors or official government
employees can can help give advice to a
government agency right but there's a
process in which you do that because
there needs to be transparency there
needs to be oversight and in this case
there was no transparency and absolutely
no oversight it's the Federal Advisory
Committee
Act of 1972 it does provide a mechanism
for agencies to consult panels of
outside advisors this you know
mar-a-lago crowd does not fall under
that category there was no oversight no
transparency yes so if if I were
president and I knew a number of people
who were new the tech world really well
and we needed to upgrade something in
the thing I would put them on an
advisory board and then you would have
cost controls you would know what they
were doing there was transparency it's
nothing wrong with bringing outside
experts but this is like hey I like Ike
he gave me 200 bucks in the house to be
in mar-a-lago and he's actually really
rich so Trump looks up to him so why
don't you run a random Department but
don't tell anyone and then fire any one
you like
Wow and they had to fly down officials
at taxpayer expense by the way to go and
report in to these three who are
unofficially running the department at
mar-a-lago yeah that's insane and now
they're using taxpayer money for that
insanity where they got to fly tomorrow
logo to get their orders right so
Perlmutter Moskowitz and Sherman acted
like board members pounding a CEO to
turn around a struggling company a
former administration official said in
an e-mail or in email after email
officials sought approval from the trio
so they'll argue no I mean come on we
were just giving people some advice you
know what I'm saying but no they weren't
actual administration officials had to
report back to them and ask for
permission a lot of times for a research
effort on suicide prevention and for a
plan to recruit experts from academic
medical centers everything needs to be
run by them the first former official
said recalling the process they view
themselves as making the decisions but
but they did make the decisions that's
why if you didn't he grew it then we got
fired okay the mar-a-lago crowd hey
here's another quote from the great
report from ProPublica spoke with the
veteran fish administration officials
daily they talked to them every day
documents show and review all manner of
policy and personnel decisions look if
you're reviewing all the policy and the
personnel you're running it period end
of story okay
the part of the Veterans Affairs to
start new programs officials travel to
Morrow logo at taxpayer expense to hear
their views and here's my favorite part
a formated mission
an official said quote everyone has to
go down and kiss the ring and now
Republicans you were worried about a
deep state people who are unaccountable
and unelected who are actually secretly
running the government congratulations
you have won it's down at mar-a-lago
yeah so I want to give you at least one
example of how they use this you know
how they use the VA for their own
financial benefit now they'll say no no
no there was no financial benefit
whatsoever however starting in February
of 2017
Perlmutter who by the way is the
chairman of Marvel Marvel Comics yeah he
convened a series of conference calls
with executives at Johnson & Johnson
leading to the development of a public
awareness campaign about veterans
suicide so far so good no problems there
however they plan to promote the
campaign by ringing the closing bell at
the New York Stock Exchange around the
time of Veterans Day the event turned
into a promotional opportunity for
Perlmutter's company executives from
Marvel and its parent company Disney
joined Johnson & Johnson as sponsors of
the Veterans Day event at the stock
exchange
David Shulkin rang the closing bell
standing near a preening and flexing
Captain America with spider-man waving
from the trading pit and Marvel swag
distributed to some of the attendees so
in this suicide awareness effort turned
into a massive promotional event for
Marvel that's what that turned into yeah
look guys for me instinctively I look at
that and I think well maybe it helps the
the veterans things to get cab feel
Captain America spider-man might might
draw attention Pearlman is already
really rich I don't think he needs that
extra promotion but for people worrying
government this is a really big deal you
can't and they had to have meetings
about should we have that have the
secretary in this case so close to what
appears to be promoting a product and
they do have to be careful about stuff
like that but to me that even the worst
one was Moskowitz with apples so he said
he goes down to Apple and says alright
we should develop an app to get veterans
to find nearby medical services okay
it's a reasonable
idea I mean I don't know why you're
involved in this not really part of the
government but okay fine the decent idea
you know who he brought along to the
meeting his son Aaron who is an app
developer and he's like well Aaron can
do it I mean what are we doing here what
now are we now we're pressuring Apple to
pay your son to develop an app you're
not even in the government what the hell
is going on here all right of course
they deny everything they're like they
don't deny that Aaron was there if they
don't deny that they wanted the app that
he doesn't deny that Aaron's an app
developer and that's why he was that
said we weren't gonna profit off of it
we were gonna profit off of it now that
all didn't end up working out and part
of the reason why it didn't work out is
because there was pushback from Shulkin
and so shall guess what happened Shulkin
bye bye bye bye he was fired so just
know what's really going on I mean the
swamp is swampy er than ever and people
who have no experience no business
running something like the VA are doing
just that this is this is Trump's idea
of taking care of our veterans and so
look if this was a left-wing
administration and you got these guys
secretly running a government
organization the right-wing would go
nuts with their conspiracy theories and
they would say that Illuminati and all
that stuff right but guys that's why the
conspiracies are a lot simpler they're
not you think that there's like people
who are brilliant who are running things
and done the dun dun dun dun dun dun no
it's a bunch of guys who we're at a
country club they just happen to be rich
and they're like hey Don won the
presidency I don't know how that
happened hey Donny can I run something
I'd like transportation and now somebody
else took transportation and Sue and
Betsy took education and Betsy is
literally one of their donors and
Friends Betsy DeVos etc so what do you
got left
I got Veterans Affairs okay okay then
you go run that Ike and that's your
famous Illuminati it's a bunch of you
know old men who are having fun running
things that they shouldn't be running
okay and so it's not that complicated
it's
it's I don't even think it's that you
know nefarious I just think like I don't
think like like I said Perlmutter
doesn't need any extra money right I
think he just felt like this is cool I
get to run Veterans Affairs for no
reason he would call people and say why
aren't you doing it quicker like as if
he was literally the boss like I can't
he's just having fun like oh I'm gonna
go play tennis and I'm gonna run
Veterans Affairs but that's not how the
government's supposed to work and we're
supposed to know who's actually running
Veterans Affairs it's supposed to be a
democracy and not have your goofball
friends running parts of the government
no but it's okay I I think you're being
incredibly generous when you say that
there's nothing nefarious or it's not
meant to be nefarious but think about
just think about the context of you know
the disc just think about the discourse
in the country involving veteran
soldiers I mean Donald Trump will call
NFL members sons of bitches for
practicing their First Amendment right
and protesting you know the ridiculous
killings the shootings of unarmed people
black men throughout the country but and
he says that that is disrespectful to
our troops you know it's really
disrespectful to our troops and our
veterans having your unexperienced or
inexperienced buddies run the VA when
the VA should be doing a better job
taking care of our veterans you don't
care about our veterans it's all talk
it's all talk yeah I mean we as kind of
like a gag you give one of your through
your buddies the Veterans Affairs
Committee to it or administration to run
how much do you really care about that
it's a great point and imagine if it was
a Democrat who did it they'd be like you
were so careless with veterans and you
put these Schmucks in charge that didn't
know what they were doing and they were
firing people with no accountability
you would have 87 hearings it would be
the top scandal of the Obama
administration by a mile
we'd still be like you would never stop
talking about it this is probably the
very last time you'll hear about it
because the hello Trump has so many
scandals that you just literally can't
keep up mm-hmm I want to take a break
because it sounds like we're in a rain
forest right now there's weird sounds
happening on the set so
figure that out and we'll come right
back thanks for watching what I hope was
a lovely edition of The Young Turks now
you know that that is two of the five
segments that we do because that's free
we want to have you support independent
media and can watch the whole show that
we do every day that's five segments
overall no ads at all that's at TYT
Network comm slash join come become a
member
thanks for watching either way
