Android users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more the
Democratic primary in Kansas's third
District happened yesterday and we now
have the results brent welder the
Justice Democrat that the Young Turks
have been supporting unfortunately lost
by a very narrow margin Cherise David's
did beat him though and she is an openly
gay or LGBT Native American woman now
keep in mind that Brent welder is to the
left of her significantly to the left of
her he campaigned on a medicare-for-all
platform which is incredibly important
now she edged out brent welder by a
little over two thousand votes and so
the democrat will now david Charice
david's will now essentially go
head-to-head with representative kevin
yoder who is the republican in this race
yeah so lots of thoughts about this
first of all i just want to give you
guys context last night other than a
couple painful losses including this one
was a fantastic night for progressives
just democrats had 13 people up for
election all not all but almost all
underdogs we have an incumbent jayapal
she was likely to win there was a one
person running unopposed the center but
but a lot of the these guys they don't
not all all of them take no corporate
pac money etc so six out of 12 one
there's still one outstanding in the
state of Washington that has not been
resolved that Sarah Smith's race so that
was a great night
McCullough one of the worst prosecutors
in the country in the he's the one who
threw the Michael Brown case and the
grand jury he lost that was a great
result at the local estate level people
supported by our revolution move on what
and most actively working families party
won a shocking percentage of victories
so I'll give you one example Jamie
Schoolcraft in Missouri's seventh
District
outspent two-to-one and beat everyone
else by 30 points anyway so I don't want
you to get discouraged there's great
great news for progressives and just
Democrats overall but yes the Brent
welder loss was very painful so he was
as good a candidate as as I have seen he
worked super hard he raised a lot of
money none from corporations all from
people like you guys and and I also
predicted his victory let me be clear
obviously I was wrong
and I'm I'm borderline I'm I got to stop
doing that because yes I have really I
would say I think and you could check
online pretty good track record on it
but now it's too painful when I'm wrong
right and and so and so why was I wrong
and and what's my analysis of this so
and I want you guys to understand what
we do on the show and I think a lot of
you get it but some don't so let me be
clear first we present the facts in a
story then we do our analysis and we're
clear about our perspective we're super
clear about it and then we do something
that trips out the rest of the media we
actually fight for you guys we fight for
change and so a lot of the media gets
weirded out by that no like oh no you're
not supposed to do that well that's like
your opinion man but what we cannot have
have happen is our fight for change
creating a confirmation bias that then
perverts the facts that we're giving you
we cannot let that happen and we try
super hard not to let that happen
so facts are facts so in this case let
me tell you what I think went wrong even
though it goes against my interests okay
and it might go against your interests
but we have to keep it real
so yes outside groups from Washington
spent a huge amount of money in favor of
Cherise David's they says emily's list
alone put in over six hundred and thirty
thousand dollars emily's list almost
always backs the more conservative
candidate and in this case therese
david's was the more conservative
candidate but brent also raised a ton of
money and not again not from
corporations but from you guys and he
worked so hard to raise that money so it
was relatively even so i
would love to blame the money but in
this case I don't think it is okay and
we we've got to really look at things as
they are not as we wish them to be okay
he and our thesis and was proven in the
Alexandria Casa Cortez race is that
volunteers can outwork the the outside
money etc that they bring in and he had
great volunteers but it didn't work and
so there is one other possibilities of
several different possibilities but one
possibility is that the voters actually
did get their message normally the
number one problem for just Democrats
and progressives is get it not that
their message doesn't work it's that you
can't get the message for the voters but
in this case I think Brent did a
terrific job of getting the message to
the voters so it is possible to may hurt
Cherise David's message and they hurt
Brent heard Brent welders message and
they said no we're gonna go with David's
so now why might that be the case
now I'm going back to my perspective on
this my perspective is look there's two
possible reasons one is Democratic
voters in some areas have been trained
to be scared so the number one thing
that they use against Brent was don't
really like to progressive otherwise we
will lose the general election we have
to be conservative to win the general
election now that's a district that
voted for Hillary Clinton so there's
actually no reason for that
but it works it works that's the number
one tactic that the establishment uses
successfully they scare the voters and
you lose the Republicans but Brent
already had a seven-point lead I'm Kevin
Yoder the Republican incumbent so it
made no sense here I'm actually scared
to death this race David is gonna Lucy
Yoder by running a totally insipid
campaign okay so that's one possibility
but the other possibility is and I
remember this from when we cover the
2016 election we need some people
outside of Hillary Clinton's rally okay
she actually had one of those and and
the woman talking to our reporter said I
don't want a revolution and I said well
okay that's fair she thinks things are
fine and some of the wealthier parts of
this particular district
voted more for Sri said words and maybe
they just didn't want a revolution maybe
they don't maybe they have health
insurance maybe they already have good
jobs so they think I don't really want
$15 minimum wage I don't really want
Medicare for all that's possible and we
have to think about that now the Poli on
Medicare for all and all those issues is
great overall but in a more affluent
suburb it might not do as well so you
have to be clear-eyed and even when it
is incredibly painful in your losses so
now do I think the Cherise Davis is
hence going to do better in the general
election no I'm and maybe I'm wrong
about that hey I was wrong about the
primary right so I think that if you run
a milquetoast campaign and they've run
those against Kevin Yoder before you
lose in a district that should be blue
and I'm afraid this she's gonna do what
she did during the primary but there you
don't have the advantage of being able
to scare Democratic voters into
compliance
right there you're up against the
Republican so the ads that she ran her
that PACs supporting her ran were like
Cherise David's she's a person and she
was an MMA fighter and she'll fight for
you and okay but what is she gonna fight
for and other than mentioning the NRA
once in one of the pack ads they never
really made it clear to this day I don't
know any of Cherise David's positions if
you go and we went to our website last
night as would cover the election live
and we tried and John went through all
of our platforms their platforms are
like we like health care what does that
mean okay yeah we all like health care
but what are you gonna do about it she
said oh we want to continue to expand
Medicaid okay all right I guess that
means you're for Obama care and doing
nothing else nothing else right and
education education rah rah we like it
but what's your policy what's your
position and they're gonna run a general
election my guess is they're gonna say
hey high five we just won this thing by
saying nothing
we'll say nothing in the general
election so I'm really really scared
that that seat should be blue the fact
that they have a terrible Republican in
there one of the worst
in the country taking up a blue seat is
a crime and I I think they are
fundamentally wrong that running
milquetoast
conservative Democrats helps in general
elections if Brent had won we would have
gotten to prove that a progressive can
win general elections better
unfortunately we didn't so now we'll
have to see if she blows it it'll be
terrible so and by the way am I gonna
support shree statements if you live in
that district it's a no-brainer on
whether to vote for her not Yoder's
terrible she's way better than the owner
you should vote for her okay should you
go and volunteer for her and raise money
for her I don't know what's her
positions do you know what our positions
are nobody knows what her positions are
and and then later if she loses you know
what they'll do they'll blame you guys
they say oh you weren't sufficiently
loyal you know why didn't you volunteer
for her well what what does she do to
earn our loyalty oh she was an MMA
fighter and she checks off a couple of
boxes right and people get mad but I
find that enormous ly uninteresting if
you're not gonna fight for policy
positions so you're Native American
great are you gonna show me that you
gonna fight for Native American
positions if you do okay then I love it
fantastic are you gonna fight for LGBT
positions I hope so I but you're asking
me to assume I don't know you won't tell
me any of your positions are you gonna
fight like hell against women's rights
being taken away as Donald Trump and the
Republicans are doing we could only hope
because you haven't told us you just
told us what you are you didn't tell us
what you're going to do for the voters
and I've seen this strategy before I saw
it in a general election in 2016 and I
Got News for you it didn't work then two
easy ways to follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell
and when you do that on youtube you are
notified of our videos
you
