and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more
Donald Trump has officially imposed or
reimpose sanctions on Iran and he did
drop out of the Iran nuclear deal
although European allies are still very
much in favor of that nuclear deal they
are still hoping that Iran complies with
it and they have condemned the United
States for pulling out now with that
said the sanctions would not only go
after Iran but also go after other
countries that continue to do business
with Iran and China has responded to
that by saying we don't care we will
still do business with Iran because the
fact of the matter is the united nations
is still behind this nuclear deal so
statement from the Chinese Foreign
Ministry states that China's business
dealings with Iran comply with all
United Nations sanctions currently
applied to Iran and that the country
would ignore new measures implemented by
the United States now this is already
bad when it comes to US China relations
but you also have to take it into the
context of this trade war that we're
currently engaged in which continues to
get worse
and I'll give you examples of why and
how in just a minute but China's
commercial cooperation with Iran is open
and transparent reasonable and fair not
violating any United Nations Security
Council resolutions
China's lawful rights should be
protected and that's according to an
official statement from the Chinese
foreign ministry the Chinese are totally
right about this I think that in terms
of trade there are many things that they
are wrong about and there I think
there's a smart way to handle that I
certainly don't agree with their
government's view of of how to rule
China overall because it's not a
democracy honor these things are super
obvious but in in regards to this they
are right so America was not the only
perk ountry that did the deal with Iran
there was many other countries involved
Europe Russia etc in all those countries
remained in the deal and they all said
even though there are
allies most of them are they said no the
steel was a really good deal and we
stopped Iran's nuclear program we are
not going to back out of it America is
wrong for backing out of it and so we're
going to continue now if when America
backed out of it we say okay we're gonna
do continue to do sanctions on Iran and
we're going to add sanctions on Iran
okay that's a product of I think that's
a terrible idea and Donald Trump did it
largely because of two factors one Obama
made the deal so he wanted to rip it up
to go haha because he's a child and
number two because now the neo cons have
started running his administration and
they desperately want war with Iran so
guys like John Bolton are like oh you
got to rip it up she'll not tough you
our boss show how tough you are rip up
the deal
so okay now do we're saying okay not
only we're gonna do sanctions on Iran
but we are going to sanction everyone
who does business with Iran okay it's
one thing when you're right it's another
thing when you're wrong so when you go
try to bully the entire world on an
issue they are positive you are wrong
about and they're correct by the way
well that's not gonna end well it's it's
one the wrong thing to do but to what do
you think like Trump thinks he could
single-handedly bully the entire world
including China that has enormous
leverage over us they hold so much of
our debt let alone other parts of this
right they're like no we're not gonna go
along you schmuck what did you think we
were gonna do we were just gonna bow our
heads our answer is no now go take a
long walk off a short American dock this
goes to show you that the United States
doesn't have the same kind of power that
maybe it used to have it doesn't have as
much leverage over other countries more
powerful countries like China and so
Trump is under the impression that we're
number one and that we can bully other
countries into doing everything that we
want them to do but that is not the case
and that's the way that it's actually
playing out in the opposite direction
with China specifically so that's the
smaller point the bigger point is you
know for the first time ever it's become
abundantly clear that with or without
the United States internationally
speaking the show goes on right and the
show must go on
so when it comes
this trade war all of a sudden we're
seeing countries that had no interest in
doing business with one another getting
together circumventing the United States
and trading with each other instead
and so disaster it is it's a disaster
for the United States that's for sure
it's a disaster for our economy among
other things that Trump is doing to our
economy but ironically it might have a
positive impact for world peace well
maybe but look we are greatly
endangering our economy yeah so it's
easy for the right-wing to say how dare
you see China's right don't you know
that is always right right no no no but
you're not getting it I'm we're gonna
hurt America if we get get into a trade
war with the entire world and then if
they decide hey you know what
turns out America's power was illusory
that it wasn't real and so maybe we just
stopped using the dollar as the is the
main currency in the world and we just
switch over to currency from anywhere in
the world Europe etc right the euro
then we're really really screwed yes so
we're trying to look out for America by
ahead tell them Trump iceberg straight
ahead get out of the way get out of the
way there's a I got this I got this uh
and he goes around now he says Oh
Chinese stock market is doing poorly
because we're winning the trade or the
Chinese stock market had already started
dipping it as it has nothing to do with
the trade war it has to do with the
corporate debt that they are cutting and
then other influences you think the
Chinese market went down 27% because of
the tariffs they our markets are hurt
way more than their or theirs are by the
tariffs can I give you some examples yes
so the US trade deficit is actually
increased it climbed three billion
dollars to forty six point three billion
in June what happened I thought you're
gonna fix it yep and that's according to
the US Commerce Department and remember
Trump also is is gonna bail out the
farmers who are gonna be negatively
impacted by this trade war and he keeps
saying hold on you know I got it you
guys are being impatient I have a plan
but what is your plan because so far
your only plan is to respond to
retaliation
with more tariffs and you think that at
some point China's gonna cave and say
all right whatever we're gonna give you
what you want but it doesn't appear that
that's the case they're not gonna do
that
and so understand that even the things
he wanted to accomplish he's not doing
so you have the terrible consequence of
the tariffs but if at least you brought
down the trade deficit you could he
could have a fig leaf and go Wow okay I
destroy the economy but I brought down
the trade deficit he didn't even do that
if the trade deficit went up in June by
three billion and now economists say
it's also going up in July so he goes in
what is it the tariffs are working
big-time yeah okay and the Chinese in
return said oh yeah
show me the bottle okay yeah despite the
tariffs China's exports are expected to
have grown in July oops they're doing
fine and it's because they're just going
around us and making deals with other
countries by the way we're also lose
like entire companies are now shutting
down because of the tariffs it's a very
it's a neglected story in my opinion but
I'll give you an example of one of the
latest companies small company element
Electronics is laying off 126 employees
and shuttering its plant in the town of
Winnsboro South Carolina the plant said
that the closure is due to new tariffs
that were recently and unexpectedly
imposed on many goods imported from
China including the key television
components used in our assembly
operations in Winnsboro he's costing
Americans a lot of jobs and finally I
like how the daily newspaper of the
Chinese obviously sanctioned by the
government said the Trump is a street
fighter style okay well that sounds
pretty fun that sounds good deceitful
drama of extortion and intimidation and
they said that he treats the truth with
elasticity that's a polite way of saying
he's a liar it's a polite way of saying
show me the about the very poetic I know
two easy ways to follow young turks one
is hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our video
you
