in a piece of excellent reporting Pro
Publica has uncovered the real forces
behind the VA and the real
decision-makers who are influencing
policy changes at the VA so the VA of
course has been an issue that has been
exploited by politicians namely
politicians like Donald Trump who
claimed that he wanted to fix the VA he
wanted to take care of our veterans but
he has done the exact opposite of that
in fact the only thing that he is
attempted to do is privatize the VA
which could be a complete and utter
disaster but we didn't know until now is
that he has used his cronies at
mar-a-lago to be the real
decision-makers at the VA and those
cronies include Ike Perlmutter mark
Sherman who's a lawyer and also Bruce
Moskowitz who is a Palm Beach doctor
these are all members at mar-a-lago and
essentially Trump got together with them
and was like you know what should I do
at the VA and so he I know it's insane
these are people who have absolutely it
none of them are veterans none of them
have served in our military well no no
let's be fair Perlmutter
is a veteran he's a veteran of the
Israeli army not the US Army let's
just-okay clear about that okay I mean
if he was advising the Israeli VA okay
fair do you but God bless no problem
with that what does he do what are they
doing look I'll tell you look you were
in the details and it's amazing how much
how thoroughly they were running the VA
but it's like you became president and
you're like hey Bob Steve you know your
boys right you guys want to run Veterans
Affairs what Veterans Affairs that's
crazy they have no experience at all and
of course they botch it and they don't
understand it they don't understand it
and they attempted on several instances
to use it for their own financial
benefit right and so I'll give you
examples of that in just a second but
it's the same kind of mentality that we
see from Donald Trump he uses the office
of the president as a way to financially
enrich himself he holds meeting
official meetings at mar-a-lago official
meetings at Trump Tower
that's all taxpayer money in order to
hold these meetings that ends up going
into the pockets of the Trump family
period that's the way it works and so
that's what you see time and time again
with these specific individuals who are
outlined in this incredible piece by
ProPublica so with that said let me give
you some of those details now ProPublica
is referred to this group as an informal
council that is exerting sweeping
influence on the VA from our logo
president Donald Trump's private club in
Palm Beach Florida so as I had mentioned
none of them has ever served in the US
military or even the US government VA
insiders have come to call them the
mar-a-lago crowd so so look Donald Trump
as soon as he became president raised
the price of admission and mar-a-lago
from $100,000 to $200,000 and then
immediately started calling it the
winter white house that's just enriching
yourself at the expense of everyone else
and just brazen brazen now to be fair to
him it turns out maybe it's worth it
right you you join up at mar-a-lago and
he's like which department would you
like to run hey Ike you want run veteran
first have at it Hoss okay now everybody
at veteran affairs you either a report
to Ike or you're fired yes yes so that's
what happened so one thing that was
abundantly clear was that this group did
not get along with David Shulkin because
David Shulkin you know I mean he had his
own scandals his own issues we get that
but at least he understood how the
process works how government works how
you are able to get things done in the
VA whereas these three individuals have
no idea and so they would demand things
and then get extremely angry that there
was a process for it that they wanted to
completely you know circumvent former
administration officials say the VA
leaders who are at odds with the Marla
go crowd were pushed out or passed over
included where the secretary deputy
secretary chief of staff acting under
secretary for health deputy
undersecretary for health Chiefs chief
information officer and the director of
electronic health records
modernization so these are all people
that
we're at odds with the Marlo go crowd
and many of them just lost their jobs as
a result of that what when asked about
this by reporters the mar-a-lago crowd
guys said I mean I don't know why
anybody thought we were running the
place I mean if they we didn't tell them
that if they had that impression I guess
that was the wrong impression well they
might have that impression if they
disagree with you and then they're fired
the next day that would give you an
impression that you were running the
place right and let me be clear about
something else so there are avenues in
which people who are not official
advisors or official government
employees can can help give advice to a
government agency right but there's a
process in which you do that because
there needs to be transparency there
needs to be oversight and in this case
there was no transparency and absolutely
no oversight it's the Federal Advisory
Committee Act of 1972 it does provide a
mechanism for agencies to consult panels
of outside advisors this you know
mar-a-lago crowd does not fall under
that category there was no oversight no
transparency yes so if if I were
president and I knew a number of people
who were new the tech world really well
and we needed to upgrade something in
the thing I would put them on an
advisory board and then you would have
cost controls you would know what they
were doing there was transparency it's
nothing wrong with bringing outside
experts but this is like hey I like Ike
he gave me two hundred thousand the
house to be in mar-a-lago and he's
actually really rich so Trump looks up
to him so why don't you run a random
Department but don't tell anyone and
then fire any one you like
Wow and they had to fly down officials
at taxpayer expense by the way to go and
report in to these three who were
unofficially running the department at
mar-a-lago yeah that's insane and now
they're using taxpayer money for that
insanity where they got to fly tomorrow
logo to get their orders right so
Perlmutter Moskowitz and Sherman acted
like board members founding a CEO to
turn around a struggling company a
former administration official said in
an e-mail or in email after email
officials sought approval from the trio
so they'll argue no I mean come on we
were just giving people some advice you
know what I'm saying but no they weren't
actual
ministration officials had to report
back to them and ask for permission a
lot of times for a research effort on
suicide prevention and for a plan to
recruit experts from academic medical
centers everything needs to be run by
them the first former official said
recalling the process they view
themselves as making the decisions but
but they did make the decisions that's
why if you didn't agree with them you
got fired okay the mar-a-lago cried hey
here's another quote from the great
report from ProPublica spoke with the
veteran fish administration officials
daily they talk to them every day
documents show and review all manner of
policy and personnel decisions look if
you're reviewing all the policy and the
personnel you're running it period at
end of story okay
the part of the Veterans Affairs to
start new programs officials travel to
Mara Lago at taxpayer expense to hear
their views and here's my favorite part
of former administration officials said
quote everyone has to go down and kiss
the ring and now Republicans you were
worried about a deep state people who
are unaccountable and unelected who are
actually secretly running the government
congratulations you have won it's down
at mar-a-lago yeah so I want to give you
at least one example of how they use
this you know how they use the VA for
their own financial benefit now they'll
say no no no there was no financial
benefit whatsoever however starting in
February of 2017
Perlmutter who by the way is the
chairman of Marvel Marvel Comics yeah he
convened a series of conference calls
with executives at Johnson & Johnson
leading to the development of a public
awareness campaign about veterans
suicide so far so good no problems there
however they plan to promote the
campaign by ringing the closing bell at
the New York Stock Exchange around the
time of Veterans Day the event turned
into a promotional opportunity for
Perlmutter's company executives from
Marvel and its parent company Disney
joined Johnson and Johnson as sponsors
of the Veterans Day event at the stock
exchange
David Shulkin rang the closing bell
standing near a preening and flexing
Captain America with spider-man waving
from the trading pit and Marvel swag
distributed to some of the attendees
so in this suicide awareness effort
turned into a massive promotional event
for Marvel that's what that turned into
yeah look guys for me
instinctively I look at that and I think
well maybe it helps the the veterans
things to get cab feel Captain America
spider-man might might draw attention
Pro Mode is already really rich I don't
think he needs that extra promotion but
for people working in government this is
a really big deal you can't and they had
to have meetings about should we have
that have the secretary in this case so
close to what appears to be promoting a
product and they do have to be careful
about stuff like that but to me that
even the worst one was Moskowitz with
Apple so he said he goes down to Apple
and says all right we should develop an
app to get veterans to find nearby
medical services okay it's a reasonable
idea I mean I don't know why you're
involved in this not really part of the
government but okay fine the decent idea
you know who he brought along to the
meeting his son Aaron who is an app
developer and he's like well Aaron can
do it I mean what are we doing here what
now are we now we're pressuring Apple to
pay your son to develop an app you're
not even in the government what the hell
is going on here right of course they
deny everything they're like they don't
deny that Aaron was there if they don't
deny that they wanted the app that he
doesn't deny that Aaron's an app
developer and that's why he was that say
but we weren't gonna profit off of it we
were gonna profit off of it now that all
didn't end up working out and part of
the reason why it didn't work out is
because there was pushback from Shulkin
and so shall I guess what happened
Shogun bye bye bye bye he was fired so
just know what's really going on I mean
the swamp is swampy er than ever and
people who have no experience no
business running something like the VA
are doing just that this is this is
Trump's idea of taking care of our
veterans and so look if this was a
left-wing administration and you got
these guys secretly running a government
organization the right-wing would go
nuts with their conspiracy theories and
they would say that Illuminati and all
that stuff right but guys
so the conspiracies are a lot simpler
they're not you think that there's like
people who are brilliant who are running
things and dun dun dun dun dun dun no
it's a bunch of guys who we're at a
country club they just happen to be rich
and they're like hey Don won the
presidency I don't know how that
happened hey Donny can I run something
I'd like transportation and now somebody
else took transportation and Sue and
Betsy took education and Betsy is
literally one of their donors and
Friends Betsy DeVos etc so what are you
got left
I got Veterans Affairs okay okay then
you go run that Ike and that's your
famous Illuminati it's a bunch of you
know old men who are having fun running
things that they shouldn't be running
okay and so it's not that complicated
it's it's I don't even think it's that
you know nefarious I just think like I
don't think like like I said Perlmutter
doesn't need any extra money right I
think he just felt like this was cool I
get to run Veterans Affairs for no
reason he would call people and say why
aren't you doing it quicker like as if
he was literally the boss like I can't
they just having fun like oh I'm gonna
go play tennis and I'm gonna run
Veterans Affairs but that's not how the
government's supposed to work and we're
supposed to know who's actually running
Veterans Affairs it's supposed to be a
democracy and not have your goofball
friends running parts of the government
no but it's okay I I think you're being
incredibly generous when you say that
there's nothing nefarious or it's not
meant to be nefarious but think about
just think about the context of you know
the distance just think about the
discourse in the country involving
veteran soldiers I mean Donald Trump
will call NFL members sons of bitches
for practicing their First Amendment
right and protesting you know the
ridiculous killings the shootings of
unarmed people black men throughout the
country but and he says that that is
disrespectful to our troops you know
it's really disrespectful to our troops
and our veterans having your
unexperienced or inexperienced buddies
run the VA when the VA should be doing a
better job taking care of our veterans
you don't care about our veterans it's
all talk it's all talk yeah I mean we as
like a gag you give one of your
three-year buddies the Veterans Affairs
Committee or administration to run how
much do you really care about that it's
a great point and imagine if it was a
Democrat who did it they'd be like you
were so careless with veterans and you
put these Schmucks in charge that didn't
know what they were doing and they were
firing people with no accountability
you would have 87 hearings it would be
the top scandal of the Obama
administration by a mile
we'd still be like you would never stop
talking about it this is probably the
very last time you'll hear about it
because the whole Trump has so many
scandals that you just literally can't
keep up two easy ways for young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
