socialism makes me sad Alexa play
Venezuela Venezuela is a corrupt
socialist dictatorship with a rapidly
collapsing economy this fox video is
going viral on Facebook at the moment
with over 6 million views in one day so
we're gonna talk about it why because
Stuart makes some points I actually
agree with here what should we do in my
opinion nothing okay well I agree with
you Stuart especially that the US
shouldn't interfere through military
action either covert or overt even
though it is rather strange you're
mentioning this on the heels of a drone
assassination attempt on Maduro and if
we intervened in any way we would be
accused of Yankee imperialism
this is the seven-layer dip of irony
where a British capitalist is defending
Yankee imperialism I also love this
because Varney acts like the u.s. hasn't
interfered in Venezuelan affairs which
is categorically false we have
instituted all plays in our
latin-american destabilization manual
from coup attempts the sanctions and yes
Maduro is incredibly corrupt and running
the country into the ground on top of
that but Stewart isn't talking about any
of that anyway the important lesson of
Venezuela is for Americans who aren't
health care maybe Venezuela is best used
as an example for our own socialists
here in America oh here we go
Venezuela could be one of those teaching
moments here's a teaching moment for you
Stewart
wanting universal health care is not the
same as turning over this country into a
totalitarian Petro state as a matter of
fact all developed countries have at
least some socialist tendencies even
here in the US where we have
government-run fire departments
libraries public schools
not to mention social security the
socialism I'm simply referring to is a
fairer more equitable means of
distributing the wealth generated by you
and me the workers and unlike Venezuela
which clearly doesn't abide by these
principles social democracies like
Norway and Finland have been able to
offer social safety nets and regulate
industries without resorting to eating
rats
so pretending that the only example of
socialism in this world is this corrupt
Petro state crippled by foreign
sanctions and mismanaged currency going
through a massive economic crisis is
disingenuous but for some reason for
conservative at least trying to make a
point against social programs it's the
only country in the world that comes to
mind also for other boomers the reason
why you're hearing this argument more
and
or is because socialist policies are
understandably gaining popularity which
makes sense since even the Koch brothers
accidentally proved that implementing
universal health care would save us
money so what do you really fear Varney
is it actually Venezuela or the fact
that the status quo is changing and rich
assholes like you might have to pay a
little bit more so that the rest of us
don't have to go bankrupt or die
prematurely just because we get sick I'm
a psalm piker if you're sick and tired
of the Venezuela argument please share
this video with your friends also please
don't forget to leave your thoughts in
the comment section below and don't
forget to download the TYT app it's
available both in the Android and Apple
app stores and this has been the
breakdown
