a Republican New York congressman has
been charged with insider trading this
is a huge story representative
Christopher Collins is the
representative and the accusations
against him are rather serious Chris
Collins was charged with insider trading
he was accused of tipping off his son
and others to sell stock in an
Australian pharmaceutical company before
the results of one of its failed drug
tests became public and that's according
to federal prosecutors now he was deeply
involved with this pharmaceutical
company it's known as innate
immunotherapy Attucks
and he knew about the results of a
failed clinical trial before the public
did so he hit up his son and he's like
yo you need to sell this stock
immediately you're about to lose a ton
of money and that is exactly what
happened so he was attending the
Congressional picnic at the White House
in June of 2017 when he received a
private email from the company's CEO
that indicated that a test for a
potentially lucrative experimental drug
had failed 15 minutes later the
congressman called his son Cameron who
sold his shares in the company avoiding
losses of more than 570 thousand dollars
more than half a million dollars there
so to give you more detail into this
email innate immunotherapy --tx chief
executive Simon Wilkinson sent the email
to the company's board of directors
including Collins at 6:55 p.m. on June
22nd of 2017 explaining that the test
for the drug known in its trial stage as
M is for one six or for 16 had failed so
at that point Collins immediately tries
calling his son right tried calling his
son missed him six times before they
finally had a brief conversation
prosecutors contend that it was during
that conversation that Collins told his
son about the failed drug test
the following morning his son placed an
online order with his brokerage firm
selling more than 16,500 shares of
innate immunotherapy UNIX stock he sold
more stock you know pretty soon after
that
but I mean it's as clear as day and it's
kind of hilarious how poorly he did in
trying to hide all of this okay
so first time I have a little bit of fun
then I'm gonna give you the important
relevant numbers in this story that
gives you an exact view into what's
wrong with this situation but but I like
the idea of the guy calling him and
saying yeah it was a trial didn't work
we're gonna tank the whole company's
gonna tank they lost 90 percent of their
value okay after it became public and so
at that point the congressman thinks he
owns 16% of company you're gonna lose a
lot of money okay and apparently he was
irate at the CEO he's like how could
this have happened how could it have
failed yet sometimes it succeeded
sometimes it fails kind of a risky
venture but apparently you didn't know
that that doesn't give me a lot of
confidence in your thing you know the
CEO might have also told him
show me the bottle okay so the numbers
he gets the call from the CEO he calls
his son within 15 minutes come on and
we're done with this come on we're
already open he said if you're on the
jury
okay tells him but then the second
number is what you mentioned he called
him six times come on okay join his time
that's right he gets this email and all
of a sudden he calls his son misses him
six times I mean he was persistent I
mean what else could he want to
communicate with his son he's having a
fantastic time at this picnic ya know
here's what he wanted to communicate
your son we gotta go show me the buttock
so he finally gets his son on the phone
and like if somebody calls me like he
missed them six times got on the seventh
time actually somebody calls me seven
times I think somebody died like like
this is like nobody calls seven times
unless there's no emergency and by the
way why not just leave a message because
he doesn't want it recorded that hey
sell the stock because I got insider
information that it's gonna tank that's
why he calls him seven times he's so
guilty
so incredibly guilty but here's what I
find to be an even more interesting
number now look it to be fair to them so
then his son goes in and tells us fiance
tells us fiancees father father who all
have money in the in the in this company
okay they were all in it together
together they avoided they all sell they
all do a set of trading their fiance's
father is also charged okay with insider
trading together they would have lost
but instead saved seven hundred and
sixty eight thousand dollars look that's
a ton of money but the important and
relevant number is Collins is already
worse sixty six million dollars boom so
then I immediately think look what
you're doing is brazen I mean this is
the most obvious insider trading I've
ever seen any prosecutor that gets that
our hands on that information in your
toast
if you already have sixty six million
dollars why not bite the bullet and lose
the half a million three quarters of a
million you still have sixty five left
you're gonna be alright instead of going
to prison and getting you know
humiliated and run out of Congress and
run out of office and then it occurred
to me how do you think he got this sixty
six million by doing shady deals like
this probably a thousand times and this
is the time that he got caught why did
he do this if it was by itself it makes
no sense that risk even though it's a
lot of money it's not worth the risks
not remotely worth the risk but
unfortunately a lot of times these folks
the way they got the money in the first
place is by being shameless and by doing
these deals non-stop and by the way
never getting caught so that's why you
think okay I'm not gonna wait a day so
it seems like I could at least have a
plausible argument if I waited two days
because if this stock actually didn't it
wasn't made public until a couple of
days later yeah he actually could have
done it in a way that it wasn't panicked
it was less obvious right no he calls
right away he calls seven times the
whole thing is super obvious because
he's probably done it in a super obvious
way so many times before had never
gotten caught yeah so that's why they
act the way that they do you know
legendary musical artists once said
dirty deeds done dirt cheap and this is
an example of that but you know what
yeah sometimes
there comes a cost and right now his
life is basically in jeopardy his career
everything he's worked for hasn't worked
for it's all in jeopardy I mean come on
how greedy do you have to be you're
right just bite the bullet take the loss
don't risk everything to save $500,000
for your son you know seven hundred
thousand dollars seven hundred
sixty-eight thousand dollars with your
son's father-in-law involved as well
it's the greed that risks is the
sixty-six million dollars in his career
but it's the greed that built the 66
million dollars in the first place
likely yeah right to be fair to him I
don't know how he got the other 66 right
but his actions indicate a carelessness
and ease with breaking the law
that shows you he doesn't really have a
second thought to it it's not he's not
even concerned about breaking the law
because again if you're not familiar
with this portion of the law this is
insider trading 101 so it is totally
illegal obviously illegal if you have
inferred he's on the board of this
company the CEO the company is calling
him telling him public information
before I'm sorry private information
before becomes public and it can be
traded upon the stock drops 90% it's not
subtle it didn't drop 3% a could have
gone either way they just had a bad day
at the market no he dropped 90% there is
no clearer case of insider trading based
on the publicly available evidence here
than this but he does it anyway without
a second's hesitation so there may be
other lawmakers implicated in this
because it appears that he also no one
else is charged let me be clear about
that in terms of other lawmakers but
there is some indication that he was
urging others either elected officials
or officials to buy this stock and so
who knows what could come of those cases
but just to give you a few examples
there was Tom Price who served as
Secretary of Health and Human Services
he was accused of taking advantage of a
special deal of innate stock only
available to a select number of
lawmakers at a discount offered by
Collins
they're also shady remember Tom Price
the guy who is
because of other corruption problems
from the Trump administration he also
had enormous conflict of interest
problems when he was in the house and he
would trade on her information that he
got as a congressman and I got him into
trouble earlier and now he's taking
discounts from other congressmen etc so
Tom price it's completely unsurprising
that he's on this list I would have been
surprised if he wasn't on the list I
mean you're gonna do you're gonna talk
about insider trading tom price is like
me me who's in I'm in whose health was
doing insider trading well I'd like to
be it the price is right okay okay okay
so I'm about to show you something that
is incredible so this is an interview
between Wolf Blitzer and representative
Collins in January of 2017 so at this
point there's absolutely no discussion
about insider trading but there are some
concerns about Tom price and you know
the fact that he had bought stock in
this pharmaceutical company you know did
Collins urge him to do it that's what
the whole context of this conversation
is about so just pay careful attention
to how representative Collins handles
the question during the confirmation
hearings
Congressman Tom price a friend of yours
colleague facing some serious questions
ethics questions after acting on a stock
tip from you did you encourage him to
buy stock in this in this company called
innate in me immunotherapy Unix
no absolutely not there every there was
nothing done that was insider trading or
unethical it's probably what I am most
proud of I talked about it at breakfast
lunch and dinner like I do my kids and
my wife did you tell Tom price telling
Tom price is not a crime you can tell
Tom price all day long right so if
there's no son training I'm telling you
right now there's no insider trading
okay all right interesting and I did not
have sex with that guy I didn't I didn't
I don't know why you said I didn't say
that why are you saying by the way so
price is shady for other reasons that I
explained he got the
discount that's a little Shady I want to
be fair Mike Conaway is is one of the
six that bought this stock he does not
sit on any committee that is relevant
and he did not get a discount so I don't
say anything wrong there and there's no
indication that he did insider trading
and dump the stock that Collins called
everybody but him anyway so if you got a
guy like that that's there's nothing
wrong there as far as I can see so far
on the other hand Lamborn Doug Lamborn
who's a Republican of Colorado and Mark
Wayne Mullen Republican of Oklahoma they
sit on a relevant committee that affects
that stock ah well that's the swamp you
can't be voting on things that might
affect stock that you own that's totally
unacceptable for conflicts of interest
in regards to your job as a congressman
so that's a separate problem the one
that's clearest is obviously Collins
problem because he did insider trading
101 and now they caught him and in his
own a world of trouble and I also want
to just end on one other important note
so there are clearly conflicts there's a
conflict of interest as he's a lawmaker
he's also serving on the board of this
pharmaceutical company and so does that
at all impact the job he's doing in
Congress of course it does so after
entering office in 2013
Collins worked on passing a provision
that would speed up the drug approval
process let's just keep it real okay
obviously their financial interests
their financial incentives play a huge
role in the types of laws that they push
through Congress that they aggressively
try to pass through Congress and that's
certainly the case with what he wanted
to do with drug approvals on a federal
level these guys are so corrupt it's
unreal the corruption is taken over the
entire body politic I mean and in once
you open the door and you say oh we're
gonna get into office by taking
legalized bribes then isn't really that
much of a stretch for those same
unprincipled unscrupulous people who got
an office by taking what we now bribes
have become legal you just
I take it from a pharmaceutical company
I take it from a defense contractor
company and what do I do I start wars
than the defense contractor gets rich I
say you cannot negotiate drug prices for
Medicare my donors get rich well why
don't I get rich - okay I'm gonna pass a
law that not only helps my donors but it
helps me I'm gonna say okay you know
what we're gonna speed up that drug
approval process because I have a
company that needs a drug approval and
then they wonder why nobody trusts
Congress this is why nobody trusts
Congress because they are crooks and in
this system invites crooks in so if
you're a principled person you're gonna
have a little bit of trouble taking
money from a oil company and then
letting them pollute right and knowingly
deregulating so they can pollute streams
that may be kids swimming you're gonna
have trouble doing that but crooks have
no problem doing that they're like oh
great you're gonna give me that bribe
and I'm gonna do you a solid and that
guy's gonna get sick who cares
then we shouldn't be surprised that
Congress is filled with people like
Collins who are total and utter
criminals two easy ways to follow the
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
