so last week Donald Trump was in
Pennsylvania at a rally doing what
Donald Trump does making a fool out of
himself and the video that we're about
to show you is Donald Trump not
understanding geography I have great
respect for the UK United Kingdom great
respect people call it Britain they call
it Great Britain they call it they used
to call in England different parts
Donald Trump okay so let's say he wasn't
wrong right like let's say in a perfect
scenario he actually understands the
geography and he manages to communicate
the geography accurately even in that
best-case scenario it makes him look
dumb and the reason why it makes him
look dumb is because why why why are we
having a conversation about this it
makes it abundantly clear that you
literally just learned about it right
yeah the UK United Kingdom
no one knew it was called the United
Kingdom until I mentioned it right now
who would have known just stop talking
stop talking all right
so two points about that first of all I
don't know why you would say that would
I know for a fact you know I'm like a
smart person okay okay so the reason
he's saying these things to give a
literal answer to Anna's question is
because he made a fool of himself when
he was over at the United Kingdom which
nobody knew it was the United Kingdom
until he figured or not and he actually
had said something worse that I flipped
out over and did a YouTube live video on
a weekend over and he'd said a number of
rambling things that were all wrong
about the UK every part of it was wrong
but my favorite part was that he thought
Ireland was part of the UK
Ireland's a totally different country
mm-hmm totally different okay that's
like thinking Canada's part of America
okay and so or perhaps okay
so that was way worse I think this is
him trying to make up for it by going
you know uh UK it's also Great Britain
you say I got that figure or Britain and
then or it used to be called England now
England is a part of the United Kingdom
but it's different parts that's him
trying to brag like I know that
England's actually a part of the United
Kingdom I know you don't know that
nobody knows that but you know one of my
advisers just told me after I made an
ass out of myself earlier you know there
are ports there are parts that it's
talking okay so that wasn't all that
happened okay so that was during the
rally
apparently earlier while speaking to
Piers Morgan on Air Force One he said
the following now this quote was cited
as something that Trump had said to
Theresa May but that is actually
inaccurate this is a real quote from
Donald Trump but he actually said this
to Piers Morgan that quote we would make
a great deal with the United Kingdom
because they have product that we like I
mean they have a lot of great product
they make phenomenal things you know and
you know have different names you can
say England you can say UK you can say
United Kingdom so many different names
Great Britain I also say which one do
you prefer Great Britain you understand
what I'm saying
right yeah you know I know but a lot of
people don't know that but you have a
lot of different names
the fact is made I'm sorry the fact is
you made great product you make great
things even your farm product is so
fantastic I mean he he literally sounds
mentally challenged you make product you
make good product me like products we
need he sounds like an old SNL skit yeah
the caveman lawyer right Mike what was
that about like the American people
deserve to know what was that statement
about and what product are you talking
about you make great products even farm
product it's fed it's a really good
product I just what is the product to
the headaches anyway so look guys if you
see if you are a little confused but
yeah about the difference between you
know Kingdom in Great Britain that's
okay we fine yeah I'll be fine it's
complicated it's confusing for an
average people it's fine to make
mistakes right he is the president
the United States of America right you
should know just geography the geography
of our allied countries so and so
there's two parts of that one is what
Anna's point I mean he's not a plumber
he's the president if you're gonna go to
the United Kingdom and you don't know it
like maybe a little Googler while no
one's looking you're a little
embarrassed as your assistants right but
you have a tweeter machine I know you
use it all the time you know that
smartphone it actually has Google on it
too and you could just type it in
hey what is United Kingdom so you don't
humiliate yourself but he won't do 15
seconds of homework even though that's
his job as president I mean we're not
talking about Sri Lanka I mean if you
don't know the different districts of
Sri Lanka even if you're president I
would if I'm going to Sri Lanka I'd
study up on it right but it's the UK or
Great Britain or Britain or parts or
England or Ireland right part of the UK
okay so that's point one point two is
yeah Anna's first point hush up like if
you're giving a speech for whatever
reason right I don't know what your job
is but you're giving this to me
somewhere and it goes through your head
you know I don't really know the
difference between UK and Great Britain
I've always kind of wondered that I you
know what you do you just say one of
them and move on right you say oh well
it's had a great trip to the United
Kingdom and move on but don't get into
an England and there are parts and you
used to call it great because you don't
know you don't know so you as a smart
person as some what halfway rational
person you would think let me not get
myself in trouble here right yeah if I
do I got to get out right away and you
don't go back now he's trying to clarify
so he goes back to it and wilkes-barre
Pennsylvania anyway okay just in case
you're wondering United Kingdom is
overall country okay Great Britain is
the island okay Ireland is another
Island it's also a country Northern
Ireland is in the island of Ireland but
in Northern Ireland is part of the
country of the United Kingdom now it is
norther Island is also called a country
Wales Scotland and England are called
countries but they are part of the
nation of the United Kingdom okay so and
Great Britain is not a word that is it's
refers to the island it is actually not
a political term it is not the nation of
Great Britain it's the United Kingdom
okay and look fact the fact that
Scotland Wales England or the nylon are
called countries but they're part of the
country of the United Kingdom definitely
confusing if you're not from that neck
of the woods gooo go it it takes 15
seconds if you're a plumber you never
have to google it if you're the
president for God's sake do some
presidenting - easy wasteful young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
