Kansas City Star reports voting this is
the headline voting machine issues
unacceptable in Johnson County okay good
that's a good solid headline for a story
like this I was worried about the press
reaction like it's all fine
that is a headline that indicates it is
not fine good that's a good start okay
they continued this is the beginning of
the article
scattered problems with new voting
machines in Johnson County Tuesday where
a serious disappointment election
officials must make sure these issues
are resolved before November I look the
people writing this is their editorial
board they clearly have good intent and
they're trying to do the best they can
but I already have problems with that
paragraph because yeah they got to get
resolved by November but they also gonna
have to get resolved right now that
November is not the only important
election the welder election and the
Kovak election are incredibly important
and the Secretary of State is running
his own election so all right anyway the
county spent more than ten million
dollars to buy the new machines now this
is good news which provide a paper audit
trail in case of any disputed to outcome
the county's old machines were outdated
and needed to be replaced and we have no
quarrel with that decision
so obviously this issue has been going
on throughout the day because the Kansas
City Star wrote about this earlier this
opinion now it's almost 11 o'clock
Pacific almost two o'clock Eastern in
the morning
right so but at least it appears there
is a paper audit trail that's also good
news so they explained but some of the
new machines simply didn't work on
Tuesday leading some voters to give up
and go to work
oh Jesus Paul poll workers were seemed
unsure of a back-up plan
oh boy some voters think ballots may
have been miscast I read that one race
went on to a second screen yeah it says
that here as well so look I would
normally if we were not on live and had
time to prepare etc I would give you
snippets of this and analysis and
content
but it is happening live right now and
I'm reading from the local papers here
to tell you what's going on so it is to
John's point other voters were confused
because at least one race extended to a
second screen that confusion extended
voting times for some there are also
reports of registration problems okay so
now here comes the official BS Johnson
County Election Commission Ronnie
Metzger called a hiccups minor he said
quote we did have a slow start in some
places what are you talking about it's
now I think one in that and one in the
morning in Kansas you still are not
reporting results
we're live you don't tell me later that
we this didn't happen because it's
happening right now minor hiccups well
where the hell's the vote who won who
lost
what do you mean minor hiccups they
polls closed what now eleven six at
least five hours ago right
what minor hiccups we said slow start in
some places at the very least we're
still hiccupping yeah and you got a very
slow finish let alone your slow start
but this is what local officials do they
immediately do cover-ups
oh it's fine he's fine we just had a
slow start to minor hiccups okay then
what's the result I don't have the
result well I said it was minor I
thought you said it was a hiccup so
what's the rest I don't know I don't
have it okay I'm just gonna keep on
reading it to you what their reports are
some problems are probably unavoidable
whenever new technology is deployed to
Kansas City Star says but Johnson County
could have clearly developed an
emergency plan to make sure voters could
cast ballots easily and quickly
obviously they have no emergency plan as
you can see again
Kansas City Star goes back to their
concern about the general election in
November where there's going to be
heavier turnout I'm worried about this
election I'm very worried about November
but I'm also really really worried that
you have a Secretary of State in a race
that is razor thin overseen by the
Secretary of State and then you have a
massive irregularity which is then
characterized as a minor hiccup in the
middle
of it not being resolved if it was hey
even if it took five six eight hours and
yest
and the next day you pretend it was a
minor hiccup okay
that's BS and we know it's BS but maybe
it's plausible when you tell me it's a
minor hiccup now and you don't have the
votes and you don't have the results
well then it's obvious that you're lying
and then I've got bigger problems yeah
okay let's go to Mexico and find out who
this guy is
they say massacre in particular must
make sure all conceivable problems are
addressed in 2016 Johnson County faced
enormous problems in counting ballots
and reporting results that experience
cannot be repeated in 2018 look again
for one more time Kansas City Star you
hearts in the right place you know good
reporting I'm getting my reporting from
you I'm saying it on air okay I'm trying
to give you all the credit you can get
okay but this is like the third time now
that you've said hey this could be a
problem later no it's a problem right
now those elections are super important
one is for governor the other one's for
Congress it's a very very hotly
contested race in Kansas City's third
District which is Johnson County you
have millions of dollars that were spent
on that race you've got a it may be the
most important battle between
progressives and Democrats and establish
them to Democrats in the whole country
in that race right now tonight live we
don't have the results so don't talk to
me about November until you figure out
what the hell's going on right now mess
you say that one of the reasons I'm
worried is if the local press goes well
golly gee willikers you know there's a
bit of a problem I sure hope they get it
straightened out by November and we'll
stay on them but wait wait wait no no no
no no stay on them for what just
happened or hasn't even happened yet
because they still don't have the
results am I being clear enough that
this is unacceptable and that as we do
it live because I'm worried tomorrow
morning they're gonna say I tell it's
all gone it's all fine it's fine it was
a minor hiccup but we had it all figured
out I'm telling you right now 5-hour
hours after the polls closed
they do not have it figured out that's a
fact okay so what if they say oh what
we'll fix it by November that is not an
acceptable answer okay
Metzger former chairman of the Johnson
County Republican Party and a former
state legislator was appointed to his
position by Kansas secretary of state
Kris Kobach Kris Kobach is losing
according to those results the results
that came in before the computer glitch
I put it in quotes because it might
really be a computer glitch but I don't
know and I certainly don't trust Metzger
okay who's at a minimum totally
incompetent
so Kovac is losing there's a computer
glitch and a guy who is in charge as the
guy who pointed by Kovac if you don't go
hmm that's interesting
are you doing your job or you're just
gonna take their word for it oh wow
Kovacs lackey says go back one we're
moving on we don't know yet maybe Amy
won't say that go back one maybe it
really is a computer glitch no I'm
serious hey hey we all know the
situation not about this agreement
because I don't I I I'm not jumping to
any conclusions because there's only one
way to find out which is the verifying
this vote both for the welder race and
for the Kobach race so but what I don't
want is people to not verify it and move
on like everything's normal
yeah okay so and smex is Italy it can be
yeah so look last paragraph here from
the Kansas City Star Metzger and his
colleagues could go a long way to
dispelling any concerns by studying
tuesday's problems and addressing them
before the general election on November
6 they do the voters in this county
deserve a voting process that's simple
quick easy and fair no based on this the
minute they call any results official
everybody's gonna move on Oh
make sure you're okay November first of
all how are you gonna make sure they're
okay November this counties had now
apparently problems in twenty massive
problems in 2016
now massive problems in 2018
how in the world would we have any
insurance that they're not gonna have
ramen November besides which focus focus
there's an election right now we're in
the middle of it and they're not just
important to Kansas nice as important to
third districts not just important to
Johnson County
these elections Kobach is a national
figure okay he might go on to much
larger things if he wins he might not if
he doesn't there's a lot of people in
this country including us who think he's
a very dangerous figure and so these are
national significance these races very
very important so please stop talking
about future elections months from now I
want you to do that as soon as this one
is resolved but it is not resolved so
since we have no idea how long this is
going to take and we have no assurances
they are even going to sort it out
tonight
supposedly Kris Kobach has said although
I have not seen the direct quote that by
4:00 a.m. their time I assume we should
know how would he even know that I have
known and by the way it's Kris Kobach
one of the people in the race he's
waiting to find out if he won from his
Lackey who's in charge of an incredible
minimum a massively incompetent
situation now if you if you're a
reporter that is not absolutely outraged
and demands 100 percent verification for
this you're not really a reporter so if
you're at the Kansas City Star and again
I'm look I'm not prejudging you I'm a
little concerned about your obsession
with future elections but overall your
reporting is important and we appreciate
it and that it's helped us get shed
light into this situation okay but if
you're at the Kansas City Star you're at
any of these other papers in Kansas
you're in a national newspaper
organization massive national
ramifications here you should be down in
Kansas going what the hell happened here
and unless you could show to us with our
own eyes
that it is a hundred percent verified it
is not our job in the media to trust you
it's not our job to take your word
for it it's our job to verify and by the
way if you don't do your job you know
what it unleashes into the world a
thousand conspiracy theories yep because
if you if we can't get New York Times
Washington Post Kansas City Star whoever
to say no no we saw the paper ballots
and we are sure that this election is on
the level I guarantee you it everything
spreads like wildfire out there you
never know they they did this and they
did that whoever loses it doesn't matter
which side loses right it will launch a
thousand conspiracies and people will be
walking around with letters on their
heads and shirts yours from now based on
this nonsense for God's sake let's all
do our jobs
let's have systems that verify the votes
let's have reporters that demand those
that verification
