brant welder running in Kansas third
District very progressive you all know
that and we've covered them a lot we've
done 40 videos about Brent while they're
either interviews or videos about him
he's been on the damage report as well
right
even more than a Casa Cortez we've done
34 videos about her before her election
and he's up against the number of Denver
has six overall one of the guys who is
not going to finish in the top three had
my favorite slogans of all time two of
my favorites and in the beginning he was
doing well but he dropped out of the top
three and his two slogans were the
courage to compromise
oh and leading from the middle no but by
definition you cannot lead from the
middle like leading from behind even
makes more sense than leading from the
middle because you can push yeah right
you could push you could maybe go in the
other direction but if you're in the
middle you literally cannot lead you're
in the middle okay and maybe he
understood at least the logical fallacy
of it halfway through his campaign he
changed it to leading from the center I
doesn't seem that much better you know
it does it okay so but that right there
encapsulates the establishment democrat
idea which is in place like Kansas don't
actually make your own case make the
Republican case but say I'm not as
Extreme as the Republican well guess
what happens you lose you lose all the
time that district voted for Hillary
Clinton in the general election voted
for Bernie Sanders in the primary season
now why would Kevin Yoder win that seat
when he is a terrible incredibly
right-wing Republican who works for his
donors almost got no small contributions
at all most and he is the number one
recipient of payday lenders in the
country their donations he is as corrupt
and as right-wing as you could imagine
why would he win in that district the
only way he wins is if Democrats keep
running saying the people of that
district Republicans are right but not
but then just a little too much you vote
for a Republican light
it's a terrible strategy so now those
two slow this representative but
unfortunately the two people that are in
the top three with Brent
we don't know what's gonna happen right
now because it's election night and the
results haven't come in yet we're not
much better and so part it's not because
they're bad people okay but they're
consultants I keep telling them whatever
we do don't take a position you don't
want to offend anyone don't take a
position don't dump your progressive and
scans don't tell them it's progressive
well Brandis happened to be bold and he
said no I am going to tell them I'm
progressive I am going to tell them now
I'm gonna fight for Medicare for all so
they actually have insurance for their
families I'm gonna tell them I'm gonna
fight for $15 minimum wage I'm gonna
tell them I'm gonna fight for cause for
all I would have put it in my ads I'm
gonna put it prominently on my website
I'm gonna go all over the media who ever
will have me and I'm gonna proudly
declare it well lo and behold he started
rising and rising and all now he as we
went into the election he had a lead now
as an example of what's wrong with the
other candidates I'm going to run you
one of their videos one of their ads
this is Cherise David's she is supported
by the Washington Democrats more than
any of other candidates Tom nietzermann
is a private school teacher he had a lot
decent number of wealthy folks in Kansas
who supported him it is what it is okay
but the big Washington groups came in
for David's including emesis we spent
over six hundred and thirty thousand
dollars oh so now I have my strong
opinions about this but I'm gonna save
them till after you watch the ad it's
just a 30-second ad but I want you to
think about what is she saying in this
ad do you like the message she's giving
and what is the message so think about
that as you watch that watch Cherise
David's fights for progress always has
raised by an army drill sergeant single
mother she knows the importance of
service and hard work from Community
College to cornell law then on to the
White House fighting the whole way she
never backs down not in the ring not to
the NRA or Trump in the Republicans in
Washington
she's fierce she's progressive she's a
fighter and now's her time a different
fight in a different ring what was that
I'm okay so what do we get out of that
ad she's a fighter
okay great what are you gonna fight for
holy that's right the only issue that
was mentioned was saying all right now
how does she fight against the NRA did
she actually fight against the NRA will
she fight against it all right well she
promised to fight so that's one thing
okay and she was she's qualified very
qualified to be went to good schools
working the Obama White House they she's
gonna fight against Trump she had a
curious way of showing it because she
actually worked in the Trump White House
too now
it was started it was a fellowship that
started in the Obama White House but she
could have resigned but didn't that's
okay I'm not holding it much against her
I'm just saying I look at that ad I have
no idea what you're for she says that
she's a progressive I have been looking
over her statements about various issues
I mean there is a range inside of
progressive but none of her positions
are leaping out to me as an incredibly
progressive and I will say just she says
the NRA that's the one specific that we
have there I'm looking at her section on
our website on gun safety and this is
hardly what I would consider on the
extreme end of gun control positions
it's expanded background checks that's
good like ninety or about 110 percent of
the country supports that so that's good
three percent yeah never accepting
campaign contributions from the gun
lobby treat gun violence as a public
health issue support a holistic approach
to reducing gun violence that's nothing
that's a baby not assault weapon that's
not nothing burger that's just little I
kind of well guns I guess they're bad I
guess they kill people I'll take the one
thing that I'll actually state a
position on the federal background
checks 93% of Americans agree with ooh
very very bold and and so and by the way
she says she won't take money from the
gun lobby but she will take money from
all other lobbies I mean that's why it's
important to run as an uncorrupted
person not taking any corporate bank by
the lake Prentiss
but my overall point guys is why would
you vote for her so their strategy is
don't tell people what you're for
because they might find out you're a
Democrat well that's a losing strategy
by definition in a general election so I
know you could win a primary and we
don't know yet what's going to happen
you could win a primary but just buying
it just Emily's list comes in and goes
and Emmas is almost every time supports
the more conservative candidate so
they're like okay she's more
conservative she's gonna get along great
with our Washington friends so let's
pour in you know an ungodly sum of money
and but Charisse whatever you do don't
tell any of your positions I don't know
maybe she's turned out to be a great
progressive but we're totally stabbing
in the dark here we don't know there's
just the wild wild guess because she
won't tell us anywhere policy positions
but likely she will not be a bold
progressive because she's not even bold
now she's so afraid of putting your own
positions whatever the hell they might
be and maybe part of the reason she's
afraid of putting her positions in the
ads or on our website or when the press
talks to her is because her positions
are not that progressive and I mean I'm
looking over her you know on the economy
fight for a true tax cut for the middle
class that's not like she says that the
Republican tax bill is a corporate
giveaway it doesn't say repeal it or
anything like that on education it's
like yeah yeah oh this looks okay and
health care continued expansion of
Medicaid stop allowing allows Medicare
to negotiate drug but okay that's that's
something that was impressive two
decades ago on the environment this this
is nothing on the environment it's it's
just weak its weak and maybe it's weak
because they think they need to hide it
in advance of the election or maybe it's
weak because as Jake is saying there's
really nothing beyond that
maybe she's a lovely person but if you
are an actual progressive as you claim
to be in your ads you could provide
evidence of it on the thing that you
have 100% control over which is the
Sherry's for Congress calm slash
priorities section of your website so
she not gonna fight for you oh I was an
MMA fighter I can't imagine anything I
care less about were you also a
championship bowler who cares why would
I care about that what a preposterous
thing to brag about but to the people
consultants from Washington they like oh
that's so cool she was an MMA fighter
and then we'll
ever do this in the ad and it'll seem
like she's fighting for you what is she
fighting for don't tell anybody I don't
tell anybody I prefer to another banker
yeah that okay so and so I'll take the
healthcare example okay expanded
Medicaid that's okay that's Obamacare so
you just want to stick with Obamacare
okay I guess I think that's your
position I guess that's okay
it's definitely not Medicare for all
which means if that's all you put that
means you're against Medicare for all
other wise you would have said it right
expanded Medicaid means I just want to
stick with Obamacare okay and negotiate
drug prices with Medicare on for
Medicare with to the drug companies
that's the position
everybody has Trump had that position
they never mean it and like a standard
politician I'm not at all sure you mean
it so finally we are told by some no no
you have to bow your heads and vote for
her why cuz she's Native American and
she's part of the LGBT community that's
not a thing so people get mad at me but
Ben Carson's african-american that
doesn't mean that your vote for Betsy
DeVos is female 9 doesn't mean I should
vote for her okay what I care about
and what voters care about is what are
your policy positions what are you
actually going to do for your voters for
your voters now if it turns out that you
are from a community that they are from
and you were going to represent them
because you have that perspective well
that's interesting and that's great and
that's wonderful but if you tell me no I
checked off a box but I ain't gonna do
anything for you I'm not gonna promise
to do anything for you but I have these
identities and so you should vote for me
that is not an interesting position at
all that sways me zero percent so now
people can get upset say no it should
sway you what ten percent a hundred
percent fifty percent I don't know what
you think the number is I mean I don't
know I guess because this country is so
obsessed with identity if you are
attacking African Americans I'm going to
attack back because everybody in this
country has to be treated equally
so the lunatic right
wing says oh you know you guys are
against white people are you nuts okay I
do see how white John is okay of course
we're not against white people what kind
of a lunatic would be against white
people right so all we want is equal
rights it's not too much to ask for
equal justice and that unarmed African
Americans don't get shot at a greater
rate that Latinos are just not
discriminated against that they're not
called rapists and criminals like Donald
Trump that Native Americans are not
brutalized as they are as they were at
Standing Rock which we covered more than
anyone else that people are in the LGBT
community have the right to marriage
just like everyone else does we're
supposed to be equal citizens we will
fight for those policy positions a
hundred percent and you will never get
us to back down but if you say to me
I've got somebody who is not necessarily
even going to fight for those positions
but they're in the right category I find
that enormous ly uninteresting I mean
and I guess some people think oh you
know you must support your own identity
if there was a Turkish guy running I
could there's nothing that I would care
less about who cares who cares these
Turkish is atheist he's Muslim back I
don't care why would I care what is he
going to do to represent the people in
his district is he gonna fight for us is
she gonna fight for us or not
so Alexandria Castillo Cortes you think
we like her because she's latina no we
like us because she's a fighter for you
and she has the right policy position so
you think we like Brent Walder cos he's
a white male no we like him because he's
gonna fight for you their identity might
help them give have a certain
perspective that could be helpful and if
we have and if we do elections right
we'll actually have everybody
represented if we're actually treat
people equally with equal justice and
have a great democracy that actually
works god help us I hope one day right
when we get money out of politics but
the most important thing is to make sure
that you vote for people that actually
have the policy positions you agree with
so I if you do all the people who said
you should have just voted for Cherise
David's based on our identity I find
that to be a bizarre
request and one that I do not support
