following various online social media
platforms banning Alex Jones for his
conspiracy theories and his deaf
defamatory language toward victims of
mass shootings conservatives are now
fighting pretty aggressively to go after
these platforms and get Alex Jones back
on them so conservative cites questioned
whether Jones was being singled out
because of his politics okay so let's
stop right there
no he is not being singled out because
of his politics that would indicate that
he is a rational person who just has
opinions that differ from everyone
else's opinions but what Alex Jones does
is not political commentary what Alex
Jones does is defamation he slanders
innocent people he directs violence
toward their direction
I mean I'm gonna keep sharing the story
of the Posner family okay who lost their
six-year-old son in the Sandy Hook
shooting they had to move six separate
times because Alex Jones claimed that
that Newtown massacre was a false flag
operation to take our guns away from us
that it was done by the government in an
effort to take our guns away from us as
a result numerous people have
continuously DOX that family have gone
after that family harassed that family
one woman was sentenced to five years in
prison because she was incessantly
threatening and and harassing that
family okay that's who Alex Jones is so
this is not a discussion about a
political debate this is a discussion
about someone spreading lies about
innocent people and destroying their
lives and if you can't understand that
that is not protected speech even on a
federal level then you need to read the
Constitution and understand what the
Constitution contains besides which this
is not an issue of the First Amendment
we're talking about private companies
who have the ability to do whatever they
want if someone does not follow their
guidelines so I am actually a little bit
worried about one Democratic senator
going a little too far I'll get to him
in a second
but Caleb akarma at mediate with an
excellent
piece of research and all he had to do
was go to Alex Jones own website so it
turns out there they have a very clear
policy for their Terms of Service that's
right so it says on Alex Jones the site
you will not post anything libelous the
Favot or harmful threatening harassing
abusive invasive or another's privacy
hateful racially or ethnically
objectionable or otherwise illegal you
will not make threats other users or
people not associated with the site if
you violate these rules your posts
and/or your username will be deleted
remember you are a guest here it is not
censorship if you violate the rules and
your post is deleted oh my goodness is
Alex Jones against free speech is that
what's happening is he censoring us last
line all civilizations have rules and if
you violate them you can expect to be
ostracized yeah from the tribe yeah
these conservatives who keep whining and
crying about censorship and free speech
they have profited handsomely off of
this nonsense
and so what Alex Jones is doing again
for the billionth time is not exercising
his free speech he is defaming people
which by the way is is something that
he's facing lawsuits for and so then you
have The Drudge Report with a headline
that says Apple regulates hate no Apple
is not regulating hate this is not about
hate speech as we mentioned on the show
numerous times I do not believe hate
speech should be banned but what he is
doing is directing violence toward
innocent people by claiming that their
crisis actors that they're really
government agents that are trying to
take your guns away I mean these people
have already been victimized they lost
their six-year-old and and now we have
both Democrats Republicans liberals and
conservatives fighting for him why
because you're afraid you're gonna be
censored really you're gonna put
yourself in the same pool as Alex Jones
Oman man it's so pathetic we'll cross
that bridge if and when we get there but
when Alex Jones is doing is disgusting
and to see all these people fight for
him as if he's a good person and an
honest actor it's pathetic and
embarrassing period so one of the
ben shapiro why don't you buy me a
thousand right-wingers on youtube and
facebook and i mean have you ever been
on youtube yeah have you ever been on
facebook there's a million conservatives
so why didn't they get banned because
they're not doing what alice jose is
doing and by the way a lot of them have
low sim appears i disagree with almost
all of them that's nothing who cares
that's called america and then some of
them have hateful opinions about muslims
are you kidding me right and on and on
it goes
but i look for example man shapiro
talking about how palestinians live in
the gutter and the settlements rock and
all that stuff there's no settlement
rocks a totally political opinion is
that's i think that's crazy but that's
fine it's a debate right going after
palestinians for being palestinian i
think is terrible I think it's bigoted
should he be banned for that no no we we
need to have give wide berth to opinions
so that we could have an exchange of
ideas and yes in my opinion that means
but there'll be a lot of hateful things
said offensive things said that we have
to tolerate and if we don't Lauder we
back to we're back to mainstream media
and only constricted thought and what is
allowed and not allowed okay but that is
not what this is exactly so Alex Jones
goes way beyond that he Anna's been
saying all along
he keeps encouraging people who are
already mentally unstable to go do
things in the real world against people
like the Posner so that's my beef with
him yeah so can it go too far
and by the way the biggest suck up to
your point Anna is Ted Cruz what a sad
pathetic man no but Ted Cruz who
defended Alex Jones in a tweet it goes
beyond that because it shows you just a
complete misunderstanding of what free
speech is in this country right he is a
u.s. senator you should be aware of what
the First Amendment entails but let's go
to graphic 40 he tweets the following
and no fan of Jones among other things
he has a habit of repeatedly slandering
my dad by falsely and absurdly accusing
him of killing JFK but who the hell made
Facebook the arbiter of political speech
free speech includes views you disagree
with okay slander
is not protected speech okay defamation
libel slander it is not protected speech
it is not protected by the First
Amendment period there are limitations
to the First Amendment period Ted Cruz
claims that he's a constitutional expert
what a joke
so lots of great points made about Ted
Cruz but one I enjoy the mostest so you
claim that you're not doing this to
pander to the extreme right wing who you
think you need for when you think you're
gonna run for president yeah and that's
not gonna happen because you're gonna
lose the better or or can not be a
senator and humiliated out of office but
you think you need that fringe right
wing and that's your why you're trying
to appeal to them by sucking up to Alex
Jones after he called your father a
murderer you piece of crap you you have
no sense of self-respect you're the
biggest betta cut there is now you're
going around pandering to Alex Jones
anyway so the point that was made is oh
if you really want to do a protect
freedom of speech even though you
disagree what the guy is you claim
that's what you're doing here as a
matter of principle why don't you go
protect the NFL players who are taking
in a need during the national anthem
that's freedom of speech exactly and
that's one that you disagree with well
that would be a principled position
right oh no but that doesn't play well
for the lunatic right-wing base that
doesn't play well at all you're such a
fraud Ted Cruz this has nothing to do
with free speech in fact the very people
who are aggressively fighting for Alex
Jones are also the people who will argue
that Donald Trump should have the right
to punish news outlets who behave poorly
so I will give you examples of that okay
and then we will wrap this segment up
with a video showing you what kind of
person Alex Jones is just to really
solidify my point about how this is not
a free speech issue with Alex Jones so
there was a survey done by Ipsos and
this survey indicated that a huge
portion of the country specifically
Republicans believe that Donald Trump
should have the ability to ban news
organizations that he deems are behaving
inappropriately okay so let's go to
graphic 41 plurality of Republicans want
to give President Trump the authority to
close down close down certain news
outlets
to this if so spall 43% of
self-identified Republicans want to give
President Trump believe that the
president should have the authority to
close news outlets engaged in bad
behavior only 36% disagreed with that
statement so which one is it is it
terrible for Alex Jones to be shut down
for bad behavior but it's awesome if the
president shuts down news outlets that
he disagrees with that criticize him
which by the way are legitimate factual
criticisms so you think's shutting down
people who are actually giving you facts
is totally okay but Alex Jones who
thinks that the frogs are gay
and that there are 80 percent human
eighty percent eighty percent Pig
hybrids shutting him down is
unacceptable abridgement of freedom of
speech not by the government but by a
private corporation which you pray to
you you're the ones who told us that
deep regulate all the corporation's the
Trump is the government he's the
President of the United States that
actually is a freedom of speech issue by
the way so to come back to what I
promised you earlier which is
criticizing a Democratic Senator Chris
Murphy he's wonderful on gun rights and
gun control and I say I agree with him
on a lot of policies but he also put out
a tweet saying Infowars is the tip of a
giant iceberg of hate and lies that uses
sites like Facebook and YouTube to tear
our nation apart these companies must do
more than take down one website the
survival of our democracy depends on it
well then I start to get nervous because
you cannot attack right-wingers for
being right-wingers are they full of
hate in my opinion they are and
pretending otherwise is if there's like
civil right wingers who are not playing
to that base
I think it's preposterous so you can't
find a bigger opponent of right-wingers
in me but when you have a u.s. senator
talking you about know we got to start
shutting down more web sites and using
private corporations pressured by the
government to do that then I'm worried
about a First Amendment issue no and and
I agree with you on that but we will
fight them if Ben Shapiro ever gets
banned from these platforms even though
I disagree with Ben Shapiro on a wide
variety of issues I will fight to ensure
that Ben Shapiro remains on those
platforms but
group someone like Alex Jones in the
same you know same group as Ben Shapiro
or people on the far left whatever it is
is just wrong and so you need to ask
yourselves if you are defending Alex
Jones what does it say about us as a
country if we refuse to defend people
like the Posner family who have been
defamed ruthlessly by someone like Alex
Jones I believe that the right thing to
do is to defend those innocent people
okay because what Alex Jones is doing is
not exercising political speech what he
is doing isn't even protected under the
First Amendment so with that said let's
go to the video this is a mash-up that
jr. put together of all not all but just
some of the crazy hideous things that
Alex Jones has said on this show you
want to cover pizza gate we have covered
it we are covering it and all I know is
god help us we're in the hands of period
them this is on infowars.com
pizza gate is real the only question is
what exactly is it they go to these
pizza places there's like satanic art
everywhere there's there's art of these
people where they're shoving children in
the woman's vagina I don't know what
really happened with Sandy Hook folks
we've looked at all sides we play
devil's advocate from both sides but I
mean it's as phony as a $3 bill with the
CNN doing fake newscast with blue
screens and Miami me Nancy Grace got
caught doing and Anderson Cooper
Anderson Cooper's using a green screen
his nose disappears yes they have the
kids going in circles back in the
buildings yes the building was closed
years before yes it was filthy yes no
emergency helicopters were launched yes
they're sealing the death certificates
and everything yes I even know FBI
agents that say they think it's
suspicious but I can't believe there's
that bold and so no they set it up like
are you you don't think this mother is
real oh no I'm sure she is but where the
polls fake on election night did they
send the questions Hilary beforehand and
the WikiLeaks is they're talking
supplying kids to hot tubs or quasi
retainment for people these people are
the literal demon spawn of the pit of
hell look at him and you know what he is
better than you if you keep letting him
run your
he runs your kids he runs the schools he
runs the banks this guy the spirit this
smiling leering devil that thinks you
can't see what he is he is your enemy
period they'd let Mueller rape kids in
front of people what she did me Mueller
covered up for a decade for Epstein
kidnapping kids flying him on sex planes
some kids as young as seven years old
reportedly with big perverts raping them
to frame people I mean Mueller is a
monster man that's Damon I will take
down or I'll die trying
so that's it gonna happen we're a walk
out the square politically high noon and
he's gonna find out when he makes the
move man make them move first in him
it's gonna happen it's not him not a
joke it's not a game it's the real world
mmm politically you're gonna get it or
I'm gonna die trying
get ready real bang heads so
right-wingers that's what you're
defending Ted Cruz that's what you're
defending you think that this guy
represents your side all right you must
be so proud
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
