so Jared Kushner purchased the New York
Observer he is the owner of New York
Observer even though he has now passed
it off into a family trust which means
absolutely nothing he still owns it now
uh turns out that recent reports
indicate that while he had more control
over the publication he essentially had
the tech side of that paper delete
articles that he disagreed with articles
that went after his friends in the real
estate industry I'll give you some
examples so Kushner in 2012 went around
the editorial leaders at the New York
Observer the newspaper he owned and
operated to mandate the removal of a
handful of articles from the website so
Kushner requested the removal of a 2010
story about a settlement between then
New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo
and a real estate firm Vantage
properties regarding allegations that
the company had illegally forced tenants
out of their apartments to raise rents
so that report that journalism that
piece of journalism there was not a
conspiracy theory it was not directing
violence towards certain individuals it
was not calling a mass shooting a false
flag operation but what it did do is
shine a light on what landlords were
doing to people in in this area pushing
them out so they can charge higher rents
for new tenants but Jared Kushner didn't
like that didn't make his real estate
buddies look good so he essentially went
around the editorial department at the
paper and got rid of that article by
talking to the tech team yeah so look a
couple of different feelings about this
one is itself obviously unacceptable and
I want to draw some lines about what I
think is acceptable or not but but two
is that it bothers me that there is this
reaction like like that he's the only
one doing it
so whereas the Fox News will sometimes
lead the White House Correspondents
Association Association but Rupert
Murdoch clearly has an agenda not just
one that's
political but one that is motivated by
the need to maintain his mergers and his
other business interests which he
clearly pushes on Fox News we've seen
the internal memos of Fox news
executives ordering their anchors to say
things and we just go on like it didn't
happen but it did happen so it so it's a
little bit of selective outrage
now they're both right-wingers I mean if
you could find left wingers doing it
okay fine
I'd be against that too but it's usually
consistently that way but you know some
people are on some organizations are
untouchable and others they talk about
now I do want to make an important
distinction difference between having a
perspective that is based on ideology
and having a perspective based on how am
I gonna make money okay not at that or
at your media organization you're
allowed to try to make money any way you
like okay but how am I going to
manipulate the news to make money
elsewhere right so for example again
not just to use Jared Kushner Rupert
Murdoch loses about last I read now to
be fair that was a couple years back but
I don't see the newspaper business
really improving much lose about 50
million dollars a year every year from
the New York Post and he's done that for
a very very long time so why would you
do that how he thought Murdoch was a
good businessman marketing in a very
powerful city of New York so that is
done so that he could do marketing both
for his political interests which I
would think is valid right but also his
personal financial interests
so what Kushner did here and killing
stories about his friends and then by
the way planting stories against his
enemies yeah this is as bad as it gets
in terms of the media but it happens all
the time but he's not alone exactly look
the reason why I'm bringing this up is
because here you have an example of a
very well-known public figure
censoring factual information from
readers right because he doesn't like it
because it makes his friends look bad
but there there's actually no outrage
about this
yeah well talking about this who's
talking about this do you see
conservatives on Twitter whining and
crying about this do you see anyone
even on the left really whining and
crying about this no no one cares
because the people who get screwed here
are not Alex Jones the people get
screwed here are the middle-class and
working-class Americans they got pushed
out of their apartments so these real
estate you know moguls can make more
money off these units that's the who
cares about them who cares about their
rights come on let's keep it real a lot
of these guys are on the cocktail
circuit so they a lot of people know
Jared Kushner so they feel you know they
don't feel as aggressive in going after
him and then you know Adam silver the
NBA commissioner like he didn't do
anything particularly wrong was just he
bought an apartment but apparently he
didn't want that in the press so Kushner
killed that story but a lot of people
know Adam silver Adams a good guy what's
the big deal right and that story I'm
fine with killing a story like that
because it was essentially a story about
a public figure buying a property it's
really no one's business and it puts
public figures in a dangerous position
they want their privacy I understand
that but when you're killing stories
about everyday average Americans getting
screwed over by your buddies then I have
a problem but lastly let's just note
again that it's the right wing that
complains about fake news Kushner the a
pivotal player player in the Trump White
House was the guy literally doing fake
news killing the real news and then
planting a story as they explained at
the end here
Vanity Fair reported that he'd once
ordered a hit P quote unquote hit piece
on rival real estate executive richard
mack and here's another company that
those fake news all the time fox news
again we ignore those memos but they're
out there you can google it you could
research it and one of the memos they
one of the executives tells an anchor
pretend that hamas is excited that the
democrats won the midterm elections and
then you see martha mccallum go on air
and say oh here are the terrorists
celebrating it's totally made up that
was that we had that footage had nothing
to do with the american elections 100%
fake news they do it all the time but
hey i know a lot of people who work at
Fox News so we all got to go along get
along
etc screwing over average Americans by
doing fake news who cares
two easy ways to follow Young Turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
