any white man in the world says give me
liberty or give me death
the entire white world applauds when a
black man says exactly the same thing
word for word he is judged a criminal
and treated like one and everything
possible is done to make an example of
this bad nigger so there won't be any
more like him last week was James
Baldwin's birthday and I want to
highlight a few reasons why America
should but refuses to learn from him I
was 20 when I first picked up the file
next time 20 years old when I first
started to ask questions about
preconceived notions I was programmed to
accept and it's an age where you would
assume ideologies were already
solidified in prejudices formed but that
was when I learned who James Baldwin was
and in turn learned about how deeply
woven racism was into the fabric of this
country and what role I could play in
helping to end it see Baldwin had a
brilliant mind he had a way of writing
that allowed you to visualize those
words and form a painting in your own
mind but he also had a way of
articulating this nation's inability to
learn from its past since he'd say
people are trapped in history and
histories trapped in them that message
resonates just as much today as when he
said it in 1965 any white man in the
world says give me liberty or give me
death the entire white world applauds
you listen to these words and then you
look at the response to say the warning
in Ranchos who occupied federal land
armed to the teeth in protest not only
will they widely glorified as patriots
but they were even pardoned by donald
trump their former protest was deemed
lawful while transparently unlawful
their anger and violence was rewarded
even and then you look at the treatment
of Colin Kaepernick a black man
peacefully utilizing the power of
protest to shed light on injustice and
Baldwin's words are so eerily relevant
but a black man says exactly the same
thing word for word
he is judge of criminal and treated like
one Catholic was vilified by the very
institutions that glorified the Oregon
Ranchos and to make an example of him
his career was stripped away to send a
message to all those who might seek to
use their voices to challenge the
powerful Muhammad Ali was treated at the
same time when Baldwin was speaking out
on such issues proven neither the man
was a time traveler or he
simply foresaw the direction this
country was heading and how its
inability to learn from past mistakes
would allow history to be recycled
Baldwin also taught me about patriotism
I mean go ahead type in American patriot
to Google and let me know how many pages
you need to scroll through before you
find James Baldwin if you find him but
he was a man who perfectly articulated
what it meant to be a patriot in this
country when he said I love America more
than any other country in this world and
exactly for this reason I insist on the
right to criticize her perpetually isn't
that what patriotism is all about the
want and need to make the country you
love better to help ensure it lives up
to its purported ideals of freedom
liberty and justice for all but the
truth is we fail to live up to these
ideals whenever a black person raises
these kind of questions or seeks to make
us better think about it Donald Trump
ran his entire campaign on how bad this
country was and he'll die except in
places where his motto was literally to
make America great again and his base
ended up glorified the message sang his
praises as a patriot but when black
lives matter I'll take to the streets
and also ask hey America can we be
better when Cal Poly asks can we be
better when anyone who is not white asks
can we make this country better we hear
the terms disrespectful and ungrateful
they're told you should be thankful for
the opportunity and if you don't like it
then leave
so was Donald Trump ungrateful after all
the same country to offer LeBron James
the ability to make millions also offer
Trump his opportunities but I didn't
recall him being told to leave he was
deemed a patriot because he was fighting
for all Americans or at least all right
Americans James Baldwin taught me most
importantly about white privilege and
the ability to be without second
guessing I know still too fragile to see
that choose to the flag claim in the
term white privilege is itself made up
and claim it to be racist why because
it's bold and perfectly said in response
the reason people cling to their hate so
stubbornly is because once hate is gone
they will have to deal with the pain
it's a lot easier as we know to hate
than it is to accept so in commemoration
of James Baldwin's birthday last week I
urge all of you to read his works I was
20 when I began to learn but you're
never too old to change his greatness
transcends time and believe me this
country would be a far better place if
we learned from James Bond
and go ahead and download the TYT yeah
