and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more a Sikh
man was attacked while putting up
political signs for a Republican
candidate in California his name is
Sergey mal he and he had just finished
putting up signs for a representative
Jeff Dunham from California again he's a
Republican and he was walking back to
his truck when two men reportedly
approached him threw sand in his eyes
and beat him in the head shoulders and
neck all while shouting that he should
go back to your country so I just want
to be clear he was putting up signs for
a Republican dude because he's a
Republican he's also a longtime active
member of the Turlock California
community and has reportedly raised a
ton of money thousands of dollars for
people who are homeless or victims of
California wildfires he's a good guy
right but I just I'm fascinated by how
shocked he was by this treatment
considering the rhetoric in the country
right now the discourse in the country
involving minorities he says I'm
American 100% no doubt so they say go
back to my country this is my country if
you are a real American and you love
America you should not do that
this is not the American Way it is for
the Republican Party yeah so seek people
in America at offering yet attacked
because they are confused for Muslims
because a lot of Sikhs who are American
wear turbans because that's part of
their culture and tradition that does
not mean they are Muslim they are not
Muslim first of all if they were Muslim
it you still not right to attack them
and still not right to say go back to
your country Muslim Americans are also
100% American not 99% you are not more
American than them sad day for you and
cry all about it all you want but read
our constitution we are all equal
whether we are Sikh Muslim Christian or
otherwise so I'm not at all surprised
that he was attacked this happens all
the time in particular did to people who
were Sikh in this country I'm with you
Anna I'm shocked a nice shocked you
didn't see that coming like that comes
as a big surprise to you
and he comes to surprise you that is
from the right-wing who the hell else
would attack you right as you're out
there trying to support the candidate
that they will likely vote for that
Denham didn't attack him nobody from
denims campaign attacked him I'm sure
they were thrilled that he was putting
up signs for them they haven't released
any statement in response to any of this
by the way I mean I just feel like this
is a layup if you're a candidate seeking
reelection right you know what I would
do I would come out and I would say this
is horrible you know I would support the
person who's essentially campaigning for
me putting up signs supporting me but
you couldn't even do that yeah and it is
a layup unless you think it's gonna cost
you some votes with your base to seem
like you're supporting a guy who seek
and doesn't look like them I don't know
well we'll see maybe denim needs a
couple of days before he could put out a
statement about this maybe they're
weighing it as we speak
look finally there are good Republicans
in the country and they haven't caught
up to the fact of how ugly the
Republican Party has become so don't
judge all Republicans just on the fact
that they're Republicans they just a lot
of folks just didn't get the memo yet
unfortunately he got the memo in a
terrible way too easy wasteful Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
