and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more Paul
Manafort is currently under trial due to
a number of different issues now I want
to be clear that this particular trial
has nothing to do with Russell meddling
in the election but it has everything to
do with how he did not disclose the fact
that he was a foreign agent essentially
worked with pro-russian forces in
Ukraine made a ton of money up to 60
million dollars and attempted to hide
some of that money from the US
government so he wouldn't have to pay
taxes for it so he's been charged with
all sorts of things and now he's under
trial and his business partner Rick
Gates is also testifying in this case he
agreed to cooperate with prosecutors
with the federal government give them
information all as part of a plea deal
now today Rick Gates actually testified
and some of this testimony is
interesting before I get to the details
of his testimony though I do want to
point out a few things about the judge
the judge is making some curious
decisions or statements already so for
instance he is against the use of the
word oligarch during this trial that
apparently was a point of contention
between him and one of the prosecutors
he also didn't like the fact that the
prosecutors were talking about the items
that manna fort had spent this money on
including incredibly expensive gaudy and
unattractive suits yeah he's a Reagan
appointed judge presumably right-wing
and he didn't like the talk of the
ostrich jacket that cost $15,000 I love
that prosecutors brought that up did you
know that the ostrich jacket was
purchased to match an ostrich vest and
in total both articles of clothing costs
$24,000 I didn't know that and that is
actually a very effective defense of
Paul Manafort because if you have an
ostrich vest what are you gonna do not
get the Holocaust rich jacket you match
it you got a match I mean that would be
embarrassing showing up at a party with
only an ostrich of s we here at TYT are
not in favor of fashion faux pas
obviously we're very much in favor of
fashion all right so let's get to Rick's
Rick gates at his testimony first off
the prosecutor you know questioned him
while he was on the stand and said did
you commit any crimes with Paul Manafort
with Paul Manafort and Rick gates
responded with yes okay fair enough that
seems clear gates also told prosecutors
that he had embezzled money from
Manafort by creating false expense
reports on his own behalf he didn't
state an exact dollar amount but
estimated it to be in the hundreds of
thousands of dollars Gates said that he
had authority on some of the offshore
accounts to move money and he did so
so through wire transfers he said mana
fort was unaware now let's stop right
there because the defense is arguing of
course on behalf of mana fort that
mana Ford is really the innocent guy
here yes he was sloppy with his finances
but the real bad guy is Rick Gates
because Rick Gates was doing all sorts
of things behind mana forts back and
mana for was just unaware now based on
that portion of the testimony obviously
it supports the defense however
throughout the questioning Rick Gates
made it made it abundantly clear that
mana fort was aware of certain shady
business now so let me give context
there so mana for got sixty million
dollars from for his foreign lobbying
efforts if he had actually just reported
all the money and report himself as a
foreign agent which is technically what
you are if you're representing a foreign
government inside the United States it
would be fine I mean it's outrageous
amount of money but that's okay it is
what it is right they the question is do
we have a crime or not but he hid thirty
million dollars of it so reported 30
million hid dollars a 30 million he put
it in the offshore accounts the center
and he asked Rick gates to run that
stuff so Rick Gates handles his illegal
operation but while doing so apparently
there's no honor among thieves so Rick
Gates thinks well I might as well take
some for myself so he also embezzles
from mana fort now that's gonna help
madoff or its case because his lawyer
are gonna say oh poor man aport he did
he get sixty million dollars he had no
idea he thought it was only thirty
million no he didn't okay so he knows
how much he put a broad but they're
gonna help make that case by saying but
gates also stole from him it's that evil
guy Rick gates that's the problem right
but the rick gates worked for a man
afford man afford was his boss man
affords the one that did the deal with
the pro-russian Ukrainians he's the one
who arranged this whole setup in the
first place and asked gates to put the
offshore accounts to hide the money in
the first place I'm sure he didn't agree
to gates also robbing him but that's the
full context exactly so it's not as if
one person is innocent and one person is
guilty they're both bad guys in this
scenario right so let me in gates has
already pleaded guilty so we already
know how guilty he is so Cynthia LaPorta
is an accountant who also answered a few
questions from prosecutors during this
trial
so this accountant actually filed his
taxes in 2014 and 2015
now she testified that she was in on
discussions to falsify a loan document
at the direction of gates so that manna
fort could afford to pay his 2014 income
taxes so she's answering questions and
and the whole point of this at least
from the defense perspective is look at
gates he's the real ringleader
remember manna Ford is also facing
charges for falsifying or fraud in order
to secure loans right and this is the
part of the conversation involving the
securing of loans can I contact there so
you might be wondering she's in Lord
Mersey get me sixty million dollars what
do you mean securing the loans what more
loans doesn't he because the idiots
spent it all on ostrich accus he was
making it rain at like you know suit
stores all over the place that ostrich
start our us I don't know where I don't
have no idea where you would get a
jacket like that but anyway so he spent
so lavishly on houses the extravagant
suits etc etc then he ran out of the
sixty million dollars so then he needed
to get extra loans so he lied about his
assets on loans as a and that's another
thing that he's being charged with gates
also helped him with that so the fact
that Gates is cooperating with
prosecutors and telling this story is
really really important yes
now the damning evidence that was
submitted by special counsel robert
muller the very person who continues to
be demonized by the right well the
special counsel has entered into
evidence dozens of emails and financial
documents the emails are key to their
case because several show Paul Manafort
participating in conversations involving
financial claims his former accountant
Cindy LaPorta has testified were
fraudulent so this is incredibly
important because remember the defense
argues that manna fort was unaware of
everything that was going on Rick Gates
was the ringleader of everything and so
manna fort should be let off easy but
that is not the case based on the
evidence that was compiled by Special
Counsel robert muller yes and so look
prosecutors including robert Muller's
team and also honest media like us are
gonna tell you the whole truth so if
they wanted to manipulate something they
would never have gates agree yeah I also
stole from Anna fort because that helps
make manna forts case but they say it
why this is true it's true and they're
not gonna lie about it and they're not
gonna cover up evidence sometimes there
are dirty prosecutors who cover up
evidence that doesn't help their case
but that's not these guys they're
aboveboard
so they present it to the jury and then
let the jury decide hey now you have the
full context and gates did steal from
man afford but you also have the context
of manna fort moving all that money
abroad and his account now telling you
that he participated in the fraudulent
schemes and again remember for the manna
fort was Donald Trump's campaign manager
a pivotal player in his campaign but
this trial is not about Donald Trump
it's about other financial dealings that
Paul Manafort had coincidentally or
otherwise with pro-russian forces this
time inside Ukraine two easy ways for
one has hit the subscribe button down
below then you're a TYT subscriber and
second is ring the bell and when you do
that on YouTube you're notified of our
videos
you
