Charlie Kirk and Candice omens were
having breakfast over the weekend
they're part of Turning Point USA and
that is a group that is meant to do
propaganda across college campuses and
intimidate professors who are exercising
their freedom of speech so another last
day of the group that most loudly cries
about how their freedom of speech is a
bridge now that is a great great irony
and hypocrisy but this weekend there
were some actions taken against them
that I do not agree with I wanted to
show that for you guys as always we
believe in being principled here and and
being for freedom of speech no matter
what and then we'll find out if Charlie
Kirk is actually for freedom of speech
so first here is video of that encounter
in Philly
yeah I don't agree with that they poured
water over his head it's not the right
thing to do
one because it's anything physical is
not the morally right thing to do
another progressive thing you can do
number two it allows them to play the
victim card which they can't wait to
play so why would you help them I like
that now let me give you a little bit
more of the video and then I'll give you
full context
Candice Owens who was there wrote a
tweet saying Charlie Kirk and I just got
attacked in capital letters and
protested by Antipa for eating breakfast
I don't know if it actually isn't Eva
that's what she's claiming but this
tweet already contains at least one lie
she went on to say they are currently
following us through Philly all black
and Hispanic police force protecting us
as they scream F the racist police now
on the video it appears that there are
also white officers but that's not at
all important the lie is that they were
chanting after the racist police I want
to show you the video and you will see
for yourself that they are actually
chanting F the racist policies which is
very very different watch
policies as clear as they repeated over
and over again and it doesn't sound that
much like police its policies so now
that doesn't in fact the fact that the
person shouldn't pour the water over
Charlie Kirk I'm sure Charlie would
agree that protesting him is a freedom
of speech issue because that's what he
claims all the time when they do it to
the left
I'm kidding that I'm sure Charlie would
agree to because Charlie does often does
not agree with freedom of speech it's
just whenever it is convenient in fact
they have a professor watchlist with
over hundreds of professors on that list
where they try to intimidate them into
silence now I want to be clear one more
time here doing anything physical is not
the right direction and I agree with
Philip Ragman who wrote for the
Washington Examiner that it allows for
easy martyrdom for these guys and and
they don't deserve it but I do also want
to point out as in there in the middle
of crying now although Charlie was
smiling ear-to-ear throughout the entire
video every time they pan to omitted
giant smile over his face thinking yes I
know the victim and I'll get the claim
that my rights have been a bridge now
but this Charlie actually care about
rights being abridged and especially on
the issue of freedom of speech because
he puts all these professors on a watch
list they get death threats non-stop
some so much so that they are driven
from campus and and for example a
professor at Drexel named George sister
Lamar was not allowed back onto campus
by Drexel University unless he had
security with him and they put him on
administrative leave even though he had
just expressed his freedom of speech but
Charlie Kurtz thought great
let's intimidate them that's the whole
point of his professor watchlist
at that point he didn't seem overly
concerned about freedom of speech
well CNN caught up with him on that and
asked them hey aren't you concerned
about these people being
punished for exercising their freedom of
speech look at his answer some of these
professors have gotten death threats as
a result of being outed on these
websites do you see that the watchlist
has responsibility for that I don't have
sympathy for people that are in public
life that say these sort of statements
and then try and play the victim card
you don't have sympathy for people who
say outrageous statements as you do all
of the time against immigrants minority
groups etc and then play the victim card
so I assume today that Charlie's not
playing the victim card or Candice Owens
oh they are all over the internet and
all over media they protested us well
you want people to protest all those
professors who are actually doing their
job the irony I don't know if it's lost
on them because they're not that bright
or if they think irony that's for
liberals we don't care to be principled
we don't actually care about freedom of
speech don't you get it this is just
propaganda so that's exactly what
they're doing here I got another example
for you guys you guys know the BDS
movement that's the boycott Israel for
their occupation of the Palestinians for
decades now now you might agree or
disagree with that principle but there's
a bill that was proposed in Congress
that is particularly odious it is among
the most unconstitutional bills that I
have ever seen it would punish people
for exercising their freedom of speech
against Israel how's that remotely
American so let me give you an
explanation of what it is the ACLU sent
a letter to the Senate saying this bill
would impose civil and criminal
punishment on individuals solely because
of their political beliefs about Israel
and its policies well you say punished
but ACLU what would be the maximum
penalty you can get if you were to dare
to speak out against Israel violations
would be subject to a minimum civil
penalty of 250 thousand dollars that's
the minimum and a maximum criminal
penalty of a million dollars and 20
years in prison well I mean but look
guys
early Kurt mainly focuses on college
campuses how about college campuses well
the intercept reporting on US campuses
punishment of pro-palestinian students
for expressing criticisms of Israel is
so commonplace that the Center for
Constitutional Rights refers to it as
the quote Palestine exception to free
speech
well I'm sure that if you asked charlie
kirk about it he's going to be
principled and say that is outrageous
and if people want to be in favor of BDS
they should be allowed to it is a
freedom of speech issue especially on
college campuses well luckily he was
asked what was his answer
Kirk condemned the BDS movement as
anti-semitic hmm okay so I just want to
understand what you claim are your
principles so if you think something is
discriminatory
apparently it's okay to ban it now I
don't think that's right but apparently
that's your position
Charlie we are free to clarify you think
it's that law that is being proposed on
the BDS issue and Congress is outrageous
and an affront to freedom of speech
which it clearly is or do you think it's
totally fine because you happen to think
that movement is discriminatory because
people think you're discriminatory so I
guess that would mean that you should
stop crying
every time someone protests you like I
said doing anything physical is
unacceptable and that person who threw
the water needlessly
put them in a position where they get to
play the victim card when in reality the
rest of the folks there were exercising
their freedom of speech against what
they consider to be discriminatory and
offensive speech that charlie Kirk and
Candace Owens do and if they're still
crying about that they have no leg to
stand on at all because they are the
world's largest hypocrites they don't
actually believe in freedom of speech
they love trying to intimidate
professors and in some cases even
endangering their lives by putting them
on a so-called professor watch list
and they have never shown any concern
for the freedom of speech of those
the protesters or anyone who does not
agree with them so I understand who they
are that's who they are two easy ways
for the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
