these kids should still have the same
opportunity as everyone else these kids
are our future at Trump University we
teach success that's what it's all about
we started looking at Trump University
and discovered that it was a classic
bait-and-switch scheme it was a scam
starting with the fact that it was not a
university it's only in the u.s. can a
black man come from nothing work every
day of his life become one of the
greatest basketball players and role
models of this era give by millions to
his community and build an entire damn
school to offer at-risk kids a chance
only to be called dumb and ungrateful
and only in America can the same man who
disparage said black man borrow millions
from his dad not pay his debts file from
multiple bankruptcies open a fake
University and charity organization and
then still be considered a successful
businessman and called a patriot on
Friday around midnight Trump took to
Twitter to call the Bron James and Don
Lemon dumb that's right the president
chose to disparage a man who just gave
back immensely to his fellow Americans
by opening a school for at-risk youths
but opening schools is actually
something that this president has in
common with LeBron except that Trump
school was not launched to help those
less fortunate but actually instead to
Swingle money from students gullible
enough to believe that a Trump school
would be anything other than a scam so
let's compare shall we the man Trump
deemed dumb opened a school that offers
students free tuition free uniforms free
transportation within two miles three
bicycles and helmets free breakfast
lunch and snacks guaranteed college
tuition for every student who graduates
a food pantry for families in need and
GED classes and job placement services
for parents meanwhile Trump University
was an unlicensed for-profit University
they offer classes in real estate asset
management entrepreneurship and of
course wealth creation but like so many
of trumps other business ventures Trump
University failed and was closed in 2010
after facing a lawsuit from New York's
Attorney General's Office for illegal
business practices and two class-action
lawsuits in federal court what do you
think about Trump University I felt like
I've been poisoned I just feel like I
was just duped and poisoned and ripped
off
I mean to be failed at Trump he was
offering courses on wealth growth it
just so happened that the students
became a case study on how he was
actually able to accumulate wealth by
screwing people over what a champion of
the people all right and in 2016
despite insisting countless times that
he would never settle I don't that okay
after winning the presidency Trump did
just that settling all three lawsuits
for a total of twenty five million
dollars then as president he continued
fulfilling his patriotic duty by
screwing over everyday people to offer
more pocket money to the 1% so when you
look at these attempts both of these
wealthy men made to give back which one
is really America first which one has
the intentions of uplifting the
community that he attributes to his
success which one is really a dumb and
ungrateful elite LeBron James represents
the true greatness this country offers
and I'd much rather live in a world
reflecting the values philanthropy and
intelligence of people like LeBron James
and Don Lemon the one that upholds a
divisive nough sand narrow self-interest
displayed by the current president so
here's what I want you to do not just
share this video but also comment below
with the examples where LeBron James has
uplifted those around him not just as a
basketball player but as a human being
as an American who prioritizes making a
difference as opposed to solely making
profit Trump wants nothing more than to
disparage LeBron James's contributions
and to taint his efforts in a negative
light but we don't have to let him you
want to see more of the breakdown make
sure to download the TYT app
