so Sacha Baron Cohen's at it again
Showtime series is who is America and he
has been busting these guys up
understand that he did not solely target
conservatives he also went after people
in the media and also liberals so smart
folks in the media like Ted Koppel and
in politics like Bernie Sanders
immediately said during the interviews
you can see it it's on the show itself
this is nonsense it doesn't make any
sense so they were quick to call him out
and on the other hand conservatives not
so quick by the way you know there's
people that are in the art community
that could be described as progressives
who also were not quick I'm just trying
to give you the full context in this
case Sheriff Joe Arpaio he's a criminal
he was pardoned by Donald Trump because
Donald Trump liked the laws that he was
breaking and that was of course by the
way not listening to court orders Donald
Trump doesn't really believe in the
American justice system so that's not
surprising but we're gonna have fun here
with how Cohen got him first of all he's
dressed up in this case as a Finnish
YouTube star which is already fun his
handle is OMG Wiz boy oMG somehow he got
Joe Arpaio a massive right winger to sit
down for unboxing videos and then
madness is sued let's start the first
video delish doughnut do you want to say
hello hi
delish doughnut is anti guns I think oh
the gun should be given back delicious
doughnut you have to understand that you
have to follow the Constitution and a
law allow people to have guns but I want
the guns to be taken back because they
are dangerous bad guys are going to get
their guns
it's gonna kill you I'm hoping there's
somebody else in there as a gun and
we'll shoot that person before he shoots
you oh okay then thank you for telling
me that because I like guns I everybody
knows I've got a really big collection I
have over 43 guns you have 43 guns
yes I've been collecting them for the
upcoming race war
all right listen when he says I've been
collecting them for the upcoming race
ward that's when you get up take the mic
off and you're done with that interview
unless you're sheriff joe arpaio huh
although I was pleasantly surprised to
see that Joe Arpaio thought 43 guns was
a lot he's like whoa okay apparently
there's some limit and in the way that
he got this interview is he yes he
pretended to be in favor of Donald Trump
oh em gee whiz boy oMG and and in the
beginning he talked about how how the
communists are trying to stop people
from having guns and Sheriff Joe was
like yeah yeah and that's why he goes
and talks to delish doughnut which he
calls delicious doughnut and he's like
now delicious doughnut remember people
are trying to kill you okay now he's
gonna say some things that are far worse
although I'm not positive he understood
what he was saying we'll get to that in
a second but before we do I actually
want to go to my favorite clip because I
love the look of Sheriff Joe Arpaio's
face here as Sasha Baron Justice fun
nonsense what and so loo loo loo take
afine and take her on tell Potts
incurred her fertility Academy bleeps
proof on to flooville evilly he's
killing it man he's absolutely killing
it who's America I show time the whole
series amazing not just the stuff that
they release in public but Sharon get up
if you don't agree with the frou-frou
frou-frou get up get up get up you won't
get up and then so at the end this
happens my first job was a handjob from
my mother and it was newspapers what was
your first handjob so let me say this me
whatever I did in my life I always did
that extra it gets me in trouble
sometime you wanted to keep the best
handjob possible extra Santa
oh so if the on Google tube holds you up
after this and says Sheriff Joe I want
to offer you an amazing blowjob would
you say yes I may have to say yes indeed
after what Donald Trump's done for him I
basically made sure that he doesn't go
to jail when he's was a convicted
criminal I should have gotten to jail I
suppose maybe that is in order he can
claim that he didn't quite understand
what he was saying and you can see that
in parts he really has kind of lost it
but I thought that was fairly clear I
mean he said hand he said blow it you
know the accident wasn't that thick in
those particular cases besides which it
doesn't really matter what matters most
is revealing their true nature and
that's why the shows brilliant because
you know the the fun jokes about hand
jobs okay all right great god bless I
enjoyed that okay okay but the essence
of it is hey delicious doughnut now
remember you know when people are coming
to kill you you should have a gun too so
tiny kids about guns and he's done this
on countless occasions with
conservatives that are massively Pro
guns etc and by the way Sheriff Joe was
right at the end when he said sometimes
doing that little extra is what gets him
in trouble so for example that extra he
interview he did with not such a
baron-cohen but American Free Press well
what are they well they are an
anti-semitic weekly publication okay he
claims why they are they are they I
didn't know that well Sheriff Joe if you
did one interview with that mean you
didn't know what they were about okay
that happens I could understand you know
how many interviews Joe Arpaio did with
them five that little X
that's what defines Sheriff Joe Arpaio's
career perfectly exposed to easy ways
follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
