you're about to watch what we call an
extended clip of The Young Turks and the
realities is somewhere in the middle
it's a little longer than our YouTube
clips but it's actually shorter than the
whole two-hour show which you can get if
you're a member you can get an ad-free
and make sure you catch every news story
we do that day you're gonna love it as a
full show
that's a TYT Network comm slash join
thanks for watching oh yeah
drop it
pop out power panel okay we got a great
panel a great guest with you guys
obviously huge guest here in Nando Vela
it's great to have you back all right
no seriously by the way Nando I was the
executive producer of Trump land and
Emmy nominated documentary I need as a
follow-up to that host producer great to
have you back Nando and then Alexandra
great to have you here on that's gonna
be here you know this is where it
started in a lot of ways so all right
excellent thank you thank you for coming
out I can't wait to talk about these
stories and love Liam brilliant and a
kiss period yes so by the way in the
second hour James Thompson another
justice Democrat is going to be on the
panel he is running Kansas fourth
district and he's closing in speaking of
closing in so on the same day James
Thompson is within four points in Kansas
in that district a district today that
the Republicans had an over 20-point
lead in and now it's only down to four
okay and just in over the wires now over
the wires is that if I still think they
have anyway better or ork within four
points of Ted Cruz here comes bad up
there goes Ted Cruz by the way the other
night I wrote after old school I wrote
an ad against Ted Cruz that I'd love to
run one day oh all right so Anna's gonna
do most those stories today and we've
got amazing stories for you guys how's
the economy doing what kind of denial is
Donald Trump in to me the story about
how the Trump administration asked the
ACLU just to do its job to do the
government's job amazing that's maybe
the most amazing story of today but I'm
gonna do the first two stories for you
guys and they do have a little bit to do
with you Alexander so okay so let's get
started so there are now good folks and
and some people will not such good
intentions attacking one of our
panelists here Alexandra Ocasio Cortese
and all
so using the wrong frames so for the
people with good intent like Trevor now
from The Daily Show I don't think it
means anything bad by it at all but when
when you were on Alexander he said
there's those who say look I agree with
you but how do you pay for this how do
you make it economically feasible
referring to Medicare for all there are
some who argue and say I hear what
you're saying miss Cortez and I'm with
you but a $15 minimum wage may stifle
economic growth so before you get the
bad guys of Fox News okay
Alexandra what's wrong with that framing
well I think what is wrong is that we
end up falling into a trap we end up
falling into the Wrights trap of framing
which is that whenever they want
something we never ask how much it's
gonna cost whenever they want to
authorize unlimited war whenever they
want to cut our tax revenue down by two
trillion dollars we never ask how are
you going to pay for some of the largest
expenditures that we've had in the last
20 years it's only when we talk about
education health care and housing do we
talk about empty pockets the the truth
of the matter is the way that we pay for
these programs is the same exact way
that we pay for endless war trillion
dollar tax cuts except the only
difference is that this is an actual
investment in our economy that creates
wealth on the other end whereas all of
those other things do not so I think
that's exactly right and I really think
that for guys like Trevor I'm positive
he has no bad end intent at all and that
goes for most of the CNN anchor is
etcetera but but you know I know that
the everybody's used to the
Conservatives calling the media liberal
but I really believe that their mindset
their framing is not remotely
progressive because I've seen it happen
in almost every debate between Bernie
Sanders and Hillary Clinton I've seen it
happen in New York Times and Washington
Post stories whenever there is a policy
that can help the average American they
go yeah but how are you gonna pay for it
and whenever there is giant trillions of
dollars of tax cuts for the rich they
know like oh well okay I guess that's
gonna stimulate the economy no it's not
and one other thing that in before we
have a 5:00 clip my question is how can
we afford not to do Medicare for all
because doesn't medicare-for-all
actually save money exactly and this was
even from a Koch brothers funded study
they thought it's gonna be this big
gotcha and then when they did the
cost-benefit analysis they find that not
only you know what we know that the u.s.
medical system is one of the most if not
the most expensive one in the world but
also that it's going to save us billions
and if not trillions of dollars in some
circumstances so it's a system that is
just more beneficial and that is why
almost every developed nation in the
world has it exactly yeah and I wanted
to just quickly touch on what you
mentioned briefly which I think you
don't hear a lot of politicians talk
about this and and so I'm happy you
mentioned it when it comes to the
Department of Defense and our defense
budget in general you're right no one
ever has a conversation about how do we
pay for it and it's because there's so
much fear-mongering about oh the others
we need to protect the country no the
majority of that money goes to private
contractors when it doesn't need to and
there's a lot of waste in the military
but just to give you some statistics
some numbers the Trump administration
has asked Congress to approve 716
billion dollars for 2019 for defense ok
that's a seven hundred sixteen billion
dollars no questions about how we can
afford it and this is following a
massive tax cut for the wealthy and
that's the bank bailout right there
right that's how much the bank bailout
cost yeah and and I think that if they
were on these programs the Sunday
morning programs etc it would be an
excellent question is that practical can
we really afford that and so whenever
bernie sanders for example talks about
and or you do i was angry about the
college for all which is just seventy
five billion dollars a year you say well
just yeah that's about one tenth of the
defense budget so we don't have money
for the american dream but we have ten
times as much money for defense
contractors but now i want to move on to
fox's hilarious attack against you any
guess medicare for all a same topic here
they unlike trevor know what they do
have bad intent and you're gonna see it
here in a what i find to be a very funny
couple of examples here let's watch i
know bernie sanders and congressional
candidate alexandria Ocasio cortez have
been busy campaigning for government-run
health care this
staple of the socialist platform comes
with an eye-popping price tag you know
I'm sure there are some smart Democrats
in Washington certainly out in the
country who are not on board with this
but the fact that that so many of their
leaders are talking about this it is
absolutely staggering and obviously you
know you look at the numbers and and and
of course it's expensive we also know
that it doesn't work and you can point
to all those yeah you can point to all
these reasons for rejecting it but it's
the moral issue it's the idea that it
that these people are perfectly okay
with just taking things from people who
work and giving them to people who do
not work say you spend the 33 trillion
dollars over the next 10 years what is
the result of that well as we've seen in
these other places that have implemented
some kind of government-run health care
we have seen lack of care we've seen
quality of care go down a lack of
doctors rationing of care fatal delays
and so this idea that Bernie Sanders
says he wants Medicare for all to work
the key word there is to work Italian
doctors are using cardboard as splints
in third-world clinics of southern Italy
so if you break a limb while you're
visiting Italy this year you don't want
to do it down there because you don't
have enough material and supplies in
order to make a splint for shattered
arms and legs in Venezuela sick people
are taking dog medicine that's how bad
it is in Venezuela ok well I found that
to be hilarious but first let me get a
reaction for you well first thing that I
think is funny is that they talk about
these things but they don't talk about
the fact that people will forgo their
medicine because they can't afford it
here that people will go through real
measures of brutality here in the United
States because they can't afford their
own medicine either even after for
example what was happening Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico was set up before the
Hurricanes you know not just to be a tax
haven but it was a tax haven for
pharmaceutical corporations the story
that wasn't being told after the storm
was that actually I'm IV bags were
largely produced in Puerto Rico and
there was a
a shortage of IV bags across the United
States in the aftermath of the storm but
these stories don't get covered because
we don't want to talk about the
dysfunction the brutality and the
inhumanity of our current United States
healthcare system so they pull these
stories out of nowhere but they don't
talk about the fact that the UK has
routinely higher health care standards
than the United States does that people
in Canada don't feel like they have to
go bankrupt if they have to if they have
a need for chemotherapy so it's like
this cherry-picking that's designed to
reinforce this boogeyman narrative when
in truth we're just talking about having
a humane economy and a humane country
yeah they say are these places that have
socialized medicine like Germany Norway
Finland Japan where they all Canada they
all have for better health care system
than we do that's measured they have
they live longer they have a healthier
population and it's at half the cost and
they never ask how can we in America
afford to pay double the cost of other
developed nations per capita and get
worse results but there were so many
funny things in there but the one that
took the icing was it is immoral give
people health care it's immoral to give
them health care in the way did you hear
see the way that that analyst framed it
right he said that it's taking from
people who work and giving in to people
who don't know it's not Medicare for all
US for the whole country and we don't we
don't think of that with any other
successful socialized system here in the
United States we don't think about that
when it comes to Social Security we
don't think about that when it comes to
teachers we don't have this
us-versus-them frame when it comes to
these these systems that are beneficial
to all of us we don't say oh you know
we're taking from all of these rich
people so that we so that older people
can retire with dignity because these
are systems that we all buy into we will
all buy into Medicare for all and we
will all have better health care because
of it it reminds me of what Anna said a
couple shows ago
you know the other socialist thing in
the country is cops and firefighters so
using their logic it would be hilarious
to say oh now we've gotta have
cops for the poor they're taken for
people who work and giving cops some
people who don't work here's my question
like where are all these people that
don't work that they're talking about
who are these people that don't work in
America because this yes it is coach
demonizing anyone who by the way which
is fascinating because I would argue
that a huge portion of their own
audience falls under this category but
you know we're talking about people who
just can't afford these massive premiums
these massive deductibles they're
working they're working hard I mean it's
funny because while they simultaneously
Tao Trump's low unemployment rate they
also talk about how oh look at all these
people who aren't working they're not
working yeah people are working they
just can't make ends meet because of how
the system is set up absolutely I mean
it's just we do not want to admit right
now in this country that we are at
levels of income inequality that means
that we are a working poor nation we're
a nation of working poor people of
people who are making you know a large
large proud plurality of this country is
making less than $40,000 a year and more
of us are living in cities than we ever
have
it's not enough to make ends meet and we
don't want to talk about the fact that
that is the stark reality right now in
terms of morality of the health care
system under the current health care
system under the current status quo
about 30,000 people die every year from
preventable health diseases that could
be treated in any other system other
than our own
so the morality is whether you allow the
deaths of tens of thousands of people
every single year in order to maintain
our current system and that's just
absolutely great esque and I think that
a lot of the estimates in regard to how
much we would save with a Medicare for
All system actually underestimate the
amount we'd save because preventive care
is huge and that's the reason why you
know health care in in Cuba which by the
way does not have the best resources has
done so well they focus specifically on
preventive care and that prevents people
from getting sicker and getting
diagnosed later on which ends up being a
lot more expensive right so I just the
whole thing about morality to the people
on Fox News morality is all about the
wealthy
should be able to hoard their wealth and
everyone else should suffer that's their
idea of morality so now I want to do a
related topic here I was and it's about
something that's in the news today and
then I want to lay it later believe it
or not there's even more attacks against
Alex right what was it one hundred and
thirty one attacks in one month about
from Fox News which is great free media
so ok so today the Trump administration
announced that they are going to do
short term health insurance they're
going to expand it you spear but hardly
anyone use it cuz it's kind of useless
in that window now they're going to
allow for a whole year now to be fair to
them but it is significantly cheaper
than regular health insurance now the
part they don't tell you is it's
significantly cheaper because you get
almost nothing so they'll take your
money and you'll get almost no insurance
and in return so first of all they can
under these new plans pre-existing
conditions are back so they can deny you
if you've got a pre-existing condition
including acne I don't know who they're
gonna have his clients allergies that's
right and and if you there's caps on how
much you've you spend in the year so if
you've got a you know we've got a cold
you might be okay although it doesn't
cover prescription drugs either so
that's all out-of-pocket so I'd really
don't know what you're buying but if
you've got cancer and and it runs over
like well sad day you passed your limit
I guess it's time for you to die and and
if you get a condition within the year
well sad day for you again we're done
with you so that's not really insurance
it's a trap and they're so loosely
regulated that they're and I'm not
making this up there are some of these
plans right skinny insurance plans where
they can even decide which days of the
week you can get treatment so based on
what some of the wording says for some
of these plans you can only get
treatment Monday through Wednesday but
any other day sorry
that's it one more on that I mean that's
so unbelievable some you can't get
treatment during the weekend at all so
if you got hurt during the weekend try
not to bleed out
okay but we'll get to you on Monday
first thing probably and then they talk
about Oh socialized medicine there's two
it takes too long okay but if you have
cancer in some of these plans within the
first month of the plan they will not
treat you yeah but wait if I have cancer
it's growing inside of me we got to go
right now
I know but I'm sorry doesn't cover that
so just wait we'll treat you a month
from now it's the equivalent of payday
lender insurance plan yeah it's
predatory it is exclusively an
explicitly for-profit and it has
absolutely no real incentive to actually
spend this money your money that you're
spending every single month on health
care I think it says here about six only
sixty-five percent of the money that you
pay into this plan might actually
potentially go to health care costs
which is much much lower than the 80%
mandated by the ACA yeah a good sign
that this is a scam is that the
insurance companies are incentivized
greatly to push to push them on
customers because of what you just said
they can keep that other 35% in profit
rather than having to have dedicated to
medical care
so yeah this seems like just a giant
giant scam
yeah and under Obamacare there was a lot
of issues of the Obamacare but one of
them was they said hey you actually have
to spend the money that people pay into
health insurers yeah for their health so
you can keep 20% but 80% has to be
actually spent for health otherwise a
scam the Trump administration says
scammed if somebody says okay no you
don't have to spend 80% it's up to you
and so now they're long and it might be
even lower than 65% in some of the cases
some the profit margin might be up to
50% that's why they're paying twenty
percent commission to the brokers
instead of five percent normal they're
like push this product cuz all we do is
make money off of it we don't actually
provide any insurance and by the way if
you're a woman good luck it doesn't
cover prenatal or maternity care so I'm
sure though that the right wing is
outraged as I know that they don't like
gender inequality so they're like what
is this is not fair to women right is on
it actually she's very concerned about
how women are being treated in this
health care market
but I will say that there there is
something to be said here in that they
are targeting the people who are failed
by the Affordable Care Act so the people
which you know I have experience with
folks like those because the ACA
implants in New York you're talking
about a minimum of paying $200 a month
for an eight thousand dollar deductible
and you go to the doctor you have to pay
the thing out right there's no kind of
copay system in some of these plans so
you can't afford it you know you're
talking about spending thousands of
dollars per year before you're even
covered by insurance on some of these
market exchange programs these folks
what that does that it creates a window
of predation and so these folks come in
and say oh well I have a better deal for
you
and it makes you feel like you're
covered by insurance when in actuality
or not and it really all of these things
put together really kind of point to the
need for why single-payer is the best
solution here in this country yeah and
so in single-payer even according to the
Koch brothers own paid for study oops -
like it costs thirty two point six
trillion dollars except the current
health care system cost over thirty
three trillion dollars and by most
estimates Medicare for all saves two
trillion dollars - per their economy and
it covers us all right now unfortunately
under the Affordable Care Act fifteen
point five percent of the country has no
assurance at all so instead of giving
them fake insurance like this which is a
makes them maybe feel a little bit
better if they're not sick but boy god
help you if you do get sick not only
you're in are you gonna not have
insurance under this plan one of the
analysts said whatever you do you must
read the fine print if you don't read
the fine print
you're not gonna realize that you're
really not covered from watch at all and
if you do get sick under this at the end
of the year you're in a world of hurt
and then you're not gonna be able to get
insurance after that we're back to the
bad old days so why not fix it and save
trillions of dollars yeah the end of the
day this goes to show that you can
tinker as much as you want but if you
don't remove the profit motive from
health care something that people need
that everybody needs if you don't like
this this
thing always crashes up against that
reality you know where they try to find
ways to provide health care with a
profit incentive and at the end of the
day it's just um unprofitable to cover a
huge amount of people so this goes to
show that the at the end of the day just
becomes a scam that you know takes
advantage of people and so just lastly
on this look I unbeliever that you need
the profit motive to make sneakers to
make cars but when it's your life online
cops firemen and health care if you or
by the way imprisoning people right
right if you if you do a profit motive
on that let's take the firemen as an
example well I'm not gonna point out
your house if you fire on your house if
you don't have enough money yeah I mean
that's got two problems one it's deeply
immoral number two it's gonna spread
okay which is also true in health care
sometimes diseases spread if they're not
treated and so there are things that the
private market should handle but there
are things that we have decided the
government should handle like cops
firemen and health care is all right to
live just like those other issues yeah
one of the things that we often say and
that I've kind of talked about on the
stump is that suffering should not be a
for-profit enterprise in the United
States and in industries where human
suffering is at stake we have entire
industries that prop up that suffering
because the demand is inelastic you will
pay an infinite amount of money to not
die and when you come in with that that
just creates a natural incentive for
predation it creates an incentive to
keep people sick
and in huge markets like that we have to
have at a minimum certain public options
depending on the industry but when we
talk about things like private prisons
that should not exist in the United
States a single-payer health care should
be the system that we have in the United
States and you know it's just that is
the moral thing that is the moral truth
that we shouldn't permit for-profit
suffering in this country all right
perfect
guys we gotta take a quick break here
when we come back more of the hundred
and thirty one attacks against Alexandra
from Fox News also hilarious ones in
this mix as well we'll be right back
thanks for listening to this podcast
your holy
halfway through so hold hold stay right
here just want to remind you if you want
to get all five segments of the Young
Turks commercial free these are just two
of them every day we do it so go to TYT
Network comm slash join and you get the
whole five segments two hours ad free do
it now all right back on The Young Turks
I'm gonna read you some comments as
usual of course we go to YouTube super
chat first 46:59 rock intensity says AOC
in the house the future is now
agreed shelby writes in on twitter i
cried during the show on election night
watching Alexandria's win i didn't
realize how badly I needed hope she
brings life back into this fight so
that's very nice thank you
your momma writes in whoa no maybe your
mom knows about you I'm not sure how
nando feels about gun control but
apparently decided to bring the John Ida
roller inspired gun show to the TYT okay
don't make me come in a t-shirt last one
this is the substitute I don't think
your mom's writing in about but chase
even has rights in taking money from
working people and giving it to others
is the fundamental principle though I'm
not just health insurance but all
insurance Medicare for all gives people
the option to remove some extra
unnecessary hands and the pot taking
away funds purely for profit so I love
that my favorite thing was when Paul
Ryan did that press conference when they
were trying to destroy the Affordable
Care Act and he's like hey did you know
that in the Affordable Care Act the
healthy pay into insurance and then the
sick take it out
yeah that's assurance that's yeah god
you're so dumb okay anyways after losing
their touch a little bit they are you
know I think they are they've lost their
ability to flex that kind of a
rhetorical muscle that they used to be
very very good at I think they're kind
of slipping yeah Nando's now obsessed
with muscles we get
all right so let's go on to more Fox tax
it's always fun so Fox News has been
attacking Alexandra crosshair Cortez
who's with here with us to here today I
over a hundred times last month which is
amazing and so they're at it again today
doing several different things one thing
that they're doing is they've got they
found old blogs of hers where ever I
seen that before I've been there sister
so but what they charge you with is
pretty significant though they say that
you have read Adam Smith no is that true
how do you in fact studied Adam Smith I
admit that I have read The Wealth of
Nations in the Theory of Moral
Sentiments damn I have read a book I
read a book oh my goodness I can't
believe we're helping fox news here but
guilty as charged
yes she is in fact smart okay so what
they say you know all kidding aside they
they say well that means they you know
they refer to your honesty like Oh is
she honest if she says set a couple
positive things about Adam Smith while
in school on college so I can't believe
I'm asking you to address this hilarious
point yeah Adam Smith's a smart
intellectual guy but anyway yes go ahead
yeah no I think it's a first of all I
think it's funny that's like oh my god
you read the book and it's like yeah
I've read the book and maybe that's
probably why my critiques are a little
more substantiative than theirs but but
also they also because they have not
read Adam Smith either they don't
realize that he's not this like total
free market libertarian coke brother of
the 1800s
he's you know he speaks to for example
when he talks about markets he wasn't
talking about the sp500 he was talking
about a larger political theory of what
a market means and so so yeah I've read
Adam Smith and and yeah you know they
talked about how when I was nine
tene I had wrote this this blog post and
I said oh yeah feminism and empowerment
these words could be relics and I think
it was just you know I do think it was
youthful naiveté and thinking that I was
an equal person in the eyes of the law
and I did not anticipate a time when I
would have to be fighting for Roe versus
Wade I did not anticipate a time when I
would actually have to fight for equal
rights and you know I think young people
are guilty of being naive we are guilty
of thinking that perhaps the world is a
little better than it is yeah absolutely
I mean it's I was on the same boat as
you when I was a college student and I
would hear the word feminism and I would
cringe because I felt like you know
women who wanted to be activists and
feminist movement were making themselves
victims all you have to do is work hard
and stop complaining you're looking for
excuses and then guess what happened I
graduated 18 when you're in school you
don't want to actually believe like oh
we don't get paid less there's like no
way right but we get paid laughs so if
there's definitely there's definitely
that issue but there's also the issue of
perception and so the first time I
realized that there is you know there
are double standards was when you know
jenk and I would do the show together
and Jake is a fiery dude I'm a fiery
person as well yeah and when I'm fiery
it's like look at that emotional girl oh
yeah when Jacob was fiery it was passion
yes so passionate about these issues and
so that was the that was the first hint
I got and then I experienced other
things and I'm like oh okay and it was
not just about your personal experiences
it's about looking at the broader
picture and seeing what you know
differences arise between men and women
in the workplace overall and the
substantiation of the critiques it's
always like it's always superficial
critiques you're you're not attractive
enough you're too attractive your shrill
your voice is weird it's like always so
sensory yes because that is the male
games yeah you know yeah it is a sensory
perception of women as as opposed to a
substantive perception of women but you
know at 18 I didn't want to believe that
that was I just impressed that how
politically engaged you guys were at 18
19 it was like a total idiot like just
trying to figure out how to get drunk I
don't know known and oh you were better
off because I read almost everything I
wrote back when I was a Republican yeah
so I was in worse shape than you guys
because I was actually on the wrong side
of the issues right and I remember
writing an article against feminism well
when I was in college yeah but you know
for those you're out there who do coupe
critique like if you're on the internet
and you're trolling that doesn't help at
all and but there is constructive
critique out there that does help and so
I remember somebody wrote a letter to
the editor back against one of my
articles when I when I was at Penn and
said Jake you're actually a feminist and
explain what feminism really is now that
planted a seed now that seed did not
grow till later but it did it eventually
grew and I realized no all of that was
propaganda yes feminism what feminists
did was they gave 50% of the populations
the same rights as the other 50% you
can't ask for anything that is more
liberating and wonderful and positive
right Equal Rights is not something that
you should have to fight for but they
but they did they did have to fight for
it and thank God they won and they won
so thoroughly sometimes on some issues
that some of us forgot how hard that
fight yes that's very true exactly I
don't think that you know we couldn't
possibly appreciate what previous
generations did for us because we
weren't alive for it and we just lived
in the benefits of it women weren't
allowed to have credit cards in the
United States until the 1970s like just
let that sink in for a second that is
messed up because it's spend all our
money you you could open a line of
credit with your husband's permission
but if you were a single woman in the
United States it wasn't until the 1970s
that you had the right to take out a
credit card yeah that's insane and being
a single mom isn't a new thing exactly
if you were a single mom in the 1970s
you were not a full financial person
exactly yeah it's crazy and again these
are things that we've taken for granted
and and I didn't even know about the
credit card thing until recently and
it's just it goes to show you that hey
these protections these you know moves
for equality didn't happen a century ago
some of it happened decades ago
absolutely yeah
okay so one more fun attack from Fox
News this was particularly enjoyable
because of how they accidentally admit
were pretty much right so again this is
directed at Alexandria Casa Cortez who's
here with us obviously today and it was
by a daily call a writer so of course it
has no relationship to the truth but she
almost accidentally stumbles into it
this is fun she goes to one of
Alexandria's Kent rallies she says cory
bush well Cory bushes San Luis and and
other justice Democrat check out all the
just Democrats they were all running
across the country make sure you support
them uncorrupted they take no corporate
PAC money and drive FoxNews crazy okay
so she goes to rally she says she it was
frightened so let's find out what she
was frightened about was watching I was
listening to to them talked to a patio
Cortes and also to Cory Bush who she was
stumping for in in st. Louis and they
say things I mean I talk about things
that everybody wants especially like if
you're a parent they talk about
education for your kids health care for
your kids these the things that you want
and you know if you're not really paying
attention to how they're gonna pay for
it or you know the rest of that it's
easy to fall into that trap and say my
kids deserve this saying that my kids
deserve when I have kids when I have
kids I'm just gonna just gonna let them
on the street and just let them you know
nothing Nando way did not fall into the
trap I see what you're doing
stay true that you're actually
advocating for all Americans I was I was
you know I I kind of remember her from
that selfie mount now that I look at it
the thing that's wild is that so we were
at this cory bush rally and if you've
ever seen or met cory bush you know that
she herself is one of the most inspiring
people that you've ever met and so cory
bush of course aligns this rally and all
of the opening acts for the rally of
people talking about racial justice
people talk about health care LGBT
rights and so it's like all of these
really moral arguments about what is
right in america and so i think at the
end of that rally i remember seeing her
and it you know how you talked about how
once upon a time you wrote about not
being a feminist since someone planted a
seed I think we planted a lot of seeds
yeah and so I think she's struggling
with it and that's ten years I guarantee
you I'm pleased right now yeah no no I
think that she's a hundred percent right
she's struggling yeah she's like it's
pretty good yeah like we're we're it's
not that we get stuff for free but
Medicare for all cost less than the
current system and we would all be
covered and we wouldn't have co-pays and
we wouldn't have premiums and when our
kids got sick we wouldn't be a nervous
wreck that either they were going we
weren't going to be able to treat them
or was gonna bankrupt our family I'm a
she's afraid that it sounds good what's
happening is that when I was joking
about them losing their kind of Verve
the Republicans in their rhetorical
muscle I think what's happening is after
Bernie's campaign and after your
campaign where people are advocating in
clear terms for bread-and-butter things
that are majoritarian positions in the
vast majority of the country that
actually will help improve people's
lives and when you put those things
clearly and out there forcefully and
sharpen the distinctions it's like their
brain the brain explodes because they
because you know how can you argue
against this is too it's like you know I
meet every person where they're at and I
think compassion and empathy is
important this woman is a writer for The
Daily Caller The Daily
does not pay its writers a lot of money
I guarantee you that this woman is
struggling to make ends meet and I
guarantee you that she has struggled to
pay medical bills that she has feared
for her financial future before and you
know our side is actually at least we're
trying to put down plans at least we're
trying to find some kind of solution to
get this woman health care to cover her
the future of her children and she's
writing for an outlet that is basically
saying people like her don't deserve
those things and so I think it puts her
in the tight bind as a human being and I
think that's a lot of what we saw that
struggling that she had on Fox News like
I saw her as the mom and and you know I
I feel I really feel for those people
yeah I think the right wing you know
they're so afraid of the others that
they unfortunately some of them
definitely not all of them but some of
them seem to have bad intent I got to
keep those people away I got to build a
wall the Muslims are scary Latinos are
scary etc Center we on the other hand
actually why you'd have health care we
want you to have higher wages even if we
don't like you that's right even if
you're a Trump motor we're not gonna say
by the way the Trump's tax plan
literally did this they punished the
blue states and reward the red states in
their tax plan right we would never do
that because we actually care about the
people in Alabama and Kentucky and West
Virginia we want you to have higher
wages and we're gonna fight like hell to
get your higher wages so that's why if
you go to Alexandria's rallies you might
be shocked at what you find out so which
leads us to part two she said she was
uncomfortable let's find out why I was
mostly uncomfortable because I was
surrounded by a group of people who were
talking about how they had gotten
involved because they were tired of
being angry all the time then it seems
like so much effort to be angry about
everything
instead of to focus on what you could do
to change it so it was really
uncomfortable so I actually love that
you know why because you guys all went
to a rally to change things yeah right
she goes to rally for changing us they
said it being angry why don't they go
change something they just
a chance to change things and they
trying to do the same thing with Cory
bush yeah and you know what I'm noticing
with Fox News overall the right-wing
overall is they're attacking you
incessantly because they're afraid yeah
and and they're afraid because think
about the message that Trump used while
he was campaigning and I'm not gonna say
that it was the exact same message as
yours of course it wasn't but it was a
populist message that talked about
affordable health care that talked about
covering every American that talked
about you know the economic
disadvantages of the system that we're
in right now I mean you didn't say it as
eloquently but that was when he kept
touching on and so what did Trump turn
around and do and Americans are paying
attention he turned around and pushed
for tax cuts for corporations the the
tax cuts were pulling poorly but he
passed them anyway okay Congress pass
them anyway now the White House is
talking about unilaterally passing more
tax cuts for capital gains tax you think
that's gonna sit well with your voters
Fox News is aware that the right wing is
aware of that and so they hear your
messaging they hear Justice Democrats
and what they've been campaigning on and
I'm sure they're scared because they
realize this message is gonna resonate
and how do we fight back every time
they've tried to fight back they've only
made you guys look better so I wrote an
article on HuffPo back in 2005 thirteen
years ago and I think that it applies
exactly to what they're trying to do to
you so and I and I quote I'm gonna quote
myself here which is always a funny
thing to do but only because I want you
to understand that this is not us in
hindsight saying oh they're attacking
Alexandria and this is what they're
trying to do no we've been doing this
for decades so they did it to Howard
Dean back in the day back when Howard
Dean was a good guy in a progressive
they did it to Bernie Sanders they're
doing it to Alexandria so let me read to
you what I wrote in 2005 you sieved you
think it applies is that if it's the
playbook that they are using so it was a
seven step plan for media domination and
opponent destruction and that is what
Republicans and Fox News used and I said
step one select the strongest person on
the other side and target him for
destruction although in this case it
would be her attempt to destroy
credibility in the mainstream media so
the reporters will be skeptical of him
and eventually his own party will disown
him step 2 comb through all of the
speeches of the target find one to two
sentences that can be taken out of
context and beat to death portray those
few isolated statements as extreme
literally what Fox News did today
- Alexandra Casa Cortez hey I comb
through all of your writing I found that
you like Adam Smith I found that you
said one bad thing about feminism okay
step 3 real quick guys repeat step 2 800
800 times until three things have
happened
every time the target is mentioned the
audience will think of the only charges
you have repeated ad nauseam - the
conversation is no longer on the topic
at hand but about your tart what your
target said about the topic your three
your target sounds like an extremist
simply because you have repeated the
charge enough times so when they attack
you on different issues they're trying
to get you people to not focus on the
issue itself it goes to the heart of
what was happening with that woman if
you focus on medicare-for-all and
realize it actually saves money and
covers everyone well Fox News is screwed
so instead I'm gonna find one or two
things that Alexandria said and try to
make it seem extreme so you are both
distracted and I get to attack the
strongest person on the other side
obviously as you said they don't do just
do this to me they don't just do the
politicians they do it to activists
they've done it too you can look at a
bunch of prominent activists here right
now in the contemporary space and the
whole idea is to create doubt amongst
progressives about each other so that
because our strongest our strongest suit
is our solidarity because when we do
come together it's unstoppable
so the beg the biggest weapon and this
is what I've said at our rallies is that
they hand us a weapon to use on
ourselves and that's cynicism and so
they they give us all of the ingredients
for cynicism and then they let us come
to our own conclusions with the
materials that they have given to us the
Alexandra that's funny you say that too
step 6
okay get your opponents to take down
their own people for fear that they will
keep getting asked the same annoying
senseless questions from you and your
proxies and the reason they will give is
the one you conveniently planted the
target has become a distraction and
Shirley Sherrod the Acorn thing four
years ago like they I mean the Democrats
ended up caving on it yeah sure and if
you're a person of color especially
they've done it at Ron King they do to
Linda Sarsour like it makes you in even
more of a target but they do it to
everybody everybody so what's
fascinating is they wrote the playbook
they've been carrying it out for all
this time and you're seeing it live
happening to Alexandria and of course
also to Bernie Sanders and the rest of
the media keeps on feeding into it
without even realizing the game that's
being played oh my god
squirrels shiny object you said
something about somebody nine years ago
or well how so I'm gonna buy into it and
I'm gonna pretend that that's the same
for me and ignore the substance of what
your campaign was about like meanwhile
Republicans are literally running
accused pedophile yes awesome spitting
like whatever like they don't believe in
climate change and it's like I would
argue the the strongest component of the
Republican Party is their ability to
stick up for one another regardless of
what the person who's being targeted has
been accused of doing they don't care
and and look I think that on the Left we
have standards we have real morality and
we do hold one another accountable but I
do think that you know when someone is
attempting to plant a seed of cynicism
we have to be skeptical and really you
know dissect the reasoning behind it try
to figure out what they're really trying
to do in terms of sowing doubt like how
many mainstream liberal outlets reported
the 32 trillion-dollar headline from the
Koch brothers story just without
anything without any sort of context
even though Associated Press never
mentions is that that our current system
cost thirty three trillion dollars like
seems like it
you know caveat yeah first paragraph was
about how this was a study done at a
college with no reference to the fact
that the Koch brothers funded it the
huge headline cost thirty two point six
trillion in the first paragraph talking
about it how it might double your taxes
now you took that straight out of the
coke funded study yeah that's actually
not true and you didn't do your homework
but so I want I address it to the media
because this is the game that's also
being played on you
and so yes we address it to progressives
so when you see this in action
understand to don't get distracted by
that stuff circle the wagons stick up
for one another don't buy into FoxNews
propaganda and do their bidding no fight
for one another stand strong together
and it's not to say and I think the
thing that makes us different from that
other side is that it's not to say that
we excuse other people's past or or that
we just say ok anything that you do is
ok but it's to ensure that we we take
those opportunities to have conversation
yes yes that we you take those
opportunities to have conversations to
talk about you know evolution but when
we just when we immediately jump to
public vitriol and distancing and
weakening then you know it does follow a
formula yeah absolutely right and last
thing guys understand that when the
right wing attack machine comes they
look for the worst of the worst so for
example when today Fox News does a story
about how once Alexandria or was
something positive about Adam Smith that
doesn't mean she did something wrong
that means they couldn't find him that's
the worst thing right I mean they looked
and looked and looked and they found out
that you were a smart person who read
the book of about Adam Smith and wrote
an article about it which by the way I
said that means you're the cleanest
person in America
wait like I got a degree in economics
like I can't get a degree in economics
without reading Adam Smith I mean if I
could then that's not a good degree I
know but you just mentioned something
that disqualifies you based on Fox News
is logic and that's education because
actual information knowledge on
economics they're like Oh last thing
super ironic big article about Adam
Smith doesn't understand Adam Smith at
all
yeah Adam Smith argued for taxation
wedding yes monopolies argued for
regulation he didn't argue for unlimited
out-of-control red people of all time
yes he is and and he acknowledges that
there are extreme limitations to a
corporate only economy that that he
acknowledges that they're going to have
to be not just limits but they're going
to have to be kind of a different actors
in the economy beyond just corporations
individual actors that's right
and he talks about be careful about
market forces because they can run out
of control like for example in
monopolies so ironically they're
criticizing you for reading Adam Smith
without reading Adam Smith understood
perfectly than the nature of the of the
super rich variety no he said that the
they follow the vile maximum everything
for ourselves nothing for anyone else
that was Adam Smith quote they would
never code on Fox News yeah
all right guys we've got to take one
more break we got more news of the day
coming up so come right back thanks for
watching what I hope was a lovely
edition of The Young Turks now you know
that that is two of the five segments
that we do because that's free we want
to have you support independent media
and can watch the whole show that we do
every day that's five segments overall
no ads at all that's at TYT Network com
slash join come become a member
thanks for watching either way
