and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more earlier
this year the UN had released a study
into the economic situation in the
United States and for most people living
in the United States it was unsurprising
that the UN High Commissioner for Human
Rights found that 40 million Americans
are poor and more than 5 million live in
third world conditions so when that
study came out the Trump administration
was angry and they were angry because
they keep writing this wave of a false
you know positive economy narrative in
reality if you look at the economy it's
not doing well but Trump keeps touting
his tax cuts he keeps talking about how
the unemployment rate is low he never
wants to talk about wages but this study
looked into the economy on a deeper
level and found hey a lot of people are
actually really struggling under Trump's
economic policies so Trump's response to
this the White House's response was that
the study was inaccurate inflammatory
and irresponsible so usually what
happens and it certainly was the case
with this story the White House releases
a response and so the Trump
administration wanted to respond to it
and try to prove that the information in
this study was inaccurate but what ended
up happening based on this great
investigative story by foreign policy
was they decided to just ignore their
own economist when they left notes on
the margins of you know drafts for this
response
okay so I'll give you examples so
according to the internal State
Department emails and a document
obtained by foreign policy and Coda's
story the economic officials consulted
on a draft of the rebuttal questioned
the accuracy of the data the
administration was citing so next to a
line in the draft which reads the u.s.
as it is entering a new era of economic
growth and prosperity an official from
the White House Council of Economic
Advisers remarked that the economic
growth had long predated Trump and said
the trajectory might not last so the
notes specifically said this and the
Trump administration totally
ignored it already eight to nine years
along or eight to nine years long which
started under Obama and we inherited and
then expanded but it will end probably
in one to two years so I'd not get into
this
so look an economic crash if we keep
going the way that we are is coming and
so these economic advisors are very well
aware of that and they're like be cool
don't don't include that in that because
it's gonna be bad right and notice that
that person is clearly on the Trump team
this is we expanded the economic so it's
not any it's not a liberal it's not a
progressive bragging about how we they
expanded their recovery but he's like
but don't talk about it one because it's
gonna crash
oh that's what they apparently think
internally but never tell you and number
two is it doesn't look that great for us
because it's actually been going on for
eight or nine years under Obama and he's
right about that
the economy has added jobs for 93
straight months so it clearly started
under Obama in the beginning of October
of 2010 and has been going ever since
now you can say hey to be fair
unemployment's at three point nine
percent that's a very low number and it
is continued under Trump that's a fair
point to make but wages have declined
when you take inflation into account yes
and to say that you started it well
that's preposterous so they write in the
margins don't say that that's not true I
keep I know you're gonna be shocked
turns out they said it anyway they did
they did so but I want to give you more
examples because it gives you a sense of
how little this administration really
cares about the reality of our economic
situation at one point the draft asserts
that people experiencing a housing
crisis in a community have fair and
equal access and are connected to
available housing and related assistance
based on their strengths and needs now
the note that was left said something
different an official from the Council
of Economic Advisors wrote massive
waiting lists for vouchers not sure this
is our strong suit in other words don't
include this this is a bad idea
same thing happened when the Trump
administration wanted to brag about how
much they've helped Puerto Rico after
the hurricane so the draft also noted
the 18 billion dollars that had been
allocated to Puerto Rico and the
economic advisor essentially wrote
pretty sure that's peanuts compared to
what the mainland got so you may want to
rethink this above the language they use
pretty sure yeah peanuts that's a very
technical economic language for you
people I mean they nobodies like they
know yeah that's the thing that is just
I think that is so hurtful about it is
that they know they know the truth and
they are willfully disguising it and if
you cared about this country you would
care that 40 million Americans are poor
you would care that five million
Americans are living in third world
conditions and we would do something to
address it but because you don't care
about these forty million people you
don't want to acknowledge them you don't
want to talk about them
so as injure that's a great point
because their first instinct is how do i
brag their first instinct is not how do
I look out for Americans there's he's
suppose we the President of the United
States the president of all of us if I
saw a in in the funny situation where I
would be President
where if I saw a forty million Americans
are hungry I wouldn't think who's
blaming me who's blaming right I would
think how do we help them but it never
even occurs to them the question is how
do we frame it in a way so it doesn't
look like they're actually in poverty
yeah and that we're awesome and so one
more thing on wages but one of the
officials noted wages haven't really
picked up other than for supervisors woo
and then went on to say this triggers
the left best to leave it off okay let's
stop for a second um I think that
characterizing this as something that
triggers the left is actually inaccurate
because even left-leaning news
organizations continuously regurgitate
these false talking points from the
right wing about how our economy is
doing so great oh my god the GDP grew by
four point one percent in the last
quarter no but how how did it grow no
one talks about that no one talks about
record amount of consumer debt Americans
are in right now
yeah Americans did spend on retail
during the last quarter they the GDP did
grow but it only grew because a farmers
had to export soybeans ahead of schedule
because of this trade war and more
importantly Americans have to take out
more debt to buy the bare necessities of
life so that's what's really going on
but the media doesn't go into that even
the left-leaning media I didn't see
MSNBC covering that I mean they claim
they are but yeah I just I think that is
it's something that it's something that
triggers progressives let's just be
completely honest it actually if they
use the derogatory word triggers but in
other word for that is concerned you
know who's concerned about wages being
stagnant it's the whole country right
the whole middle of the country your
voters all the voters that's why they
voted for Alexandria and partly why they
voted for Trump because Trump lied to
them and said I'm gonna help you with
your wages etc now your wages are down
when you take inflation into account and
then go past not to mention that because
it triggers people how about instead you
do something about it and the reality is
that all this job growth that has
happened in the last whenever eight or
nine years the vast majority the
overwhelming majority of the jobs have
been these crappy kind of low-wage temp
freelance jobs with no benefits no
security no nothing which is you know
yeah it technically is a job it's better
than not having a job but it's not a
real meaningful like it's not a way to
live without it you know the fear of
losing your job the next day or the week
after actually the number of Americans
who are now taking on multiple jobs has
increased right and so if you're making
a decent living wage you're not gonna
need to work two or three jobs to make
ends meet but we're seeing more and more
people taking on more work just so they
can make up for the fact that their
employers refuse to pay them a living
wage and also look you look at the stock
market that's where those tax cuts are
going right like oh but the stock
market's doing so well you think the
majority the middle class in the working
class is investing in stocks no it's
these corporate executives who are
taking their tax cuts and
artificially inflating stock prices by
buying doing stock buybacks that's
what's really going on and they can keep
playing these games and pretending as if
everything's hunky-dory as long as they
want but I think Americans in general
are waking up to Jenks point and they're
aware they're aware of what's really
going on the most powerful story that
I've heard about this recently was Kanye
laying who's running out out in Hawaii
shout out his election is August 11th
yep if you want to help him go to
justice Democrats calm slash candidates
and phonebank but one of the things that
one of the things that Kanye said was
that he was knocking on doors and he was
going into one of the more
poverty-stricken areas of his district
and he knocked on this woman's door and
he said hey if you had a $15 minimum
wage would you quit your second job and
she said no but I would quit my third
Wow and that's the state of America and
they were saying hey don't say because
it triggers the left yeah so last thing
on this is they yeah there's been
stories mainly about how they're
ignoring their own economic advisors but
the heart of the story is how their
whole effort is to lie to you and to
manipulate the actual data and evidence
to make sure you don't find out the
truth and the truth is as Alexandra
pointed out in con yell and all the just
Democrats talking about is your wages
are too low yeah and they've been
artificially suppressed corporations
have too much power it's not that they
shouldn't exist but should they be able
to buy off politicians through campaign
donations and independent expenditures
of course they shouldn't and when they
do what do you think they're gonna use
that power for to help you or to keep
your wages lower that's why you the just
Democrats don't take any corporate PAC
money and so you can actually trust them
that they have your best interests in
mind and so as you can see here from
from this great investigative report the
people have the Trump administration do
not have your best interests in mind
they just think how can we manipulate
you so that you think we're doing a good
job when we know internally or not I'm
finally convinced you know I was on the
fence okay
this report really put me over the edge
all right well I want to thank
Alessandra for being here is amazing and
I want to thank all you guys too as she
did earlier in the show TYT comm /join
that's how you become a member you get
all of our shows if you missed any
portion of this show you can get it
there as well and and you make this
possible so for all the help that you've
given to the just Democrats to Wolf Pack
to all these efforts to to help fellow
progressives thank you guys so all the
Young Turks members that make it
possible to easy ways for young turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
