and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more so
foxnews has been attacking Alexandria
crosshair cortezes with here with us to
here today I over a hundred times last
month which is amazing and so they're at
it again today doing several different
things one thing that they're doing is
they've got they found old blogs of hers
where ever I seen that before I've been
there sister so but what they charge you
with is pretty significant though they
say that you have read Adam Smith is
that true have you in fact studied Adam
Smith I admit that I have read The
Wealth of Nations in the Theory of Moral
Sentiments damn I have read a book I
read a book oh my goodness I can't
believe we're helping fox news here but
guilty as charged
yes she is in fact smart okay so what
they say you know all kidding aside they
they say well that means they you know
they refer to your honesty like Oh is
she honest if she says set a couple of
positive things about Adam Smith while
in school long college so I can't
believe I'm asking you to address this
hilarious point yeah Adam Smith's a
smart intellectual guy but anyway yes go
ahead
ya know I think it's a first of all I
think it's funny that's like oh my god
you read the book and it's like yeah
I've read the book and maybe that's
probably why my critiques are a little
more substantiative than theirs but but
also they also because they have not
read Adam Smith either they don't
realize that he's not this like total
free market libertarian coke brother of
the 1800s he's you know he speaks to for
example when he talks about markets he
wasn't talking about the sp500 he was
talking about a larger political theory
of what a market means and so um so yeah
I've read Adam Smith and and yeah you
know they talked about how when I was
nine
tene I had wrote this this blog post and
I said oh yeah feminism and empowerment
these words could be relics and I think
it was just you know I do think it was
youthful naivet√© and thinking that I was
an equal person in the eyes of the law
and I did not anticipate a time when I
would have to be fighting for Roe versus
Wade I did not anticipate a time when I
would actually have to fight for equal
rights and you know I think young people
are guilty of being naive we are guilty
of thinking that perhaps the world is a
little better than it is yeah absolutely
I mean it's I was on the same boat as
you when I was a college student and I
would hear the word feminism and I would
cringe yeah because I felt like you know
women who wanted to be activists and in
feminist movement were making themselves
victims all you have to do is work hard
and stop complaining or looking for
excuses and then guess what happened I
graduated and he started working 18 when
you're in school you don't want to
actually believe like oh we don't get
paid less there's like no way right but
we get paid less so if there's
definitely there's definitely that issue
but there's also the issue of perception
and so the first time I realized that
there is you know there are double
standards was when you know jenk and I
would do the show together and Jake is a
fiery dude I'm a fiery person as well
yeah and when I'm fiery it's like look
at that emotional girl oh yeah when
Jacob was fiery it was passion yes so
passionate about these issues and so
that was the first right and so am i and
that was the first hint I got and then I
experienced other things that I'm like
oh okay
and it was not just about your personal
experiences it's about looking at the
broader picture and seeing what you know
differences arise between men and women
in the workplace overall and the
substantiation of the critiques it's
always like it's always superficial
critiques you're you're not attractive
enough you're too attractive your shrill
your voice is weird it's like always so
sensory yes because that is the male
games yeah you know yeah it is a sensory
perception of women as as opposed to a
substantive perception of women but you
know at 18 I didn't want to believe that
that was
I'm just impressed that how politically
engaged you guys were at 1819 it was
like a total idiot like just trying to
figure out how to get drunk I don't know
no Nando you were better off no because
I read almost everything I wrote back
when I was a Republican yeah and so I
was in worse shape than you guys because
I was actually on the wrong side of
issues right and I remember writing an
article against feminism well when I was
in college but you know for those you're
out there who do critique like if you're
on the internet and you're trolling that
doesn't help at all and but there is
constructive critique out there that
does help and so I remember somebody
wrote a letter to the editor back
against one of my articles when I when I
was at Penn and said Jake you're
actually a feminist and explain what
feminism really is now that planted a
seed now that seed did not grow till
later but it did it eventually grew and
I realized no all of that was propaganda
yes feminists and what feminists did was
they gave 50% of the populations the
same rights as the other 50% you can't
ask for anything that is more liberating
and wonderful and positive right Equal
Rights is not something that you should
have to fight for but they but they did
they did have to fight for it and thank
God they won and they won so thoroughly
sometimes on some issues that some of us
forgot how hard that fight yes that's
very true exactly I don't think that you
know we couldn't possibly appreciate
what previous generations did for us
because we weren't alive for it and we
just lived in the benefits of it women
weren't allowed to have credit cards in
the United States until the 1970s like
just let that sink in for a second that
is messed up cuz it's spend all our
money you you can open a line of credit
with your husband's permission but if
you were a single woman in the United
States it wasn't until the 1970s that
you had the right to take out a credit
card yeah that's insane and being a
single mom isn't a new thing exactly if
you were a single mom in the 1970s you
were not a full financial person exactly
yeah it's crazy and again these are
things that we've taken for granted
and and I didn't even know about the
credit card thing until recently and
it's just it goes to show you that hey
these protections these you know moves
for equality didn't happen a century ago
some of it happened decades ago
absolutely yeah too easy wastefully own
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and ii is
ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
