and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more there
are now good folks and and some people
will not such good intentions attacking
one of our panelists here alexandria
crossover cortez and also using the
wrong frame so for the people with good
intent like Trevor no from The Daily
Show I don't think it means anything bad
by it at all but when when you were on
Alexandria he said there's those who say
look I agree with you but how do you pay
for this how do you make it economically
feasible referring to Medicare for all
there are some who argue and say I hear
what you're saying miss Cortez and I'm
with you but a $15 minimum wage may
stifle economic growth so before you get
the bad guys of Fox News okay
Alessandra what's wrong with that
framing well I think what is wrong is
that we end up falling into a trap we
end up falling into the Wrights trap of
framing which is that whenever they want
something we never ask how much it's
gonna cost whenever they want to
authorize unlimited war whenever they
want to cut our tax revenue down by 2
trillion dollars we never ask how are
you going to pay for some of the largest
expenditures that we've had in the last
20 years it's only when we talk about
education health care and housing do we
talk about empty pockets the the truth
of the matter is the way that we pay for
these programs is the same exact way
that we pay for endless war trillion
dollar tax cuts except the only
difference is that this is an actual
investment in our economy that creates
wealth on the other end whereas all of
those other things do not so I think
that's exactly right in that I really
think that for guys like Trevor I'm
positive he has no bad end intent at all
and that goes for most of the CNN anchor
is etc but but you know I know that the
everybody's used to the Conservatives
calling the media liberal but I really
believe that their mindset their framing
is not remotely progressive because I've
seen it happen in almost every debate
between Bernie Sanders and Hillary
Clinton I've seen it happen in New York
Washington Post stories whenever there
is a policy that can help the average
American they go yeah but how are you
gonna pay for it and whenever there is
giant trillions of dollars of tax cuts
for the rich they know like oh well ok I
guess that's gonna stimulate the economy
no it's not
and one other thing that in before we
get to the 5:00 clip my question is how
can we afford not to do Medicare for all
ok because doesn't Medicare for all
actually say buddy exactly and this was
even from a Koch brothers funded study
they thought it was gonna be this big
gotcha and then when they did the
cost-benefit analysis they find that not
only you know what we know that the u.s.
medical system is one of the most if not
the most expensive one in the world but
also that it's going to save us billions
and if not trillions of dollars in some
circumstances so it's a system that is
just more beneficial and that is why
almost every developed nation in the
world has it exactly yeah and I wanted
to just quickly touch on what you
mentioned briefly which I think you
don't hear a lot of politicians talk
about this and so I'm happy you
mentioned it when it comes to the
Department of Defense and our defense
budget in general you're right no one
ever has a conversation about oh how do
we pay for it and it's because there's
so much fear-mongering about oh the
others we need to protect the country
know the majority of that money goes to
private contractors when it doesn't need
to and there's a lot of waste in the
military but just to give you some
statistics some numbers the Trump
administration has asked Congress to
approve 716 billion dollars for 2019 for
defense ok that's a seven hundred
sixteen billion dollars no questions
about how we can afford it and this is
following a massive tax cut for the
wealthy and that's the bank bailout
right there right that's how much the
bank bailout cost yeah and and I think
that if they were on these programs the
Sunday morning programs etc it'd be an
excellent question is that practical can
we really afford that and so whenever
Bernie Sanders for example talks about
and or you do I was angry about the
college for all which is just seventy
five billion dollars a year you say well
just yeah that's about one tenth of the
defense budget so we don't have money
for the American Dream but we have ten
times as much money for defense
contractors
but now I want to move on to Fox's
hilarious attack against you any guess
medicare-for-all same topic here they
unlike Trevor Noah they do have bad
intent and you're going to see it here
in a what I find to be a very funny
couple of examples here let's watch in
our Bernie Sanders and congressional
candidate Alexandria Acacio Cortez have
been busy campaigning for government-run
health care this staple of the socialist
platform comes with an eye-popping price
tag you know I'm sure there are some
smart Democrats in Washington certainly
out in the country who are not on board
with this but the fact that that so many
of their leaders are talking about this
it is absolutely staggering and
obviously you know you look at the
numbers and and and of course it's
expensive we also know that it doesn't
work and you can point to all those yeah
you can point to all these reasons for
rejecting it
but it's the moral issue it's the idea
that it that these people are perfectly
okay with just taking things from people
who work and giving them to people who
do not work say you spend the 33
trillion dollars over the next ten years
what is the result of that well as we've
seen in these other places that have
implemented some kind of government-run
health care we have seen lack of care
we've seen quality of care go down a
lack of doctors rationing of care fatal
delays and so this idea that Bernie
Sanders says he wants Medicare for all
to work the key word there is to work
Italian doctors are using cardboard as
splints in third-world clinics of
southern Italy so if you break a limb
while you're visiting Italy this year
you don't want to do it down there
because they don't have enough material
and supplies in order to make a splint
for shattered arms and legs in Venezuela
sick people are taking dog medicine
that's how bad it is in Venezuela okay
well I found that to be hilarious but
first let me get a reaction from you
well first thing that I think is funny
is that they talk about these things but
they don't talk about the fact that
people will forego their medicine
because they can't afford it here that
people will go through real measures of
brutality
here in the United States because they
can't afford their own medicine either
even after for example what was
happening Puerto Rico Puerto Rico was
set up before the Hurricanes
you know not just to be a tax haven but
it was a tax haven for pharmaceutical
corporations the story that wasn't being
told after the storm was that actually
I'm IV bags were largely produced in
Puerto Rico and there was a shortage of
IV bags across the United States in the
aftermath of the storm but these stories
don't get covered because we don't want
to talk about the dysfunction the
brutality and the inhumanity of our
current United States healthcare system
so they pull these stories out of
nowhere but they don't talk about the
fact that the UK has routinely higher
health care standards than the United
States does that people in Canada don't
feel like they have to go bankrupt if
they have to if they have a need for
chemotherapy so it's like this
cherry-picking that's designed to
reinforce this boogeyman narrative when
in truth we're just talking about having
a humane economy in a humane country
yeah they say are these places that have
socialized medicine like Germany Norway
Finland Japan where they all Canada they
all have for better health care system
than we do that's measured they have
they live longer they have a healthier
population and it's at half the cost and
they never ask how can we in America
afford to pay double the cost of other
developed nations per capita and get
worse results but there were so many
funny things in there but the one that
took the icing was it is immoral give
people health care it's immoral to give
them health care in the way did you here
see the way that that analyst framed it
right he said that it's taking from
people who work and giving in to people
who don't know it's not Medicare for all
US for the whole country and we don't we
don't think of that with any other
successful socialized system here in the
United States we don't think about that
when it comes to Social Security we
don't think about that when it comes to
teachers we don't have this
us-versus-them frame when it comes to
these these systems that are beneficial
to all of us we don't say oh you know
we're taking from all of these rich
people so that
we so that older people can retire with
dignity because these are systems that
we all buy into we will all buy into
Medicare for all and we will all have
better health care because of it it
reminds me of what Ana said a couple
shows ago you know the other socialist
thing in the country is cops and
firefighters so using their logic it
would be hilarious to say now we've
gotta have cops for the poor they're
taking for people who work and giving
cops some people who don't work here's
my question like where are all of these
people that don't work that they're
talking about who are these people that
don't work in America because this is it
is code demonizing anyone who by the way
which is fascinating because I would
argue that a huge portion of their own
audience falls under this category but
you know we're talking about people who
just can't afford these massive premiums
these massive deductibles they're
working they're working hard I mean it's
funny because while they simultaneously
Tao Trump's low unemployment rate they
also talk about how oh look at all these
people who aren't working they're not
working yeah people are working they
just can't make ends meet because of how
the system is set up
absolutely I mean it's just we do not
want to admit right now in this country
that we are at levels of income
inequality that means that we are a
working poor nation we're a nation of
working poor people of people who are
making you know a large large proud
plurality of this country is making less
than $40,000 a year and more of us are
living in cities than we ever have it's
not enough to make ends meet and we
don't want to talk about the fact that
that is the stark reality right now in
terms of morality of the healthcare
system under the current health care
system under the current status quo
about 30,000 people die every year from
preventable health diseases that could
be treated in any other system other
than our own
so the morality is whether you allow the
deaths of tens of thousands of people
every single year in order to maintain
our current system and that's just
absolutely go test and I think that a
lot of the estimates in regard to how
much we would save with a Medicare for
All system actually underestimate the
amount we'd save because preventive care
is he
huge and that's the reason why you know
health care in in Cuba which by the way
does not have the best resources has
done so well they focus specifically on
preventive care and that prevents people
from getting sicker and getting
diagnosed later on which ends up being a
lot more expensive right so I just the
whole thing about morality to the people
on Fox News morality is all about the
wealthy should be able to hoard their
wealth and everyone else should suffer
that's their idea of morality two easy
ways folly and turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
