we're talking with Aaron Matei and he's
been debunking helping us to bunk the
Russia gate narrative Steve oh you have
a question for I do heron thanks for
being on I think you're excellent in
this area and I trust you as much as I
trust anyone
on this topic and my question to you
Aaron is given all that you know and I
don't know nearly as much as you do of
course there isn't proof of Russian
meddling but is there sufficient
evidence or any kind of anything
resembling evidence that would
reasonably make you think or make normal
people think that the Russians did
attempt to meddle in some way and that's
a different question altogether than you
know was it effective and should we talk
about it and and you know the fact that
they if they if they did in fact metal
are we then using that as propaganda for
other reasons this is a whole separate
issue but just the initial issue of
whether based on all that you know
whether or not you believe the Russian
is engaged in anything resembling
meddling you know Putin in his press
conference
you know openly said that he he wanted
Trump to win you know but I didn't take
that as shocking and some other people
did because you know Putin was openly
talking about warmer relations with
Russia and meanwhile Hillary Clinton had
been a hawk on Russia and involved in
with with the Obama administration when
she was secretary of state in which
relations deteriorated so you know I
wouldn't be surprised that Russia did
metal and of course I mean if if
credible evidence not just the
assertions of robert muller or James
clapper or all these anonymous officials
we keep hearing about
if credible evidence comes up like as I
mentioned before if like if there's a
screenshot of that surveillance video
that let that reportedly the Dutch
intelligence agencies had on the Russian
intelligence agencies or if the NSA has
you know has documents showing the
transfer of files from the DNC to to
Russia and to the into the GRU which you
know might be which the Muller
indictment recently of the G area of the
GRU officers
I lead one to conclude because it's very
specific in its detail so if Muller's is
if the information is accurate then it
must be based on something really really
powerful so all I'm saying is like let's
see it like let's see the evidence I'm
not gonna take anyone's claims on faith
neither Donald Trump's nor the
intelligence community especially
knowing all the there are there's a huge
agenda behind this constant fear
mongering and blaming of Russia it's a
lot of different powerful interests
converging neo-cons
who love war mongering with Russia it's
profitable to the military-industrial
complex who make a lot of money off of
tensions with Russia because they can
sell more weapons to NATO and that's why
for example whenever there's a vote in
the Senate to approve a new NATO member
you'll see the weapons industry spending
tens of millions of dollars on lobbying
it's my it's among their biggest biggest
lobbying focus areas of focus and of
course the Democrats who have every
reason to want to deflect blame for
losing to you know one of the worst if
not the worst presidential candidates of
all time so you know like of course
there would be evidence I just I guess
I'm just saying I haven't seen it yet
and the problem is what I think people
have a hard time processing especially
people who are like established liberal
pundits is that just because an
intelligence official says something I'm
not gonna believe it on faith I mean if
a Russian government person said
something or a British government person
said something without evidence we
wouldn't believe it and you know as long
as we're not hypocrites we should hold
that same standard to our own officials
as well you know I don't know if you saw
the interview that Mike Morell did now
he's a former CIA director and he gave
an inner an interview with Politico and
to me the lead was buried their lead was
Russia Russia Russia but it's deep in
that article he said there will probably
never be any proof two of the Russian
hacking of our elections and collusion
with Trump and he said the reason why he
thinks they'll never be any proof is
because every journalist has been
working on this now for a couple years
and they've
nothing along with every intelligence
officer has been trying to find
something and if there was evidence it
would have already leaked and since
there hasn't been a leak of any real
evidence he concludes there isn't any
evidence and if there isn't any yet
there ain't never gonna be any evidence
and so that's why Muller keeps doing
these BS indictments he indicted 12
Russian military guys who will never see
the inside of a courtroom here's the
funny thing when he did indict those 12
Russian trolls did you know that the
company showed up and they were like
okay we'll actually see you in court mr.
baller and we'd like to have some
discovery which they're legally entitled
to and what the mauler said then was oh
we're not ready for that we need 60 days
more why did you do an indictment if you
weren't ready if you weren't ready for
so that again this is a propaganda fact
free no evidence they all have admitted
there will never be evidence and yet
here we are it's taken it's like a
religion right there's no facts for
religion but people believe it like it's
true would you consider this a religion
at this point of course I mean like
Russia attacked us has become like a
catechism it's just it's just like it's
just it's just true because like let you
say it and it's by default true and it's
it's you know it's hard to to reach
people when they're so bought into a
narrative that makes a certain class of
people feel better about themselves like
you know MSNBC hosts who get paid
millions of dollars can you know deflect
blame from the Democratic Party that
they're very closely aligned with and
blame everything all of our woes on
Russia and not look at all of the
systemic issues that are very much the
responsibility of people like their
corporate owners Comcast and and the
people who Comcast wants to sell average
advertisements to and also just wants to
do deals with and so it's a great way to
deflect from this like insane political
system we have and put everything on a
foreign enemy a lot of people when they
they push back against the assertion
that Russia the Russia is nonsense like
all these insuring intelligence operates
would be lying to us why don't you know
what's in it
Robert Muller and you know why would
these guys lie about all this sort of
stuff
and you pointed out earlier what why are
they would but it seems like they all
have their variety of different reasons
some these intelligence guys are still
stuck in a cold war mindset where they
view Russia as the enemy and what end
Russia is constantly trying to undermine
us others are affiliated with the
defense industry and military
contractors so it seems like there's a
lot much like with the Iraq war there
are a lot of different people who had a
lot of reasons to lie about it and
promote it for their own agenda but the
bottom line is we we get this Russian
narrative and you can't get them get
people to push off of it yeah and we
know and we also a lot of them hate
Trump I mean you know there's a huge
like Republican foreign policy
establishment that came out against
Trump during the election John Brennan
openly calls them a traitor so a lot of
them hate Trump not because they're Lok
but for their own reasons they don't
like how Trump manages the US Empire
basically and they're embarrassed by it
but that's no reason to to them for us
to throw in our lot with them and go
along with everything that they say
if you enjoyed this clip of aggressive
progressives you know there's a
90-minute show waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network go to tea white tea
network.com slash join to see all our
content
