as we had talked about recently on The
Young Turks emmav Egeland was in Florida
talking to Trump supporters at a rally
for De Santis who has a gubernatorial
bid in Florida and we showed you a
number of different Trump supporters I
would argue that some of the videos that
we showed you yesterday included the
more animated supporters but I wanted to
give you some other examples of you know
the people who continue to support Trump
and and the reasons for why they love
him so much so with that said let's take
a look at a young Trump supporter who
says that he actually was against
Obamacare that was one of the things
that turned him on to trump and his
presidential bid take a look
I watched throughout the election and I
just felt like I couldn't vote for
Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump based on
their experience and the reputation and
then once Donald Trump started doing
what he wanted to do and really got into
power
I noticed that everything that he said
he was gonna do he actually did so what
specifically did he do that spoke to you
he he reformed taxes he you know started
going against Obamacare because I didn't
really think that Obamacare was good for
the middle class do you think that
Medicare for all is a good option or do
you just want private insurance I
believe like you could do something a
similar to Canada where it is Medicare
there is a version of Medicare for all
but then they also have the ability to
have private health care if you choose
to pay for it hey I feel like that's
what Bernie Sanders is promoting right
now okay no no I had to see this I love
this because
right-wingers do projection they think
like oh you guys are out there trying to
Punk them or troll them or make fun of
them no it's not true
what we're doing is we're putting a mic
in front of people and finding out why
they like Trump and and asked you them
legitimate questions so it's not an a
like a steven crowder type of gotcha I'm
so clever and you're not so because look
at this that see that's enlightening for
all of us to now now one person doesn't
represent all the Trump supporters
obviously the crazy guy was showed
yesterday doesn't represent them this
kind of but overall you can begin to get
a sense right by the way in you should
watch that whole video and
and it's on rebel HQ on YouTube and
Facebook and if you get our app you get
all that programming really easy just go
to get TYT app to be able to watch all
of it but anyway in in earlier parts
they were most of the people answering
we're saying why do you like Trump he's
not a regular politician and I was
thinking like I know it man
like people in Washington they love
politicians because they're their
friends but they don't so they're
incapable of seeing how much the rest of
the country hates politicians in fact
when I say that they think I'm being
uncivil no I'm just telling you the
reality Jerry don't like politicians
that bothers they dislike the most are
slick politicians so when they seem
Donald Trump with all of his rough edges
they're like yeah that's not a slick
politician okay that part is true
can I let me just add something to that
that is important so whenever Trump
tweets and as you all know there are all
sorts of misspellings grammatical errors
lack of punctuation the worst thing to
do is to get on him for that because
that actually that is a strategy that
works with his voters right because it
makes him human it makes him relatable
he's not some polished rehearsed
politician I know and but it's
frustrating to me because yeah look if
you are also misspelled Marine Corps
that's okay but you're not the president
right the president is supposed to be
smart
it's not a good thing to brag about that
you're the guy you support is not very
bright and doesn't know how to spell so
okay yeah but you're right about that
they do think that that makes them real
okay so now back to this guy
look I don't sense any malice from this
guy and and he really doesn't get it so
and he he doesn't have the right
information so first of all he says
Trump delivered on everything no he
didn't and he mainly talked about
draining the swamp and his
administration if his filled of the room
was corruption but this guy probably
didn't get the memo on probably 90% of
the scandals that Trump's you think that
guy knows the Trump did a deal with the
Chinese to reopen ZTE and allow them to
come into the
similar international security threat
because China gave a billion dollars to
a park in Indonesia that then gave
millions of dollars to Donald Trump he
doesn't know that if he knew that you'd
probably be outraged and then look at
what he says about health care they say
I don't like Obamacare why because
you're bombarded into server media
Obamacare is terrible Obama cares
terrible but not only that Obamacare did
have massive failures yeah and it has
real issues and to be fair to him etc
right
and so what system do you like he likes
the one in Canada oh my god that's the
what progressives want right and in fact
that's why I'm Anna care for all polls a
60% or higher because a lot of
Republicans and a ton of independence
also really liked it even the mainstream
presses they're attacking Medicare for
all like The Associated Press that a
terrible job the other day Wall Street
Journal again did it today
etc they they ap had to be grudgingly
say it is incredibly popular with
independence for some reason right yeah
because people want health care it's not
that complicated and and so to close the
loop Trump in the campaign said that he
would give everyone health care and it
would be cheaper now what he what when
when he went to destroy Obamacare he did
not propose an alternative so he would
not have done that he would have done
the exact opposite but this guy I bet
you he genuinely believes that trumps
proposal would have given everyone
health care just like Canada and we
would have given them options but it's
not remotely true also you know when
Emma asked him to be specific in terms
of what Trump did follow through on he
mentioned tax reform which you know
anyone who paid close attention knows
that there really wasn't tax reform
there were tax cuts so Trump promised
that even if he lowers the corporate tax
rate he'd get rid of loopholes so you
know these corporations actually pay
their fair share of taxes because the
effective taxes that corporations were
paying was around 17% because of all
these loopholes well he didn't close
those loopholes you know what he did he
actually limited deductions that people
living in blue states can take advantage
of and people in the middle class can
take advantage of so for instance if
you're living in a state that has state
taxes
you can no longer deduct that from your
taxes so one last thing about that I
mean again it goes to did he really
deliver in the campaign he was smart
well smart or otherwise he he said hey
I'm gonna go after the loophole that
allows the hedge fund and private equity
guys to pay the least amount of taxes
now that's true that is an egregious
thing and I didn't believe him for a
second because I know that he's a
pathological liar and I know that he was
just trying to get votes but it is a
savvy way of trying to get votes so guys
like that probably heard that ago like
oh yeah way to go get the hedge fund
guys did he actually do it of course not
he left it in there
he said he'd negotiate drug prices did
he do that for you of course not
anything that helps the rich and
powerful he lied about and never did but
they never got the memo that's why it's
not like people make the very wrong
assumption often times especially on TV
they think that the average Trump voter
or the average voter a period in the
country knows all the things they know
and they like Trump anyway no they don't
know 80% of that stuff so and and look
and it's a mixed bag it's a mixed bag so
let's show the mixed bag because there
are plenty of people who do know what's
going on but they support him regardless
and so the next video is an example of
that let's take a look Donald Trump
being a businessman has used his
knowledge and gotten rid of the
corruption that's been in Washington for
a long time
he's making smart sound decisions
sometimes maybe not the right wording
but he's trying to run the country like
a business and he's setting us on the
right path to prosperity you don't worry
about the bankruptcies at all in his
past everybody's had problems in the
past and they become rich you got to go
through ups and downs and he's come out
of it every time and he's a proven
winner see but he doesn't know either
right so he leads Trump's running the
country like a businessman no he's not
he's running it like an idiot there's
nothing that he's done that would give
you a sense that he's business savvy he
doesn't know the details of the six
bankruptcies he doesn't know that he
borrowed at a 14 percent interest rate
which no rational businessman would
borrow at he doesn't know that he
bankrupted casinos which is nearly am
possible right he he doesn't know that
his dad actually gave him 200 million
dollars and he bungled his way through
it he doesn't know that he basically did
money laundering for the Russians after
the six bankruptcies to get himself back
up on his feet and so that he thinks but
I don't know he's looks like a
billionaire and everybody tells me he's
a billionaire he's gotta be a smart
businessman it's run in the country well
like a businessman I think that there is
a significant portion of Trump
supporters who will be confronted by the
very facts that you mentioned and they
will make excuses for him that is
exactly what happened when Emma
mentioned the bankruptcy she made
excuses for him well everybody goes
through a tough time when they're trying
to get rid no no they don't not like
it's not common for people to go
bankrupt six times it's just not after
inheriting a ton of money so anyway one
bankruptcy maybe even two is somehow you
recover six the house always wins
unless it's run by Donald Trump he
destroyed one of the most rock-solid
principles there is certainly in the
game casino in gambling world he lost
one it's impossible what he's done he is
a buffoon I mean this guy look you're
right Anna
they make excuse after excuse but if
they knew what we know about his actual
bungling I think that they would be
shocked they would probably think no for
one they wouldn't believe it they don't
know you're lying you're fake news right
that can't be can't be I this guy's
attached to my identity now it can't be
right but if you actually convince them
that that was real I think they would be
dumbstruck they'd be like wow really I
don't know I disagree with you and we'll
keep showing you videos you guys can
decide for yourself let's take a look at
the next one so what attracted you to
Trump in 2016 and has he lived up to
your expectations absolutely if not
above and beyond
I believe specifically policy-wise what
has spoken to you economically I mean I
think he's you know I mean he says what
he says and he gets it done and I
believe it I think it may be he might
get a Nobel Prize for to see he says
what he says he doesn't like classic
politicians he might get a Nobel Prize
that's okay no biggie he doesn't know
there's no bail it's no big deal at all
and and but why why does he say that
because Trump keeps saying it another
Republicans say it so he heard that
Trump already solved North Korea he's
about to get a Nobel Prize because he
already got peace with North Korea well
but that isn't true he got nothing out
of the North Korea negotiations and
North Korea just earlier this week is
building missiles we our intelligence
says they're building missiles that
could and and and am stop their nuclear
program at all but he thinks Trump's
about to get a Nobel Prize okay so
here's my question to you what what are
members of the media is supposed to do
when you're dealing with a group of
people who have this blind trust in a
politician like this is this is the
thing that makes me feel like this job
is is not effective in change and I know
that's being super pessimistic right but
you on one hand you have news outlets
take us out of the equation just any
news outlet that's credible and
legitimate
you can't just state something without
evidence to back it up you know if
you're a true journalist you have the
evidence you have the data you have the
statistics to back it up and so you have
the press making its case just giving
you the information with that data
and then you have Trump who just says
things and then his supporters take it
as base value so if there's all this
blind trust in Trump then what good is
it I mean it is important to do
journalism I'm not trying to minimize
that but in terms of reaching out to
these voters no I totally disagree and
I'll tell you why
oh okay no no Anna Luke but that's why I
get so frustrated with the mainstream
media and why I got so frustrated with
Hillary Clinton the kind of campaign
this year Ann because what what do you
hear non-stop on cable news Trump's a
bad guy Russia he did a bad tweet in and
he attacked people and he shouldn't
attack people
do you hear non-stop about his six
bankruptcies did you hear about all the
details of it during the campaign no no
Hillary Clinton never talked about it
the press never talked about it that's
why I did the loser Donald Sears some
like isn't anybody going to tell people
how incompetent this guy is that he
can't run a business
his life depended on it yeah and they
never told them they never told that
yeah you know what you're right you're
right and and it's not just what
happened leading up to election day it's
what's happening now you're right they
do focus too much on things that don't
really speak to voters so I'll give you
an example of something that I've been
yelling about on on no filter on a
regular basis and no one in the
mainstream press talks about this
everyone pretends like the economy is
great joblessness is down everyone's
working everything's great no it's not
no it's not
look the stock market artificially
inflated yeah there's a low unemployment
rate but wages are super stagnant they
remain stagnant people are drowning in
debt right everyone's talking about the
GDP and how it was 4.1% in the in the
last quarter right in the last quarter
which is great but people took out so
much debt to actually stimulate the
economy and buy products they don't talk
about those things and they don't even
kind of look on almost every one of
those issues so did when they pass a tax
cut did you see all over cable news hey
with this does not include getting rid
of the hedge fund loophole the Trump
talked about non-stop during the
campaign
I've actually you never saw that on
cable news if you saw it they mention
CNN mission at once and then they were
done with it then they were back to the
tweets and then he doesn't like these
kind of people in doesn't like that kind
of people but these folks look so that
to your point earlier point Anna some of
them really really don't know and some
of them do know that he doesn't like XY
and Z and kind of like that about him
yeah and so so you the press and Hillary
during the campaign accidentally
reinforce the things they like about
Trump that he's not a regular politician
he's a regular Schmo in a sense but at
least his intelligence right and and
that he doesn't like the same people
they don't like but they never told you
what a buffoon he is whether and how he
never delivers on his promises see by
the way what is it bankruptcy and it
happens to people I totally get it I'm
not trying to judge right but it is not
delivering on your promise in a sense
and and it should be heartbreaking it
should be something like it like as a
business person or is it regular person
who's really god I wish that hadn't
happened is
Trump goes run go that's a smart
business thing to do that means it's a
smart thing to do to screw over people
who trusted you Yeah right
look there are obviously different types
of bankruptcies and so there are people
you know middle-class Americans
working-class Americans who have done
everything right and then they get sick
yes because our health care system is so
screwed up they go bankrupt they lose
everything that is very different from
someone who was passed on a tremendous
amount of wealth from his father and
then squandered it in in nonsensical
investments and bad deals when you when
your family's devastated by an illness
and you go personally bankrupt all right
that anyone who judges you does not
understand the conditions that Americans
actually live under but if you had two
hundred million dollars given to you by
your daddy and like an idiot you decided
to start three different casinos in the
same city which send bankrupted each one
of them that's a different story
that's a bankruptcy because you were a
terrible terrible business person every
one of them his advisers warned him why
would you start three casinos in the
same city they're gonna cannibalize each
other and you're paying too high an
interest rate and he's like I got it
they'll all say Trump on it so look past
these videos on to your friends your
family people who don't know the reality
so I guess cable news isn't gonna cover
it enough so pass these on to your dad
your mom your uncle whoever you think
needs to hear the reality of what Donald
Trump actually is two easy ways to
follow Young Turks one is hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
