a number of Trump administration
officials did a press briefing today on
the issue of the upcoming midterm
elections and the fact that yes Russians
are still trying to infiltrate and
meddle in our election especially this
upcoming one and it's important that
they address it because there has been
some mixed signals coming from the White
House specifically from Donald Trump
now this press conference seems to
attempt to do some damage control
following Donald Trump's statements that
are highly favorable toward Russia but
nonetheless nonetheless what you're
about to hear from people like Dan
Coates the director of national security
is important and it does show you that
there are at least some administration
officials who are aware of this and are
attempting to do something about it
let's take a look we continue to see a
pervasive messaging messaging campaign
by Russia to try to weaken and divide
the United States
okay so there's Dan Coates again that is
the director of national security
Kirsten Nielsen also was part of this
press briefing and she also addresses a
Russia here let's take a look at what
she has to say free and fair elections
are the cornerstone of our democracy and
it has become clear that they are the
target of our adversaries who seek as
the D&I just said to sow discord and
undermine our way of life so Jake I feel
like this press briefing is a little
surprising it's surprising to me because
it's one of the first times you see a
concerted effort by Trump administration
officials to really address this issue
and show that they're taking it
seriously Trump was not part of this
press briefing he didn't release any
statement in regard to what was said
during the briefing I just feel like
there's this damage control element to
all of this
yes actually I don't find the damage
control weird I find other things that
were said weird in this press conference
it's fairly normal for them to want to
do damage control because they have the
intelligence they know Russia is
actively interfering even Nilsen the
person you just saw who previously had
kind of poo pooed it is now saying yeah
and she had said earlier
just a couple of days ago reversing and
joining dan coates and others go know
it's really important it's serious and
she said the Russians have democracy in
there our democracy in their crosshairs
so now that's a person who was trying to
deny it earlier so apparently they have
seen some intelligence that has spooked
them if you will right and and so I like
we said about free and fair elections I
mean that's by the way wolf pack's
slogan is to restore free and fair
elections the wolf dash pack.com you get
money out of politics and let me just
quick side note there note that you know
there are other people who interfere in
our elections I'm in the camp the
Russians have I mean that can't because
of overwhelming evidence in that regard
but corporations also interfere in our
elections and so do other governments so
we should act out on all that but so the
interesting part here is the way that
they were talking was a little
surprising a coach said that he is quote
not in a position to either understand
or fully or talk about what happened in
Helsinki mmm-hmm so in other words he's
saying I wasn't briefed on what the u.s.
president and the leader of Russia
talked about for two hours behind closed
doors even though he is the Director of
National Intelligence he sits on top of
the entire intelligence community and
the president won't tell him what he
told the Russian president for all that
time that is very strange I know we get
used to things in the Trump
administration that would otherwise be
startling but then he also went on to
say that I think the president has made
it abundantly clear to everybody who has
responsibility in this area that's an
awfully strange way of phrasing it so
why is that strange well couldn't the
president just yeah of course Dan Coates
is in charge and he's my director of
national intelligence or couldn't he
join or you know but for these guys to
come out and say it's okay we're in
charge and we are fighting back against
the Russians and Trump is not here but I
assure you he knows that we're the ones
who are responsible in this area yeah
I'm telling you there's something a
little strange about that so ok so I
want to be clear about what I meant in
my comments so I didn't see this press
briefing as damage control for Trump and
his reputation I saw it as damage
control for administration officials who
might be a little hesitant to speak out
against Trump or might refused to
publicly openly transparently be
transparent and showing that they
disagree with him but I think that they
want to make abundantly clear that they
do see what's happening with Russia and
they are not in agreement with Trump
when he makes it seem as though Vladimir
Putin is not a threat
or that the Russian government is not a
threat and has never tried to meddle in
our elections I see this as them trying
to like message to the American people
no no we see what's happening and we do
take it seriously so it's more damage
control for themselves than try not
normally any normal administration would
actually send these people out to do
damage control for itself because they'd
realize it was such a stupid thing to do
to say that the Russians are right and
we are wrong but of course Trump doesn't
see it that way so that's why this split
is fascinating I want to show you two
more clips here and then I want to come
back to another quote that I found do to
be curious and that's by the FBI
director let's go to the next video here
though as I have said consistently
Russia attempted to interfere with the
last election and continues to engage in
malign influence operations to this day
so that's the FBI director Christopher
Rea explaining they're still doing them
right now in fact let me go to his
curious quote the other one he said
there was he said I can assure the
American people that the men and women
of the FBI starting from the director
all the way on down are going to follow
our oath and do our jobs mm-hmm so now
you might say hey Jake you're overeating
and it's possible right because he's
just saying look the president's
constantly attacking the FBI he non-stop
in fact Sarah Huckabee Sanders whose
awkwardly present attacked FBI herself
just
other day right so it's a the FBI
director protecting the FBI that makes
sense
but the way he phrased it that I can
assure everyone that we're going to
follow our oaths and do our job it could
be that this is just pay we all got
together and decided to do damage
control for our own careers for some
later date when we're out of the Trump
administration that's the way I see it
right and and that is the most likely
thing but for all them to get together
and to say yeah Trump's not here but
we're on it and we do take Russia
seriously and we're gonna follow our
oaths no matter what mmm I don't know I
I grant you that I really could be
reading too much into it
but I did find the wording from a couple
of them to be interesting well
regardless of what their true intentions
are and and if you take what they're
saying at face value meaning you believe
what they're saying it's a good thing
that you have some people in a position
of power who are acknowledging this
issue and attempting to find solutions
for it because look my concern wasn't
you know oh I want to go to war with
Russia or I don't want anything like
that I just want to make sure that we
secure and protect our elections and so
I was concerned that with Trump's very
cozy relationship with Putin nothing was
gonna be done about this very serious
issue so I don't know what these
individuals are going to going to do
specifically to protect you know the
midterm elections from any interference
from Russia or any other country but
knowing that they are aware of this and
are at least acknowledging it and want
to do something about it doesn't put my
mind at ease completely but it gives me
a little bit of comfort I want to show
you the last clip here because it's Dan
Coates I read you the quote but I want
you let's all look at it together to see
how he said it about what he knew and
didn't know about the the president
meeting with Russia with the right I
don't know what happened in that meeting
I think as time goes by and president
has already mentioned some things that
happened in that meeting I think we will
learn more but that is the president's
prerogative
so that was earlier of course and and
and he continued along the same veins
today but as you look at that how could
the Director of National Intelligence
not know what happened in the meeting at
all now look one possible theory is yes
you know the president's incompetent and
just doesn't do anything he's supposed
to do as president including sharing
intelligence about meeting with the
Russian leader for a long long time with
his own director shouldn't you at least
be brief and go here's what he said and
what can we get you know figure out from
what Putin said do it and and make sure
that we understand their motivations and
actions etc so that we can act and react
towards this country whether you
consider an adversary or not I mean
you'd want to huddle with your Director
of National Intelligence almost
immediately thereafter right not was not
with Trump and so one possibility is
he's just a buffoon right the other
possibility is he didn't want to tell
this Director of National Intelligence
what he talked about he went out of his
way to ensure that that conversation was
as private as possible there was only
one other person in the room and that
was the interpreter the translator and
that's it so Trump didn't want to have a
conversation about whatever it was that
he discussed with Putin look in any
other circumstance then someone might be
able to say okay yeah Trump's a buffoon
or the president is a buffoon and but
you can't buy that in the context of
this whole Russia debacle with Trump
yeah and last thing is look we wanted to
show you that a clip from earlier when
coach talked about that because you
would think all right look
that was a little closer to Helsinki
when he said that and you saw it on CNN
there right even then it's egregious and
unbelievable and then he said it in
public that the Trump wouldn't tell him
what was in the meeting so that's
amazing but since then Trump has had
plenty of time to call him in and go hey
hey hey coach what are you talking about
here's what happened in the meeting stop
saying that stuff in public that looks
bad that looks weird right
so that's why I'm emphasizing that today
he's
said quote I'm not in a position to
either fully understand fully or talk
about what happened in Helsinki it's one
thing to say I can't comment on that I'm
the director hey that's Intel you know
intelligence that I can't talk to you
about it but I'm not in a position to
understand it now there's something
super weird going on and it might be
look at now we're just a speculation but
that they have intelligence about Trump
that is not yet public and so they want
to go and have a press conference and
say we're gonna do our jobs everybody be
cool and right now the president is not
telling us what he did with the Russians
two easy ways for the Young Turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
