during a recent Axios event Ivanka Trump
was asked a question about the media and
what she thinks about it
take a look the number of our talks here
unimpressive do you think the word that
and in the end people sorry I do not
know I don't I mean I I certainly I
certainly have III can share my own
personal perspective I've I've certainly
received my fair share of reporting on
me personally that I know not to be
fully accurate so I've you know had some
I have some sensitivity around why
people have concerns and and gripe
especially when they're sort of feel
targeted but no I do not feel that the
media has the enemy of the people
okay so bless her heart finally seeing
something that isn't exactly what her
dad says and she was supposed to be a
moderating influence and at least on
this she's speaking her mind and being
accurate and I actually don't have any
problem with how she stated it so she
says look they haven't covered me fully
accurately they I don't think that the
press has ever covered anybody fully
accurately that's okay I think that most
of them are trying their best and and
even if they did a cover or a cure at
least you might not like their coverage
and hence say that and it's okay to
think that the press has a certain
perspective or a bias etc but calling
them enemy of the people is dangerous
and authoritarian and unamerican so at
least she doesn't do that so I bless her
heart and now I could see coz that you
almost never hear her actually talk
she's always in the background because
her voice would make you think that she
talks all day she's totally she's losing
her voice but what I just did I just
want to say that no I don't think that
speak up speak up and speak faster oh
that's funny you say so difficult to say
no and there's gonna be a weird but it
reminded me of Obama and yes and the
reason for that is because
thoughtful people pause before speaking
and and so Obama did a lot at Ivanka
does and and that's why it was like
weird to have a Trump speak that isn't a
total idiot so that's what I was gonna
say of course Trump thinks that she's
the smartest person in the family cuz
she actually thinks a chicken chicken
speaks as she speaks in complete
sentences right I mean you've heard Eric
trump you've heard Donald Trump jr.
you've heard Donald Trump senior they're
a mess so when she actually speaks like
an intelligent human being the Trump
family must oh look at fancy-pants there
with correct English two easy ways
follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
