Robert Muller is offering Donald Trump
and his legal team a new proposal in
order to get Trump to agree to an
interview with Muller now Trump has been
urging his team to allow for this
interview he believes that he has the
ability to convince Robert Muller that
this whole investigation is a witch-hunt
now this follows Trump's numerous tweets
essentially tearing down Robert Muller
going after individuals tied to this
investigation now the team robert
Muller's team has offered the white
house a format changes perhaps he's even
willing to limit some of the questions
asked of President Trump or accept some
answers in writing so again
Trump has explicitly and publicly
expressed a desire to be interviewed but
his lawyers have repeatedly objected to
the investigators proposals and just to
remind everyone of what Trump said about
Muller and this investigation just this
week a couple days ago this is a
terrible situation an attorney general
Jeff Sessions should stop this rigged
witch-hunt right now before it continues
to stain our country any further he also
said that Bob Muller is totally
conflicted okay yeah
any student dirty work I mean what a
again we have a madman for a president
okay so I think what Robert mole is
trying to do is just lure him into the
room and and it's possible the
president's lawyers would tackle him if
he try to answer any question that was
outside of what they previously agreed
to talk about but you know Trump he
thinks he's a genius so he might just
start answering them and you also know
Trump although most of the professional
lawyers have already left so he's left
with a bunch of clowns I mean he runs a
three-ring circus so he's gonna bring of
course clowns and elephants kind of
literally with the Republicans to Muller
they're gonna be outmatched and so
Muller is thinking just anything please
please come here come this way come this
way just a little further
sit down let's have a couple of
questions see what happens so many
conceivable the Trump wouldn't
incriminate himself and wouldn't lie he
can't go two sentences without lying so
you just got to get him in the room
my read of this is a little different
and of course this is based on my
perception of the story and I could be
wrong but hear me out
I think what's happening is a Trump
doesn't really want to be questioned by
Bob Muller but perception is everything
and so saying I really want to answer
his questions I think I should answer
his questions but my legal team my
lawyers won't let me do it I have
nothing to be afraid of I have nothing
to hide
but my lawyers won't let me do it right
yeah so Anna that it's a great
hypothesis but you're me I'm afraid
you're making the same mistake everyone
else's that empty guessing she has a
strategy when he doesn't he never has a
strategy you're assuming that he thinks
two steps ahead or once that bad never
he never thinks one step back I agree
with you on that however I think some of
the people surrounding him even though
they're some of the most deplorable
people on the planet I think some of
them do think of strategy no no of
course yeah no no his lawyers every
lawyer that's been there is like no way
no way we're gonna let Trump testify why
cuz they know Trump they deal with Trump
all the time and they know that he's a
pathological liar he would immediately
perjure himself the minute he walked in
the door it doesn't matter what you ask
him if you tell ask him hey is the sky
blue you big it's green it's a strong
green a big green he can't help himself
so no they tackle him before they let
him into that room I'm gonna talk about
the Lord even Rudi is like no - I mean
like we could we could but we're not
going to we're not it's a perjury trap
no but I think I think the strategy was
cooked up by his team that's what I'm
trying to say no I hear you no okay so
and I'll tell you why this of course
we're just guessing here but number one
he doesn't listen to anybody he wouldn't
listen to his team okay
and number two he in his incredibly
stupid mind actually believes he's
really really smart and so he thinks
I'll just go in there and I'm like a
smart person that's one of my two great
traits including being mentally stable
and so I will go and talk to Robert
Muller and I'll out with him he I
guarantee you he thinks he's smarter
than Robert Muller and that he could
just talk mother out of it like you
every rational person goes even the mad
guys like don't don't do that don't do
that you know no that's not gonna work
out right okay but Trump in his head
thinks I got him ladies and gentlemen I
got him so that's why his lawyers are
constant like I mean he could he could
just hold him get the other arm no no no
you can't have him go in the room but
but he could kind of yeah look Trump is
a wild card so it's I'm uncertain about
the future I don't know whether or not
he's actually gonna go through with it
and you're right in that once he has an
idea in his head and he thinks that he's
gonna succeed in executing that idea
he's not gonna listen to his legal team
and he's gonna go ahead and do what he
wants to do with that said though you
are right in that Muller seems to be
willing to do anything just to get Trump
in the room to give you an example
according to the Washington Post Muller
has proposed that he might not even ask
any questions about actions Trump has
taken as president including his private
discussions with Comey so I mean if you
take that off the table then yeah I mean
it definitely opens up more of a
possibility for Trump to be willing to
talk to him but anyway look the degree
to which Bob Muller and his team are
smarter than Donald Trump is
immeasurable scientists if they spent
their whole lives could not measure it
the Muller team would come in with
carefully crafted questions based on the
information they already have to try to
figure in to try to get Trump to answer
things that are essential ended and they
know my guess is that they know he did
it and they have a whole bunch of
evidence so the question is any question
they would ask him he would immediately
give a damning answer - they wouldn't
even have to ask him questions guns
blazing right like well why so you
somebody should have fired you mister
that's obstruction of justice
okay and my name's not Donald Trump it's
just John Miller okay perjury keep on
going right yeah so I mean I look I hope
to god that he does not listen to his
attorneys and I agree with the TV pundit
that once said like no that would be its
criminal negligence on the part of an
attorney to let Donald Trump testify
under these circumstances like anyone
who knows Donald Trump knows he will
immediately lie
and get himself in much bigger trouble
so in fact you see I think it's grounds
for disbarment okay but I hope I hope
that Trump does hey look and if Trump's
watching okay if somehow this is
replayed on Fox News okay now Donald are
you smarter than mother or aren't you
only one way to find out two easy ways
to follow Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
