you're about to watch what we call an
extended clip or The Young Turks and the
realities is somewhere in the middle
it's a little longer than our YouTube
clips but it's actually shorter than the
whole two-hour show which you can get if
you're a member you can get an ad-free
and make sure you catch every news story
we do that day you're gonna love it as a
full show
that's a TYT Network comm /join show
Jake you Granicus Perry and are you
ready I'm so ready okay you ready Rob
you tell me you're the one presenting
all the stories okay so first of all we
have amazing stories that the TYT has
come up with em of England is when to go
cover Trump rally wait till you see what
the Trump supporters think god I love
that we have those guys out there thank
you every time you guys that made that
happen
we've got a TYT investigative story on
ben shapiro and his funding ROMs
okay that's coming up later in the
program so you're not gonna want to want
to miss any part of that
and then amazing stories today all
across every part of today's amazing
Trump implicates himself and basically
commits a crime within a tweet
congratulations to him we'll get to that
pretty soon and then queuing on has has
been outed so this in same conspiracy
theory actually is a group of conspiracy
theories the right way has become so
unhinged that they're making me look up
whether Tom Hanks is Jewish right
because they have a series of
anti-semitic conspiracy theories they
have all sorts of conspiracy right and
then one thing no I know and then they
also attack Steven Spielberg and Tom
Hanks says well we'll get to it later in
the program I don't want to repeat it
too often because it's totally wrong and
not true and unbelievably defamatory etc
so I was like wait he's Tom Hanks Jewish
schedule II he was Jewish now these guys
gonna make me look it up anyway turns
out if you're curious
his parents were Catholic and Mormon and
he largely grew up
Jellico fascinating I didn't know that
so anyway so all that stuff's a little
bit later in the program oh by the way
another story about us we're in the news
a lot I know the Daily Caller The Daily
Caller has just made up a story about us
totally not true reporters but like I
kind of wish it were I know they report
it as something terrible but in reality
it's not terrible at all and we kind of
wish it was happening but I don't know
all right yeah but but Washington drives
me crazy because people from this
website Daily Caller which is Prince
ball stuff all the time as a matter of
course they get promoted in the
mainstream media all the time I remember
like once there was a reporter who was
on a listserv of protective progressives
and I think he was I don't even think he
was a progressive and they're like is it
okay that he works for The Washington
Post
oh my god one reporter has been found to
be maybe potentially progressive
meanwhile they're like Daily Caller you
make up stuff all the time
let's think you're insane right-wing
reporters and make them CNN reporters no
issue at all okay anyway so lots of
stories for you guys as well as you can
tell but I also want to say I know
ghetto Lester's but another exciting
announcement we have just launched
launched dyd Android app
this is actually exciting sometimes you
you mentioned exciting news and I'm not
excited by particularly but this is an
example of something that does excite me
fake news I love the TYT app okay it's
fantastic I use it too there are two
things I listen to okay
thing number one is old school we all
know that yeah favorite show on the
network I think it's better than my show
no filter yeah oh my god that's strong
words but no filter is really great too
damage report man ja man rolla's been
having these incredible interviews my
personal favorite he interviewed a CIA
former CIA operative and she breaks down
the use of honey pots oh so interesting
I love that Lindsay Moran it's a great
great any of you David Cay Johnston was
on there talking about Trump's scandals
and how they're worse than than you
thought so all that is on the app we
already had the iOS app we now have the
Android app you guys asked for it and
obviously we're being responsive to you
guys so you can get it at TYT comm slash
app or you can just go to the app stores
and obviously type in TYT or TYT plus
and or and all of our content is on
there you're gonna love it
and then we hope of course that you join
our network the home of progressives
where you have Nina Turner and Turay and
john and anna and old school old schools
for members and if you haven't seen it
yet i almost every single person that
listens to it says they love it tonight
we've got one with Ben mankiewicz and
Michael sure you're gonna love that one
too so t y-t-dot-com slash join to join
The Young Turks Network and one last one
on Friday's show Alexandria crosshair
Cortese joins us in the power panel okay
she's gonna be one of the hosts and then
in the second an hour James Thompson
another Justice Democrat running in
Kansas he's gonna join us in the second
hour of the power panel by the way on
Monday night after this show on The
Young Turks TYT DICOM slash live always
when we're live okay we're gonna have
the great majority of the Justice
Democrats that are up for elections on
Tuesday night they're all gonna come on
The Young Turks and so you're gonna get
to see them all in one place because on
Tuesday night we have
massive election night coverage so you
know every night Young Turks is 6 to 8
p.m. Eastern on election nights always
come here
primaries general elections etc and in
this case you've got Missouri and Kansas
and Michigan these are and the state of
Washington these are massive primaries
with guys like Brent welder and James
Thompson and Abdul Sayid and these
amazing progressives and I and the list
goes on see all of them on Monday night
and then on Tuesday night we get to find
out if they win or lose oh man it is
high drama and it's not just drama it's
real it's important these are the guys
that can create a super strong
progressive caucus within the Congress
and make a giant difference or they
might lose so that's the reality of it
and we find out Tuesday night so get
involved in every way that you can okay
you ready yes now let's do it all right
Donald Trump is aggressively going after
his own Attorney General again because
of the fact that he not only recused
himself from this whole Russia
investigation but he seems to be
frustrated that Jeff Sessions hasn't
gone out of his way to end the
investigation overall so he lashed out
on Twitter again and here's what Trump
had to say this is a terrible situation
for you and Attorney General Jeff
Sessions should stop this rigged
witch-hunt right now before it continues
to stain our country any further
Bob Muller is totally conflicted and his
seventeen and Cree Democrats that are
doing his dirty work are a disgrace to
USA so that happened now let's just note
for the record that that's illegal so
it's not an exaggeration it's not
hyperbole obstruction of justice is when
a person tries to block an investigation
of themselves so there's several
different ways that you block you can do
witness tampering you could try to bribe
the judge the prosecutor says that are
insert an illegal influence on anyone
involved in the trial and so here is
Donald Trump telling the top law
enforcement official limit
the Attorney General and Anna Lee GLE
investigation of me and just ended and
so now his lawyers have unbelievably
weak defenses of that gang well he said
he should end it
he didn't say he must right oh my god so
one of the reasons why a lot of his
lawyers have kind of walked away from
him
essentially is because he is difficult
to lawyer for yes he's a difficult
person to defend because he goes on
these unhinged Twitter rants that tend
to he self incriminates and so what ends
up happening now with the lawyers who
have either stuck by his side or
Giuliani who is one of his newer lawyers
they try to do these defenses but he's
indefensible so I'll give you examples
Jay Sekulow seculow was asked about this
and he's like the president has issued
no order or direction to the Department
of Justice on this right so to give you
a further or further examples of how
they're trying to defend this tweet Rudy
Giuliani said he carefully used the word
should should could be interpreted as
you should do that I'm your boss and I
told you you should do that now two
things about those two defenses bicycle'
Owen and Juliana that are important
first of all they're obviously worried
that he just admitted obstruction of
justice otherwise they wouldn't say well
I mean he didn't technically order it
yet if he didn't know anything I they'd
be like oh yeah he ordered flowers or so
what right
instead he ordered obstruction of
justice which is clearly a crime so
they're saying well technically he
didn't order it
technically which by the ways now get
lisa part two it's not true
courts have interpreted Donald Trump's
tweets as having the force of law not as
in a law that was passed through a
legislation I went through Congress and
got etc but they're saying that his
directives in exercising his powers in
the executive branch do have force of
law that has been decided in other cases
now when they actually go to convict
Donald Trump on these charges because I
mean I don't know I mean are we gonna
let the president break the law right in
front of
our eyes I don't know it's a good
question is that is the president
supposed to be above the law in this
country no if you try to fire the
prosecutor prosecutor you on any crime
first of all that would be hilarious
second of all yes they would bring you
up on obstruction of justice charges so
why do you not get to do but he gets to
do it that makes no sense he doesn't
that's why these guys are like well
technically he didn't and then looking
Giuliani's words that's he said he
should do that
well that's order if your boss says you
should do this that's an order it's not
a it's not optional well you should can
I say you could duties and you should do
it right I mean just put it in the
context of any other person who is in a
position of power saying to someone
who's in a lower level that they should
do something so Jane calls me into his
office and we're about to cover a story
and he says you should look into this
that's that's interpreted as an order
right or hey Anna you should do the
first hour today
that's not like hey and then goes home
and doesn't do the first hour anyway
it's crazy so by the way the weak
defenses continue and another great
example of that is Sarah Huckabee
Sanders she was asked about this during
a press briefing let's take a look Rudy
Giuliani issued a statement saying he
doesn't think this morning's tweet is
obstruction because the president said
sessions
the molar problem what I want to do is
is Rudy Guiliani the one giving the
president legal advice on his tweets and
does that statement reflect the opinion
of the president's legal team look the
president is not obstructing he's
fighting back the president is stating
his opinion he's stating it clearly once
again as I said earlier the president is
stating his opinion it's not an order
but he's been I think crystal clear
about how he feels about this
investigation from the beginning
I think clarified this about 10 times
now it's the president's opinion I don't
have anything further she's I gotta give
her credit she's pretty good at what she
does I mean she's a terrible person but
with that said I mean well how do you
defend the indefensible and that's why
she's pretty good at it cuz she just
stonewalls yeah she's like oh it's just
his opinion the president ordered a
military strike on Syria but it was like
his opinion he said you should do a
military strike and well wait if the
Defense Department doesn't do it when
there be consequences exactly of course
they would so and you have to take this
tweet into you know the whole context of
how Trump has handled this investigation
and what he has reportedly done behind
the scenes to urge sessions to behave in
a certain way to do certain things that
Trump wants him to do in response to
this investigation so according to the
hill multiple media reports have said
Trump privately pressured sessions
several times to reverse his decision to
recuse himself let's stop for a second
just to remind everyone who's watching
the reason why Jeff Sessions recused
himself is because he had contact with
the Russians in 2016 and so the right
thing to do Jeff Sessions to his credit
did the right thing yeah I mean whose
discredit part of the reason he did it
was cuz not only did he have contacts
with the Russians which he shouldn't
have had during the campaign but he lied
about it in his confirmation hearings
right so it was a panic move like well I
that's another crime and you're supposed
to be the Attorney General the top law
enforcement official and
the thing that they impeach Bill Clinton
over so it's like okay look I'm out I'm
out I'm gonna recuse myself from this
then rod Rose assign his deputy attorney
general eventually later puts robert
muller as a special counsel and that's
what's driving Trump crazy it's like
look I told you on national television
that I fired James Comey because of the
Russian investigation which he did
another reason why his professional
lawyers have already left the building
they I mean it's a case of a lifetime
and they're like no thanks not
interested guys a lunatic and clearly
guilty I'm out so he's only left with
fellow lunatics like Rudy Giuliani so I
want to read you the second part of that
graphic from the hill because it's an
important component to all of this now
Trump keeps incriminating himself over
and over again in social media so the
question is does Robert Muller the
special counsel use that as evidence in
the case is he investigating it well it
turns out yes those comments plus his
tweets attacking sessions and James
Comey are under investigation as Muller
looks into whether Trump has obstructed
justice he cannot help himself for all
of the support he gets from his base
these individuals who think he's a smart
guy do you genuinely think he's a smart
guy if he continuously tweets and and
makes it evident that he is trying to
obstruct justice well they never see it
so I want to actually address a couple
of things there that are really really
important so I've randomly read a story
about brainwashing today actually one of
you guys sent it to me on Twitter and
one of the things that you do when
you're brainwashing people because I'm
wondering what the hell is going on with
this Trump cult I mean no matter what
happens they think no I he's gay he's
totally innocent and he's incredibly
smart
what tagging and he never lies what are
you seeing the same things we were
saying and answer is no in in one of
these you do in brainwashing apparently
is you isolate people but that is what
is it happening in essence in our media
his followers are isolated on Fox News
where all they see is glowing reports
about what a wonderful leader he is
they're isolated by the way social media
works so you get like-minded information
from like-minded people right and in
their world
Donald Trump has never told a lie that
you think they're gonna see this
tweet and they're gonna see it as
obstruction of justice they're literally
never even going to see that they're
gonna see it as Donald Trump had an
opinion and he was fighting back and
he's courageous and he's the only ones
strong enough to fight back against the
hoax and the 17 angry Democrats they
never saw that those guys are not
actually Democrats the Trump made that
up
get in fact every person on that team
that we know their political affiliation
is a Republican there are people we
don't know their political affiliation
did Trump just pick it out of whole
cloth but they were Democrats yes he
made it up entirely but his supporters
never saw that now look this is really
really important because there the
fixation in Washington DC both in the
media and in the government is neutral I
got to be neutral to all sides do not be
neutral to reality and the facts because
it will have devastating consequences if
in order to appease Trump supporters
robert muller or any other professional
prosecutor i don't want him to be biased
either way i don't want to be biased
against trump i don't want to make up
some that would be crazy and that would
also be a violation of the rule of law
and our democracy in our former
government but if if you have evidence
against them I'm what I'm worried about
is well I mean to the Trump supporters
say that they're gonna call us names and
they say he's wonderful and he didn't
lie and he and they're they're really
upset because this to them it looks like
just fighting back and not absurd - no
you must enforce the law who cares what
the lunatics think and even if you think
they're not lunatics so what the
Republicans and Democrats who cares what
they think the only thing that matters
is the law yeah look I I get what you're
saying but unfortunately when there is
good reporting and lately you know since
Trump's been elected there has been
great reporting I feel like the New York
Times Washington Post they got their act
together because they realized oh wow
there have been big mistakes made and
it's time to actually stop playing this
neutral game but Trump has been so
successful in delusion amaizing
legitimate press that it doesn't matter
how much evidence there is in the
reporting it doesn't matter how
here at the reporting is they have now
been conditioned to just reject outright
reject that information as fake news no
I've seen it on my social media accounts
I you know I quote an article maybe I
think it was the hill the other day and
they're like oh the hell that explains
it no I disregard anything written in
the hell oh my god the shell is not
he'll if anything it has definitely an
establishment bias and probably a slight
conservative bias yeah but but it's but
I wouldn't disregard what's in the hill
I'd read it and on maybe a couple my own
mind and they're not lying you could say
hey like be they've got a certain
perspective and it's important to know
that perspective but they people at the
hill or CNN or New York Times aren't
getting together in a room what shall we
make up today Andy right that's what's
happening because they've lost their
minds and we're having a debate with
people who belong in an insane asylum so
last thing
look the panic of Trump is evident oh
the walls are closing in I mean and the
closer they get to him and he knows
Michael Cohen knows all of it
Manafort knows some of it and he's under
trial right now the trial began
yesterday Cohen knows almost all of it
and Cohen looks like he wants to you
know obviously cooperate with the
prosecutors he's hired a Clinton friend
as a lawyer and a four people have
turned on him already I mean we went and
interviewed Trump supporters at the last
rally they think that there's been no
charges they're like 20 months and
there's been no charges there's been 32
charges okay it's but in their world
they never saw it they never saw they
think he's clean as a whistle but the
reality is Trump knows Trump knows they
got him so the closer they get the more
he's like no hoax which on fire on fire
him because he knows he did it
he's like you're not getting it Jeff
Sessions you think it's terrible if you
unruhe cues yourself or you think it's
terrible if we fire Muller
but what Trump knows that they don't
know is the only thing worse is if they
actually do their jobs and reveal what
they know about Donald Trump that to him
is the worst case scenario so he's
willing to fire whoever he needs
a fire and take whatever heat he needs
to take to make sure you do not find out
the truth
yeah he's definitely not cool as a
cucumber as my dad would say so there's
that he would also look at that tweet
your dad would he go what's the hell
what's the hell 100 all right so there's
a different part of this story it's
related and I really wanted to get into
it before we go to break
so Paul Manafort one of trumps campaign
advisers is now on trial in fact his
first day of trial began yesterday and
we have some details about what's going
on I wanted to share with all of you so
Paul Manafort appeared in court where he
faces 18 charges of bank and tax fraud
including allegations that he laundered
thirty million dollars made from Lauda
lobbying for pro-russia political
parties in Ukraine several years ago if
convicted Manafort could face up to life
in prison so I want to be clear about
something
first off he's facing two separate
trials and I'll get to the second trial
in just a second but when it comes to
this particular trial
there is really no discussion about
Trump this is about Manafort
and his illegal activity alleged illegal
activity with Ukraine so the former
Trump aid also awaits this separate
charge or charges in Washington DC
involving money-laundering and failing
to register as a foreign agent so he was
essentially doing work on behalf of Ryu
crane pro-russian forces within Ukraine
and while he was doing that he was
earning a ton of money and part of the
problem was not only that he failed to
register as a foreign agent he would try
to hide that money from the IRS so he
wouldn't pay taxes on it then afterwards
when he no longer had a job with you
know these Ukrainian politicians at that
time the Ukrainian leader what he did
was essentially lie to us banks in order
to secure loans and so that's a big
problem as well look they got a man so I
saw the defense that that they put on it
because they already did the opening
statements moving really fast
trial and and their top defenses were
two things one was my longtime business
associated Rick Gates he's the guy who
has already given evidence to the
prosecutors has pled guilty and is
working with the prosecutors he's like
it was him poor little me I had no idea
that Rick Cates was getting me tens of
millions of dollars come on okay he was
spending $15,000 on ostrich jackets okay
so he knew he knew that there where the
money was how the money was coming in
and by the way Rick gates the defense
keeps referring to him as you know the
business partner but remember Rick Gates
worked under manna for like manna Ford
is the head honcho here so to blame this
on Rick Gates is hilarious yes so it's
not credible and I actually love that
the prosecutors keep talking about the
ostrich jacket the judge is a reagan
appointee and he told them stop talking
about how he spent the money it's not
relevant I actually think it is relevant
I think it's great that they're telling
a jury because what did you do break all
those laws for for a goddamn ostrich
jacket are you kidding me $15,000 for a
jacket made out of an ostrich I didn't
even know that existed we talked about
it on the postgame yesterday if you're a
member you can get all the post-games
TYT dot-com slice join to become a
member get all of our content but that
that goes to show you how ridiculous the
defense case is the second part of it
their defenses oh I just lip my mind and
I didn't report it to the IRS right what
how much is the number that slipped his
mind
30 million dollars who in their right
mind sitting on that jury is gonna go
all right I mean I said 30 but I meant
60 I just forgot about the other 30
million dollars no that's not a credible
case at all he's in a world of trouble
yeah yeah and he collected more than 60
million dollars between 2010 and 2014
while essentially working as a foreign
agent by the way Trump is also very well
aware of what's going on with Manta for
it's part of the reason why he's lashing
out on Twitter he's very
about his own you know investigation and
so he addressed it during a Twitter rant
recently and he said the following Paul
Manafort worked for Ronald Reagan Bob
Dole and many other highly prominent and
respected political leaders he worked
for me for a very short time why didn't
government tell me that he was under
investigation
these old charges have nothing to do
with collusion a hoax okay so look he
just needs to like just stop tweeting
it's a really bad idea because as I
mentioned this particular you know trial
has nothing to do with Russia or
collusion but Trump can't help himself
and he keeps incriminating himself and
so he is needlessly injecting himself
into this trial and basically letting
everyone know I'm really worried because
I'm guilty and I have ties to this man
and so like why didn't I know why didn't
anyone tell me that he's being invested
come on okay just two funny things about
that I always knew this was Bob Dole's
fault but what but as usual a childish
move was it me it was Bob Dole it was
Ronald Reagan it's just a ghost of
Ronald Reagan that did this it wasn't me
it wasn't me at all right okay I get it
dude secondly to Anna's point this trial
is about the lobbying and the tax
evasion and and the fraud that that man
afforded regarding the pro-russian
Ukrainian president it actually does not
have to do with the Trump campaign and
we're being honest with you guys about
that and we've said that from day one
because you don't like because it's true
now the only way that it relates to
Donald Trump is if at some point man
afford thinks my goose is cooked I'm
done yes he might then cooperate with
prosecutors and give them other evidence
about Donald Trump but right now that
has not happened so this case actually
is to be fair to Donald Trump about
things that happen before man afford
ever join Trump's campaign but for Trump
to go around pretending that he barely
knew mana for mana fort was his campaign
manager he was the head of his campaign
it's a preposterous thing to say Oh Mike
the head of my campaign oh I barely knew
him
he knew Bob Dole better see that makes
me think
well maybe mana Ford does have something
on you and that's why you're in a panic
over this otherwise why would you even
care exactly yeah so he's you know
worried about a potential plea deal he's
worried about mana fort handing over
some incriminating evidence against
trump but for the purposes of this trial
this is not about Trump this is not
about Russian collusion this is all
about what mana Ford did and the
mounting evidence regarding his foreign
agent activity makes things look really
bad for him and he clearly worked for
the Ukrainian government at a time when
they were again on the pro-russian side
not not the current Ukrainian government
and he did not register as a foreign
agent so he's gonna be in a world of
trouble about that as well later right
so and that I think this is a absolutely
clear-cut case and and maybe what and if
you had told me prosecutors tell me hey
man afford did collude with the
pro-russian guys but but he but not in
the case of Donald Trump I believe that
that's a perfectly plausible thing to do
but the Trump's reaction does make me
think well if you were gonna collude
with the Russians man afford already has
deep ties to them and why is Trump
panicked maybe that's why he's panic cuz
it was enough there they didn't pick
Manta Ford out of the thin air right he
trump could have picked anyone out of
330 million people in the country he
wound up picking the guy who was a
foreign agent for Russian pro-russian
forces and by the way it really might be
a coincidence but it appears from
Trump's reaction that perhaps it's not a
coincidence exactly all right we got to
take a quick break when we come back my
favorite part of the show today
Emma biglan goes to a rally where Trump
speaks talks to Trump supporters and you
do not want to miss it
all right back on Eric Turks Genk and
Anna with you guys so Chris red 14
racing on YouTube super chat glad you
finally got the app I tweeted to chanc
about it last week or the week before
regarding it well a lot of you guys look
to be honest I'd love to say that we
were super responsible to you guys and
we were of course and it wasn't until
you guys really put our feet to the fire
that we did something about okay but
that does happen from time to time but
in this case of course we're gonna do an
Android app all right we just didn't
want to hold the iOS app when it was
ready that's that's why all right
blue writes it on YouTube super chat and
hence gave money and thank you for that
donating this in the name of Tom a
conservative who hates TYT he's gonna
love this I love it I hope that becomes
a trend and art the BART steel already
awesome as a name a great name yes says
I love The Young Turks I started
watching about three years ago and it
changed my life
Wow thank you I even changed my degree
to political science after jank awoke my
inner progressive LOL wow thank you
super super appreciate it
i'll just give you two more there's too
many i love you guys thank you for doing
all this clay PF says don't bother
trying to reach a trump supporter with
factual information they think they know
better ignorant is too arrogance as
anger as to fear it's a defense
mechanism to protect a frightened
fear-driven mind that was yoda esque yes
okay it's great point thank you and
finally kimberly Horowitz says TYT keeps
me grounded in a mad mad world thanks
for all you do yes yay for the Android
app roll out PPS could you please give
me a shout-out for my birthday today get
it girl I'm a I'm a TYT member and
Wolfpack Connecticut volunteer to strong
Kimberly
okay we can't do that every time but I
really appreciate you being a TYT member
TYT comm /join and love that you're
volunteering for a wolf pack wolf dash
pack.com all right what's next Anna
Donald Trump was in Florida in order to
stop for Ron De Santis
that is the gubernatorial candidate who
just recently released an ad talking
about how much he loves Donald Trump and
how he reads books about firing people
to his kids in order to show his support
for Donald Trump kind of incredible but
Donald Trump usually makes these events
about himself and so there were lots of
examples of him talking about the Russia
investigation talking about how the
importance of voter ID laws but in my
opinion the more interesting thing that
comes out of these rallies in these
events is what his supporters have to
say where do they stand on these
political issues now Emma big lend out
to whitey reporter extraordinaire spoke
to a number of these people very bravely
I would argue and we're gonna talk about
a couple different things but for the
purposes of this video let's talk about
the Trump supporters view on the wall
and immigration with that said let's
take a look at the first interview and
get that wall built and if the Democrats
don't like it talk shut down the demo
shut down the government we need the
money to put up that wall we need a wall
as dangerous as out the cross people
died crossing that wall maybe they'll
just stay on their side okay so that
lovely gentlemen is going to reappear a
couple of times and if you think we
didn't notice that ' in the wrong place
you are wrong was awesome
I don't know what I like more his angry
rants is angry shirt and I like it from
a distance okay but Emma is courageous
for walking into that lion's den with
these lunatics okay now but to be fair
that guy's unhinged i'ma talk to a lot
of people and she said the majority of
them were nice to her okay and she
doesn't have a TYT mic flag let's just
be clear about that
here they aware this you know know so
that's a great question and I
talk to Emma this morning and she said
almost all the younger people she asked
the interviews they're like she's they
everybody asked where are you from and
she says TYT no other people like okay
sure great let's do it any of you the
other people are like oh I know - I did
okay hey guys why don't you share your
opinions opinions with us yes they
you've got great ideas right way you
step up to the mic so yes the younger
guys all knew and didn't want to talk to
her but I mean I don't know if Emma's
the Trump was for that's a terrible
thing to say about someone but she all
she's doing is asking Pleasant questions
so that's all she's doing and and you
get all sides of it and and people get
cut got mad about this video guys she
didn't say anything weird I'll say
something in a minute right but you're
getting mad for us putting a mirror to
Trump motors and and by the way not all
of them like I said are like that a lot
of them just think he's doing a great
job because you know I don't know why
but we've got more of this we do so the
next video talks a little bit about
Donald Trump zero-tolerance policies
separating children from their parents
what do some Trump supporters at least
think about that whole situation it's
not like these people are coming over in
an SUV you know with their thing on the
trunk carrying all their belongings we
don't even know if these children belong
to those people honestly and I for me
that would be a big concern releasing
these children to people that you can't
even document but you know that they
belong to them so I don't I don't know
why an SUV with people's stuff you know
tied to the top of that vehicle makes
any difference but you know what what
stood out to me about that interview was
how deep or how deeply that propaganda
has seeped into the Trump voters
consciousness because that was a
propaganda point that was a talking
point that we got from Trump supporters
you know and I'm talking about officials
who said well we you know they're
bringing in these kids but we don't know
if those kids actually belonged to those
adults but yeah the vast majority of
those children did belong to those
parents so I'll tell you we're gonna get
the full video because
later Emma asked a perfectly normal
question of so you think the kids are
decoys she's like yeah they might be
like so look one guy looks crazed the
other one looks like a perfectly normal
lovely American and she thinks that the
kids that came in with their families
might be decoys look I like that you
pointed that out because I think I don't
think that that woman is a bad person I
think that she's been misinformed
I think the propaganda has been
effective and I think she's genuinely
concerned that those kids are either you
know not the children of the people
seeking asylum or decoys like there's so
much garbage out there and it's it's a
mountain every single day because for
what but and and I know because I we
cover the story the the right-wing
conspiracy theories is that Isis is
coming in with fake kids and that's
cuckoo for cocoa puffs ice isn't saying
that the government isn't saying that it
not even the Trump administration is
saying that but right wing blogs say it
and it goes around and around and then a
nice lady thinks oh my god the kids are
decoys yes so by the way so you can
watch this whole video that Emma did and
all the video she does from the rally at
rebel headquarters so we renamed TYT
politics rebel HQ now look you can go on
YouTube and find it you could go on
Facebook and find it but just get our
app and it's right there so all of it is
super easy to watch app either Iowa or
Android and I want you to watch all the
videos because I want to be fair the
Trump people I want you to see all of it
so that you could make up your mind and
part of the reason why Emma went was so
we could find out why did they like them
and remember this isn't in Florida and
I'm so happy that she went to Florida to
speak to them because Florida is one of
the states that actually increased its
support for Donald Trump whereas other
red states that voted from or other
states where he won you know you saw
some wavering among the supporters so
this is great now let's take a look at
another Trump supporter who addresses
claims about the president being racist
plump isn't a racist he's married
immigrants
three of them are immigrants so what
does that tell you is he a racist now
would he let him into their home into
his home yes okay I just so you know
what that tells me just to answer her
question that you don't know that
Eastern Europeans are white or that his
wives have been white I think she knows
I think she's trying to purposely
mislead there so first of all Marla
maples was not an immigrant at two out
of the three work and it's our thesis is
not that he's wholesale against
immigrants for example he really likes
rich immigrants if they're rich Saudi
immigrants great no problem rich Chinese
immigrants no problem right so that's
immigrants he doesn't mind attractive
white female immigrants he has no
problem with it all what we're worried
about is that he he does he's trying to
ban specifically Latinos that are coming
into the country because it is partly
racial and you might say hey it's
because they do he doesn't want them to
eventually be Democratic voters that
doesn't make it much better right I want
to be clear about one other thing
so Trump is in favor of some immigrants
who are considered low-skilled and who
are not white okay because as soon as he
came into office he increased or raised
the cap for low-skilled foreign workers
to come in using h-2b visas to work on
his properties let's just be clear about
that because he loves cheap labor loves
it so those kinds of immigrants he's in
favor of yeah he doesn't want anyone
else to use him but they're all over
mar-a-lago and i don't think there's
anything wrong with that and by the way
a lot of the the immigrants that he
brings in through those visas are from
Haiti and I think I know what he thinks
about Haiti
well he's referred to them as s whole
countries that's right that's right
unless of course is cheap labor for him
but look I don't know to what degree
these people know that and what degree
they don't but that was a hilariously
disingenuous well he likes hot young
white female immigrants okay that's true
all right so something that was
abundantly clear through Emma V Glyn's
reporting
at Donald Trump's rally in Florida was
that a lot of his supporters take him on
his word they do not question what he
has to say
and they just have this loyalty toward
him that seems unbreakable and so I want
to show you a few examples of that again
this is Emma biglan speaking to Trump
supporters at Ronda Santos's rally in
Florida let's take a look at the first
video for his border policy do you think
he's been too tough not tough enough not
tough enough I love what Trump's doing
with our government and I keep darn
liberals crying the blues Trump has an
attitude he speaks mine he says what's
on his mind and we're in his best
interest when he does I wonder what he
means by we I also what he wonder what
he means by that ' yeah I mean look but
no look that guy in in all seriousness
is unfortunately like the prototypical
example of the guy who feels his power
slipping away from him we used to be in
charge now these guys are coming in and
they and now I don't get to have a
privileged position that I used to and
not the thing I was born in privilege he
doesn't look like he was born in
privilege but he was just a little
higher on the rung no but I think look I
I don't even know if that's the issue I
think what the issue is you have an
economic system like people are
frustrated and angry and I get that
right and so you have some people in
America who are frustrated and angry and
they want to get to the root of the
problem they don't just take a
politician's word as the truth you know
they want to know why is the economy so
bad why am i at a disadvantage why is it
that the wealthiest people get these
massive tax cuts and I can't find a
decent well-paying job why can't I make
a living wage so his frustration is is
obvious and I think it's justified but
the thing that sucks is you have bad
actors who take advantage of it and they
exploit it to their own advantage and
that's exactly what Trump did and the
thing is the propagate the pro Trump
propaganda
so effective that that guy still thinks
the real enemy is the Liberals the
others that I saw anyone Islam anyone
other than the people in charge who are
screwing with him and essentially
rigging the system against him which
Muslim took your job which Muslim is
threatening you in the middle of Florida
okay uh so I the right-wing does this
they say okay you know who the real
problem is they do go do one of two
things one is people underneath you oh
my god that guy who just crossed the
border without a dollar in his pocket
he's the all-powerful immigrant that's
taking your jobs and taking everything
you have right which is unbelievably
ridiculous but they believe it and the
second thing they do is who the
conspiracy theories we're gonna talk
about later in the show with the oh the
queue says that it's the Rothschilds and
the Illuminati and and some of that is
the not so subtle reference to Jews
right it's the others it's either the
the guys at the top or the bankers from
the 1700s eight or it's a guy who has no
power at all what does the left say we
we greet you got screwed but we think
it's because of perfectly normal
economic and political force set play
for example when you privatize the
financing of Elections our politicians
serve private interests and it's not
because they're evil it's because that's
who signs their checks so corporations
and billionaires say hey i will donate
millions of dollars to a politician can
you lower my tax cuts and lo and behold
the guy who got all that money and won
because he had all that money lowers
their tax cuts that's a fairly simple
explanation and and we try to break down
what is a health care system etc maybe
it's too smart maybe it's too true
because that guy's well right and it's
easier to animate people with patently
false ridiculous things that rises their
emotions there's a hatred a lot of that
going right so we have more let's take a
look at the next video
Muslims come over to our Islam comes to
our country because they want to take us
over and you want to kill Americans
they're liberals and liberals what
agents don't like America there
in America as far as I can certain they
can all go to heck you know I mean this
is our country I love our country and
for the first time and I don't know how
many decades we have a president that is
in our White House that actually gives a
damn about our country and we should all
be standing for him and backing him up
and giving him 100% of our support by
the way yes we did notice the guy in the
background with the poster no he has
nothing new with us but that's another
brave soul that showed up for that rally
okay and I guess he saw a camera wanted
it back but to be in the background but
it down to this guy's point look you
think liberals hate American no we love
liberty and justice for all we want
America to live up to its ideals we
believe in the rule of law whereas you
turn around and go and FBI
law enforcement now I don't know Trump's
above the law don't apply any of the law
to him
and I go on and on fourth amendment
First Amendment all the things that we
fight for due process treat every
citizen equally those are liberal
positions by the way the founding
fathers were liberals radicals who did a
revolution against the conservative
establishment I know that'll blow your
mind but that's our flag and we don't
hate it in your actions and supporting
that authoritarian leader and and in in
all the different violations of the
Constitution he's done what you don't
realize is that you're actually arguing
against America and you should take that
hat off so I also want to address the
very first part of that video where he
talks about Muslims coming into the
country coming into the United States to
kill Americans so look there was and it
seems as though it's died down quite a
bit luckily a huge issue of Isis
carrying out horrible acts of terrorism
in European countries and that was
genuinely a concern that people in
America had people in these European
countries had and so that's something
that was taken seriously and luckily it
seems as though you know the war on Isis
has been successful and it's ongoing now
put that aside though and talk about
what the United States has done because
what he is alleging that Muslims have
done to Americans is exactly what the US
government has done
in muslim-majority countries all to make
our weapons manufacturers and private
military contractors stupendously
wealthy right and and I'm not talking
about going after Isis fighters I'm
talking about drone strikes that have
taken out entire civilian families at
weddings I'm talking about people
mourning the loss of those family
members and then also being met with
drone strikes those are real things that
have happened abroad right so it's just
it's projection by the right-wing
government that is what we do
it was the majority countries and by the
way Republican presidents have done it
and Democratic presidents have done it
yes we are honest and fair about that
coverage lastly on this look have there
been Muslim attacks inside America
including Florida yes but if you were
really concerned about your safety you'd
be concerned about the great majority of
attacks in America which are by white
right-wing radicals so that's an
absolute fact that is a fact that the
government puts out including yes the
Trump administration the majority of
attacks since 2001 have been by
right-wing terrorists in this country so
but you don't you never hear that
propaganda so he thinks oh my god it's
the Muslims coming even you are far more
likely to be shot by a fellow right
winger and in fact when you just put
aside terrorism and you target but
that's about terrorism what I just told
you buddy if you get past that and you
know about what your chance of actually
getting shot are are you kidding me and
so 9/11 was a disaster an epic failure
not just by the administration but for
this country and we lost nearly 3,000
people every year we lose 30,000 people
to gun violence
30:10 911s every single year but I bet
you that if you ask that guy Oh guns are
awesome what I really have to worry
about is a Muslim I never ever met
alright we have more so let's take a
look it's crazy
he's good with everything else are you
willing to take his word for it whoever
trump says to vote for you vote for I do
anything he says he has everything he
says is true
true yeah so I wanted to clarify
something obviously that video was not
by Emma biglan that was an MSNBC video
but the reason why I wanted to share
that with you is because it gives you
yet another example of this amazing
loyalty that people have for him
regardless of you know how his policies
have negatively impacted them and and
I'll give you an example of a policy you
know these tax cuts just I don't know
maybe she's a multi-millionaire maybe
she's a billionaire I have no idea but
I'm guessing that it's unlikely and if
it is unlikely she did not benefit from
those tax cuts in fact it will hurt her
quite a bit it's going to defund all
sorts of programs that I think people
take for granted and I'm not talking
about welfare programs I'm talking about
all the different things that the
government funds including Social
Security and Medicare which is something
that the GOP is now really aggressively
looking to cut in order to make up for
lost revenue so we turn about this
earlier in the live show and of course
live shows that every day is 6 to 8 p.m.
Eastern tea y-t-dot-com /live to watch
it every day and I looked at a article
that explained brainwashing and so
that's I think what's happened these
folks in a sense on a macro sense so in
one of the things that drives it is
isolation they've been isolated in
social media too only like-minded people
and on Fox News to like-minded hosts and
what they hear all the time is that
Trump is great and everything he's ever
done is a brilliant success they never
hear the down sides not just criticism
but the actual facts hey did you know
the top 1% got $61,000 tax cut every
year they get 61 thousand dollars extra
every year that's what the tax cut was
for by the way share our videos share
them with your family friends anybody
who doesn't normally get that
information you got maybe a dollar 50 in
your check think they get sixty one
thousand dollars every single year
that's and they're the donors of course
the donors got exactly what they wanted
but she believes that Trump is right
about everything the second thing that
that you apparently works in
brainwashing is endless repetition yeah
and that's why Trump like a maniac
constantly repeats things no collusion
no collusion hoax hoax
I'm the best I have the best words I
have the best words I have the best
words I'm like a smart person I'm like a
smart person and then these people come
out and go that he's like a smart person
because they almost literally got
brainwashed into it
so in fact I want to go to the person I
won't go to video 14 here because I mean
if ever there was a good example of that
now we're back to Emma biglan for rebel
headquarters as part of the TYT Network
covering the same rally watch I think
they did that the metaphor and all that
stuff that I think the reason why they
had did that is to keep their jobs
because he would probably got rid of all
of them once everything started going on
he probably just pinned him the vet bi
and all them who would have gotten their
job the FBI and all those agents and
manna for and all those other people
they're trying to pin stuff on Trump
like he's colluding with Russia
nothing's going out Russian we have
intently know that it's already kind of
been proven
what is it 20 months to 24 months what
about the 12 indictments with the
Russians and the meeting with Donald
Trump jr. you don't buy that it's just a
meeting just like me and you sitting
down and having a beer and talk and get
to know each other he doesn't know he
knows so I was a lot of people in this
world he's been around a long time long
time more than all anybody that's in
Congress or anywhere he dealt with the
whole world he deals with everything
he's been doing it for years
probably the smartest man out there
probably probably the smartest man out
there he's dealt with everything and
there's actually been 32 people who have
either been indicted or already pleaded
guilty but he says no 24 months and
nothing happened how about the 32 cases
no nothing happened
how about the four Trump officials
who've already said that they were
guilty no nothing happened okay why
Trump is the greatest how do I know he
told me she's been around a long time
longer than a lot of people in Congress
so he's really smart well I guess by
that standard he can't wait to vote for
Bernie Sanders who's been around longer
okay all right well look we try to find
and deliver to you guys the mind of a
Trump voter that is at least partly the
minds of Trump voters but check out all
of it it's on rebel HQ it's it that's
our channel t YT politics we change the
name to rebel headquarters you could
find it on YouTube Facebook but mainly
on our app it's super easy to find along
with the rest of our shows t y-t-dot-com
slash app to get that to get all the
videos and watch the Trump supporters
for yourself and make up your own mind
on it
and of course you can get all of our
shows if you're a member of the Young
Turks TYT comm slash join to become a
member
great reporting by I'm of England all
right we'll be right back thanks for
listening to this podcast you're only
halfway through so hold hold stay right
here I just want to remind you if you
want to get all five segments of the
Young Turks commercial free these are
just two of them every day we do it so
go to TYT Network comm slash join and
you get the whole five segments two
hours ad free do it now all right two
tweets for you guys Jeremy Koehler says
is he has immigrant wives that new I
have black friends now
good question Jeffrey golden heart says
pretty sure that millionaires and
billionaires don't go to political
rallies they do their rallies behind
closed doors or check books that is
literally true that's exactly what the
Koch brothers do and their getaways look
I just want to be fair and cover all my
bases because who knows she might she
might be wealthy you just trying to be
fair
YouTube super Chad Q music Q says I
always believed that Illuminati was a
very real force although I call it
Congress not very secret they live
broadcast their coven conspiracies right
out in the open it's absolutely true
David Novak says I love T YT and secular
talk but I want Kyle and Chang to
discuss Russian meddling versus Israeli
influencing there's a hole in the
analysis I'm quite curious as to how
they'd butt heads
well David do I have good news for you
we already did that so check out T YT
interviews where you will see an
hour-long conversation that Kyle and I
had
and yes of course I agree with Kyle and
other progressives who say you know
there are other people are influencing
elections of course he's dedicated
pretty much your life to stopping that
from happening yes other countries like
Saudi Arabia and Israel no question
about it Kyle and Jimmy and everybody
else makes great points about that we
all agree not 95% but a hundred percent
with that and also our corporations and
our billionaires and cetera they just
buy all of our politicians
I wish the mainstream media would focus
just as much on that I just I want to
comment on that very quickly because you
know one of the things that stood out to
me the most when I was in school for
political science was the work of
Mearsheimer he had published something
about he had published a book about the
influence of the Israel lobby in the
United States and he was shunned from
America I think he's now living in
Germany but it was interesting because
but you know reading it like there's
just a ton of evidence in it and I don't
know why it's considered taboo to
address that like anything that is like
that close to true and could actually
have an effect is shunned even harder
right so BDS that might actually get
people to divest and from Israel which
would hurt the diffuse power structure
in Israel enough that it could make a
difference so they're like no don't do
that we're gonna fight the hardest
against that we're gonna try to ban
anyone from even talking about it and so
especially when Jewish Americans say
things that are true people get even
more upset whether it's right yeah you
know whether it's the scholars whether
it's Glenn Greenwald or I can give you a
list of dozens hundreds of great
progressive Jews in this country who say
I don't I don't want this to be Israel's
legacy and this isn't right
and we need to have two states etc and
people go oh you're anti-semitic what
that makes no sense at all right you
just you're using that as a cudgel and
it's obvious so anyway so fair point
obviously but I think we could focus on
both yeah totally all right last thing
real quick Ben Peck says I think a lot
of this blind loyalty is why
conservatives have targeted largely
religious
demographic no one was more blind faith
in evangelicals so that cuts both ways
been because I'm apparently obsessed
with this thing that I read this morning
about brainwashing because they said
sometimes people's faith allows them to
not get tricked by the brain washer that
it because they it allows them to say
this I know that this is really now my
okay but but it helps them on the other
hand one of the key drivers as to
whether you will be brainwashed or not
is if you believe in a black and white
world mm-hmm right did you know that we
got to talk more about this in a
postgame COI t.com /join to get it be a
member get the postgame 21 us
servicemembers stayed in North Korea
after the war because they got
brainwashed they wanted to stay yeah
because they got tortured and
brainwashed into thinking that North
Korea was awesome and they stayed and we
never got him back isn't that amazing I
guess said we'll talk more about it in
the post all right what's next all right
during DeSantis is rally for his
gubernatorial bid in Florida Donald
Trump gave a speech and he addressed a
number of different things including
voter ID laws these are laws that
Republicans have been pushing for
aggressively they've managed to pass
these voter ID laws in some states and
the whole point is to disenfranchise
voters that typically don't vote for
them people who are elderly or you know
don't have driver's licenses because
they don't drive people who are students
from out of state they usually tend to
vote for Democrats and are unlikely to
have a state-issued license because
they're from a different state and so
this has been an orchestrated effort to
disenfranchise voters and Trump talked
about the importance of voter ID laws
but gave an example that didn't make
much sense take a look we believe that
only American citizens should vote in
American elections
which is why the time has come for voter
ID like everything else voter ID
you know if you go out and you want to
buy groceries you need a picture on a
card you need ID you go out and you want
to buy anything you need ID and you need
your picture now you don't think you
don't even get asked for your ID if
you're using a credit card these days
like no I almost never very very rarely
but so but I'm amused by this so-called
controversy because this is one of the
issues that brought down George HW Bush
when he was running yes Bill Clinton
because he didn't know how the local the
theory was and I never believed that it
turned out of course as usual I'm not
saying anything I was right anyway but
the Democrats in that case twisted what
he said at a grocery store as him not
understanding how a scanner works and
they were like oh my god and he doesn't
know the price of milk and he's so out
of touch oh the good old days and that
was a scandal okay now this is like
doesn't even rank in his top 1,000
scandal that's such a great point and
you're right look I think more than
anything this shows how out of touch he
is I mean I I don't know if he's ever
purchased groceries for himself I mean
why would he
but I don't really care I mean look I
didn't care when a Republican like
George a so to be fair I was a
Republican back then Oh in George HW
Bush did it but I also didn't care that
FDR was incredibly wealthy he did
amazing things for the American people
it isn't about wealth it is the question
is are you trying to influence politics
and and how are you trying to influence
politics so Trump's out of touch are you
kidding me he's out of touch with
reality let alone grocery stores of
course yeah so I look oh yeah I'm giving
him a complete pass on this the thing I
don't give him a pass on is the actual
substance of what he was saying voter ID
laws aren't meant to discriminate
against voters that they think are more
likely to be democratic for example and
this is a shocking fact but
unfortunately the rest of the media
almost never shares it with you to give
you the proper context twenty five
percent of African Americans in this
country don't have driver's licenses why
well some of them live in
a lot a lot of african-americans live in
big cities where you don't need a
driver's license in New York City you go
but you use public transportation who
would who has enough money to afford a
parking spot in New York right and and
and a lot of folks aren't wealthy enough
to have cars yep and I know for the
Republican voters or some of them
they're like what that doesn't compute
that doesn't make sense I know it's out
of your context I believe it or not
other people live in other contexts okay
right yeah I got a address that as well
like the whole thing about driver's
licenses Millennials got a lot of heat
in the media because a lot of them this
is a couple years ago did not have
driver's licenses they did not get their
driver's permit they don't have vehicles
and the whole idea behind it was oh
they're so lazy they don't even want to
go get their drivers no it's because
they can't afford cars right like the
economic situation has been dire for
Millennials now things have picked up a
little bit right but I love that you
brought that up and by the way there are
still Millennials who are struggling
right because of the economic situation
that they graduated into back in 2008
one other thing I wanted to mention
there is some concern about our
elections you know being compromised
right and that's by Russians who are
attempting to meddle in our elections
and I'm not just talking about the
spread of fake news I'm talking about
their efforts in in hacking into voting
systems across the country and that's
something that people in his
administration have owned up to have
acknowledged Trump is completely
delusional about it or yes has an
interest in denying that it's happening
but if you're really worried about you
know our elections being compromised
that's what you should be concerned
about so that's a great point his writer
of National Intelligence dan coats and
now even the head of his department of
homeland security who was a little
reluctant before Kirsten Nielsen has
come out and said yes the Russians are
actively right now engaging in trying to
affect our elections so if you're
worried about voter fraud the number one
person you should be worried about
according to even Trump's government is
Vladimir Putin not whether
somebody has a driver's license or not
and and by the way the case of actual
voter fraud that that the type they're
talking about is infinitesimally small
less than 1% of 1% meanwhile you've got
a foreign government trying to break
into our voting booth and he's like oh
no no the Russia's strongly denied it
they denied it they strongly denied it
but I'll give one last credit to the
Trump and his people they have fun of
those rallies it's like a wrestling
event for them and they do their and in
that he does the walk around like a
wrestler does like after he makes a
point that he thinks is good oh well you
need it for groceries right and people
like oh yeah for groceries do we need to
preside nothing we named it oh you may
have a grand old time
so one conservative commentator
apparently today said Trump is working
so hard for us at those rallies are you
kidding me having the time of his life
that's the only thing he likes doing as
president it's depressing
ok you know what the next story is about
conspiracy theories and conspiracy
theorists it's all so depressing so I
feel like I need a little bit of no no
no that story's amazing if you guys
haven't heard about queueing on etc or
if you don't know the details we're
gonna break it down for you guys don't
miss it cuz I I didn't know what it was
like no way it gets crazier it can't get
crazier it got way crazier yeah so
that's when we return yeah we're gonna
break it down and then I'm gonna have a
breakdown we'll be right back thanks for
watching what I hope was a lovely
edition of The Young Turks now you know
that that is two of the five segments
that we do because that's free we want
to have you support independent media
and can watch the whole show that we do
every day that's five segments overall
no ads at all that's at TYT Network com
/join come become a member
thanks for watching either way
