we have just launched launched the
Android app sometimes you you mentioned
exciting news that I'm not excited by
particularly but this is an example of
something that does excite me fake news
I love the TYT app okay it's fantastic I
use it too there are two things I listen
to okay
thing number one is old-school we all
know that yeah favorite show on the
network I think it's better than my show
no filter yeah oh my god that's strong
words but no filter is really great too
damage report man ja man rolla's been
having these incredible interviews my
personal favorite he interviewed a CIA
former CIA operative and she breaks down
the use of honey pots oh so interesting
I love that Lindsay Moran it's a great
great any of you David Cay Johnston was
on there talking about Trump's scandals
and how they're worse than than you
thought so all that is on the app we
already had the iOS app we now have the
Android app you guys asked for it and
obviously we're being responsive to you
guys so you can get it at TYT dot-com
slash app or you can just go to the app
stores and obviously type in TYT or TYT
plus and or and all of our content is on
there you're gonna love it and then we
hope of course that you join our network
the homer progressives where you have
Nina Turner and Turay and john and anna
and old school old schools for members
and if you haven't seen it yet i almost
every single person that listens to it
says they love it tonight we've got one
with Ben mankiewicz and Michael sure
you're gonna love that one too
so T y-t-dot-com slash join to join The
Young Turks Network and one last one on
Friday's show Alexandria cross CEO
Cortez joins us in the power panel okay
she's gonna be one of the hosts and then
in the second an hour James Thompson
another Justice Democrat running a
Kansas he's gonna join us in the second
hour of the power panel by the way on
Monday night after this show on The
Young Turks TYT DICOM slash live always
when we're live
okay we're gonna have the great majority
the Justice Democrats that are up for
elections on Tuesday night they're all
gonna come on The Young Turks and so
you're gonna get to see them all in one
place because on Tuesday night we have
massive election night coverage so you
know every night Young Turks is 6 to 8
p.m. Eastern on election nights always
come here
primaries general elections etc and in
this case you've got Missouri and Kansas
and Michigan these are in the state of
Washington these are massive primaries
with guys like Brent welder and James
Thompson and Abdul Sayid and these
amazing progressives and I and the list
goes on see all of them on Monday night
and then on Tuesday night we get to find
out if they win or lose oh man it is
it's high drama and it's not just drama
it's real it's important these are the
guys that can create a super strong
progressive caucus within the Congress
and make a giant difference or they
might lose so that's the reality of it
and we find out Tuesday night so get
involved in every way that you can two
easy ways to follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
