and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more
Donald Trump is aggressively going after
his own Attorney General again because
of the fact that he not only recused
himself from this whole Russia
investigation but he seems to be
frustrated that Jeff Sessions hasn't
gone out of his way to end the
investigation overall so he lashed out
on Twitter again and here's what Trump
had to say this is a terrible situation
for you and Attorney General Jeff
Sessions should stop this rigged
witch-hunt
right now before it continues to stain
our country any further
Bob Muller is totally conflicted and his
17 and Cree Democrats that are doing his
dirty work are a disgrace to USA so that
happened now let's just note for the
record that that's illegal
so it's not an exaggeration it's not
hyperbole obstruction of justice is when
a person tries to block an investigation
of themselves so there's several
different ways that you could block you
could do witness tampering you could try
to bribe the judge the prosecutor says
that are insert an illegal influence on
anyone involved in the trial and so here
is Donald Trump telling the top law
enforcement official in the country the
Attorney General and Anna Lee GLE
investigation of me and just ended and
so now his lawyers have unbelievably
weak defenses of that gang well he said
he should end it he didn't say he must
right oh my god so one of the reasons
why a lot of his lawyers have kind of
walked away from him essentially is
because he is difficult to lawyer for
yes he's a difficult person to defend
because he goes on these unhinged
Twitter rants that tend to heat self
incriminates and so what ends up
happening now with the lawyers who have
either stuck by his side or Giuliani who
is one of his newer lawyers they try to
do these defenses but he's indefensible
so I'll give you examples Jay Sekulow
was asked about this and he's like the
has issued no order or direction to the
Department of Justice on this right so
to give you a further or further
examples of how they're trying to defend
this tweet Rudy Giuliani said he
carefully used the word should-should
could be interpreted as you should do
that I'm your boss and I told you you
should do that now two things about
those two defenses bicyclo and and
juliana that are important first of all
they're obviously worried that he just
admitted obstruction of justice
otherwise they wouldn't say well I mean
he didn't technically order it yet if he
didn't do anything on they'd be like oh
yeah he ordered flowers or so what right
instead he ordered obstruction of
justice which is clearly a crime so
they're saying well I mean technically
he didn't order it
technically which by the ways now get
lisa part two it's not true
courts have interpreted Donald Trump's
tweets as having the force of law not as
in a law that was passed through a
legislation I went through Congress and
got etc but they're saying that his
directives in exercising his powers in
the executive branch do have force of
law that has been decided in other cases
now when they actually go to convict
Donald Trump these charges because I
mean I don't know I mean are we gonna
let the president break the law right in
front of our eyes I don't know it's a
good question is is the president
supposed to be above the law in this
country no if you try to fire the
prosecutor prosecutor you on any crime
first of all that would be hilarious but
second of all yes they would bring you
up on obstruction of justice charges so
why do you not get to do but he gets to
do that makes no sense he doesn't that's
why these guys are like well he
technically he didn't and then look in
Chile anees words that's he said he
should do that
well that's order if your boss says you
should do this that's an order it's not
a it's not optional well you should can
I say you could do it ease and you
should do it right I mean just put it in
the context of any other person who is
in a position of power saying to someone
who's in a lower level that they should
do something so Jane calls me into his
office and we're about to cover a story
and he says you
should look into this that's that's
interpreted as an order right or hey
Anna you should do the first hour today
that's not like hey and then goes home
and doesn't do the first hour anyway
it's crazy so by the way the weak
defenses continue and another great
example of that is Sarah Huckabee
Sanders she was asked about this during
a press briefing let's take a look I
really Giuliani issued a statement
saying he doesn't think this morning's
tweet is obstruction because the
president said sessions should stop the
mower problem is Rudy Giuliani the one
giving the president legal advice on his
tweets and does that statement reflect
the opinion of the president look the
president is not obstructing he's
fighting back the president is stating
his opinion he's stating it clearly once
again as I said earlier the president is
stating his opinion it's not an order
but he's been I think crystal clear
about how he feels about this
investigation from the beginning I'm
just wanting to keep terrifying with
this tweet morning sessions too
he's himself the probe and is it also
his desire for special to be fired I
think I've clarified this about ten
times now it's the president's opinion I
don't have anything further she's I
gotta give her credit she's pretty good
at what she does I mean she's a terrible
person but with that said I mean well
how do you defend the indefensible and
that's why she's pretty good at it cuz
she just stone walls yeah she's like oh
it's just his opinion the president
ordered a military strike on Syria but
it was like his opinion he said you
should do a military strike and well
wait if the Defense Department doesn't
do it when they recon secuence is
exactly of course they would so and you
have to take this tweet into you know
the whole context of how Trump has
handled this investigation and what he
has reportedly done behind the scenes to
urge sessions to behave in a certain way
to do certain things that Trump wants
him to do in response to this
investigation so according to the hill
multiple media reports have said Trump
privately pressured sessions several
times to reverse his decision to recuse
himself let's stop for a second just to
remind everyone who's watching the
reason why Jeff Sessions recused himself
is because he had contact with the
Russians in 2016 and so the right thing
to do Jeff Sessions
to his credit did the right thing yeah I
mean whose discredit part of the reason
he did it was cuz not only did he have
contacts with the Russians which he
shouldn't have had during the campaign
but he lied about it in his confirmation
hearings right so it was a panic move
like well I
that's another crime and you're supposed
to be the Attorney General the top law
enforcement official and that's the
thing that they impeach the Bill Clinton
over so it's like okay look I'm out I'm
out I'm gonna recuse myself from this
then rod Rose assigned his Deputy
Attorney General eventually later puts
robert muller as a special counsel and
that's what's driving trump crazy it's
like look i told you on national
television that I fired James Comey
because of the Russian Air investigation
which he did another reason why his
professional lawyers have already left
the building they I mean it's the case
of a lifetime
and they're like no thanks not
interested guys a lunatic and clearly
guilty I'm out so he's only left with
fellow lunatics
like rudy giuliani so I want to read you
the second part of that graphic from the
hill because it's an important component
to all of this now Trump keeps
incriminating himself over and over
again in social media so the question is
does Robert Muller the special counsel
use that as evidence in the case is he
investigating it well it turns out yes
those comments plus his tweets attacking
sessions and James Comey are under
investigation as Muller looks into
whether Trump has obstructed justice he
cannot help himself for all of the
support he gets from his base these
individuals who think he's a smart guy
do you genuinely think he's a smart guy
if he continuously tweets and and makes
it evident that he is trying to obstruct
justice
well they never see it so I want to
actually address a couple of things
there that are really really important
so I've randomly read a story about
brainwashing today actually one of you
guys sent it to me on Twitter and one of
the things that you do when you're
brainwashing people because I'm
wondering what the hell is going on with
this Trump cult I mean no matter what
happens they think no I he's gay he's
totally innocent and he's incredibly
smart what happened and he never lies
what are you seeing the same things we
were saying and answer is no I mean one
of the things you do in brainwashing
apparently is you isolate people but
that is what is it happening in SS in
our media his followers are isolated on
Fox News where all they see is glowing
reports about what a wonderful leader he
is
they're isolated by the way social media
works so you get like-minded information
from like-minded people right and in
their world
Donald Trump has never told a lie they
you think they're gonna see this tweet
and they're gonna see it as obstruction
of justice they're literally never even
going to see that they're gonna see it
as Donald Trump had an opinion and he
was fighting back and he's courageous
and he's the only one strong enough to
fight back against the hoax and the 17
angry Democrats they never saw that
those guys are not actually Democrats
the Trump made that up get in fact every
person on that team that we know their
political affiliation is a Republican
there are people we don't know their
political affiliation did Trump just
pick it out of whole cloth that they
were Democrats yes he made it up
entirely but his supporters never saw
that now look
is really really important because there
the fixation in Washington DC both in
the media and in the government is
neutral I got to be neutral to all sides
do not be neutral to reality and the
facts because it will have devastating
consequences if in order to appease
Trump's supporters robert muller or any
other professional prosecutor i don't
want him to be biased either way i don't
want to be biased against trump i don't
want to make up some that would be crazy
and that would also be a violation of
the rule of law and our democracy in our
former government but if if you have
evidence against them I'm what I'm
worried about is well I mean so Trump
supporters say that they're gonna call
us names and they say he's wonderful and
he didn't lie and he and they're they're
really upset because this to them it
looks like just fighting back and not of
search - no you must enforce the law who
cares what the lunatics think and even
if you think they're not lunatics so
what the Republicans and Democrats who
cares what they think
the only thing that matters is the law
yeah look I I get what you're saying but
unfortunately when there is good
reporting and lately you know since
Trump's been elected there has been
great reporting I feel like the New York
Times Washington Post they got their act
together because they realized oh wow
there have been big mistakes made and
it's time to actually stop playing this
neutral game but Trump has been so
successful in dealing legitimate press
that it doesn't matter how much evidence
there is in the reporting it doesn't
matter how accurate the reporting is
they have now been conditioned to just
reject outright reject that information
as fake news no I've seen it on my
social media accounts I you know I quote
an article maybe I think it was the hill
the other day and they're like oh the
hell that explains it no I disregard
anything written in the hell oh my god
the hill is not hill if anything it has
definitely an establishment bias and
probably a slight conservative bias but
but it's but I wouldn't dis disregard
what's in the hill I'd read it and I may
make up my own mind and they're not
lying you could say hey
like be they've got a certain
perspective and it's important to know
that perspective but they people at the
hill or CNN or New York Times aren't
getting together in a room what shall we
make up today and they right that's
what's happening because they've lost
their minds and we're having a debate
with people who belong in an insane
asylum so last thing look
the panic of Trump is evident oh the
walls are closing in I mean and the
closer they get to him and he knows
Michael Cohen knows all of it
man affort knows some of it and he's
under trial right now the trial began
yesterday Cohen knows almost all of it
and Cohen looks like he wants to you
know obviously cooperate with the
prosecutors he's hired a Clinton friend
as a lawyer and four people have turned
on him already I mean we went and
interviewed Trump supporters at the last
rally they think that there's been no
charges they're like 20 months and
there's been no charges there's been 32
charges
okay Pitts but - in their world they
never saw it they never saw they think
he's clean as a whistle but the reality
is Trump knows Trump knows they got him
so the closer they get the more he's
like no hoax
we're on fire on fire him because he
knows he did it he's like you're not
getting at Jeff Sessions you think it's
terrible if you unruhe cues yourself or
you think it's terrible if we fire
Muller
but what Trump knows that they don't
know is the only thing worse is if they
actually do their jobs and reveal what
they know about Donald Trump that to him
is the worst case scenario so he's
willing to fire whoever he needs to fire
and take whatever heat he needs to take
to make sure you do not find out the
truth yeah he's definitely not cool as a
cucumber as my dad would say so there's
that it would also look at that tweet
your dad would it go what's the hell -
easy wasteful young turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
