Android users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more
something that was abundantly clear
through Emma viglance reporting at
Donald Trump's rally in Florida was that
a lot of his supporters take him on his
word they do not question what he has to
say
and they just have this loyalty to it
toward him that seems unbreakable and so
I want to show you a few examples of
that again this is Emma big 'land
speaking to Trump supporters at Ronda
Santos's rally in Florida let's take a
look at the first video for his border
policy do you think he's been too tough
not tough enough not tough enough I love
what Trump's doing with our government
and liberals crying he says what's on
his mind and we're in his best interest
when he does I wonder what he means by
we I hope so what I wonder what he means
by that ' yeah I mean look but no look
that guy in in all seriousness is
unfortunately like the prototypical
example of the guy who feels his power
slipping away from him we used to be in
charge now these guys are coming in and
they and now I don't get to have the
privileged position that I used to and
not the fact I was born in privilege he
doesn't know why he was born in
privilege but he was just a little
higher on the rung no but I think look I
I don't even know if that's the issue I
think what the issue is you have an
economic system like people are
frustrated and angry and I get that
right and so you have some people in
America who are frustrated and angry and
they want to get to the root of the
problem they don't just take a
politician's word as the truth you know
they want to know why is the economy so
bad why am I at a disadvantage why is it
that the wealthiest people get these
massive tax cuts and I can't find a
decent well-paying job why can't I make
a living wage so his frustration is is
obvious and I think it's justified but
the thing that saw
is you have bad actors who take
advantage of it and they exploit it to
their own advantage and that's exactly
what Trump did and the thing is the
propagate the pro Trump propaganda is so
effective that that guy still thinks the
real enemy is the Liberals the others
the anyone Islam anyone other than the
people in charge who are screwing with
him and essentially rigging the system
against him which Muslim took your job
which Muslim is threatening you in the
middle of Florida okay uh so I the
right-wing does this they say okay you
know who the real problem is they do go
do one of two things one is people
underneath you oh my god that guy who
just crossed the border without a dollar
in his pocket
he's the all-powerful immigrant that's
taking your jobs and taking everything
you have right which is unbelievably
ridiculous but they believe it and the
second thing they do is the conspiracy
theories we're gonna talk about later in
the show with the oh the queue says that
it's the Rothschilds and the Illuminati
and and some of that is the not so
subtle reference to Jews right it's the
others it's either the the guys at the
top or the bankers from the 1700s eight
or it's the guy who has no power at all
what does the left say we we agree you
got screwed but we think it's because of
perfectly normal economic and political
for set play for example when you
privatize the financing of Elections our
politicians serve private interests and
it's not because they're evil it's
because that's who signs their checks so
corporations and billionaires
say hey i will donate millions of
dollars to a politician can you lower my
tax cuts and lo and behold the guy who
got all that money and won because he
had all that money lowers their tax cuts
that's a fairly simple explanation and
and we try to break down what is a
health care system etc maybe it's too
smart maybe it's too true because that
guy's right and it's easier to animate
people with patently false ridiculous
things that rises their emotions their
fear the hate raffinate ly a lot of that
going on right so we have more let's
take a look at the next video
Muslims come over to our
Islam comes to our country because they
want to take us over any want to kill
Americans
they're liberals and liberals what
idiots don't like America they're
against America as far as I can certain
they can all go to heck you know I mean
this is our country I love our country
and for the first time and I don't know
how many decades we have a president
that is in our white house that actually
gives a damn about our country and we
should all be standing for him and
backing him up and giving him 100
percent of our support by the way yes we
did notice the guy in the background
with the poster no he has nothing to do
with us but that's another brave soul
that showed up at that rally okay and I
guess he saw a camera wanted it back but
to be in the background but it down to
this guy's point look you think liberals
hate American no we love liberty and
justice for all we want America to live
up to its ideas we believe in the rule
of law whereas you turn around and go
an FBI law enforcement now I don't know
Trump's above the law don't apply any of
the law to him and I go on and on fourth
amendment First Amendment all the things
that we fight for due process treat
every citizen equally those are liberal
positions by the way the founding
fathers were liberals radicals who did a
revolution against the conservative
establishment I know that'll blow your
mind but that's our flag and we don't
hate it in your actions and supporting
that authoritarian leader and and in in
all the different violations of the
Constitution he's done what you don't
realize is that you're actually arguing
against America you should take that hat
off so I I also want to address the very
first part of that video where he talks
about Muslims coming into the country
coming into the United States to kill
Americans so look there was and it seems
as though it's died down quite a bit
luckily a huge issue of Isis carrying
out horrible acts of terrorism in
European countries and that was
genuinely a concern that people in
America had people in these European
countries had and so that's something
that was taken seriously and luckily it
seems as though you know the war on Isis
has been successful and it's ongoing now
put that aside though and talk about
what the United States has done
because what he is alleging that Muslims
have done to Americans is exactly what
the US government has done in
muslim-majority countries all to make
our weapons manufacturers and private
military contractors stupendously
wealthy right and and I'm not talking
about going after Isis fighters I'm
talking about drone strikes that have
taken out entire civilian families at
weddings I'm talking about people
mourning the loss of those family
members and then also being met with
drone strikes those are real things that
have happened abroad right so it's just
it's projection by the right-wing
government that is what we do
it also majority countries and by the
way Republican presidents have done it
and Democratic presidents have done it
yes we are honest and fair about that
coverage last thing on this look have
there been Muslim attacks inside America
including Florida yes but if you were
really concerned about your safety you'd
be concerned about the great majority of
attacks in America which are by white
right-wing radicals so that's an
absolute fact that is a fact that the
government puts out including yes the
Trump administration the majority of
attacks since 2001 have been by
right-wing terrorists in this country so
but you don't you never hear that
propaganda so he thinks oh my god it's
the Muslims coming even you are far more
likely to be shot by a fellow right
winger and in fact when you just put
aside terrorism and you target but
that's about terrorism what I just told
you buddy if you get past that and you
know about what your chance of actually
getting shot are are you kidding me and
so 9/11 was a disaster an epic failure
not just by the administration but for
this country and we lost nearly 3,000
people every year we lose 30,000 people
to gun violence
30:10 911s every single year but I bet
you that if you ask that guy oh guns are
awesome what I really have to worry
about is a Muslim I never ever met all
right we have more so let's take a look
it's great
he's good everything else are you
willing to take his word for it whoever
Trump says to vote for you before I do
anything he says he has everything he
says
true yeah so I wanted to clarify
something obviously that video was not
by Emma biglan that was an MSNBC video
but the reason why I wanted to share
that with you is because it gives you
yet another example of this amazing
loyalty that people have for him
regardless of you know how his policies
have negatively impacted them and and
I'll give you an example of a policy you
know these tax cuts just I don't know
maybe she's a multi-millionaire maybe
she's a billionaire I have no idea but
I'm guessing that it's unlikely and if
it is unlikely she did not benefit from
those tax cuts in fact it will hurt her
quite a bit it's going to defund all
sorts of programs that I think people
take for granted and I'm not talking
about welfare programs I'm talking about
all the different things that the
government funds including Social
Security and Medicare which is something
that the GOP is now really aggressively
looking to cut in order to make up for
lost revenue so we turn about this
earlier in the live show and of course
live shows our everyday it's 6:00 to
8:00 p.m. Eastern tea y-t-dot-com slash
live to watch it every day and I looked
at a article that explained brainwashing
and so that's I think what's happened
these folks in a sense on a macro sense
so in one of the things that drives it
is isolation they've been isolated in
social media to only like-minded people
and on Fox News to like-minded hosts and
what they hear all the time is that
Trump is great and everything he's ever
done is a brilliant success they never
hear the down sides not just criticism
but the actual facts hey did you know
the top 1% got $61,000 tax cut every
year they get 61 thousand dollars extra
every year that's what the tax cut was
for by the way share our videos sharing
with your family friends anybody who
doesn't normally get that information
you got maybe a dollar 50 in your check
they got they get sixty one thousand
dollars every single year that's and
they're the donors of course the donors
got exactly what they wanted but she
believes that Trump is right about
everything the second thing that that
you apparently works in brainwashing is
endless repetition yeah and that's why
Trump like a maniac constantly repeats
things no collusion no collusion hoax
hoax I'm the best
I have the best words I have the best
words I have the best words I'm like a
smart person I'm like a smart person and
then these people come up and go through
he's like a smart person because they
almost literally got brainwashed into it
so in fact I want to go to the person I
wanna go to video 14 here because I mean
if ever there was a good example of that
now we're back to Emma biglan for rebel
headquarters as part of the TYT Network
covering the same rally watch I think
they did that the metaphor and all that
stuff that I think the reason why they
had did that is to keep their jobs cuz
he would've probably got rid of all of
them what sir everything started going
on he probably just pinned him the vet
bi and all them who would have gotten
their jobs FBI and all those ages and
manna for and all those other people
they're trying to pin stuff on Trump
like he's colluding with Russia
nothing's going out Russia we evidently
know that it's already kind of been
proven
what is it 20 months saw 24 months what
about the 12 indictments with the
Russians and the meeting with Donald
Trump jr. you don't buy that it's just a
meeting just like me and you sitting
down and having a beer and talk and get
to know each other he doesn't know he
knows so he knows a lot of people in
this world he's been around a long time
long time more than all anybody that's
in Congress or anywhere he dealt with
the whole world he deals with everything
he's been doing it for years I was the
smartest man out there probably probably
the smartest man out there he's dealt
with everything and there's actually
been 32 people who have either been
indicted or already pleaded guilty but
he says no 24 months and nothing
happened
how about the 32 cases no nothing
happened how about the four Trump
officials who've already said that they
were guilty no nothing happened
okay why Trump is the greatest how do I
know he told me she's been around a long
time longer than a lot of people in
Congress so he's really smart
well I guess by that standard he can't
wait to vote for Bernie Sanders who's
been around longer okay all right well
look we try to find and and deliver to
you guys
mind of a trump voter that is at least
partly the minds of Trump voters but
check out all of it it's on rebel HQ
it's it that our channel t YT politics
we change the name of rebel headquarters
you could find it on YouTube Facebook
but mainly on our app it's super easy to
find along with the rest of our shows t
y-t-dot-com slash app to get that to get
all the videos and watch the Trump
supporters for yourself and make up your
own mind on it and of course you can get
all of our shows if you're a member of
the Young Turks TYT comm slash join to
become a member to easy ways for the
young turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
