thank you to Nord VPN for sponsoring our
next clip and giving you 66% off a
two-year deal with promo code tyt or
Nord VPN comm slash tyt
get the only VPN with a perfect PC Mag
rating and military-grade encryption by
heading to Nord VPN comm slash tyt or by
using the promo code tyt the New York
Times is catching a little bit of heat
actually quite a bit of heat after
publishing a profile piece on Gavin
McGinnis he is the founder of the proud
boys and they have been caught in a
number of violent altercations
throughout the country one of the more
recent altercations happened in New York
following an event at the Metropolitan
Republican Club by the way the proud
boys were invited to the Metropolitan
Republican Club to speak and it all
ended in violence when they were
approached by an Tifa protesters
following the event now I want to give
you a few excerpts from what the New
York Times wrote in its piece about
McGinnis and then I'll explain why
they're getting criticized for it so
first part of it indicates that at the
center of the fray on Friday night this
is referring to the altercation after
the Metropolitan Republican Club event
was mr. McGinnis the founder of the
proud boys and a former Brooklyn hipster
turned far-right provocateur so the
concern here is that this piece
profiling McGinnis is normalizing his
behavior and also making it seem as
though his behavior isn't out of the
ordinary
essentially whitewashing it when in
reality he has called for violence on
various occasions and we're going to
show you examples of that now they also
include this portion Deborah Coughlin
the president of the Metropolitan
Republican Club said that she welcomed
mr. McGinnis because there had been no
trouble when he spoke at the club last
year Coughlin explained that the club
considered mr. McGinnis as political
views to be on the spectrum of
conservative civil discourse she also
noted that during the event his
followers were quiet and respectful now
after the event they take the living
crap out of people as they've been
taught to do
but hey during the event when they were
all in agreement everything was fine and
by the way
the part that is not mentioned often
enough is what McGinnis was talking
about that day he went to go celebrate
the murder of a Japanese socialist civil
discourse Jenk civil very civil yeah and
he brought if a plastic sword with him
and dressed up and including with racist
Asian eyes that he he did for himself
okay
celebrating the person who murdered a
socialist civil discourse civil
discourse so anyway um there's more that
I'm going to give you guys in just a
minute but there was also a video that
went viral in response to this New York
Times profile and it's essentially a
compilation of the type of civil
discourse mainstream Republicans have
now accepted so let's show you what that
is
I started this gang called the proud
boys and out boys the proud boys what is
that what's proud boys about we will
kill you that's the proud boys in a
nutshell we will kill you we look nice
we seem soft we have boys in our name
but like Bill the butcher and the Bowery
Boys we will assassinate you now part of
the reason I agree to do is a talk it's
cuz I'm allowed to bring all my guys and
we can fight our way in and fight our
way out I think it's our job to do
and they turn a blind eye if you're
wearing a manga hat and salads right now
cells in the studio folks oh my god it's
Alice of Paula where are you from
why camel came along I'm wearing a
maggot hat and some guy with a slightly
punk demeanor comes up to you and says
hey are you Sal or are you pro-trump
choke him trust your instincts don't
listen to what he has to say choke him
if I do it video where I say how about
we start throwing bricks is that legal
you can't call for violence on a
specific person but can you say they're
throwing bricks we should throw bricks
can you call for violence generally cuz
I am fighting solves everything we need
violence from the Trump people Trump
supporters choke a mother choke a bitch
choke a tranny get your fingers around
the wind
one violence I want punching in the face
I'm disappointed in Trump supporters for
not punching enough yet God get ready to
blow someone's head off
I've even killed people in my dreams
that's how awesome my gun is get in
trouble get arrested get fired
that's all getting this together Chile's
on they said you want to go I said yeah
I wanna go and I punch them in the face
and then Coulter you know America's
Conservatives never punched anyone in
the face finally you know these are
turning around and then elsewhere don't
you know advocating violence are you a
civil discourse the New York Times said
provocateur uh and my particular
favorite they described him as an angry
nerd aesthetic oh now he's a nerd oh
he's an innocent little nerd with an
aesthetic with an aesthetic which is
take your guns kill people
I'm calling for violence I'm calling for
violence they punch them in the face
throw the brakes etc so you just saw the
tape you just saw the tape New York
Times journalist thought you thought
yeah on the other hand I'm supposed to
call everything 50/50 that's right
because it because people like Kevin
McGinnis yell at me and called me
liberal media so instead I'll go and
pleasure them I'll talk about how their
Brooklyn hipsters oh they're having a
little bit of cheeky fun oh there's just
they said oh they get together and and
do private jokes oh they're just joking
around and in another instance they
talked about how he gets close to the
line but walks it back just enough room
to declare it all a joke you just saw
the tape that any of that looked like he
was joking that it looked like it was
there enough room there when he talked
about murdering people but New York
Times no no we're not liberal we're not
liberal okay right wait wonderful
awesome great you're an intellectual
dark web
a wunderkind your this your that given
McGinnis
you're not a fascist you're not talking
about killing transgender people you're
not talking about killing liberals no
we're gonna cover up for you just so you
don't call us liberal that's what the
New York Times this honestly they're
cowards so look the New York Times also
because we're fair and we actually
analyze things it was out what the right
wing does they have nothing but
propaganda they're nothing but lies but
the New York Times does some great
reporting and they have some wonderful
reporters and wonderful editors and they
bring us incredibly important
information but they are cowed by the
right wing they had an article about
Donald Trump before the election that
showed Eric Lichtblau a great reporter
the he had him Trump server talking to
the Russians talking to alpha bang and
not only did they not run that piece
initially but when someone else was
gonna beat him to the punch
they wrote a piece with a headline
saying the opposite the FBI had cleared
Trump but that's a lie why do coastal
docos liberal whatever you do know cause
liberal so what will we do will lie to
you and we'll call it even
we'll call everything even their calling
fascist even that's what the New York
Times is doing the goddamn cowards so
look I'm not for an T for going out and
throwing water bottles as they did in
that I'm not calling for violence yes
I'm angry if you I don't know if you
could tell that doesn't mean we call for
physical violence we do everything to
make sure our side does not do that I
say if you're a progressive it is you're
by definition wrong if you do anything
physical or violent but what but then
they'll take this and then you know what
they'll do because just because they are
cowards in the media they will go and
say oh well that guy's angry about the
fascists that they want to murder people
that guy's angry and he calls for a
political answer to that I'll call them
the same as the monsters on the right
who tell people to kill people that's
what you're gonna do aren't you New York
Times go ahead write it down but you
won't even do that we get analysis the
other day they have over 500 articles
about the right-wing like specific
right-wing outlets you know in one month
you know how many articles they wrote
about Amy Goodman a wonderful
progressive who was very popular and
does a huge show zero-zero Amy he
progresses New York Times thinks about
progressives and then they get called
liberal media well when you ever cover
progressives when are you ever fair to
progressives all I ever see from the
mainstream media is spitting on Bernie
Sanders and any other progressive when
did you cook did you cover Alexandria
costume Cortes before a victory no you
thought she was a joke right until she
won and all of a sudden you turn around
but when it comes to the right-wing and
fascist who want to murder people Oh
provocateur an angry nerd what is it
they aesthetic please why don't you go
pleasure another right winger you sicken
me am i clear enough so obviously you
have an establishment political
organization a Republican organization
normalizing this behavior and calling it
civil discourse and the problem is we
now have a major newspaper that is
helping them make that argument and I
just want to read you one final part and
then we'll call it a day with this story
no I'm gonna save more because okay yeah
all right so this is again from this
very New York Times piece by the way
Allen fuer is the name of the writer
here and so again I want to emphasize
that there is incredible journalism
being done at the New York Times but
there is this fear of being called out
by conservatives for being too liberal
and I think that we see this play out
more often than not in the profiles that
they write on people like McGinnis so
here's another portion McGinnis a fiscal
conservative and libertarian calls
himself a champion of Western values and
reserves a burning ire for the political
correctness of people on the Left whom
he describes as busybodies who have lost
their sense of humor so were we supposed
to laugh when you talked about choking
trannies grabbing them by the windpipe I
mean I don't know I don't really find
that funny
and then they will these are the same
people who will then
turn around and look at undocumented
immigrants Mexicans Muslims other
minorities and accused them of being
violent they'll accuse them of being
criminals they'll accuse them of wanting
to come into the country and destroying
our values no no
McGinnis I don't care you know what your
race is you destroy our values so New
York Times and the rest of the
mainstream media and the corporate media
when you call things even you know what
you do you help liars because your job
is to be objective your job is to get to
at the truth but when you equate lies in
the truth you say well Republicans say
this and Democrats say that right wing
says this and left wing says that often
how would I know what am i you're a
boarder and when you just leave it at
that
what do you do you've equalized the
truth and lies so what did you do you
helped the liars by calling it even
that's terrible journalism that means
you're terrible at your job okay now in
this case you're helping fascists by
calling it even by calling it even okay
here I'm gonna read you another quote
and I know there's not a lot of Indians
in this country so I'm sure that most
people don't care they're like Oh casual
racism and bigotry towards Indians
Asians Muslims transgender people Oh
angry nerd aesthetic right so I'm gonna
read you a quote here from McGinnis it's
not so he said we brought roads and it
referring to white people we brought
roads and infrastructure to India and
they are still using them as toilets our
criminals built nice roads in Australia
but aboriginals keep using them as a bed
so you don't know any Indians and you
think it's just joking it's just joking
by the way I some of those clips are on
the Joe Rogan show Oh
let's bring him on they'll just joke
around about how much we hate
transgender people oh you don't have any
sense of humor man really are you
friends with Indian people and you guys
are ribbing each other no doesn't look
like it it looks like you're making fun
of them because you hate them and you
celebrate being white whatever that
means
okay so anybody who enables
these guys including the New York Times
understand what you're doing you're
helping fascists by not calling them
what they are which is what you're
supposed to do as reporters what you do
is you're you're dressing them up and
making them seem much nicer and kinder
than they actually are which then helps
them gain legitimacy and then have
speeches at official Republican outlets
and encourages the spread of their
violence and hatred
congratulations New York Times you must
be so proud
two easy ways for the young turks want
us hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
