and short users you can now have TYT the
palm of your hand
our TYT app is available for download in
the Google Play Store just go to TYT
comm slash app to find out more Donald
Trump was in Florida in order to a stop
for Ron De Santis that is the
gubernatorial candidate who just
recently released an ad talking about
how much he loves Donald Trump and how
he reads books about firing people to
his kids in order to show his support
for Donald Trump kind of incredible but
Donald Trump usually makes these events
about himself and so there were lots of
examples of him talking about the Russia
investigation talking about how the
importance of voter ID laws but in my
opinion the more interesting thing that
comes out of these rallies in these
events is what his supporters have to
say where do they stand on these
political issues now Emma big lend out
to whitey reporter extraordinaire spoke
to a number of these people very bravely
I would argue and we're gonna talk about
a couple different things but for the
purposes of this video let's talk about
the Trump supporters view on the wall
and immigration with that said let's
take a look at the first interview and
get that wall built and if the Democrats
don't like it tough shutdown the demo
shut down the government we need the
money to put up that wall we need a wall
that is as dangerous as out the cross
people died crossing that wall maybe
they'll just stay on their side so that
lovely gentleman is going to reappear a
couple of times and if you think we
didn't notice that ' in the wrong place
you are wrong was awesome I don't know
what I like more his angry rants his
angry shirt and I like it from a
distance okay but Emma is courageous for
walking into that lion's den with these
lunatics okay now but to be fair that
guy's unhinged i'ma talk to a lot of
people and she said the majority of them
were nice to her okay and she doesn't
have a tea white tea Mike flag let's
just be clear about that
here they aware that she no no so that's
a great question Anna and I talked to
Emma this morning and she said almost
all the younger people she asked the
interviewers they're like she's they
everybody asked where are you from and
she's
TYT no other people like okay great
let's do it interview the other people
are like oh I know to you I do okay
hey guys why don't you share your
opinions opinions with us is that you
got great ideas right way step up to the
mic so yes the younger guys all new and
and did want to talk to her but I mean I
don't know if Emma's the Trump Whisperer
that's a terrible thing to say about
someone but she all she's doing is
asking Pleasant questions so that's all
she's doing and and you get all sides of
it and and people get got mad about this
video guys she didn't say anything weird
I'll say something in a minute but
you're getting mad for us putting a
mirror to Trump motors and and by the
way not all of them like I said are like
that a lot of them just think he's doing
a great job because you know I don't
know why but we've got more of this we
do so the next video
talks a little bit about Donald Trump
zero-tolerance policies separating
children from their parents what do some
Trump supporters at least think about
that whole situation it's not like these
people are coming over in an SUV you
know with their thing on the trunk
carrying all their belongings we don't
even know if these children belong to
those people honestly and I for me that
would be a big concern releasing these
children to people that you can't even
document but you know that they belong
to them so I don't I don't know why an
SUV with people's stuff you know tied to
the top of that vehicle makes any
difference but you know what what stood
out to me about that interview was how
deep or how deeply that propaganda has
seeped into the Trump voters
consciousness because that was a
propaganda point that was a talking
point that we got from Trump supporters
you know and I'm talking about officials
who said well we you know they're
bringing in these kids but we don't know
if those kids actually belonged to those
adults but yeah the vast majority of
those children did belong to those
parents so I'll tell you we're gonna get
the full video because later Emma asked
them to a perfectly normal question of
so you think the kids are decoys she's
like yeah they might be like so
one guy looks crazed the other one looks
like a perfectly normal lovely American
and she thinks that the kids that came
in with their families might be decoys
look I like that you pointed that out
because I think I don't think that that
woman is a bad person I think that she's
been misinformed
I think the propaganda has been
effective and I think she's genuinely
concerned that those kids are either you
know not the children of the people
seeking asylum or decoys like there's so
much garbage out there and it's it's a
mountain every single day because for
what but and and I know because I we
cover this story the the right-wing
conspiracy theories is that Isis is
coming in with fake kids that's cuckoo
for cocoa puffs ice isn't saying that
the government isn't saying that it not
even the Trump administration is saying
that but right wing blogs say it and it
goes around and around and then a nice
lady thinks oh my god the kids are
decoys yes so by the way so you can
watch this whole video that Emma did and
all the video she does from the rally at
rebel headquarters so we renamed TYT
politics rebel HQ now look you can go on
YouTube and find it you could go on
Facebook and find it but just get our
app and it's right there so all that is
super easy to watch app either Iowa or
Android and I want you to watch all the
videos because I want to be fair the
Trump people I want you to see all of it
so that you could make up your mind and
part of the reason why Emma went was so
we can find out why did they like them
and remember this isn't in Florida and
I'm so happy that she went to Florida to
speak to them because Florida is one of
the states that actually increased its
support for Donald Trump whereas other
red states that voted from or other
states where he won you know you saw
some wavering among the supporters so
this is great now let's take a look at
another Trump supporter who addresses
claims about the president being racist
club isn't a racist he's married
immigrants three of them are immigrants
so what does that tell you is he a
racist now would he let him into their
home into his home yeah
yes okay I just so you know what that
tells me just to answer her question
that you don't know that Eastern
Europeans are white or that his wives
have been white I think she knows I
think she's trying to purposely mislead
there so first of all Marla maples was
not an immigrant at two out of the three
work and it's our thesis is not that
he's wholesale against immigrants for
example he really likes her rich
immigrants if they're rich Saudi
immigrants great no problem rich Chinese
immigrants no problem right
so that's immigrants he doesn't mind
attractive white female immigrants he
has no problem with it all what we're
worried about is that he he does he's
trying to ban specifically Latinos that
are coming into the country because it
is partly racial and you might say hey
it's because they do he doesn't want
them to eventually be Democratic voters
that doesn't make it much better right I
want to be clear about one other thing
so Trump is in favor of some immigrants
who are considered low-skilled and who
are not white okay because as soon as he
came into office he increased or raised
the cap for low-skilled foreign workers
to come in using h-2b visas to work on
his properties let's just be clear about
that because he loves cheap labour loves
it
so those kinds of immigrants he's in
favor of yeah he doesn't want anyone
else to use him but they're all over
mar-a-lago and I don't think there's
anything wrong with that you know by the
way a lot of the the immigrants that he
brings in through those visas are from
Haiti and I think I know what he thinks
about Haiti
well he's referred to them as s whole
countries that's right that's right
unless of course it's cheap labor for
him but look I don't know to what degree
these people know that and what degree
they don't but that was a hilariously
disingenuous well he likes hot young
white female immigrants okay that's true
two easy ways for Young Turks one is hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
