Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to t y-t-dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts a
federal judge has ruled that the Trump
administration must stop giving
psychotropic drugs to migrant children
who are in detention yes that is going
on in fact one of these detention
centers has been ordered to shut down as
a result so the lawyer here the the US
District Judge here is Judge dolly G and
she had previously ruled in favor of
these migrant families and this whole
zero tolerance policy she wanted to get
the families back together but here's
what she found and what she has ruled on
in this latest update so this Texas
holding Center was giving psychotropic
drugs to minors both in the morning and
at night without parental consent that
is a huge deal right so the judge
ordered that the Trump administration
must obtain consent or a court order
before administrating these medications
except in cases of dire emergencies so
they were sedating these kids probably
because it's a traumatic situation and
maybe some of them were crying and and
you know having a difficult time the
judge additionally ordered that the
Trump administration move most children
out of one of the shelters that's what I
was talking about earlier earlier the
Shilo residential treatment center in
Manville Texas where staff members have
reportedly admitted that they have given
medical children medication without
consent and also the shelter has been
operating without board certification to
treat children for nearly a decade now
if you're not wondering why are they
giving them drugs to make their jobs
easier yeah you sedate the kids I mean
they're kids they'll act up they'll play
around they'll do some horseplay it's
all hard to manage you give them some
drugs easy to manage that's the state of
the country yeah the situation is really
bad and you know there was a court order
to reunite these families and the Trump
administration you know is doing this
victory lap as if they completed it
they did a great job no they did not do
a good job in fact there are about 700
children 700 of the 2551 children who
remain separated from their parents
because their parents have been labeled
ineligible for reunification or they've
been deported and let's keep it real
they didn't even keep track of you know
who the children belong to in some cases
they coerced parents to sign a form that
would waive their ability to be
reunified with their kids I mean it's
disgusting they don't care they don't
see them as humans I don't know where
you know those pro-life people are the
ones who claim that they care so much
about Z goats and fetuses you care so
much about children why don't you care
about these children
yeah they deported some of the parents
and then oops forgot that they still
have their kids now they say well we
can't find the parents because they're
already deported we do have no idea
where they are in their home countries
oh I mean look part of this is bad
intent to make their lives simpler and
part of it is Trump's grotesque
incompetence just doesn't care other
presidents would care to try to get it
right they would say all right if we're
gonna do this let's be careful because
we don't want it to at a bare minimum
even if they don't have good intent we
don't want it to blow up in our face we
don't want to make a mess out of it
Trump says who cares just separate him
who cares who cares we'll figure it out
later
he doesn't even because he never has a
second thought there's never hey what
happens after that or step two and now
you've got these you know different
facilities given these kids drugs to
keep him quiet just when you think you
can't get worse in the Trump world it
always gets worse two easy ways follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
