drive it right where your crazy help
build the home of progressives by
becoming a TYT member click the link in
the description box below John Miller is
a White House reporter for CR TV CR TV
is a conservative online streaming
network of shows including Gavin
McGuinness who also has a show now John
Miller went out of his way to slander a
journalist who was just murdered by
Saudi assassins in the Saudi consulate
in Turkey he's probably doing this
because of the fact that it's become
abundantly clear that the Trump
administration is going to help cover up
this death for the Saudis because of our
financial ties with Saudi Arabia but
more importantly because of Donald
Trump's financial ties with Saudi Arabia
now with that said I want to give you a
sense of what Jon Miller had to say
about Khashoggi on his show he said
Miller referring to Istanbul as
Constantinople said the media is not
telling the truth about Khashoggi he
then derided him as a radical activist
fascinating let's stop there so the
least offensive part is calling Istanbul
Constantinople it's silly who cares
right but I do want to so I had a Greek
friend in high school and we were
talking about he used to call Istanbul
Constantinople and he kid me about it
and we need great relationship and then
but but he said yeah like Greeks
regularly do do that yeah and then I was
like Constantine unsurprising that his
name was Constantine oh I was like it
hasn't been Constantinople for over 500
years so can we call it the thing that
the people who live there call it like
that's fair I'm calling it a stumble
from now on okay a reasonable person
does okay again not not that important
what's tangent yes the important stuff
is what they're saying about khashoggi
now don't as n I read you the propaganda
the CR T V is putting out there and so
she mentioned Gavin McGinnis a guy who
calls for violence and you know white
and Western pride it's so that's the
kind of station see our TV is so you
understand but now
then this is exactly what I expected
everything that Anna's gonna read you is
bouncing around the internet it has
begun so now the right wing and the
maggara guys have decided the Saudis
dismembering people is awesome
and so they will now smear the victim so
so I'm gonna give you exact quotes from
the show john miller said the following
we know he meaning Khashoggi had ties to
the radical Islamic groups they're not
reporting that we know he made calls for
violence against Israel we know that he
has dedicated he was dedicated to
transforming Saudi Arabia into a more
regressive State and maybe that's why he
didn't come out of that consulate
so listen three things here at a minimum
for actually maybe that's why he didn't
come out of the consulate in other words
he had a coming
they should have murdered him what
that's don't that's what he's implying
it's unbelievable ok number two he was
pushing for a Saudi Arabia to be a more
aggressive state not remotely true 100
percent the opposite of the truth in
what wake it was with Saudi Arabia able
to get more regressive I mean they they
decapitate people I mean they will
decapitate people I did a show they did
it took a shogi but more importantly I
mean they have incredibly extreme laws
and especially toward women if anyone is
caught having an affair if a woman is
even caught seen with a man who's not
her husband I mean how much more
regressive can you possibly get there's
no freedom there are no freedom of press
and and besides which khashoggi was
murdered because he was fighting for to
open up Saudi Arabia for liberty and for
freedom and for freedom of speech
his last article published today by The
Washington Post before he was killed
before he had any idea was gonna be
killed obviously talking about how Saudi
Arabia and other Arab countries have to
be open to freedom and liberty but the
Republicans use freedom and liberty as a
punchline so now they've flipped it on
his head and and lied about his record
and then point three calls for violence
against Israel
now I told you ahead of time I said at
some point people are gonna start to say
hey
remember Saudi Arabia's allies with
Israel who cares who pay murder and
behead etcetera so now these are code
words
hey remember we're on the side of Saudi
Arabia and so they want to decapitate
this guy well he well he was against
Israel he was against Israel is that
even true no I'm sure that he criticized
the occupation as almost every single
person in the Arab world has done right
and as any rational person would do is
an occupation great are you happy about
the occupation anyway and then the last
part and the most important one Radek is
theis of radical Islamic groups and
we're gonna have more quotes about that
but now it's easy
all right he's Arab he's a Muslim let's
just call him a radical I just call him
a terrorist sympathizer easy and so the
maggot guys go yeah the guys who
beheaded him are not the radical Muslims
the guy who got beheaded is the radical
Muslim doesn't matter he's a Muslim who
cares so he continues to say Khashoggi
was an Islamic activist who was tight
with the Muslim Brotherhood he was an
extremist guys or at least I should say
an extremist sympathizer because you
know he didn't want to do the bombs
himself okay again like there's really
no evidence at all to back up any of
what he had to say again he was living
in self-exile
in the United States writing for The
Washington Post because he feared for
his own safety because of his criticisms
of Saudi Arabia and how the Royals
refused to open the country up his Jenk
mentions they refused freedom of speech
they refused any type of progress
now the Saudi Crown Prince recently gave
women the right to drive but that's a
trick I mean it's a it's a good thing to
allow women to drive but you have to pay
attention to what he's doing in the
backdrop right because that was a way of
putting up a facade making it seem like
he's trying to be more progressive when
in reality that is not what's really
happening at the same time he imprisoned
the woman who fought for that freedom
exact that's who a bone so Salman is and
the guy that these conservatives with no
conscious whatsoever are defending today
man
there is no bottom to this barrel
there's just no bottom and I don't know
how anybody stays a right winger
so it's the way he would respond to I
don't know if someone on the right who
was targeted by Nicolas Maduro is this
how he would respond if someone on the
right who is a harsh critic of Maduro
was murdered by Venezuelan assassins is
this the way you would react to it no
way of course not because your political
hacks and you don't care about principle
at all and a I and I made a point
yesterday about how when Alex Jones
attacked us during a live show we're
doing at the RNC he was yelling about
how we like Saturday and I yelled back
are you insane you've never watched this
show can't stand the fundamentalist
government the dictatorial government of
Saudi Arabia well guess who lived up to
their principles and who didn't
so we're criticizing Saturday BIA Oh as
fervently as any show on the planet
right-wing where are you
oh you're defending them funny how that
turned out he also said Khashoggi was a
longtime friend of Osama bin Laden and
wept when the al Qaeda founder was
killed so let's let's clarify that
statement okay khashoggi did in fact cry
when Osama bin Laden was killed but not
because he was Osama bin Laden's friend
but because of what Osama bin Laden had
become okay so Khashoggi had interviewed
bin Laden in Afghanistan in the 1990s
when both were allied with the
anti-soviet Mujahideen okay if you
thought that khashoggi was wrong about
that
so was Reagan Reagan was the guy who
armed Osama bin Laden at the time take
it up with Reagan after 9/11 however
khashoggi wrote and this is his writing
these are his words Osama bin Laden's
hijacked planes not only attacked New
York in Washington they also attacked
Islam and a faith and the values of
tolerance and coexistence that it
preaches okay so clearly not in favor of
bin Laden after the mujahideen a fight
against the Soviet Union 100% against
them saying he was the exact opposite of
what Islam needs to be and then the
context for the tweet about crying
alright so here's the full context about
the crying accusation here's what Jamal
Khashoggi had written I collapsed crying
a while ago heartbroken for you
Abu Abdullah that's a nickname for bin
Laden you were beautiful and brave in
those beautiful days in Afghanistan
before you surrendered to hatred and
passion so he was saying when we were
fighting the Soviets along with Ronald
Reagan you were great
and then you surrendered to hatred and
that's why I cry for what happened to
you okay funny that the conservers left
that part out it's almost as if they
want to deceive their audience they will
do anything anything to protect Trump
even knowing that Trump is only acting
the way he is out of his own
self-interests because he wants to
protect his financial assets his
financial relationships that's really
like you're gonna go out of your way to
help Trump protect himself and enrich
himself what are you getting out of it
because what you're getting out of it is
protecting this new precedent in
response to journalists who questioned
power and authority okay and finally
when you look at what these guys have
done and you say well Jake that's not
fair to say right-wingers in general so
well then I'll apply your own principle
so you say about Muslims well hey the
moderate Muslims have to speak out which
by the way they do after every attack
every Muslim American organization puts
out a statement condemning it and then
they go where are they would think you
put a put out the statement you didn't
read it so in this case so where are the
moderate right-wingers calling out these
you know abhorrent comments by other
parts of the right-wing calling out CR T
V calling out Donald Trump for an
obvious cover-up are you guys
vociferously attacking Donald Trump and
criticizing him saying how dare you
support that fundamentalist dict or
dictatorial government in Saudi Arabia
how dare you not stand up for someone
who is a Washington Post journalist who
was living here in America and who was
beheaded
and tortured are you doing that right
wing oh no you're not huh funny funny
how that works thanks for watching this
free clip of The Young Turks don't
forget to become a TYT member today for
more exclusive content join now at TYT
dot-com /join
