Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to T y-t-dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts
Donald Trump indicated that he would be
in favor of having talks with Iran with
no conditions set ahead of time
well Fox and Friends seems to be very
supportive of this even though they were
not supportive of Obama when he had said
the same thing back in 2008 now let's
hear from Fox and what they think about
having a conversation with Iran
why believe in meeting I would certainly
meet with Iran if they wanted to meet I
don't know that they're ready yet to
have it a hard time right now
he said that Russia China North Korea
and Iran were the main threats to u.s.
security those four nations so let's
think all right Russia he's met with
Putin China he's met with Z on North
Korea he's met with just Kim jong-un and
now the last one is Iran what's he gonna
do with that keep in mind they were
there were some fiery tweets last week
just as there were last year with little
rocket man yes I mean the big difference
between those four countries is Iran is
a regime run by radical Islamists I
think he's been successful meeting with
people you just you got to go in
clear-eyed with someone like the folks
in Iran there they are visceral and
cultural enemies they hate Israel they
want to wipe it off the map it's a whole
nother League are the Iranians have to
go in but if you want change sitting
down with them might be the way to do it
how have Trump's talks with other
adversaries gone well right so oh you
know he met with Russia did that go well
did you think that went well
really oh we talked to Kim jong-eun did
that go well I mean there's now more
evidence indicating that they've
continued on with their nuclear weapons
development like what went well can you
give me an example of how those talks
went well yeah so before we go under
their hypocrisy I gotta make a couple of
notes on that clip too but you got to go
in tough really like you did it with
Putin come on even you don't think that
right and and Pete hagseth with but but
Iran is different Iran is different why
is it different he said they are
visceral and cultural enemies what does
that mean
cultural enemy what does that mean
how is anyone a cultural enemy what is
the definition of a cultural enemy and
he said unlike the others they're
radical islamists wait a minute the
North Koreans are the most radical
people on the planet so what are you
saying I know what you're saying you're
not worried about the radical you're
saying Islam cultural enemy now remember
we hate Muslims so we have to treat them
differently even though North Korea's
running concentration camps no ear on
that the mullahs running Iran is a
disaster I don't want them to run Iran I
want to run to be free country okay but
is Iran and better shaped in North Korea
it's not even close Iran is in way
better shape than North Korea North
Korea is a terror state I mean they live
in a state of terror they also support
terrorism across the world it's the only
reason you would think that Iran is
worse than North Korea is if you're a
bigot like Pete's hagseth and say that
they are a cultural enemy no flat-out
bigoted if if he said it about Jews he'd
be run out of town and he should be he
says it about Muslims it was like oh
it's no big deal yeah of course
well well of course we hate Muslims it's
just but they're different they're
different really Pete how are they
different so as you can tell they're in
favor of Trump having talks with Iran
and by the way just to clarify I would
also be supportive of Trump having a
dialogue with Iran rather than you know
going to war with them or you know it
basically making the situation worse
than it already is
well Fox just historically has not been
in favor of American leaders American
politicians having open dialogue with
the Iranians so I'll give you an example
and this is video showing their take on
it since the 1980s he'll talk to the
Moses of Iran the new president of Iran
but if you want to jump in go ahead no
not really
when you hear the president when you
hear miss Pelosi talking is she talking
about the Iranians is she talking about
the Syrians is she talking about mr.
Putin no no they're talking about the
Republican president says he doesn't
need to talk to anybody
he'll talk to Iran and see
Vladimir Putin president says I'm gonna
negotiate with the murderous anti-semite
a group in Iran on a nuclear policy that
they've waged throughout his entire
presidency they're on the brink of
having a nuclear weapon in Iran and says
well he has sent out some nice Rosh
Hashanah tweets after a history of
anti-semitism the president's posture
has been not even a talk to you guys
he'll yes time for the mullahs oh and
Iran and now this man thrice John you
did the math right well their message is
clear the president and his fellow
Democrats will not meet with Republicans
to discuss and negotiate over the debt
limit but the president may take time to
meet with Iran's president which is a
country of course we haven't had
official relations with since the 80s no
but I don't know how to talk to the
right-wing anymore because they don't
use logic and they don't care about
facts so how do you convince them you
just saw the two videos they're obvious
hypocrites gigantic glaring hypocrites
when Obama or Democrats say let's talk
to Iran they say yeah it's time for the
mullahs would you talk to them know when
Trump says it genius
you got to talk to the view to your
enemies I mean showing all of is it or
all of our enemies that's what you got
to do that's what you got to do you got
to go talk to the mullahs yeah it does
can you get any more hypocritical than
that on the other hand we have been
consistent all throughout so should
Trump should Obama have talked to the
mullahs yes because you don't negotiate
with your friends you negotiate with
your enemies when Dick Cheney said that
he wouldn't even talk to the Iranians
about a peace deal I went ballistic I
what a monstrous stupid thing to do
because it's purposely meant to lead to
more war right Obama came in and said
yes I will talk to the Iranian is great
when Trump says he's going to talk to
the Iranians great that's what we want
we want dialogue we want peace not war
the more you talk the more you do
diplomacy normally war is less likely I
mean Trump is a serial bungler I mean
what he did in North Korea and Russia
has not been great but I would still
vote for dialogue over conflict yeah
look I
agree with you on that I would vote for
dialogue over conflict any day even if
it's Trump engaging in that dialogue but
I also want to add that giant caveat
because that caveat is important look
it's incredible how Fox can take the
exact same issue and use it to their
political advantage regardless of who
the politician is right we hate Obama so
if Obama wants to engage in these talks
we're going to rail against him
we love Trump so if Trump wants to
engage in these talks we're going to
support him and tell tell everyone that
they should be in favor of that right
but the thing is at least Obama wasn't
stupid
right so Obama is not true whether you
agree with his policies or not and I
hear you he was he was flawed just like
any other human you have to at least
acknowledge that he wasn't an idiot and
he wasn't easily manipulated by other
world leaders someone like Trump is so
easily manipulated and if he's not being
manipulated he's incredibly thin-skinned
and offended immediately it's something
nonsensical so yes we should have
diplomatic talks but I do you know I am
skeptical of what will come out of those
talks considering the person who would
engage in that so look I hear you Anna
and I'm not gonna change my position on
it I still I think it's a net positive
for him to go talk but the things I'm
concerned about is when he goes to talk
to North Korea there are other forces
within the US government and within the
Republican Party saying we don't really
want to go to war with North Korea
there's not any oil day there's a great
number of reasons why that's a mess and
we don't want that it's some of them
just because some Republicans are not as
stupid as Trump and they realize that
millions of people would die and that's
terrible right and there is a much money
to be made there in fact if you lose
South Korea it could have started
tailspin for the world economy so when
you go to Russia you don't have to worry
about Trump in ongoing a war with Russia
okay that's not an issue when you go to
China we have so much trade with China
military is not an option at all when
you when Trump goes to Iran almost all
of his advisors will be like oh get him
show them how tough you are yeah push
him push him push him oh you got to push
the Ayatollah around and insult them and
spit on them and do whatever you either
because Bolton wants
go to war he's not National Security
Adviser a lot of the establishment wants
to go to war the neo cons want to go to
war and so you're gonna send a guy who
doesn't know what he's doing
backed up by a lot of war mongers into
that kind of a situation I hear you that
it is precarious but still a little
better than not talking to them and just
going straight to conflict which is that
seems to be their plan a right now two
easy ways for Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
