someone once said NBA superstar LeBron
James and his foundation are opening
this school in Akron
I noticed rhesus they walk I know the
trials and tribulations that they go
through because I've been there so at
this point LeBron James has done more
for education investing divorce
done more and stolen less for charity
than Donald Trump and done more for the
inner-city communities then ben Carson
some might say that Washington should
shut up in tribble yesterday the action
born self-made man yes self-made not
kylie jenner self-made you know you have
a couple hundred million to start off
with but a man who rose from the ground
up unveiled a new public school that his
charitable foundation along with the
akron school system helped build his
recent act of generosity follows a
lengthy career of charitable
contributions and working with
inner-city organizations to help at-risk
youth around the country you know all
while being arguably one of the greatest
basketball players of all time all while
supporting a family all while managing a
scandal-free career despite his life
being broadcast in front of the world
from the age of what 13 Oh while
surpassing the continued unfair and
seemingly unattainable expectations set
for him by the media LeBron's school is
set to offer free tuition free uniforms
free transportation within two miles
free breakfast lunch and snacks
guaranteed college tuition for every
student who graduates food pantry for
families GED classes and job placement
and services for parents and free
bicycles and helmets what is this guy
some kind of democratic socialist or
something look I did what LeBron James
continues to do at the time when
athletes and celebrity figures are told
by figures on the right to stay in the
lane cannot be measured by points or
records LeBron James the role model
surpasses even LeBron James the
basketball player which when you think
about it is pretty damn amazing
considering he's about as good at
basketball as I am finding a way to
wangle selfies into political
conversations but despite everything he
has done and continues to do for at-risk
youth around the country people like
Laura Ingraham will always see him as
just an athlete and try to diminish his
efforts when the reality is people like
her are simply upset that today's
greatest
role-model is a black basketball player
from Akron who came from nothing to
become one of the greatest sporting
heroes this country has produced a
stellar example of what it means to be a
great American a man who represents his
country by working to give back to those
who are less fortunate to help offer
those in his community the kind of
opportunities that didn't exist when he
was grown up to show others that with
the right work ethic and frame of mind
greatness is attainable and it's no
surprise that that same organization
that smeared James and told him to shut
up in dribble had very little to say on
his monumental efforts to uplift his
community that's right while they had
one article on his monumental efforts
they focused most of their attention on
his anti-trump rhetoric and fYI LeBron
saying Trump uses sports to divide us is
an anti-trump it's the truth he is the
guy after all who ran on a platform of
hate and called black athletes sons of
bitches but this is what they do they
ignore the efforts for people like
LeBron and Cathal Nick while glorifying
the efforts of white athletes like JJ
Watt and I see that magazine cover Neal
and I think if we want to go with the
football player Houston Texans JJ Watt
perpetrate a false narrative that black
athletes do nothing for those they are
fighting for when in reality they do
more for their community in one hour
than most politicians on both sides in
the political sphere do over the space
of a year and I'll never miss an
opportunity to bypass the unequivocal
irony of the people who voted for a
thrice-married reality TV star telling
athletes to stay out of politics but
while they turn a blind eye we will
continue to glorify the efforts of
LeBron Capitol Meg ashton kutcher chance
to raffle and countless other celebrity
figures who used a platform to help
others LeBron James is an American Hero
and if you're unabashed love for Trump
clouds your ability to see that then
it's not LeBron that Lisa stay in his
Lane it's you he needs to open your eyes
