president Trump's lawyer Rudy Giuliani
spent his morning letting you know I
mean spent a lot of time spreading this
message he wants you to know collusion
with Russia is not a crime you're saying
that Paul Manafort did not have any
power in the campaign just saying that
said he had a very discrete important
area what I'm saying is he was never
involved in intimate business
relationships with Donald Trump never
that's just four months they're not
gonna be polluting about Russians which
I'm not even know if that's a crime
colluding about Russians okay do you
mean I've been sitting here looking at
the federal code trying to find
collusion as a crime it's not collusion
is not a crime everything has been
released so far so if the president
would be absolutely anything wrong and
obviously everyone jumped all over this
so later on he had to take a little time
and try and clear it out take a listen
do you want to first start off with a
statement cuz we'd certainly want to
talk about what looked like a shift this
morning so take it away
yeah let's begin with that so what I
said today that there was no collusion
and therefore and that collusion also is
no crime I understand that at the very
beginning so John doubt it's a very very
familiar lawyers arguments that the
alternative my client didn't do it and
even if he did it it's not a crime
what you said was you wanted to correct
yourself and what we had you in two
interviews today saying what appeared to
be a shift was that you said no
collusion would not be a crime but what
you're now correcting for the record as
I understand that mr. Giuliani is that
you have said all along that there was a
no collusion and then be if there were
collusion it would not be a crime is
that correct am I getting that right
okay I feel like she's trying to hold
her composure there and it's a little
confusing yeah you force allies right
and she's actually trying to walk him
through it
right cuz Trump has said a million times
there was no collusion
Julie come Giuliani comes out and all of
a sudden goes Coolidge is not a crime
anyway people like wait so wait did you
guys collude but you're just now not
calling it a crime so he has to go back
on Fox News and have the Fox News anchor
hold his hand and be like okay now
remember Rudy what you were supposed to
say I mean of course we didn't collude
but if we had it wouldn't be a crime
anyway now was she
doesn't do because she's on fox news is
actually challenge him which is what do
you mean collusions not a crime of
course
collusion is a collective term yeah it's
a colloquial way of referring to
conspiracy or aiding and abetting so if
for example the Russians if Trump knew
the Russians were hacking in which is a
crime to the DNC emails and he aided and
abetted that that would we would
colloquially call that collusion and
prosecutors would call that aiding and
abetting a crime or conspiracy to commit
a crime and yes it is definitely illegal
so it's such a stupid stupid strategy to
say well I mean technically that word I
mean you'd have to use different words
to describe the crime oh wow that's your
big defense if he actually said if he
did it it's not a crime and I my first
thought is did Oh Jay right back what
it's such a great point that's exactly
right and so and the reason they're
saying that is obviously because they
are beginning to see the reporters have
called them with more evidence that they
did in fact collude so now they're
trying to change the story get ahead of
the story that's part of why it's so
confusing because is you're gonna see in
the second half he continues to say
things that nobody's even heard of like
he's accidentally revealing this
information that nobody had heard of and
he's like what reporters are calling us
and when a reporter calls us says we've
got this evidence he then turns to trump
his client he's like did that happen
Trump's like well if it did happen what
would we say we would say the word
collusion is not a crime okay then
that's what you should do you should go
on TV and say yes no collusion no
collusion no collusion and now it's no
collusion but if there was collusion
collusion snotty legal yeah we're gonna
leave yeah I mean look I can't beat
though Jay example you know but along
those lines like if somebody said you
killed someone and you hadn't killed
someone I don't think what are your
defenses would be if I did it it
wouldn't be a crime right
my goodness so he spent this morning
talking about a lot of things of course
he talked about Donald Trump's juniors
Donald Trump's Donald Trump juniors and
I couldn't forget the s in the right
place meeting and whether his father
knew about it sure that the president
didn't know beforehand you're saying
it's just a he said hey my god nobody
can be sure of anything
situation like this oh oh my god right
well you should be sure yeah and no no
but that also changes his story wait
let's go to that so hold on before we go
to that let I just want you guys to
understand so part of why there there's
now even more heated conversation about
collusion is the infamous Trump Tower
meeting where Don Donald Trump jr. gets
an email from a friend who says oh I've
got somebody who's close to the Russian
government
okay and they have information on
Hillary Clinton Donald Trump jr. says I
love it arranges the meeting with people
he was just told are connected to the
Russian government to get stolen goods
about their opponent okay
now that would be aiding and abetting if
he knows they are stolen and there's a
couple other things you have to put
parts that you have to prove right so
that's the collusion of people are
referring to so now there's stories out
that from Michael Cohen the Trump was
Trump senior was told about that meeting
previously Donald Trump jr. had said to
a while on the record yeah you know
during his testimony in Congress know my
dad didn't know right
so now they asked Giuliani about it and
in terms of that meeting and he's he
introduces a new thing about a second
meeting which we'll get to in a second
but there in that clip that you just saw
he's like I mean who can know who could
know if there were if people Trump now
wait what the entire time Trump he
doesn't know anything you didn't know
about that meeting at all and now
Julianna comes I mean who could know
well first of all Trump good note cuz he
either knew or didn't know about the
meeting his Lear and you're his lawyer
and you're right just last week just
last week we don't even have to go back
that far just last week he had something
different to say if the president knew
about that meeting at Trump Tower in it
if he did it matters Rudy it does it
does but it's not it's not a smoking gun
it matters
well that's not the bar but it's also
proof that he's been lying to the
American they didn't know about it I
know that I've been over this in great
detail so he just said in that clip we
just showed you from last week I've been
over this in great detail I know that he
was not told about their meeting and
then today he comes out and the first
clip goes I mean who knows if he knew or
not
amazing amazing so the our tally so far
is if he did it it's not illegal and who
knows if he knew about it believe it or
not he wasn't done he was not done
talking because for some reason Giuliani
decided to tell us about something that
he says didn't happen but that we didn't
even know about before he started
talking because of Michael Cohen now
saying that he was willing to go on the
record with Russia investigation head
Robert Muller to say that the president
knew that that meeting was going to take
place and what we heard you say today
was that the president was not at that
meeting that actually takes on a
question that had not been asked for
even suggested so why did you say that
because there are two different meetings
one of which has leaked out and the
other of which has been given to three
reporters in Jay Seco and I have been
successful I think I'm eating it back so
let me take you through it the day of
the meeting with the Russians Cohen has
said at least he's released it so we're
not even sure he said it somebody said
it formed through a report he said that
he what he was in president's office
Donald Trump jr. walked in and told them
about the Russian bid that is
categorically untrue did not happen okay
so hold on we got to break this one down
okay so they're having a conversation
about the infamous meeting where Donald
Trump jr. says something meaning I told
you about and that Jared Kushner goes to
it mana fork goes to it and the Russians
show up three different people connected
the Russian government oligarchs etc
okay so that that's the the meeting
where collusion
would have happened depends on what
happened in the meeting right but
obviously even taking a meeting okay now
who could obviously even taking a
meeting is problematic
so then Giuliani says now Trump wasn't
at that meeting and Harris Faulkner's
like nobody ever said he was wait was he
hey you're the one introducing this and
he's like and then Giuliani goes no no
there was a second meeting what nobody
had ever been talked about had ever
talked about a second meeting and so
he's like no no the second meeting was a
meeting about whether they should have
the meeting but Rudy nobody knew that
until you just said it why did you do
that because now everybody's gonna ask
the question wait was Donald Trump at
the first meeting when they were talking
about the second meeting because that
would mean that he aided and abetted and
knew about it and okayed it so a nice as
well what because they're reporters they
were gonna out it and but that's okay me
and psycho though we were successful in
beating it back except you just said it
on national television even if you were
successful in beating back to two
earlier stories that were gonna appear
in print and they haven't yet you just
outed yourself by explaining that there
was a second meeting and you notice that
they the camera was not on harris
faulkner there wasn't on the anchor it
was on a graphic in a plasma of Giuliani
and my thought is I just wanted to see
her face at what cuz can you how would
you what I mean if you're a fox news
anchor you gotta think to things like
whoa what did he just say and how can I
cover up for how do I walk this one bag
okay and he didn't make it easy because
he had more to say there wasn't another
meeting that has been leaked but hasn't
been in public yet
okay it was a meeting and I'll let you
meet it three days before according to
Colin
according to the leak maybe cold over
the druthers I don't know he says it was
a meeting with Donald a junior with
Jared Kushner with Paul Manafort with
gates possibly two others in which they
out of the presence of the president
discussed the meeting with the Russians
we checked with their lawyers the ones
we could check with which was for the
steaks that meeting never ever took
place
it didn't happen it's a figment of his
imagination or is lying so that's
hopefully set the record straight well I
let me just ask it this way so you've
told us about two meetings there was one
that the public knows about which when
you talk about a meeting and you say
that the president wasn't there that's
the one that everybody would assume that
we're all on the same page about but
what you're saying now is that there was
another meeting that was leaked that has
not been made public and I would assume
until now really described by you Rudy
Giuliani in detail that happened three
days prior that had Don jr. Jared
Kushner Paul Manafort gates and possibly
two others and that's the meeting that
Michael Cohen says the president was not
or the president knew about ahead of
time but you say the president was not
there no Cohen is not alleging I look I
don't know what have you done what have
you done and so at this point if you can
imagine if one person there would be ten
people in the room if they happened here
cuz everyone it's like wait whoa whoa I
have questions it's too much and so
that's exactly what happened there now
her co-anchor has to jump in because
this is unbelievable and the question is
not only why are you telling us this but
it's also why do you keep saying he
wasn't there when nobody said that in
the first place
Melissa Francis and I just want to jump
in I don't think any of that really
addresses the question of why you would
say he wasn't at the meeting no why are
you saying that the president wasn't at
the meeting I understand those two
meetings that you just said out there
but that doesn't explain where you're
saying last if he was there
no one asked he was there Owen is
alleging as a meeting took place we are
making it clear that the president was
not at that meeting Cohen doesn't even
allege that to cut it off okay now look
alright look if there was a meeting
where crimes are committed
the president was definitely not there
what but there wasn't a meeting and and
and if and the president definitely
wasn't there okay if you say so okay now
look look first of all let me be fair
another Fox News anchors stated the best
they could I mean they were just as
don't found it as anybody would be and
they were trying to get information
about the non meeting that the president
wasn't at okay so they did the best they
could in that context okay now be fair
to Rudy Giuliani believe it or not
everybody's blaming Rudy but they always
blame what whichever spokesperson Trump
sends out there it's not them it's Trump
Trump is telling him now he had two very
professional warriors that were working
on his case they left people like say
well you know they don't want to make a
big deal out of that I don't know if
they're trying not to be rude I don't
know what there's a thing you know
that's a big deal the two professionals
he had have left the building because
they're like this guy my guess is that
they thought this guy is incredibly
stupid and incredibly guilty I'm going
to turn down representing the President
of the United States which would
obviously make my career because my
client is out of control so instead he
brought in clowns like Giuliani who are
political people and they're like what
do you want me to say oh let's go out
there and say the meeting didn't happen
mr. president are you sure because
nobody knows about the meeting yeah of
course I'm sure what do you mean am I
sure go out there and do it Rudy okay so
Rudy goes out there and he's like now I
look too pretty though meaning you don't
know about the Trump wasn't at now you
know about it but he wasn't there and
then everybody's like Rudy's crazy yeah
Rudy is crazy yes Rudy is stupid but
he's following orders from a guy who's
even crazier and dumber than him I my
whole thought process through this
entire thing was I it's the first time I
had ever even asked this and I thought
that that was fascinating but why are
you even talking
why are you agreeing to interviews i J
realize and that's weird that I had
never even thought that before but I
realized today then this is not a good
no no lawyer in the right mind thinks
it's a good idea to litigate this in the
public because you will accidentally you
might accidentally incriminate yourself
not incredibly careful so why is he
doing this because there's a guy in the
White House who's obsessed with TV and
propaganda so he's if it doesn't happen
on TV he feels like he didn't happen so
Rudy get out there get out there tongue
my side of the story now remember
everybody that meeting I was at it was I
wasn't there and there was no meeting
okay Rudy go tell them that this play
when they get back together and they're
there having a coach I know that too oh
yeah Rudy you botched it but mr.
president I did everything you told me
to do do it differently next time and
it's your fault
okay because he never says
responsibility he's fired people over
and over for doing exactly what he told
them to do this is this a turning point
though that gets him that gets Giuliani
on his bad side pieces with you know
yeah this is a great question Brooke and
I don't think not yet hole okay okay but
I did think today as I was reading this
at some point he's gonna throw out
Giuliani as well because that's what he
does to everybody that's what he did to
Michael Cohen that's why Michael cones
flipped on him that's why he's this yeah
it's exactly and and if he throws out
Giuliani then that's it it's over okay
he's got no one left there's no allies
left any if you burn everyone to the
ground including Michael Cohen who was
your lawyer and your fixer people who
don't do illegal stuff don't need fixers
okay and here's what you shouldn't do
burn your fixer you moron but what did I
tell you guys from day one the number
one thing that people underestimate is
how stupid Donald Trump is that's why
he's not gonna serve the four years he's
gonna get caught because he's not
remotely smart enough to cover it up too
easy wasteful Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're at uoit subscribe
and second is ring the bell and when you
do that on YouTube you're notified of
our videos
