so CNN's Jake Tapper seemed to take
issue with a video going around the web
of former President Barack Obama and his
wife Michelle Obama dancing along at a
concert in the DC area at a jay-z and
Beyonce concert so you see them in the
video dancing gum in a box to one of
jay-z's hit songs and tapper retweeted a
video of them dancing and added this the
Democratic Party is the weakest it's
been since the 1920s but and then he had
a kind of a shrug emoji and a lot of
people are taking issue with this tweet
yeah I am NOT among them but so you tell
me what the issues are and then we'll
discuss okay so let's just show you this
tweet this is just one of the tweets
that I grabs in response that there are
a lot of responses under Thomas tweet
one pointing out you know if you retire
from CNN will you come back every day to
make sure that they are fair and
balanced
this one says based on media reports by
Jake Tapper and Sean Hannity Barack
Obama has ruined America and the
democratic party by wearing a tan suit
and going to a Beyonce and jay-z concert
and to think I thought he brought back
our economy from Bush okay
so let's separate out the issues one by
one okay number one the Obamas are
dancing okay not guilty yes they can go
to concerts although I will put a caveat
on that that is probably my most
controversial point okay so I don't want
people to over focus on it I want to get
to the real substance in a second but I
think that they should be a little bit
more careful in tough times and under
Trump of taking the pictures on the
yacht and all the pictures where they
look so glamorous and and like royalty
so I love that if we're gonna have
royalty in this country we finally have
a black family in the royalty that's
great news for all Americans who want to
be more inclusive but I don't want
royalty in the country especially in
tough times so I'm not saying they can't
go on a yacht they're incredibly wealthy
and and if you say hey people critici--
hey did you criticize the Clintons on a
yacht yes
did you criticize their problems in it
we just did a whole story out of Betsy
DeVos and yacht
yes okay so so I think that a little bit
more walking boots that he promised the
Obama promised that if the unions that
were ever gonna get their collective
bargaining challenge he's gonna put his
walking boots on he never put him on as
president and he still hasn't put them
on so I'm just I'm actually trying to
look out for him in a sense watch the
optics right but just dancing at a
concert is nothing okay overall but the
other parts I think are indisputably
true the Democratic Party pretty much
collapsed under Obama now you could say
hey there were other factors and you'd
be right but it was he one of the
factors I would argue yes so first let's
talk about the collapse because that's
not an argument that's a fact
and then what you're talking about why
so what is the collapse they lost a
thousand over a thousand seats at the
federal and state level yeah I have this
at peace because they think it seems
that tappers tweet is in response to
something his colleagues said Fareed
Zakaria said last month when you tally
up their representation in Congress and
governorships the Democrats almost have
their lowest representation in years in
100 years yes and that is true it's true
yes PolitiFact has confirmed that he
says we should here let me give you more
numbers during Obama's tenure the
Democrats the state and federal level
lost 1042 seats that's unbelievable
they lost 958 state seats their
proportion in the Denver in the Senate
fell from 55 to 46 so they lost the
federate they lost the US House their
seats went from 256 to 194 they're the
Democratic governor ships were at 28 now
they're at 16 and of course they
famously lost the White House to Donald
Trump let alone the Supreme Court so
that record is almost as bad as it could
possibly be so that's a reality now the
question is how much is it Obama's fault
so all right before I get into all my
thoughts on that I'm curious what you
think I think that listen you don't have
to like your president but I think we do
have to be honest on
the type of not even political but the
type of abuse that this man received
from the public a lot of just overt
racism a lot of ridiculous I mean they
called his wife his journalist called
his wife his baby mama said she looked
like a man mayor's local mayor's were
you know sending out emails of
watermelons growing on the White House
front lawn and now I do think I just
haven't seen this I didn't see a call
this dramatic of a call from Bill people
we're almost like okay no please be
quiet
and from the first President Bush to
speak out come be a part you should be
talking you should be endorsing
candidates more you should be doing this
you should be doing that and maybe they
should I just feel like it is a lot
stronger
right now there's almost this
responsibility post presidency yeah that
people are laying on President Obama
that I hadn't seen before and you
balance it out with the abuse that some
of those same people were throwing at
him and it seems I mean he's so I agree
with 90% of that I think that that that
I'll explain the 10 percent in a second
but so it's really important to
understand the context of the Obama
criticism is it coming from the left or
is it coming from the right that makes a
giant difference first of all on whether
it's factual or not right so for example
the one that sticks out at me I mean
there's hundreds of examples of just in
the racist category that we covered
while he was president and we fought
back against all of that and Fox News
launched a thousand of those ships and
so the right wing blogs etc but the one
I remember most is Dinesh D'Souza
taking a picture of Obama using a selfie
stick in the Oval Office and saying
something to the effect of you know you
can't take the boy out of the hood okay
Oh or out of the ghetto he said what
first of all Obama didn't grow up in a
ghetto okay second about what selfie
stick he's like well that debates the
White House are you kidding me with what
Donald Trump has done right but they
have no shame so there is a portion of
people who criticize Obama that come
with terrible intent whether it's racial
or just political right they want to
destroy Obama they criticize him for
once saluting while he had a coffee cup
in his hand
and then Trump goes uh supports a North
Korean general which he's never supposed
to do right everything you say about
Obama
I can find you a thousand times worse
with Donald Trump somebody tweeted at me
today oh yeah Obama's any kind economic
illiterate are you kidding great right
Trump is illiterate in every way
imaginable and the problem with Obama
isn't it he isn't smart enough he he is
he's got every qualification he's
brilliant in in in that sense that is
not remotely this you I'll get to the
issue in a second all right so there's
been so much illegitimate criticism of
Obama that I don't blame people for
reflexively defending him after all
those FoxNews attacks and all those
unfair attacks okay so but the the fair
criticism of Obama is he didn't fight
for progressives he oftentimes would
accept Republican framing of an issue
and then proceed forward so we never got
a like you know what Trump does so he's
a maniac in every other way but he
fights for his maniac base right we did
a wall I'm gonna shut down the
government if we don't have a wall do I
want Obama to be a maniac like Trump no
but I wanted him to be a fighter for us
and I wanted him to be strong but with
facts we have plenty of facts on their
side we have the polling on our side I
mean look at even the Affordable Care
Act wasn't an improvement yes but was it
the Heritage Foundation plan and the
Mitt Romney plan it was that's a fact
right so you can say hey I'll start
there but as you know a Democratic
president with a supermajority for a
brief period of time I will add things
like the public option it wasn't too
much to ask for I was there and I and
all progressives wanted a public option
and Obama didn't add it because
Lieberman and the Republicans objected
and every time he had an opportunity to
fight for progressives in my opinion he
turned it down and he tried to
compromise with Republicans over and
over again so what happened it was weak
sauce it was so when you don't make your
case and the other side does so super
aggressively it should not be surprising
that you lost a thousand seats there was
also the money in politics there was
also the Koch brothers there was also
the timing all those things are real and
they are real fact is it's not just
Obama's fault that would be preposterous
right but if you say no Obama is a saint
and he shouldn't be blamed for anything
it was all outside factors and it was
the weather but it was definitely not
Obama then I don't agree with you it was
partly Obama two easy ways for the Young
Turks one is hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
