hey guys before we jump into our next
story I wanted to share how you can
start protecting yourself on the web for
77% off just by going to Nord VPN comm
slash tyt or by using the code tyt noir
VPN is the only VPN service to receive a
perfect score from PC Mag and allow six
devices to be protected
simultaneously browse the web with no
limits and take 77% off when you sign up
at Nord VPN comm slash tyt or use the
code tyt LeBron James is doing something
big today it's a partnership with the
LeBron James Family Foundation and Akron
Public Schools they opened a new
elementary school for 240 at-risk
children in his hometown it's called the
I promise school and I want to just um
just put together this little graphic
just to show you some things about the
school it's only third and fourth
graders and that's important because
when LeBron was in fourth grade he
missed I think 83 days in school yep
because before he was eight years old he
had moved ten times and a local family
the walkers helped his mother out they
took him in for about a year and a half
and got him on track so he wants to
essentially do the same thing selected
students are underperforming in reading
math or other essential academic areas
it's a stem based hands-on program
longer school day and school year I
think they go from nine to five and from
July through May and that's obviously
because of the Summer Slide not to
mention a lot of these kids don't eat
very often during the summer days when
they're not in school um free tuition to
the University of Akron for kids who
complete the program that's amazing it
also includes a program for students
parents to complete their high school
education and the goal is for 1,200 kids
to pass the program and get into college
by 2029 and there's some other stuff
that I didn't get to put in the graphic
but that I found he's getting each kid a
bike because he says the bike is how he
got through some of the rough parts of
town uh-huh when he was growing up daily
breakfast with their teachers because
that's an issue in a lot of at-risk kids
they don't eat breakfast they only eat
lunch and they get daily breakfast lunch
and a snack there are services to help
kids deal with stress related to parents
who are struggling to make ends meet
activities for the parents including job
placement assistance and on-site food
bank so parents can come and pick out
food and prepare it at home
and then there are extra activities to
prevent kids from having too much idle
time and of course getting into trouble
and this is not a private school this is
not a charter school this is a public
school part of the Akron School District
yeah no this is phenomenal and so first
off there's some people on the right
wing who just don't understand the
plight of the poor at all right right
whether they're working poor or
otherwise so rush limbaugh would make
fun of the poor by saying they're hungry
why don't they just go to the
refrigerator
he literally said that and they don't
understand that $7.25 equals that's the
minimum federal minimum wage equals
fifteen thousand dollars for a whole
years of work so that's why a lot of the
parents can't afford lunch for their
kids which is heartbreaking if you're a
parent and that's why you have the
school lunch program not because they
are these bums want free handouts no
they don't have money for lunch they
also don't have money for breakfast
that's why LeBrons you know providing
breakfast in this case and you want to
talk about handouts that you just did a
two trillion dollar handout to the rich
right in your tax cuts so let's
understand that so and look LeBron
turned around according to his his story
between fourth and fifth grade and and
so he missed all those days as Brooke
told you about fifth grade perfect
attendance right and and so he knows
that that is a moment in time where it
can make a big big difference you know
you need a structure you need that you
need the stress relief and you need an
environment where you're you're eating
on time and where you're constantly busy
with appropriate things and so there's
so many things I could relate to in this
in fourth grade a teacher believed in me
mrs. Rosenberg thank you I appreciate it
and took me from the lowest reading
group that we had to the top reading
group and it turns out it was just
because I was learning the language I'd
come over in third grade and she got
past that and she saw that I had
potential and so I you know that
sometimes that right around that age
it's critical makes a big difference now
this is absurd but the other thing I can
relate to is if I don't have enough to
eat I will not remember anything on the
show okay
lose all concentration etc but it's
hitting a size know
it's no of course if you don't have
anything to eat in your kid you lose
constant you don't eat breakfast it
ruins your school day yeah so but the
the main thing I wanted to say about
this story is it I think all decent
people understand what a wonderful thing
it is that LeBron James is doing here
but he shouldn't have to the government
should actually protect its own citizens
and should look out for us it doesn't
mean that that you get equality of
results you're not gonna take the kids
from Akron and give them all yachts
right it just means the bare minimum
which by the way is cops and firemen we
do that in that case right we're gonna
let your house burn down right we're not
going to theoretically have cops to
protect you sometimes doesn't work out
that way in Ohio okay and in Cleveland
especially but but those are the bare
minimums but yes an education for kids
is the bare minimum and that's what
public schools should do so all these
things that LeBron did and including the
free college education to Akron to the
college right yeah there's a program
college for all Bernie Sanders pushes it
and it's because it would make a giant
giant difference and it is actually not
that expensive
we should not rely on the mercy of the
rich to provide this the government is
supposed to look out for all of us if we
had a functioning democracy you wouldn't
need LeBron to do this and you know what
you're right we should not have to
depend on the mercy of the rich to
provide this but when the rich are
willing to do this which you don't do is
tell him to shut up and play yes so what
you do is applaud them for actually
caring about their fellow human beings
he doesn't have to he could just get
holed up in his mansion and have the
time of his life but instead he goes out
there and tries to help other people
that's what decent people do to easy
ways for the Young Turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
