Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to T y-t-dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts
there's been an uncomfortable add it's
uncomfortable for me at least by
representative Rhonda Sansa's from
Florida I don't want to say too much
about it I want you to be also be
uncomfortable watching it so let's just
take off everyone knows my husband Ron
DeSantis is endorsed by President Trump
but he's also an amazing dad Ron loves
playing with the kids build the wall
he reads stories then mr. Trump said
you're fired
I love that part he's teaching Madison
to talk make America great again
people say Ron's all Trump but he is so
much more
big-league so good I just thought you
should know my husband's a great dad
he teaches our children how to build
walls and to hate the others ok so
there's so much I love about that ad my
favorite part is record-shattering
ass-kissing going on in that ad but I'm
gonna get to that at the end I like how
they're teaching their kids a couple of
things as an appointed out you build a
wall cuz the others are scary okay
remember little child you must fear and
hate the others make sure they're on the
other side of the wall okay because
they're coming for you well that is how
you train a little conservative right
fear fear fear and others but the other
part that I found amazing and which they
take for granted is that mr. Trump says
you're fired
I love that part then there's something
wrong with you yeah yeah like I look
people get fired it happens it's not
something you should enjoy celebrate
right I mean it should be heart
wrenching gut wrenching but since
they're so vicious they even like it's
in that that's his ad he paid for that
ad yeah okay little baby let me tell you
how fun it is the fire people oh god
they're so terrible okay now what's the
whole point of this hat the point of
this ad is
Oh Oh where's Donald Trump's buttocks I
got to get in there I got to get in
there
I gotta kiss it I got to do something
else oh please please take my all my
bananas so dad starts with I didn't
think I could get more uncomfortable I
did it I did it you're welcome okay the
ad starts with everyone knows my husband
for love loving Donald Trump and
everybody knows how much he supports
Donald Trump no they didn't they didn't
know that the whole point of that ad is
so that they do know that you're doing
the ad so you could say please please
please I'll do anything Donald Trump
tells me to do okay
later in the head he does the big league
oh you're so embarrassed big leaves and
is a real word by the way but of course
as with everything with Trump sometimes
he says big league sometimes he says big
Lee I don't know if he knows the
difference I don't know anyway but it's
an absurd thing that he says the only
thing that was missing from the had was
coffee and remember a little Johnny or
whatever you were okay that what there's
a secret code word kofi fate it actually
meant something and it was really smart
hey that's the only way I think that it
could get more embarrassing it was
almost like a Sacha Baron Cohen skit but
an actual ad okay so this is the state
of the Republican Party I can kiss the
hole Trump's ass better than you can and
congratulations and it seems as though
Trump isn't the only person who is
taking Fox News's lead in in governing
or running campaigns Fox News has been
urging Republican lawmakers to do
exactly what you just mentioned jank be
incredibly complimentary toward Trump
and essentially campaign not on issues
not on policy but on how much they love
Trump let's give you an example of what
Fox and Friends recently said just a
finger I mean look at the two
significant races we've talked about one
was Martha Roby and Alabama Martha Roby
was critical of President Trump as he
came into 2016 she came around sort of
supporting the administration every
since
now the president wing in change
game-changer in Alabama Martha Roby
getting a nomination and then in Georgia
I've got Brian Kim knocking out a
lieutenant governor Cagle who was all
but a shoo-in until President Trump
weighed in and gave his in why well
because they realized that they if they
move closer to the president a lot of
people are liking some of his policies
and things that are happening in this
country and so if you're looking at
those numbers and you are running as a
Republican for for Congress or for
Senate you probably want to associate
associate yourself I mean a lot of it
depends on where you live and what the
local politics are but in large part I
would say siding with the president on
some of these issues this might benefit
you and it's a wake up call if you are a
candidate out there and you are on the
fence you may want to consider
supporting even more aggressively 88 to
90 percent support amongst Republicans
for this president if you're running for
office and running away from this
president in a Republican primary you're
in a bad bad spot yeah I don't know
anyone who looks more like a frat boy
than hexxit but put that aside for a
second that is the fun observation but
he's actually it's a rare search where
he's right in Republican primaries if
you're running away from Trump you run
away from your career and Matt and Mark
Sanford a South Carolina lost cuz he
tweaked Trump a couple of times that's
it
he deeply right-wing he had done all
sorts of terrible things and the voters
didn't care they put him back into
office but you said couple of things
that were slightly off about Trump
you're gone gone throw them off the
cliff right I mean you went to about a
witch hunt right so any Republican that
it doesn't live up Donald Trump's ass is
targeted for destruction so that's why
they do these deeply embarrassing ads
like this but the part that they're
massively wrong about is general
elections so I know they think Oh Trump
won Florida now the guys pulling at 38%
he's a mess and he's not pulling well in
almost any of these states so this whole
idea of run towards Trump in the general
election it's going to come back to bite
him look it would right now if things
were frozen right now it would hurt him
a lot yes including in Florida but the
they're not going to stop now it appears
that there is really really damaging
information about Trump that is going to
come out imminently the Trump team in
Giuliani are an absolute panic you sure
you want to run a heads talking about
big league and everybody knows what the
sadness is in love with Donald Trump in
fact he looked my husband loved stroke
more than he loves me okay be careful
what you wish for those ads might come
back at you during the general election
two easy ways follow Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
