I really thought we were putting this
Millennials are garbage concept of bed
well Millennials are burning out and
they're quitting their lucrative jobs
apparently because they just can't
handle adult life every couple of months
a firm will come out with a new survey
about Millennials that then gets
plastered all over the media industrial
complex says boomer clickbait with
mostly misinterpreted results as
millennial I personally like the genre
which includes some of our greatest hits
like Millennials can't buy homes because
they're buying avocado toast and others
blaming Millennials for killing sales of
Diamonds napkins beer and restaurant
chains what one survey shows 43%
Millennials plan to quit their jobs
after just two years this is one of the
findings of the latest Deloitte
millennial and Gen Z survey which these
two almost Millennials definitely didn't
actually read because you allow me to
come here like five days a week like
eight hours a day so what happened to
this generations work ethic is that what
it is dude it's a lack of work ethic
because the survey addresses why forty
three percent of Millennials quit their
jobs after two years and you'd know why
if you read it Peak boomer genex irony
is blaming those younger than you for
having no work ethic when you're too
lazy to even read the study you're
citing here Deloitte even made a little
video for you first positive perceptions
of business are declining shocking it's
almost like in study after study
Millennials keep telling you that
businesses are not behaving ethically
and their success should be measured by
more than just financial performance yes
but that would require you to engage in
some reading comprehension or at least
bring on a millennial oh wait you did
bring on a millennial it's this guy this
story just like with my grandkids is
about maturity and these kids are
immature they're letting their feelings
and their emotions run their lives
I like the Fox isn't even running on the
usual skill gap conversation anymore
they literally just had this granddad on
to say that feelings and emotions are
the reasons Millennials are so lazy it
has nothing to do with the alienation
brought on by living in a hyper
capitalist hell world where labor does
not serve the collective good but simply
functions as a disposable commodity to
be traded out it certainly can't have
anything to do with the fact that
despite the unimaginable productivity
growth that's been driven by the
internet and other technological
advancements we're still forced to work
or seven for wages that remain stagnant
I mean this study wouldn't even mention
that though probably good pay and
positive cultures attract them but
diversity and flexibility are important
to keeping them happy the majority of
Millennials are upset that corporations
only care about profits and get this
they want employers to share the wealth
provide good jobs and enhance workers
lives but wait a minute this moustache
granddad said it was feelings and
immaturity so mature people don't do
that we're about commitment
responsibility when you give your word
you keep it and that's what taking a job
is all about when you give your word
that you're gonna show up and you work
you keep it right because companies are
always true to their word especially
when it comes to engaging with workers
which is why employers never demand that
you work overtime for no extra pay or
steal employee's wages and they never
lay anyone off just to squeeze out a
nice little tidy profit or when they
said they'd increase wages after the
sexy-ass tax cuts they got but instead
gave the money to their executives
everyone please stop listening to these
idiotic bootlickers who have no
interested informing you whatsoever
instead listen to people like myself and
share this video with your friends
please don't forget to leave your
thoughts in the comment section below
and also download the TYT app for more
videos like this i'm a psalm piker and
this has been the breakdown
