just last week Attorney General Jeff
Sessions spoke at a four-day conference
hosted by Turning Point USA a
conservative Trump aligned propaganda
organization that aggressively pushes
the right-wing agenda on high school and
college campuses in his speech sessions
attacked the country's universities by
saying their coddling students and
creating a generation of snowflakes
sensitive snowflakes he also went after
trigger warnings which are meant to
notify students of traumatic subject
matters including rape or sexual assault
while I agree that trigger warnings can
be overused especially in a college
setting where you're supposed to have
your opinion challenged trigger warnings
for victims of rape show common decency
and compassion for people who have gone
through something truly traumatic while
researching turning-point USA I came
across too much to cover in one show as
a result I along with my producers at no
filter have decided to share our
findings in a multi-part series today we
will specifically focus on how
turning-point seeks to intimidate
professors and destroy academic freedom
all under the facade of free speech in
late 2016 turning-point started a
website called professor watchlist in an
effort to target and shame left-leaning
professors similar to what you'd find in
a sex offender registry except these are
just educators who have opinions that
differ from the right-wing zealots who
fund and operate turning-point USA those
who run the organization go after
professors with the veneer of protecting
conservatives who they argue are the
real disenfranchised minorities on
college campuses look to be clear if
there were legitimately a concerted
effort to discriminate against or hinder
the voices of conservative students it
would be absolutely outrageous but
that's not what's happening here at all
Matt lamb the director of constitutional
enforcement and transparency at
turning-point says conservative thinking
students often feel like they have to
hide their political opinions he says
many of the professor's on the watch
list allegedly tried to silence
conservative students in their
classrooms but most of the educators on
the list have not been proven guilty of
silencing conservative students
or discriminating against them at all
and the sourcing that the site provides
for so-called evidence usually leads to
a non news right-wing organization like
Breitbart according to Voice of America
which wrote a lengthy piece on the
watchlist most of the professor's on the
list are reported as having talked
written or taught about subjects related
to the progressive movement this
includes support for gun control laws
the idea that human activities are to
blame for climate change and criticism
of the free-market system so in essence
all one needs to do is publish anything
that can be labeled progressive and
turning-point USA will retaliate by
including them on a list complete with
personal details unsurprisingly this
often leads to intense harassment toward
the professor's and lamb doesn't deny
this VOA news continues to write that
quote the website lists some professors
because of opinion pieces they wrote for
newspapers or comments left on social
media and here's what Connor Lam said if
they didn't want their beliefs to be
made public they should not speak about
them publicly
so these free speech Crusaders really
don't care about free speech at all like
let's just keep it real some of you
might know that I also teach at a
university level and it's simply the
best thing I do in my career it doesn't
pay well it's a lot of work but engaging
with students fulfills me more than
words can describe I understand the
importance of encouraging free thought
and open dialogue in an educational
setting and I do my best to keep my own
political opinions outside of the
classroom but no one can evaluate my
performance in front of a classroom
based on how I exercise my free speech
off campus going after professors simply
because they have a political opinion
demonstrates a disgusting level of
intolerance that turning point USA an
ironic Lee accuses progressives of
they're the ones attempting to destroy
free speech and this has led to
consequences for educators CBS Chicago
highlights the story of one professor
who's been targeted this DePaul
University administrator made the list
he says unfairly I would be willing to
put my interactions with any student
regardless of their views under
a microscope and and and I'm proud of
the way that I interact with every
student Ryan says he won't be
intimidated but is concerned after being
labeled a radical and terrorist
sympathizer for someone to come who
doesn't know me and to say that I
sympathetic to those groups or I support
those groups is it's really a obscene
and offensive many people took that as
an opportunity to harass me and to
threaten me and do all kinds of other
things and guess what that's not the
only professor who's had to deal with
conservative mobs attacking him due to
turning points deceptive watch lists
a California professor on the list got
death threats after she was critical of
trumps election a Princeton professor
received death threats after saying the
president Trump is a racist sexist
Middler maniac there's an entire cottage
industry for reporting on controversial
things that faculty members say which
then riles up internet outrage mobs who
then try and get schools to get rid of
people who they disagree with in the
last year more than a hundred incidents
of targeted harassment against
professors have been reported on college
campuses I specifically wanted to
highlight the story about psych
psychology professor Johnny Williams
from Trinity College listen carefully as
he explains why he's been targeted by
turning-point USA and how its led to
threats toward him and his wife we're
talking about death threats people
calling for me to be shot lynched they
call for my wife to be raped and my kids
to be shot in the head at Trinity
College in Connecticut sociology
professor dr. Johnny Williams has also
been a target my god
yeah the threats came after he shared an
article using the hashtag let them
effing die I was only quoting a article
that hadn't a title let them elfing died
he wasn't talked about all white people
he was saying what if racial bigots what
if we ignored them and let them die
what's fascinating to me is that
professor Williams let them die tweet
sounded extremely familiar to me let's
see why is that oh yeah it's because
Kandace Owens the director of urban
engagement at Turning Point USA
use the exact same language toward the
Tea Party before she was paid to have a
conservative political awakening in fact
she was the CEO and writer for a
publication called degree 180 which
mocked conservatives and Donald Trump's
penis sized throughout the 2016 election
according to BuzzFeed news in a 2015
column for the site lambasted
conservative Republicans Owens wrote
that it was quote good news that the
Republican Tea Party will eventually die
off peacefully in their sleep we hope
does the founder and CEO of Turning
Point USA care if professors and their
families are getting death threats I
don't know why don't we hear what he has
to say some of these professors have
gotten death threats as a result of
being outed on these websites do you see
that the watchlist has responsibility
for that I don't have sympathy for
people that are in public life that say
these sort of statements and then try
and play the victim card what's
incredible is how Turning Point USA goes
out of its way to attack students who
call for safe spaces on college campuses
and then demand safe spaces themselves
so I'll give you an example take a look
at how they ridicule students as babies
and snowflakes and even host events with
the sole purpose of mocking them but
when it comes to defending their
professor watchlist
they argue that conservative students
need to be sheltered and insulated from
their professors off campus political
expressions so just listen to how Fox
News defense Turning Point USA after an
NYU professor was included on
turning-point USA's watchlist because he
criticized Trump on Twitter
that there is a voice for people who are
supportive of Donald Trump and that
overall the educators that you work with
are open to having an honest open debate
in the classroom and that students who
support Donald Trump will not be
ostracized is that true at NYU certainly
certainly welcome in my classroom I
can't speak for all the others I'm
banana but in my classroom I want to
hear all points of view and look the
point of teaching is to teach students
how to engage in a debate don't be that
way fight argue make an orange but
here I want to hear their teacher say
things like you have said in your tweets
I mean they're not gonna feel like
that's an open environment where they
can come in and speak their mind that is
amazing
conservatives can't have their cake and
eat it too if they want college campuses
that celebrate free speech and diversity
of opinion I'm in complete agreement
with them but they can't simultaneously
silence the political expression of
professors they disagree with charlie
Kirk the head of turning-point USA has
no interest in hearing varying political
viewpoints it became very clear to me
last year when he moderated a panel I
participated in at politican as a
moderator he decided that shouting me
down and not letting me finish my points
was the perfect way to demonstrate how
much he values free speech back in 2009
Bank of America paid nothing in federal
income taxes in fact they got a tax
rebate okay
there's a little bit of math for you so
how many of you here paid federal income
taxes probably all of you right I paid
federal I don't talk about why do
wealthy babe get away with getting a tax
refund while we pay our fair share of
taxes so guess why we have a tax code
that works that way it's because of the
right wing guess what
poulsen as the Treasury secretary don't
the left-wing Obama put Goldman Sachs in
charge of his Treasury secretary don't
you dare try and say it's the right way
don't you dare try and say that oh and
by the way I agree with you a right-wing
those let me says let me finish ok I'm
talking you're the moderator dude yeah
yeah that's the guy who thinks it's a
good idea to run around as a modern-day
McCarthy who targets our educators based
on inaccurate reporting by right-wing
propaganda sites like Breitbart it's
pathetic and it's unacceptable hey
everyone I hope you enjoyed my show no
filter and I actually film it every
single Monday at 1:30 Pacific 4:30
Eastern so you can check it out live on
YouTube TV just search for TYT networks
youtube TV channel or you can check it
out in podcast form on itunes later
thank you so much for watching and don't
forget to check me out on no filter
