all right I've been getting some
questions online about hey why are for
example just Democrats supporting some
candidates that are for example white
males instead of fill in the blank
Native American african-american Latino
woman etc etc now this is super ironic
because when Justice emma-crats started
a little over fifty percent of the
candidates we had were women and
criticism was you guys support women
over men you discriminate against men
now the criticism is the reverse so
here's a real answer
it's neither we pick based on policy
okay and I know that that's shocking to
people look this is not right wing
versus left wing as much as it is
establishment Democrats versus
progressives the establishment Democrats
unfortunately do play identity politics
they go what what what have we found a
Wall Street banker whose Native American
what's the big deal we found someone who
used to work for Trump and it was a
Republican and switched over three days
ago but he's Latino yet that's not
interesting the question is what's their
policy positions so to the initial
criticism of the just Democrats being
about fifty two percent female two
candidates that's as close to the actual
percentage of the population as you
could possibly get that is not a weird
state of affairs that is left-wing
versus right wing right wing thinks what
do you mean all the candidates should of
course be males so if you have half
happier candidates as females which is
the exact percentage of their populate
in the population you must be trying to
pick females no we're picking based on
policy we just don't discriminate and
guess what you actually get a lot of
women you get a lot of minorities etc
because it just represents America but
we're not picking based on that picking
based on what is the policy and hence
why this absurd criticism from the
establishment Democrats now well we have
someone in the race that checks off the
racial or gender boxes and you guys
still worried about policy yes yes we
are
that's right guilty as charged
we actually pick based on real relevant
factors who's gonna help their community
who's gonna help their their fellow
American and that is not based on their
race it is not based on their gender it
is based on are they going to deliver
for the entire community by the way guys
who are happy to be in the white male
category but that actually fight for
Latinos and blacks and women Bay and
have the policy positions that would
support them the most or great they
actually help those communities and and
and minority candidates who actually
have been in the community and that's
why they were picked to be just
Democrats in the first place
who are already helping the whole
community they don't actually think like
oh I'm only going to help black people
or I'm only gonna help Latinas no they
think how do I help the whole community
that's why they were picked in the first
place and so can they represent the
entire community and not just their
specific race or gender of course
because they actually care to do the
right thing so that's why it's so
frustrating when either establishment
Democrats or the media play identity
politics while pretending that we do and
then criticize us for not playing it it
makes no sense at all so there's
wonderful candidates like alexandria
casio cortez and brent welder and khan
yellow egg and cory bush and and it's
and it's great that they're diverse but
that diversity came naturally because
those were the people that were fighting
hardest in those communities for those
communities and we say those communities
we don't mean based on gender or race we
mean the entire community so if you're
wondering how the candidates are picked
they're based on policy and I know that
that drives by the way including the
media crazy they just literally don't
understand it they're like but why but
that seems so honest yes because we
actually want higher wages for people we
want economic dignity we want Medicare
for all and by the way that is none of
those things are far left positions
every one of those polls at 60% are
better including a pathway to
citizenship including college for all
the Social Security and Medicare poll
over 70 over 80
we are with the American people we we
agree with them and that is how we make
those selections so I don't I'm not
interested in any criticism of any
candidate based on their race or gender
whether it is a minority and you've got
a right-wing complaint about oh well
you're picking based on race or gender
it's absolutely not true and and your
assumption that everybody needs to be
white males
otherwise this affirmative action is
preposterous and totally wrong or
whether it's establishment Democrats who
say wait look man as long as I got the
identity checked off I can give you a
goldman sachs banker i can give you one
who takes nothing but donor money and
you should just swallow it
No Deal policy what is what matters most
