so Russian hackers are once again
targeting American elections this time
in the midterms according to the Daily
Beast forensic analysis and Microsoft
the Russian Intelligence Agency
GRU has tried to attack the re-election
campaign of Democratic Senator Claire
McCaskill the attempt against
McCaskill's office was a variant of the
password stealing technique used by
Russia's so-called fancy bear hackers
against Clinton's campaign chairman John
Podesta in 2016 backers sent forged
notification emails to Senate targets
claiming the targets Microsoft Exchange
password had expired and instructing
them to changing if the target clicked
on the link here she was taken to a
convincing replica of the US Senate's
Active Directory Federation services a
DFC login page a single sign-on point
for email and other services right so
this is just a standard phishing email
change her password my mom calls me
about it all the time The Daily Beast
found this out while investigating
statements made by Microsoft VP Tom Burt
last week in an appearance at the Aspen
Security Forum in which he said we did
discover that a fake Microsoft domain
had been established as the landing page
for phishing attacks and we saw metadata
that suggested those phishing attacks
were being directed at three candidates
who are all standing for elections in
the midterms we know about one Claire
McCaskill of Missouri Democratic senator
of course we can only assume the other
two are also well we don't yet fair
so in October this is more about
Microsoft they've rested control of one
of the spoof web site addresses a DFC
dot senate.gov
info seizing the russians malicious
domain names has been easy for Microsoft
since August 2017 would have been
helpful year earlier when a federal
judge in Virginia issued a permanent
injunction against the GRU hackers after
Microsoft successfully sued them as
unnamed John Doe defendants the Court
established a process that lets
Microsoft take over any web addresses
the hackers used that include a
Microsoft trademark of course McCaskill
responded and well I don't have her
response but I will say McCaskill has
been historically very critical of
Russia and has been supportive of the
Russia investigation she's considered to
be one of the
most vulnerable Senate Democrats as well
facing re-election this year as
Republicans hope to hold their slim
majority in the Senate so yeah
she's she called Putin a a thug in a
bully and called Russian election
meddling a form of warfare so it makes
sense that she would be targeted by the
GRU and it makes sense they listen if it
worked once you would probably try it
again and again and we've been warned
that this might happen and now we have
at least one case of it if not three in
which it is happening so yeah McCaskill
said look we'll give you more
information next week when we're allowed
to but yes we were targeted and so the
government confirms that of course
Donald Trump's going around tweeting the
Russia's will probably want to help the
Democrats Wow so far no shockingly
enough it turns out that they think the
Republicans are much easier to
manipulate and to buy off and to work
for the Russian government instead of
our own government so here's yet another
Democrat they've targeted two other two
we don't know yet but the government
knows so those names will be released
and and if it turns out Trump was right
you'll find out maybe next week and hey
turns out the Russians really like a
couple of Democrats but my guess is if
history holds it'll be Republicans that
they are trying to help because the
Republicans are more pro-russian
government and in the case of a trump
and that famous press conference and
almost at all of his actions more
pro-russian government than the US
government so they think the Republicans
are easy to turn into traitors
apparently there's always the talk when
people say you know certain especially
as a president you shouldn't do things
to aid and comfort your enemies and
doing things and a lot of times you
think okay yeah it's supposed to feel
good and sound good for Americans you're
not supposed to say thing it's against
America there's that whole thing where
they say if a president travels overseas
don't talk bad about him why his
overseas and I've always thought why do
we care you've talked bad and bottom
leaves at home versus when he's overseas
what's the difference you're talking bad
about him he's the president right and
in many this has been like historic this
is one of those times when those things
that are said like you don't want to aid
and comfort your enemies and also speak
out against your intelligence
see also say these other things are hack
happening also that there was no
interest in Russian doing you this what
she's been doing since he was elected
since before he was elected so this in
real time we're finding out how that
works so now they'll continue to do it
because you've continued to provide them
this aid and comfort so now they can go
right in and then people say oh who
cares it's Claire McCaskill I want Trump
to keep his numbers with the Senate
anyway so it's okay now that aid has
that led to you supporting this kind of
subversion of our political system are
you supporting a foreign agency doing
things like this and as long as it's in
your favor Republicans are okay with it
that's how suddenly you've changed your
brain from thinking hey let's support
America rah rah USA - who cares
it's just that part of America and
that's I think the scariest part to me
about all of this no matter where you
stand and I know there's a lot of
skeptics on the left and the right when
it comes to how much Russia did or did
not interfere I don't know how I don't
know why despite all of the evidence
there's still skeptics and that's fine I
think my problem is what you're saying
jr. is how Congress has politicized this
so much to the point where like we have
to rely on Microsoft like thank you
Microsoft for helping us when it's like
actually shouldn't you know senators
offices be equipped with those tools to
be able to prevent these kinds of
phishing attacks and have more robust
cybersecurity on all fronts I don't mean
like oh so we can attack Iran's nuclear
whatever you know I don't mean you know
cyber warfare
I mean cybersecurity right and I think
it's important for those of us on the
left and progressives to kind of be like
we can hold these two things at the same
time we don't have to politicize this we
can sort of defend getting smarter and
being better all around
I think there's what's so fascinating
about this to me is that while the
precedent is on international television
saying there's no way Russia would did
have anything to do with this that they
are still currently doing it literally
every time while he's talking he was
asked by a reporter
hey are the Russians still actively
engaged in cyber warfare against us and
interfering and he said no and then
Sarah Gabby Sanders had to come out and
say he meant yes when he said no and
then later they changed their mind again
Trump called it a hoax and Sarah
Huckabee Sanders came out and said oh
the whole investigations are hoax
nothing going on now I want to give
credit to some Republicans let's be fair
okay so Dan coats's a huge right-wing
Republican former senator and he's the
Director of National Intelligence and
he's like they're definitely interfering
there and it's not just a pass he said
right now in 2018 their interference is
pervasive and and significant and active
okay so he is on the right side of this
he's that he has all that information
he's the Director of National
Intelligence Lindsey Graham trey Gowdy
those guys now I can't stand their
policies they want to get us into a war
with Iran so we have our disagreements
which is like 98 percent of what I think
of those guys but here they say yes the
Russians are clearly interfering we've
seen the intelligence is true on the
other hand there are Republicans like
Donald Trump who go wait are they
helping me totally fine I blame Dan
Coates
I blame my own Director of National
Intelligence I blame my own FBI
I think Putin's right that's why they
called it the trees is summit when he
said all that stuff in Helsinki and then
you've got the house freedom caucus
so the Jim Jordans and the mark meadows
and the Matt Gaetz going around saying
who's investigating Trump let's fire
them let's impeach him how dare they
right and those are the brown shirts so
there is a range of different
Republicans and their reactions here and
to be I don't know why I'm being fair
but to be fair because that's what we do
right but I'll tell you why I say I
don't know why I'm being fair in a
second - but to be fair - McCaskill's
opponent look we don't have no idea that
he asked for it in the case of Trump he
literally said in a press conference
during the election
hey Russians why don't you get those
30,000 emails of Hillary Clinton he
literally asked for it in the case of
McCaskill's opponent to the best of our
knowledge he didn't ask the Russian
state if he ran though election by the
way it might really hurt him because now
if you're in Missouri are you gonna help
the Russians select that their candidate
for Missouri attention then you are now
that's right so so I don't blame that
guy for it the reason why I it pains me
that that we're so goddamn fair to the
Republicans and tell you which one's
telling the truth which one
which was etc it's because they never
return the favor
if it was the shoe was on the other foot
and it with their Russians or helping
the Democrats which like a Republican
would not give a damn that McCaskill had
nothing to do with it they were reporter
shreds I reckon it would be having a
press conference a definite if you're
the GRU just like I'm not a spy or a
hacker but like if I was I'd be like
maybe the other two should be
Republicans the other two of the three
accounts of Microsoft says that were
most likely hacked or or tried to be
fished just so like you know just the
thrown in for good measure be like no
it's not political see we hacked
Republicans too all the time
but by noon Francesca just some degree
deed they did do that in 2016 and I
would be shocked if they didn't do it
again
right so that's part of why I say look
like no matter what no matter how
despicable they are we gotta be fair in
treating these people so McCaskill's
opponent he didn't ask for it as far as
we know and and so and they are trying
to cause chaos and if you're trying to
cause chaos and rip this country apart
it would make sense for at some point
for them to pick a couple of random
Democrats and progressive Democrats more
so right and go oh yeah here let's hack
their Republican opponent so then the
corporate Democrats would rip into the
progressive Democrats and we'd have
internal wars and you'd have more chaos
and it's not like Putin and the Russians
are unsophisticated they're way smarter
than Trump and all those guys so if you
were smart you probably would do that
that's why they did a little bit in 2016
and I'm fortunately probably more to
come I'm kind of wanted just just to
continue on this I think that yes I
agree with you there are some
Republicans who are doing the right
thing but at the same time House
Republicans last week just blocked
basically a an appropriations bill
introduced by representative Mike
Quigley to add 380 million dollars for
election security that's not the same
thing as
packing campaigns but it is securing and
having states feel like they can be more
equipped when they're trying to protect
the integrity of their elections and I
think it comes down to I mean on here on
TYT and on the show and and progressives
we want to get out the vote it doesn't
matter we don't get out the vote and say
hey vote them and you know or vote
progressive wrote this now I mean I
think people have their favorites but
the point is to vote and I have to say I
don't think that the Republican strategy
when you think as a Republican is to
increase voter turnout it's not
completely so why would you want to
protect so fundamentally I'm asking like
why would Republicans even want to
protect election integrity if when fewer
people vote they it's all part of the
same and Jenna that's why it works out
that way also I mean it's across the
board Kirsten yes and also earlier this
same month this happened the the Claire
McCaskill's hacking happened in 2017 but
this same month she came out and said
that there's no indication that Russia
is targeting the 18 us midterms at a
scale or scope to match the activities
at 16 so you would take that and go oh
well not at the same scale and scope but
it's still happening so how much do you
really care about it therefore then
there's those elected officials that can
vote things down like the pre-emptive
laws that they can do or at least monies
they can put to stop these things in the
future because across the board they've
set a precedent we don't care because
our president doesn't care right that's
what when you were talking about what
you know they've got to make it like
less obvious and they don't have to
anymore because there are so many people
in charge right now publicly saying this
is not even happening right they don't
even have to do that anymore
yeah so Jerez absurd right Kirsten
Nielsen saying that it's not a big deal
is outrageous piece of supposed to be
the head of Homeland Security and it
seems like the Russians are helping the
Republicans so she's like whatever and
that that is completely unacceptable and
I think the numbers add a block was 250
million dollars extra funding and that's
also completely unacceptable why
wouldn't you want more secure elections
unless you thought our foreign
government was gonna rig the elections
on your behalf that's outrageous and
that does broke border on traitorous
right and and so and by the way you
think the rush
are here to help you they want chaos you
idiot
at some point they could also turn on
you if you just give them the keys to
the to the elections and what if you're
not guarding the henhouse at all then
the Chinese come in do you know the
Chinese are for the Pakistanis could
come in the Saudis can come in well the
Saudis are probably not gonna figure it
out but how to get into our elections
and it is an absolute disaster and the
last thing is guys look we're
progressive I mean we call ourselves
home progressives I want progressives to
win right but we would never push for
laws that say let's make sure
Republicans can't vote yeah that's a
giant giant difference we would never
push for Oh Sri Lanka is on our side
let's for Lanka hack the boat also not a
bad idea
TYT host calls for Sri Lanka to help
2018 midterm eight right so you we would
fight that with every fiber of our being
because we actually care about our
democracy and that's a giant you
actually almost best even for those
voters too because you believe in the
policies and the things you think would
help the country not just your own
interest in pot goes because actually
helping an entire country helps the
people that you think they're hoarding
all of the power and reigns to anyway
two easy ways for Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
