breaking news for everyone out there
Roseanne Barr is not a racist source
Roseanne Barr okay she says Sean Hannity
for a 40-minute interview with really no
brakes you can watch the whole thing on
YouTube like one of our interns had to
poor poor dear sweet woman so what is
the tangle of course this is after the
fallout from her losing her show in the
wake of the tweet that she made about
Valerie Jarrett saying she looked like
the Muslim Brotherhood and Planet of the
Apes had a baby so let's break down some
of the clips that are the highlights
from this moment first here is her
immediate reaction upon learning that
all these consequences befell her they
called me and they said what possible
excuse could you have for this
unforgivable and egregious tweet and I
said I what do you mean exactly you
didn't know no you could not mail her
feather when they said she was
african-american so that's that's kind
of the flavor of the whole interview
right there it's just like she starts it
thought and then comes back with
something think this doesn't necessarily
follow from that original thought yeah
look I think she has mental issues so I
think their cuts in a couple of
different directions we'll talk more
about that in a second in regards to
that particular excuse number what
really combination was the brother an
implant of the names so what did you
intend well it won't
like what where were you going with it
she later said that oh I thought she was
Middle Eastern okay does that make it
better right right and I know that we're
used to bigotry against Muslims like
that's like a given and it's not a big
deal so she's like no I didn't mean to
be racist against Blacks this is a lot
of blacks in this country I meant to be
hateful against Muslims there's not a
lot of them and a lot of us hate Muslims
so it's okay okay and by the way
Valerie's right oh of course not most
and she is african-american and but the
fact that you don't understand that a
reference to referring to a person
especially an african-american as cross
between Planet of the Apes and Muslim
Brotherhood could be problematic
shows you've got a lot of different
layers of problems right
another thing that but I think that help
offends me to Jake is how she hides her
poor behavior under the guise of mental
health because there's a lot of people
myself included who suffer from mental
health issues that for sure would never
ever say anything of that nature ever on
a public forum point-blank period so
there's no accountability here for
Roseanne Barr or or a sincere apology as
to what she's done it's always shrouded
in this oh my gosh I I think I was
ambient who did it or I think I was
cooking or or or making tea I can't
remember no you did this more fully
present you just don't want to take
accountability here's my problem with it
to me this the rose in bar story is like
why do we even cover it and why do we
even cover it why do
does she have 45 minutes on prime-time
television like that's the story I think
it's stupid for us to get bogged down in
Roseanne I know you guys have covered
before I liked your takes love the takes
but I'm saying this to me this is Sean
Hannity having a embattled white woman
on on his show to tell all of his
so-called embattled white followers that
you are in fact embattled and that your
free speech somehow is being attacked
everyone's calling you racist when you
just don't like Muslims or blacks or
Jews or other people like look and and
that to me is what's so scary about this
is that we've gone so fringe fringes in
the White House y'all like I'm cool with
this kind of fringe by the way holler at
my jacket I'm but I'm a bit weird just
the way that fringe I think has been
just sort of put on a pedestal like that
this kind of talk can get you a
45-minute interview is beyond me and
yeah Hillary here's why the fringe part
is weird like the specific flavor of the
fringe that fringe had the most popular
television show on the planet right and
that is specifically like the version
idiocy that we've fallen into it's that
that idea when when the people on the
right say like oh you're stars or idiots
it's like well your stars are idiots and
they're in the White House and so you
you tell us not to ascribe like some
manner of authority to like you know
Beyonce and jay-z when they make their
political statements you know or whoever
but you want us to take your seriously
when they do stuff that is so much worse
yeah and just to be fair to the Roseanne
show and this is a hilarious comment but
the show is actually much more
open-minded
she's a trump supporter on the show
nothing wrong with that I mean I don't
agree but that's okay but they didn't
say racist stuff on the show in fact in
some of the episodes they fought against
racism or even bigotry against Muslims
and there's a lot of progressives who
work on that show or creators that show
and Roseanne was involved in this show
so it for whatever her input into the
show was the show had redeeming
qualities so I don't want to hold all
Americans who watched it accountable for
her private comments which are a totally
different tenor did at one point she
starts screaming I'm economically
anxious we can't told that bad for them
because Disney is giving her a parting
gift for not being on the reboot the
Connors and for her walking away so I
mean she's still making out with the
pretty penny yeah let's go to the third
video she spoke directly to Valerie
Jarrett just as like I'm not getting
she's talking directly to the camera to
Valerie but if she's watching I'm so
sorry that you thought I was racist and
that you thought that my tweet was
racist because it wasn't it was
political and um I'm sorry for the
misunderstanding that caused my ill
worded tweet and plus I tell her she's
got to get a new haircut
I mean seriously she sneezed new haircut
people say that about me all the time so
I'm surprised I would imagine you'd say
that about me yeah yeah anything it
needs to go over more towards the side
it seems like it's in the middle too
much let me ask this so right there like
I think that's a perfectly fine joke at
the end about the part on Sean Hannity's
hair stick to that kind of that he
totally spoon-fed err he was like hey ha
ha ha people make fun of my hair I'm
gonna ignore that you just totally
undermined your apology by making fun of
Valerie's hair I'm glad you then didn't
say like it makes her look like a monkey
or something raises talk about me part
talk about my part talk and no really
make jokes makes Bocelli what happen
how does Hannity look better in this
interview it's amazing
Danny always has people on to be like
ooh totally I'll give him a platform
they'll explain why they're not crazy
you know and and it'll be all gravy and
then he keeps on trying to spoon-feed
them these lines are like these moments
so like prove that they're not racist
maybe it's a strategy well it could be
worse I could be this person do you
think that these type of apologies those
these obligatory apologies especially
the one that rose and escaped
aren't they kind of sad because is again
these people who go on and do egregious
things don't they they they say I'm
sorry you felt this way about what I
didn't know saying I'm sorry that I was
a piece of you know it's always it's
always let you I'm sorry exactly that
you thought somehow I was talking about
your race right now yeah it's a way of
saying I'm sorry you were so stupid that
you misinterpreted my brilliant comment
and thought it was racist that's not an
apology she says in other parts of the
interview that she is she wants she's
heard that Valerie Jarrett was born in
Iran and become and penned the Iran deal
and she wants some accountability as an
Israel supporter for the Iran deal and
the problem is that's not what it took
her so long to come up
with that rape a reason for it he says
which that reasons not very good either
I mean so can you imagine if you're her
excuse for a tang if someone was well
this Jew was born in Israel so of course
I doubted their loyalty to America and
of course they've had a great deal with
Israel because they were born in Israel
you know how they Jews are yeah that
would be horrific right it doesn't make
it any better when you take out Israel
and you replace it with Iran just one
more video she starts to look at the
camera it's just get used to looking at
the camera park because she needs to
also tell you who Rosanna is there's
gonna be a lot of people watching cuz
you're here tonight tell those people
who you are well I'm a creative genius
and this this is not a good feeling for
an artist to be treated this way and
it's not a good feeling for a citizen
either and here's Who I am I'm somebody
who cares about civil rights
you ought to reject what you call me you
call me racist I don't accept it I Know
Who I am and I'm not a racist and the
people who voted for Trump they're not
racist either and Trump isn't a racist
sorry but you know we just have a
different opinion we all want the same
thing no we want people in the inner
cities that are living in feces and I'm
talking about my son goes to school in
San Francisco I go up there I don't just
blab and run my mouth I live my beliefs
I want people to know that I live my
beliefs I try and of course I fail but I
try I get back up and try again Wow like
I had not seen that part of the video I
just wipe all the inner city who live in
Pisa has someone who lives in San
Francisco I'm gonna quote a fellow comic
nado green that feces we put that there
all right we imagine how much higher
rent would be if there were no feces on
the ground you're welcome okay so but
but how much does she remind your truck
it tells who you are I'm a creative
genius yeah sorry yeah yeah you're
unbearable there was no sense of irony
or smirking or kidding tongue-in-cheek
none of that and of coping
part of that answer for the whole
interview was I've been treated this way
a victim I'm the victim I mean you
people live in feces and and then and
you criticized me for calling it what it
is come on really you know what I'm
saying Planet of the Apes right okay
she's claiming mental illnesses she says
that she struggled and I'm sorry I made
a joke about feces earlier and it is
funny but like the people in San
Francisco who have no other place the
homeless and the mentally ill and people
who are neither or indoor bowls and or
whatever like if they were a celebrity
they'd get 45 minute interviews spouting
whatever the hell they wanted to spout
on Fox News during prime time but no
because they are homeless
they are demonized and they live on the
streets and Roseanne would be exactly
there if she were treated if she
actually is mentally ill and she were
treated the way we treat mentally ill
people in this country so the story is
why Fox keeps on having her I want to
either want a show or I want a
presidential run out of her I want to
either see she one needs to be on Fox or
presidential run otherwise I don't wanna
talk about it anymore I'm sorry
don't encourage your friends instead
don't encourage to forget her the voters
but they might like her exactly she's an
elaborate events like Trump try who has
very similar views so who's just brags
just as much doesn't apologize for
anything doesn't understand which to
anything she's doing the consequence of
her actions has mental stability issues
just like from look I think at some
point they're gonna find out and that's
I look you know Jason you measure mental
health issues but there's that's a giant
spectrum right and I and I think that
the level of instability that Roseanne
and and Trump have is significant and
it's one thing for them to have it and
that's okay if they and if they didn't
affect other people
then I would want to support them sure
but when they have this kind of effect
in the world I think that one day the
Republicans are gonna wake up and
realize oh we were following a bunch of
people who were
had literally lost their minds yeah and
well I'm glad one thing that would that
I think a lot of people misconception
people have about people of color
because they think that of all people
color are the same hue as myself or that
they are or they are just darker skinned
completely that's not true you can
definitely get value gerron's tell that
that is a woman of color and for those
watching that don't know what people car
look like just know they come in all
different hues of melanin and all
different hues of brown it's not it's
not just we're not model to think we're
not homogeneous or there's if there's a
widespread from people of course just
know that because some people online
like rose dad's wife Valerie Jersey she
looks like a white woman she's like
Mariah Carey is she black is she white
we don't know but she doesn't look black
she for sure looks black do your
homework on that because if people get
that so wrong so many times two easy
ways for the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
