this is a story of two rookie cops in
New Orleans who beat someone who they
kept calling a fake American the
perpetrators who were arrested on scene
or Spencer Sutton and John Gulman they
had just recently completed their
training to become police officers and
the victim is Jorge Alberto Jorge Gomez
here is and this is a graphic photo of
what they did to him they approached him
according to the story this is how the
victim says it all went down he said he
asked me if I was an American I told him
yes and he got mad because he said I was
fake said Gomez who described himself as
a US native who was raised in Honduras
before returning to live in New Orleans
they asked him why he was wearing
camouflage and if he was in the military
and he just said yes he was born here
went left the country came back served
in the military so he had the answer and
then afterwards I mean the fight broke
out they beat him and he received
injuries the police were called the
police came they said like he we asked
him if he had if he was in the military
he said yes we thought it had resolved
itself and he followed us to our car
yeah they claimed that this guy decided
he was gonna take on two off-duty police
officers and randomly attacked them
after they were costing him and of
course they found videotape that showed
the exact opposite all the witnesses
plus the video shows clearly that it was
the cops who attacked him now the good
news is they took action they were fired
and they have been charged with battery
so they you know they might I don't know
if they're gonna go to jail they should
that I mean look at what they did to him
but a little bit of justice so that's
good news well one of the one of the one
of the guys said that he had no
recollection of what happened
he told that to investigators I think it
was sudden who said had no memory of
this part of the fight sorry according
to court documents so whatever what
people think that these things are just
isolated incidences right but in the
last 24 months we've seen so much a
brutality against and I wonder I should
I don't want to just say these people of
color because everyone is people across
all walks of life
victim super tally but in the case and
in this case there are people think like
oh whoa this doesn't happen right yes it
does happen regularly especially in
places down south a New Orleans was at
one time one of the most violent cities
in America my five of my uncle's served
on the New Orleans Police Department my
dad is a retired National Guard and I am
Honduran my dad is Honduran so this
resonates with me yeah complicit like
the universe working but it's it's this
is this happens more than ever and these
are not isolated instances these people
purposely attack this man why that's
like me ask you Jaden are you are you a
host of a TV show or of a major Network
yes kicking your ass for what reason
just just just to be just to be a douche
and secondly it's douche culture I'm
glad you clarified that cuz like there's
nothing Noble or amazing like there's
nothing patriotic even vaguely patriotic
like oh you can't wear camel if he were
white if you didn't maybe have an accent
we all know it wouldn't thought of
turned out that way what you're not
allowed to wear camouflage if you're not
in the military that is that a new rule
that I'm aware of are they is all the
duck dynasty guys they were everybody
that in the south who was white who
wears camel they were all in the
military yeah and and and scott pruett
about $2,400 were the tactical pants you
know i don't know what hand polos right
but anyway this is not complicated
they called him a fake american and they
didn't believe he was an american he's
Latino gee I wonder where they got that
from I wonder what encouraged them to
think that that was an acceptable thing
to do in today's America and they
totally got even more fragile I told I
interrupt you all suggestion but they
got more fragile I can only imagine when
they started you know they apprehend him
and look at what are you doing wearing
camo
oh so you're like you're in the military
and he's like actually I was and maybe
they probably got so fragile about that
they got so offended and upset that like
Oh God he was in the military we just
want to be cops so we can legally do
this and kick your ass that's the most
disturbing part about it yeah is like
yes there are racist people at ball
like let's go pick on that person let's
go say hey you think is pick some kind
of pretense that doesn't apply to
anything is over you in the military we
ask muses wearing camo BS they see says
no they're like BS we just want to beat
you up they do it but those are the same
people that want to be cops right
and also people that's a great point
bread also you know a lot of a lot of
people say that about like illegal
immigrants what what are their
contributions to our country gonna be if
they come here when you have when this
person who is doing exactly what the
people want illegal immigrants to do is
contribute is doing just that that's
still not good enough two easy ways
follow Young Turks one has hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're at uoit subscriber and
second is ring the bell and when you do
that on YouTube you are notified of our
videos
you
