Alexandria Casa Cortez went on The Daily
Show with Trevor Noah and one of the
questions that he kind of kept coming
back to was your Democratic Socialist
how do you pay for it specifically
Medicare for all and education now this
is a common framing it's the common
question people bring up socialism
democratic socialism is expensive yeah
so there's a couple things that I object
to here and in Trevor Noah
it doesn't mean any harm by he's a good
guy Amy's right but there's group think
of of people when they say okay
progressive issues why do you pay for it
well okay first of all on Republican
issues giant tax cuts for the rich your
first question should be how do you pay
for it that just created a one point
nine trillion dollar deficit but we
don't get that we get it only for things
that help the average American so and in
the reality is Medicare for all saves
money yes it increases taxes but it
takes away all of your health insurance
costs including what your companies pay
and that money can actually then
directly go into your salary they never
talk about that part it's so college for
all another thing that you asked about
well it does cost seventy five billion
dollars a year that's a fraction of the
one point nine trillion dollars that the
Trump tax cuts cost so we have enough
money and it's practical to give
everything to the rich but your kids
want an education they want equality of
opportunity the American dream oh is
that practical I know we don't have much
time at how did she handle it I'm sure
very well yes she yeah she mentioned
specifically like how you could pay for
it she said if wealthy individuals paid
a fairer tax rate corporate rate to 28%
close loopholes that's two trillion
dollars you save in ten years right that
kind of stuff and then the they always
say like at the end of stuff speeches
like go to my website but like if you
Google like how to pay for Medicare for
all the first thing is a white paper
from Bernie Sanders website that's just
like like this and then you go to
elsewhere you google the other thing
like this and there's like charts and
graphs that are like simple little
things this is such a great point by
Brett because like if you asked
Republicans how you're gonna pay for
your the tax cuts for the rich or the
Iraq war or any other war you'd like to
start there's no white paper there's no
website they never explained it before
the Iraq war they said it would have
only cost a little under two Billy
it cost over two trillion dollars they
never had a white paper on it would they
ask how do you pay for Bernie Sanders
like page after page go look at the
white paper he's like this is
specifically and these are the
breakdowns of the taxes but then the
here's the amount of money we save so
there's a great answer for how we pay
for it it is such a double standard and
part of the reason I get animated by it
because it's people who mean well but
they still ask the question from a
Republican framing so stop asking only
progressives how they pay for things
that will help the average American ask
them how you pay for things that help
only the rich how do you afford it and
we can't that's the reality of it two
easy ways for Young Turks want us hit
the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
