near Wilson say her name remember her
name and respect her name you would
think that in the face of unimaginable
tragedy following these practices would
be instinctive you would think that but
unfortunately far too often in the
United States many in the media look for
ways to dehumanize the black victims of
tragedy and it has to stop
on Thursday protesters gathered outside
the Fox affiliate KTVU the Oakland based
news station that earlier this week
covered the story by using this photo of
Nia Wilson and the picture Nia appears
to be holding a gun which was later
identified as a phone case but
regardless of whether she was holding a
gun or not the question is why KTVU
chose to use this photo the answer from
KTVU was it was a mistake and as we know
history shows this is a mistake that
happens all too often with black victims
like when say New York Post described
Timothy Coleman as a career criminal
after he was ruthlessly attacked and
killed by a white supremacist Oh white
supremacists who was described then by
the same newspaper as dapper but deadly
all the descriptions of Michael Brown
and Trayvon Martin in the New York Times
and sometimes it's not just a victim
who's smiled by the mainstream media
when Fox News covered falando Castillo's
death Sean Hannity thought it
appropriate you know to begin his
coverage of an officer pumping seven
rounds into a car with a child present
by questioning the actions of Taemin
Reynolds who videotaped the horrific
encounter a woman is with her boyfriend
he's shot by the policeman and she's
live facetiming this thing to the world
how about helping the person that's been
shot yeah you can always count on Sean
to talk about the woman who was calm and
composed in the face of a belligerent
officer rather than talk about said
belligerent officer and we know that the
inverse is also true white terrorists
for mass shooters are reflexively
humanized and shown in shades of gray am
i lying
are they not often portrayed as troubled
kids it is the outcry of a very
challenged young man talking about
challenges in his personal life or
lowness who drifted off the track please
prove me wrong if you beg to differ
faced with this history the black
community has every
right to discard ktvu's apology because
it's the same apology they've heard time
and time again all while the same
mistakes continue to happen time and
time again and the thing is there may
well have been no malice intended no
underlying intent to make Nia out to be
anything less than the bright young girl
with our whole future ahead of us but
when viewed through a historical lens
and considering the fact that images of
the killer like this have all but been
ignored by the same news source you have
to ask these questions because here is
the difference and listen close those
who live in a bubble hell-bent on
convincing themselves that prejudice
like this doesn't exist we'll look at
this example and immediately deflect the
cries of none of the things about race
and why are you virtual signalling to
protect themselves from asking these
questions to protect themselves from
having to unlearn practices that they
have become accustomed to practices like
accepting the smearing of black victims
as just straightforward news coverage
but those of us who are consciously
combating this kind of prejudice need to
ask these questions and hold sources
like KTVU accountable questions like
that posed by anne hathaway who was then
inundated by an enormous amount of hate
because she dared bring up that
Voldemort of the right wing Neil Wilson
was a young woman with her life ahead of
her that's the image the news media
should have been showing us from the
moment her life was taken by evil it's
not difficult people but it does mean
confronting some difficult truths and
then being willing to change
