socialism not on my watch pal Venezuela
one of richest countries in the world
hears prominent failed daughter Megan
McCain trying to call the cops on
socialism by invoking the Republican
despots ito Venezuela now the average
Venezuelan has lost 24 pounds 90% of the
country yes the situation in Venezuela
is terrible this is so sad Alexa play
Venezuela for example you know Venezuela
right a majority of the country is
currently eating rats but I just told
you Venezuela's getting rats but I just
want people have health care there's no
other way to do socialism without eating
rats it's I'm sorry this is canon this
is what I need from her name one country
that socialism has ever worked every day
Denmark Finland Netherlands Norway and
this may shock you but we have socialism
here in the States
many of our now impoverished
institutions are socialist ones
Americans look back to a time with glee
when everything was supposedly great and
that's the time when socialist values
protected things like public school
funding and infrastructure spending and
strong labor unions all of which support
a strong middle class but got
eviscerated with tax cuts and ever
increasing corporate influence over
government policy tax cuts that
redistributed wealth back to the top
while making the latter of upward social
mobility even harder for many to climb
our mixed economy in the US does feature
socialistic elements but you and your
right-wing elite friends are just mad
because Americans are waking up to the
fact that the socialism we have in the
u.s. now primarily benefits the rich and
the rest of us are finally taking a
stand by demanding that the nation's
prosperity and productivity growth be
more evenly shared by all Americans
rather than just those leeches at the
top like Megan McCain also Megan if
you're so terrified of socialism let me
use the same dumbass Republican stance
and say we should ship you off to an
anarcho-capitalist paradise like Somalia
in Somalia half the population is
running short on food after too bad
growing seasons since the collapse of a
military dictatorship in 1991 Somalia
has had the most decentralized
government in the world since I've been
alive and yet the UN seems to consider
the famine in Somalia one of the largest
humanitarian crises since 1945 so I
guess conservative principles don't work
in Somalia we should do communism here
in the US now do you think that logic
stands here because if you think that
arguments stupid because it is stupid
then stop taking it
to invoke Venezuela seriously Venezuela
is a Petro state that's been actively
squeezed economically by foreign attacks
in the form of sanctions while also the
target of Coos funded and supported by
the US comparing bringing socialist
policies of the US as becoming just like
Venezuela is just as stupid as
suggesting that supporting capitalist
policies here makes us like Somalia wait
a minute let's get back to Megan the
daughter of a great American hero if you
think the government is so good at
spending money look at the VA here's
Megan throwing veterans aid under the
proverbial bus faster than John McCain
can napalm a light bulb factory what a
goddamn Patriot you are Megan you hate
socialism so much that you'll criticize
the VA which is currently severely
underfunded as your dad is currently
being treated for brain cancer in that
same VA are you kidding me are you so
afraid of socialism Megan is it because
you're a proud beneficiary of
intergenerational wealth and you're
terrified that these socialists elected
into Congress might reinstate the estate
tax so when your father does inevitably
die you won't have access to that same
amount of wealth that you quote/unquote
earned
I'm Aslam pygar if you want Megan McCain
to go back to Somalia please share this
video with your friends also please
don't forget to leave your thoughts in
the comment section below and don't
forget to download the TYT app the
Android one is coming soon and this has
been the breakdown
