all right we've got breaking news
Michael Cohen apparently telling CNN
that or CNN has the story of Michael
Cohen telling people that I Donald Trump
didn't know about the meeting with
Donald Trump jr. and the Russians the
one that mana for 20 and Kushner went to
they had of course claimed earlier that
that Trump himself did not know about
that meeting that's the meeting where
they were offering dirt on Hillary
Clinton through the Russian government
and the emails that clearly says she's
connected to the Russian government they
have information about Hillary Clinton
would you like it Donald Trump jr. of
course being the idiot that he is writes
love it and then arrange that meeting
they go with a man afford and Kushner
they then went on to lie about it 17
different times at first they said it
was just about adoption it wasn't it was
about the Magnitsky Act which is
actually sanctions on the Russian
oligarchs what they care the most about
because that actually affects their
money and in retaliation the Russians
had gone after an adoption issue of
whether Americans can adopt in Russia
but it was actually about the sanctions
the core thing that Putin in the
oligarchs care about the most and and
then they denied it and it turns out
Donald Trump juniors not the one who
wrote the letter denying it was Donald
Trump himself that's another story that
came out earlier and of course in all
their denials they said Oh Trump to know
it you've had that meeting Oh his
campaign manager Manta Ford had it and
Kirchner and his son were in that
meeting oh he didn't know anything about
it now Michael Cohen says of course he
knew there aren't any tapes or anything
along those lines but it is a witness in
the room saying yes I was there when
Donald Trump was told about it and he
said yes take the meeting with the
Russians and see if they have
information they can give us during the
campaign what would that be that almost
sounds like collusion doesn't it okay
Michael Cohen turning on Donald Trump is
disastrous for the Trump team they can't
recover from that man that he's Donald
Trump's quote-unquote fixer he knows
where all the bodies are buried
and so look that last tape where they it
showed that Donald Trump was lying that
and and he had paid off Karen McDougal I
said it was a tip of the iceberg and
here we go
I mean CONUS got a mountain or an
iceberg of information and USS Trump is
running straight into it
so he's final thing is that Cohen says
he is willing to talk to the special
counsel and let him know what he knows
about how Donald Trump did want to meet
with the Russians and did authorize that
meeting to get information about his
opponent working with a foreign
government to do so devastating
