Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to t y-t-dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts
following news of White House officials
retaliating against a CNN reporter by
the name of Caitlin Collins for asking
Donald Trump tough questions a number of
members of the press came out in support
of Collins they said that they stood in
solidarity with Collins the president of
Fox News said that you know Fox as an
organization stands behind Collins even
Bret Baier covered this on his show and
said that he supported Collins and
disagreed with what the Trump
administration did there was one person
who rent of rogue by the way and that
person is Lou Dobbs who is one of the
anchors on Fox Business so he actually
agreed with what Donald Trump did and of
course and we have a video to prove it
so let's hear from Lou Dobbs CNN issued
a statement saying in part quote this
decision to bar a member of the press is
retaliatory in nature and not indicative
of an open and free press we demand
better I guess my question would be who
the hell are you alright the President
does insist on respect now that's what
that's what the White House has to put
up with are you kidding me
anyway all I have to say about that is
it's about time there were consequences
for disrespectful behavior in the White
House
so there's Lou Dobbs saying she was
being disrespectful it's about time a
president retaliates against that form
of disrespect unacceptable I stand by
the president that is what Lou Dobbs is
saying he's very clear very clear
however he did not have the same
standards for our former President
Barack Obama no really so let me let me
set up this situation for you okay so
back in 2012 Obama is giving a speech
and there was a right-wing reporter who
decided to start interrupting him as
he's giving this speech so to be clear
this situation is different from what
Caitlin Collins experienced Caitlin
Collins was in a
chaotic Oval Office situation where she
was you know basically questioning the
president and was denied any answers but
it wasn't as if Trump was in the middle
of giving a speech in this case back in
2012 neil munro formerly of the Daily
Caller
drew a lot of attention when he tried to
ask barack obama several questions on
immigration in the middle of his address
and so here is how it all went down we
have video of it take a look it is look
it is the right thing to do excuse me
sir uh it's not time for questions sir
not while I'm speaking and the answer to
your question sir and the next time I
prefer you let me finish my statements
before you ask that question is this is
the right thing to do for the American
people
baby guy I didn't I didn't ask for an
argument I'm answering your question it
is the right thing to do for the
American people and here's why
here's the reason okay so I want to
explain the context of how reporters
normally conduct themselves okay so I
you know that we the Young Turks we're
for more aggressive reporting and and we
hope the journalists are more aggressive
over all right so but you do need some
degree of decorum so if you don't let
the president speak at all then that's
counterproductive and so but when there
when it is time for questions you should
go as hard as you can so if that same
guy Neil Monroe had asked the same exact
questions when it was time for questions
great and shout it screaming you want
and and there's nothing wrong with this
so in the context of of what Caitlin
Collins did she was representing the
whole TV industry because they they pull
reporters because you can't fit
everybody into that room so and they
take turns so sometimes it'll be NBC
sometimes it'll be Fox News in this case
it was CNN and Caitlin Collins was the
pool reporter for all of television and
her job as soon as the event is over
like the others and you see it in the
tape the newspaper guys ask questions
and they shout out questions the TV
I shout out questions that is exactly
the right way to do it that is the right
form for it that's the right time for it
in the case of a president giving a
speech if all the reporters start asking
questions in the middle of the speech he
can't give the speech right and that's
what was happening no other reporter was
asking any questions there except Neal
Monroe back in 2012 so and so that's why
was not the right context otherwise I
have no problems with his questions and
I don't care that he's right wing right
wing guess the questions just as much as
anybody does
of course they almost never allow any
left wing people into the White House
whether it's Obama's or Trump's but
still I don't care they're allowed to
ask any questions they like now the
question is we have the same exact
standard did Lou Dobbs have the same
standard well you would be shocked to
find out that he did not have the same
standard and even though Monroe was
clearly interrupting Obama during his
speech here is what Lou Dobbs said on
his show
he said quote this is graphic 32 well
the fact is after he made his statement
the president took no questions okay
let's stop for a second he did answer
his question which was clear in the tape
that we showed you I don't know if you
had the opportunity to go on Twitter and
listen to the clucking of all the people
going it's against the decorum of the
White House and it's rude to the
president what's rude is the president
not speaking to the American people and
taking the questions of the White House
press it's amazing that like Lou Dobbs I
imagine unless he's gonna see now which
is possible but or never really had a
mind to begin with but like he's got to
know what 2012 was not 1982 it's just
six years ago that he said about Obama
like yeah of course you should interrupt
the president it's rude not to interrupt
him then he turns around now and goes
how dare they ask for course he didn't
even interrupt Trump she didn't
interrupt Trump at all right how dare
she asked a question it's about time
there was consequences for rudeness like
that how do you say that with any degree
of conscience that's the answer is he
doesn't have a conscience these guys who
support Trump unquestioningly have no
shame at all so that is 100% hypocrisy
it is hypocrisy and I I think that the
primary reason why that hypocrisy exists
is is
you know the partisanship and his
support for Trump versus his disdain for
Obama so I'm not trying to minimize that
I think that that's front center of his
reasoning right but I also wonder if I
wonder if the gender of the person
asking the questions also either
consciously or subconsciously plays a
role because Lou Dobbs is just from a
different time right when you don't have
women aggressively asking a man in a
position of power questions about his
conduct or you know controversies and I
don't know I just I thought that that
was interesting because I I'm naive in a
lot of cases I don't really think about
my gender and how it impacts me when I'm
asking someone a question or if I'm
going after someone aggressively in in a
story that we're doing but like recently
I've become more and more aware that you
know when a male colleague does the same
thing it's strength but when a woman
does it it gets it gets you know
misconstrued as something completely
different so I'm just wondering I'm just
throwing that out there okay butBut I
look let me add to that because there's
a confluence of factors and it's we
don't live in the same black and white
world that the right wing does like it's
either sexism or it's not sexism it's
either great or it's terrible right so
maybe that's a part of the influence of
Lou Dobbs other things that matter or
well publication you're from right and
so it's CNN so the whole press rallies
around them by the way when Obama once
did two different things he didn't sit
down for a Sunday interview with Chris
Wallace when he was doing other Sunday
shows which is every right to do we
could choose whoever he's gonna get
interviewed by but one time he did do
something wrong in my opinion
they banned Fox News from getting
interviewed in a pool reporter situation
similar not exactly the same but similar
to Caitlin Collins and in which case I
don't think that was right see we're
actually honest about that but and then
everybody rallied around Fox News part
of it is because these guys who work on
cable news think I might one day work
for CNN I might one day work for Fox
News and they have some solidarity but
overall it's a good thing they have
solid air but when Jorge Ramos was
asking tough questions of Trump in a
perfectly appropriate setting after he
was done speaking
they did not rally around Jorge Ramos
and and I remember a lot of the cable
news guys coming out and going well at
that seemed a bit rude the way Ramos was
at aggressively asking questions so it
depends on your publication the Daily
Caller often times even though they're
conservative and oftentimes make up
stories right including right before an
election they clearly have an agenda
they don't admit their agenda and on top
of that I mean there are serious
significant charges about how they
fabricated news to try to affect
elections they are conservative so
generally more welcomed in Washington
where as progressive outlets yeah I mean
what is there a single progressive
outlet represented in you know that
group of White House reporters a single
progressive but Washington despises
progressives in their worldview of
course they would answer what do you
mean MSNBC look at a Joe Scarborough
lifelong Republican but criticizes Trump
okay I mean and MSNBC filter the room
with corporate Democrats right and who
and almost all of them argued against
progressives like Bernie Sanders but in
their world really like how much more
look can we get than Joe Scarborough so
that gives you a sense of the different
playing field there is so that might
have been a factor there's a lot of
different factors that go into it the
one thing that is inescapable is lou
dobbs hypocrisy yeah right no matter why
he did it it's super clear that he
doesn't give a damn I don't like Obama
you're up to all you like
I love Trump I will defend him no matter
what you ask him perfectly appropriate
questions that how dare you two easy
ways Folio interests want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
