Michael avenatti the former attorney for
stormy Daniels is saying that Michael
Cohen has more evidence on trumps
indicating that he paid off even more
women to basically keep quiet about
Affairs that they had with Donald Trump
so let me give you a vanadis exact
statement he alleged that Donald Trump
conspired with Michael Cohen to pay off
multiple other women prior to election
day in 2016 he also claims that they
were also concerned about a pregnancy so
look we've got over one part of this
before and then I want to talk about a
second part so you know Karen McDougal
now we know for a fact Donald Trump did
sleep with her and then paid her off
even though he lied about it we just we
move on past these things that are down
taken as Givens Donald Trump cheated on
his wife all the time with Playboy
models and porn stars etc the
evangelical right-wing who pretend to
care about that kind of morality now
says no I don't care how immoral you are
as long as you hate the same people I do
okay that's a given number two given as
they lie brazenly lied said Oh Karen
McDougal that's not true at all now we
know there's tape absolutely true Trump
did pay her off okay so but we're okay
it's a given Donald Trump's a liar it is
what it is but we'll call it 5050 and
move on okay so now we get to the issue
of where the laws break in broken and
and then was there something even worse
okay and so there's the issue of
Bouchard
that is another former Playboy model
they say that Eliot Brody the guy who is
a big Republican fundraiser and a Trump
fundraiser is the one who paid our 1.6
million because he had an affair with
her broidy in the past has been charged
with paying off the mistresses of
politicians now the ones he slept with
the ones they slept with okay now and
then he was convicted now who is a
person who sleeps with Playboy models
and has unprotected sex with them now
Bechard had an abortion and she didn't
get a hundred fifty thousand one point
six million now you make any conclusion
you like
out of that okay I'm just telling you
the facts of what happened okay now but
even if it's not Rashard and even if he
Trump didn't do that you know what I
just told you we know because of the
stormy Daniels story and others he has
unprotected sex with them now you think
that a guy is stupid and careless as
Donald Trump is gonna make sure that
somebody doesn't get pregnant so am I
surprised that avenatti is talking about
how there's more women and now there's
issues about pregnancies I am not
remotely surprised I'd be surprised if
it was in other direction after having
all of these affairs all of this
unprotected sex
there was no pregnancy ever so look a
vanadis a lawyer so he understands the
kind of risk he puts himself in if he's
making false claims you know he's not
saying I think Michael Cohen has this
evidence he's saying I know you know
he's making a very declarative statement
and if it is false and he's making
things up well then that's a huge legal
liability but he you know I've rejected
avenatti stories in the past because it
usually plays out this way where he
makes some bold statement before I've
seen evidence and I'm like uh I don't
think it's a good idea to talk about
that until we see the evidence and then
soon enough we see the evidence and so
look this is my opinion but I'm inclined
to believe him and we will find out soon
enough because prosecutors did manage to
raid Michael Cohen and get all of these
tapes so we'll figure it out later
by the way real quick Ivan audio also
says Cohen has evidence and info in his
possession and it must be released to
the public and he's not the only one
who's making these allegations a
Pulitzer prize-winning journalist David
K Johnson Johnston is also making these
allegations I'll give you his quote in
just a second so on i'm inaudi he said
look check my track record and anna's
right in the beginning i was a little
skeptical too i was skeptical of the
broidy's story but then you know things
toned up you know what I was skeptical
about and we you could go back and watch
the old videos of us I was skeptical
about the the so-called P tape from
Russia right but now that miscues
mounting and mounting and mounting and
I'm being maybe that
maybe they didn't ever tape I don't
think they need a tape on him I think
they get a lot on Trump without the tape
but and and Alvin O'Day says look I've
been right every time and to be fair he
has been and there's a difference
between me saying look I think the
Bechard stories are really fishy and I
question it but do I know that Bouchard
slept with Trump instead no I don't know
that yet that's why I think an
investigation is important and that's
why you should have somebody an
investigator do that a special counsel
or whoever it might be as opposed to me
speculating about it but avenatti is a
lawyer and he's not saying I think he's
saying it is right and he has been right
in the past exactly so now let's go to
David Cay Johnston as I mentioned a
Pulitzer prize-winning journalist he
said and I quote we know the Russians
have been courting Donald spending money
on him and putting money in his pocket
for more than 30 years
Donald's son one of his sons has said
they were getting lots of money from
Russians and he'd been deeply involved
with deals with Russian gangsters by the
way that's another thing that the media
just kind of glossed over including us
right like we reported that story and
then the news cycle is just so crazy so
chaotic so fast-moving that we
oftentimes forget like Trump's son on
the record said that they had these
these deals with the Russia actually two
of his sons dead and so look I mean why
do you think I think that Trump has a
deal with Russia
I've been saying it for now well over a
year I think he's been doing money
laundering for the Russians why do I say
that or I just pull it out of thin air
no there's a lot of publicly available
evidence including his two sons saying
oh yeah we got money from the Russians
one of them said they a golf reporter
had asked them how'd you get all the
money for the golf course especially
because your dad went bankrupt six times
I mean nobody would lend you money he's
like oh no we got it from the Russians
and he added the Russians apparently
really liked golf
oh he's so stupid oh they're so dumb but
I'll tell you that's actually by the way
a little bit of evidence that the sons
don't know that the money is illicit to
be fair to the sons like if maybe
they're so stupid they say it outwardly
anyway but but it's likely that if
you're saying like oh the Russians
actually really like golf they're so
dumb
okay that's why you would tell a
reporter Russia's like golf that's why
they give us hundreds
millions of dollars okay so all that is
on the record Inc David Kay Johnson also
talked about the affairs and the tapes
and now there's another new story out
that it might not be twelve tapes that
Michael Cohen has it might be hundreds
of tapes so Donald Trump is in a panic
he's not Anna pennant cuz he didn't do
it
he said it panic cuz he did do it so
there's a lot of things that are already
obvious that we just keep gliding past
including Donald Trump saying you know
being outraged that Michael Cohen turned
on him I if I had lawyers like that I
don't why would I be bothered they
turned on me I haven't done anything
wrong right but if you did do something
wrong and you told your lawyer then you
would come out like trumpets I can't but
what kind of a lawyer would take
somebody like that what is he doing we
can't have this happen right because he
obviously didn't he did many different
things there's the sex but much more
importantly is what are his financial
connections to the Russians right now
would be a good time to make your your
ticking clock something all right
tick tick tick tick tick tick tick tick
and it is guys look I'll tell you the
last thing I miss his demise and and
I've been long on timing and and I made
really bold predictions on that but as
the Mises I think mm-hmm is going to
come quicker than you think and because
all this stuff they already have it
they have Cowen's tapes they they have
all the things he's done in public they
have so much material already and it's
look here's the possibility that I'm
wrong about everything and Donald Trump
is actually led a perfectly legal life
that he just did all these deals with
the Russians and they were perfectly
aboveboard and he did not sleep with
Bechard or pay for her abortion and and
then and then he did pay off to the
woman to be silent but it was not
campaign finance father's that's
possible and if that's true we'll find
out soon but if I'm even ten percent
right it is criminal to a degree we have
not seen in this country including
Richard Nixon the likes of which we have
never
seen before right so that fire and fury
at some point is gonna close in on them
and I think that point is really really
close to easy wastefully Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
you
