you're about to watch a free clip of old
school if you like it wait till you see
the whole episode all the episodes in
their entirety are available for members
become a member by going to TYT calm
/join old school everybody Ben
mankiewicz spread air like I'm not sure
we've done a show just the two of us I
don't think so we've done we've done
we've done a couple where we were one of
three yeah there are four yeah it didn't
go great so this is gonna be it's gonna
be interesting I just want to say I have
not been invited back on old school
since one fateful night or what what
happened that fateful night fateful
night what it was one in which myself
and Ricky Strom were left to our own
devices you and Ricky Strom hosted an
old school there was a I would say dire
straits that's a and I'm pretty sure
following this old school there was a an
official shift in policy prohibiting
people who's hired eight with slick
begin Ricky's and that was the guys did
it old school but I will tell you that
the and I haven't heard that old school
but I will tell you that the falls of
that old school was Ricky's no yeah I
don't think saying no let me tell you
why well because first of all it's Ricky
right so like I don't really need to
hear any more evidence because the first
one or not in the first show but you
know if this was one of the first shows
this would be easier but it wasn't it
was maybe a year into Ricky's first
tenure here right before his likely bat
Ricky is like in the in the NBA or the
NFL when a coach is in the league and he
coaches for seasons and never makes the
playoffs and his overall record in the
NBA over four years is a hundred and
three hundred and twenty six mhm and so
he gets fired and then two years later
another team hires and and you're like
one right and so for some reason with
the world to choose from we thought you
know what
that's bricks drawn back right let me
tell : hold on I'm not done so so about
a year into his disaster his first
coaching tenure here um the so I had
some great tweet I mean I still remember
this so vividly because it sums up
everything that you know who people love
folks who talk about their own tweets oh
no no I don't remember what sweet was
it's irrelevant but I tweeted something
on Sunday about football was funny so we
do the show Monday morning and I work
the conversation around to pay my tweet
yes as if I just thought of it me right
or as if it worked as other conversation
it's my tweet yeah my joke right worked
again on in fact I really wrote it
Sunday you know preparing it like this
is gonna land right in a conversation
about the NFL on it and as soon as I say
it he goes you tweeted that yesterday
just repeating your own tweet and I was
like you you're right you little pieces
because this it's a new thing it's a new
thing
it's my tweet my joke it's it's not like
you did this three years ago it's more
it it's a decision to make when you're
in our position right of like oh I have
to come up with ideas all the time I am
kind of drafting them with tweets I'm
not gonna waste this idea not what it's
a good one right so I'm gonna tweet it
but then I seem like it if you were to
introduce this idea as a tweet that you
had earlier this week I'm not sure you
guys follow me on Twitter that I've done
that as his words come out of my man leg
like this was a mistake
Yeah right wish I could go back feel
quite douchey at this moment that's
right that's right I totally agree and
I've done it I've done it eight times
I'm over eight it's always about it
never feels good yeah uh but this night
when Ricky and I did old school I went
back and watched it because it was very
clear at this organization that we've
made a decision and it's not Ricky alone
I I just also now and when I anxious to
hear the end of the story I'd like to
point out that Jack and I started doing
this show and again I think in February
of 2002
sixteen this year hmm so I've done many
many many videos I was you know on the
show pretty much every day for the first
five years until 2007 and and I have
never gone back and watched any video at
any time ever and no kudos could well
done I before it working here I made a
bunch of videos that were very short and
and written in edited and specific now
it's and I watched those every so often
because they produced their produced yes
yeah low Phi on purpose viral video
films go go to youtube.com slash viral
videos watch now uh but here no I don't
go back I don't go back and I watch but
this one in particular I had to just see
like how bad could it have been and the
answer was no it was great
oh is that right I loved it when he just
went back and forth we were silly we
were ridiculous I did a I did an
impression of Gollum sure and I think it
went and maybe some Berkeley some-some
Berkeley some Charles Charles Charles uh
and it was really fun and it was great
and I don't know what happened which
means either everyone's wrong or I'm
just blind and think everything I do is
great yeah well that's that's that's
always possible although I don't i know
you know i have seen accidentally videos
from the turks you know because other
people are watching them somebody sends
that at one point i was trying to make a
tape and i had to look through some
stuff so i guess I have looked at but I
had there was a specific purpose there
wasn't there's never that way right
would it be a better player right I mean
I'm not I'm not here I'm not a guy who
hit 317 with 31 homeruns and then the
next year struggles and I'm not going
back to see if I open it up my okay so
yeah more than last year but drop of the
shoulder break for the answer right I
don't understand yeah
just all my power I'm not looking at the
tape so um so I first I mean I love
Ricky I know I don't that's that's too
much I'm acquainted with Ricky no I I
just I don't detest really so I have
obviously harboring a severe grudge
based on one Twitter mention know what
it is with that is that it it that was a
that that served as a sort of a perfect
coalescing of feelings as a come on man
like can we have some can there be some
broadcasters here like some people whose
job it is to communicate information are
we just gonna put anybody on so Ricky
ended up Ricky slash Kevin Locker II
just ended up taking on that's he's the
definitive coach who keeps getting
rehired in the night probably a little
before your time there's nobody else out
there so Rick unfairly sort of took on
the example of you know being a
professional broadcaster is the thing
I'm proud of it this was the job I would
say that I am right well what is your
overall job you do different time I'm a
broadcaster I'm a communicator this way
right I try I mean I'm not a
communicator I try to communicate ideas
whatever and and there's much people
here just getting in my goddamn way
right that's that in my lowest points
that's what I thought and it was
crystallized by that one innocent
comment yeah
from Rick Straub six years ago here's
here's Rick Strom and why I do like him
I love it love him yeah I like right
yeah uh you didn't say love twice I am I
am familiar with Rick do you drop the l
word frequently how what do you reserve
looking down this is my love for extra
look into that guy I look in here one I
love Rick drop the big
no I write I do love Ricky when Ricky
was off away I tried to get him hired on
some stuff you know why cuz he's a
workhorse say he's a workhorse cuz he
busts his ass that's right and you know
what maybe he's a little frazzled cuz he
has to do pre-production he just waltz
in and say 958 for a 10 o'clock show I
thought by the way I was sure my the
guys I told John I thought I was gonna
get their 959 I should get so she get
some early actually get some coffee but
I do think that as a broadcaster when
when you hadn't just usually the because
when we do the damage report in the
morning when when the guests show up in
like oh crap I gotta move but with you
you show up because you don't need to do
much prep I was like I was just read the
stories right right I'm like he's gonna
show up it's gonna be fine
but I didn't have that internal trigger
to be like I should probably get ready
for the show right you're right yeah if
they're here right ya know so I and I
and obviously I undermined myself here
too because like yeah and you becomes a
self-fulfilling prophecy well how so
like that like showing up at 9:58 like
like I said you know I started to get so
frustrated that there wasn't sufficient
production here and I don't mean like I
don't need women bells and whistles but
I mean I always thought this should just
be more producers who had a real sense
and I tried so argument I lost right
because that was money that we're Jack
didn't want to spend money right and
Jake is such a force of will they didn't
need a lot of production yeah doesn't
think he needs production any any he's
so skilled at functioning on his own but
the result is is that we built a a Scott
an interesting direction he held us that
we built a a business here whose success
is based on the work product the
structure of the work product churned
out by one guy and I don't think most
other people in the world not just here
are capable of doing what he does which
is
memorizing things in weight he doesn't
even try to he just read something and
he remembers him and then can turn that
into a coach and argument without
significant assistance and we obviously
have way more production than we used to
and things of things have changed
dramatically since then but I used to
get frustrated and and for some reason
that one moment with Rick that was like
yeah that's right I'm here and I don't
mean like I'm here what's happened in my
life but like and I thought no no no no
you're not supposed to say that
here we're on the same team and so I
have that was pride 2012 not really this
is a question I have you've said
multiple times yeah like years I can't
do that
what done what someone said this hat
that I'm wearing then I do want your
thoughts on later
I've already shared my thoughts on the
hat with you what did you say one of the
worst droughts I've ever seen yeah and
we crossed it off my list of things I
asked obviously don't retain criticism I
only retain phrase I'm not criticizing
you criticize that but I mean I did you
know it looks terrible
but I don't think it looks terrible no I
think it looks hilarious no let me
rephrase it
it doesn't look terrible I think you
know it's an incredibly goofy awful hat
and that's part of what makes it yeah
yeah it is it is a magazine I used to be
afraid of when I got my hair cut at the
barber but I get was there and I was
like you've thrashed that hat is that
how it works the way Judah Friedlander
hands work right yeah yeah nobody thinks
great hat I mean they do but they mean
like great ironic you're clever hat not
like hey where can I get one of those
that would look great with my my new
Canali jacket no good for you yeah the
Hat I do think looks it's bold and fun I
got it in Japan it reminds me of that
trip sure it's also one of two hats that
I own and I do know it is ridiculous
yeah sure they're there for it's good I
was that it turns around I was however
at Brent's deli in Wesley
village not the one in the valley that's
the one I grew up going to but the one
in West where's Westlake Village
Thousand Oaks ish that's not the valley
it's like it's like beyond we're in 805
at that right okay it's all real almost
in Ventura County
we're in Bear Valley that's Ventura
County Thousand Oaks is like either
though Yeah right there north east or
south yes some County boy the casual um
its northernmost southernmost anyways
I'm there and as I'm wearing this hat
having him waiting to have lunch with my
mom a kid walks by and he's like 9 and
he goes I like your hat and I can't deny
it part of me was just like yeah I'm
cool I have probably you have two hats
yeah I have I mean I've had 200 I
probably have like 140 why would you
with right that's the largest mane of
Luck's I don't wear a lot cuz that
because it's amazing coincidentally hair
up before I meet the world before I go
downstairs like I'll fix my hair before
I go home when you put in your hair with
my family you break bread it won't break
bread what's that yeah but Jake and I
discussed I don't like to start the day
without washing my face and running
water through my hair I suddenly feel
not clean but able right alike hey man
if something happened I'm not humiliated
all day like oh man that guy you know
that a bad so it's a humiliation factor
it's not like for me if I don't wash my
hair like I can feel how greasy it wow I
washed my hair laughs and I washed my
hair like you know once or twice a week
what's I mean I take showers and my hair
gets wet I take showers I take 9 10 12
showers a week like my hair first of all
is leaving me very quickly but like it
is just this gross oily blob on top of
my head right now what would I think you
should see what happens if you don't
wash it for four days take showers
what's your face just don't sure so
water in the hair or
water in the shower I just don't put
soap in my hair the water cleans my hair
my hair first of all how dirty is your
hair it gets oily is all hell not
everybody's I mean my mind my it doesn't
and when my gets oily there's a whole
different kind of look that you love it
look at your little murky glow that you
so I have all these hats and you want a
nine-year-old to walk by and tell you I
like your hat
I literally want an 89 year old to walk
past me and say I remember the st. Louis
Browns sportsmen back
I'm a great I have my grandfather's hat
us their heads were so small yeah and so
I've now been told by Hasan that what
the Hat says how you pronounce his name
has son that I have wearing a those hats
with what I'm wearing or which but
what's known as dad hats oh yeah I know
here cuz I don't I I can't wear a hat
like give me other half like can I
adjust it you're at your one off right
okay yeah don't know how big your heads
gonna be no I just don't break it I
don't want it I don't want to totally
ruin my hair I mean first of all you
have increased I know you were it was
better before
I went the wrong direction Thrasher
let's see how this works out I mean it
looks good no it's hideous it's hideous
and I won't do I mean the first of all
the fact that you could eat off the brim
of his hat who's ridiculous so my dad a
hat is supposed to be like this it is
supposed to be I won't do it cuz you
won't you don't want it done but that's
ridiculous
no one should be able to do this you
know right your phone should not stay oh
no brother your ass so first of all now
you look dynamite
Beckett means explain dodging second why
yeah why why must you do that to the
brim of the Hat because that's how it's
done because that's how that's how guys
did it in 1880 the first Brasher
magazine the first ball players you know
and also that protects the Sun that to
get them the idea is to protect the Sun
you know there's that is that great must
protect the Sun this will protect the
Sun more no won't you get hit from the
side
I want you you're a smart man I want you
to think about what you just said by
doing this you are shrinking the width
of your brim how in the world you can't
you can't see that you're gonna get hit
from the Sun from the peripherally so if
I do this yeah if you do that right then
you've rear protected from the Sun yeah
look at that by the way that all of a
sudden that hat went from an F to a
d-minus
just like that and I get it I don't mind
this it's just that I'm afraid to break
it like I had to fix it $9.00 that
looked so much better oh it's great
that's great
it's not a kid dad hat is not that the
dad dad doesn't have any of the
reinforcements no no the dad hat is all
sort of sloped yeah it's like an old
school baseball hat those are the
baseball caps right the ones where you
have well you see guys like flicking it
on their head and they can't catch their
head the right way they like it all
collapses there's no integrity
hang on guy with hat backwards in Sun
it's one of my favorite it's one of my
favorite photos I hope yeah there's a
man with a hat on
I don't know and we're probably not
giving proper you know credit we provide
this so a little prize belongs to
somebody make sure nobody's gonna be
absolutely I got nothing I don't care
so here we go so you're trying to keep
here yeah there's nothing there it's
just but I was making it so area so this
is it there's a great photo so if we can
here I'll hold it up we get some
production in here to zoom in on it yeah
so it's a good time using his hand to
shield his face from the Sun because
once
what do you this is this is why you
here's what this guy's not doing on
November 6th vote it doesn't matter all
the parties are the same
everybody's corrupt everybody's corrupt
would I park my car man is loser uh can
you call my friend could you call
could you call Bob could you got kinky
and husband sorry I'm playing candy
crush um yeah so hast old me those are
called dad ads and I've also now been on
TCM like when I do a lead-in that's
particularly funny someone on Twitter
will will respond Oh
then again with the dad jokes do you get
better at dad jokes the more of a kid
you have no I mean I just think young
people think that jokes are dad jokes
like they don't just jokes correct yeah
then you're right right and and I guess
that's true I would just also like to
point out that you think it not allowed
to say is to him anymore so switch it up
and I'll go with Chris Rock and Jerry
Seinfeld you know Louis right so we'll
go with Chris Rock and Jerry Seinfeld
those are debts those are dad those are
dad's dad's or dads are funny right now
I think I was watching like crashing or
something there's one of those shows
that feature like comedian I like crash
yeah yeah I like littlez
sometimes I'm just like you know who's
funny in the show everyone else yeah
Pete Holmes is gonna make this episode
whenever they make an episode about how
awkward Pete Holmes is being and how he
ruins it for himself I'm like let's talk
to Artie Lange ptj is kind of a piece
right now but I would prefer to hear his
raspy voice over you even though the
reason like it's obvious that Pete
Holmes is a delightful happy person
fantastic and comedians comedian because
everyone wants to do his show yeah yeah
great guy but I'm like well let's follow
through on that
you'd be nice and let everyone else be
fantastic anyways but I was watching
that and I forgot what I was gonna say
about it
you were watching I was watching one of
those shows you're we're watching
crashing maybe it wasn't crashing
watching a comedy show dad jokes Oh dad
jokes yeah yeah and it's authenticity is
what people want they just want you to
tell a story that's right they just want
you to tell you something funny be weird
about it be awkward mm and then though
that's what's funny but the art of
crafting a joke not so much
yeah I had a conversation with and I'm
very curious about this I want to be
alive in in in in 50 years or let's go
be realistic 40 years mostly you think
so so I can see Brett Kavanaugh leave
the Supreme Court to the magic so I want
to be alive to know whether those two
guys for example and again I used to be
Louie and you know Louie's obviously was
incredibly funny so whether that humor
right will still be funny like whether
in question because like I was talking
to a guy at a party last weekend a funny
guy a professionally funny person mm-hmm
don't tell me the name no I won't know
who who was who was talking about the
film it's a mad mad mad mad world and
how funny that was to him because he's a
little older than I am and he'd seen it
as a kid and how great how funny
Jonathan winters was and I think
Jonathan winters is funny but but for
the most part like I watched some older
comedians and I don't who were
unquestionably funny at the brilliant at
the time and maybe it's that their
public work had to be so sanitized
because there were just things we could
not talk about like even divorce right
right so that in life we now know you
hear stories about Milton Berle and
right like clearly Milton Berle was
spectacularly funny right but every time
I saw Milton Berle
I would think dad joke Bradford yeah
who was anybody laughing at this but I
think if Milton Berle had had been able
to add a Netflix special or an HBO
special or a Comedy Central special he
would have killed yes I think looking
back there are some cuz I've gone back
and listened to I remember one time I
broke out both my Cosby record mm-hmm
from my mom's collection whenever end
the the Steve Martin record let's get
small and I listened to them both and I
remember being a kid and listening to
the like Noah's Ark ride what's an ark
it just losing it because I like the way
he said the word right you know what's
the stuff that when you're a kid you're
just like well it's on a record right
must be runny this is a movie Vishal
they made it don't just make any movie I
mean Who am I not to like this ring
right but I remember listening to that
and then it was Steve Martin and Steve
Martin was just out of time like it
wasn't I listened to the Bill Cosby
think that took place in an era it
seemed it was trapped there
it didn't transcendent but Steve
Martin's bits I was like you could tell
these right now
you could tell these jokes right now and
at the time it would have to have been
2000 and like seven and I was like oh
you can tell you could do this now wait
so Steve Barton eleven years ago I'm
talking about 11 years ago I realest and
Martin's 1979 let's get King Tut yes his
bits when he was still like playing a
banjo ramblin man I am bill and ' lamb
ramblin man like those things that was
that was timeless and I also you go back
and you listen to some of the like old I
had a bunch of tapes that were old
comedians and it was like oh this is a
vaudeville era I think but then you
listen to like a bit done by Lenny Bruce
and he's definitely got like the hip
stuff but it's like this is a this is
weirdly and read his book it's like I
think the vernacular is still stuff that
you would see not the vernacular but
like these jokes are like jokes you tell
now about so I've heard enough of
because what I've heard
Lenny Bruce makes me think what was so
great about Lenny Bruce but as I the
words come out of my mouth I know I'm
wrong like I know it I mean I know that
I know that I am ill-informed maybe in
the end I'll be proven right but I
haven't listened to enough and I know
that those guys the fact the things you
couldn't say the the sensors that change
that changed them so that why I think
it'll be interesting about Seif Eldin
and and Sarah Silverman and Chris Rock
and and Maria Bamford like these
stunningly original brilliant comedians
today like they have freedom they can
say anything and so will that fifty
years from now will my daughter think
that great vampers nutty and weird and
so funny right but I've gone back and
listen to old Seinfeld stuff and I'm
like you know it's just like everyone
became a version of him okay so much
that it's not it's not quite well I've
told the story here but it still bears
repeating so like a year and a half ago
he's playing the Pantages and you know
it's Los Angeles so nobody wants to go
because she even talked about this and
the act like you know you live in Santa
Monica and you got to go to the Pantages
to see Jerry Seinfeld a o'clock it feels
like he's I'd rather go to the dentist
like I mean nothing sounds worse than I
gotta get in the car at 6:30 and drive
yeah no we'll make a date of it and
we'll have dinner first Jesus I believe
a 5:30 everything every part of this
sounds horrible yeah Larry Miller's
gonna open for it's great that was great
but I don't want to go I don't want to
hear from either of these two bozos so
um so we get there we go and Larry
Miller opens Larry Miller is funny just
a great great great storyteller funny
conservative but a great great
storytelling especially yeah what he did
in 10 Things I Hate About You wouldn't
let the girl leave the house is that
right that was just his character I
don't remember or in the belly and then
Jerry comes out and he does whatever he
does 75 minutes or whatever and Weezy
and you're like ah right no one ever
better right and now I've told other
comedians that story and they also and
when I get to that
wait there all day all go right the best
yeah
just owned the room so good and then and
the thing of it is you know that you
gotta think he doesn't work blue right
right but it seemed like he did like he
still managed somehow to talk about sex
and loss of desire and wanted to be in
furious at your wife and hating your
kids and things that you think that he
would be it would be verboten for him
and he talked about everything somehow
and never cursed and never did anything
he would be and it was just brilliant
and you thought afterwards this was
almost worth it but he was so I so I
hear you that some of the stuff from the
eighties but that's I'm just curious I
really want to know whether these guys
will will be funny or who's gonna who's
gonna be the one who like who's the
front-runner in your mind that you're
sure is gonna hold on would answered
Louie but to you to a year and a half
total all the PP stuff right and you
know but I mean Louie and Chris Rock I
always just thought these guys were
different levels of funny but then I so
I then I got to go to two whose was it
it was was it Steve Steve Martin's AFI
Award okay
and as you might imagine they didn't
have any trouble booking for Steve
Martin's AFI Award and one of the people
who spoke is the guy he tours with now
and I guess one of his closest friends
or at least closest professional friends
Martin shorten right and I haven't seen
Martin Short in years and who aren't
short and I mean like Sarah Silverman
came out and I would have given her a 98
right and then Tina Fey came out and I
would be like oh my gosh she's better
than Sarah so when I given her a 99 but
they were both a pluses they were just
they crushed it right in there and then
Martin Short came at anybody
oh my god he just did a hundred he just
it was the most I never I came out of it
and I thought huh I didn't realize that
Martin Short was the funniest person in
North America yeah and then I went to
some pre-oscar event called the Oscar
Wilde awards or the
like Irish Irish American society gives
out these now they gave out some stems
as Zachary Quinto got one and Chris Pine
introduced him Chris Pines funny yes no
I interviewed Chris cause I got the
hello and his head so big and gorgeous I
mean everything about it I did I was at
the the this started where the for
Paramount I did the red carpet at the
starchy premiere and I was just like is
everything you want to say to the fans
who came out here and he did like ten
minutes of just an appreciation yeah I
was behind him and I was I was looking
at his boots and I'm like I had to get
those boots this guy is tall man in
front of me and he had on there and this
is coat it was a little as before the it
was cold for LA like they had heaters
and so people had on some long coats and
he had this beautiful coat that you just
wanted to touch right and then the hair
and I was like Oh too much and I'm like
I'm like that's Herod I go I'm not often
this jealous of another man's hair and
then event and I was right behind him
and then he had no idea it was they turn
around and then he spoke and I was like
oh yeah sake he's funny dude he's one of
those actors that looks like he's
probably short that's right you think
you're a see Chris Pine you know five
six five six right with she would've
lifts an issue right but no Chris Pines
like six - yeah Chris Pines a man a
force to be reckoned with right I expect
to be jealous just cuz of my own
personality of like Ryan Reynolds Chris
Pratt like that kind of guy who was like
I think worked out and got high like
whatever but frickin I'm not expecting
to be wildly envious of Christoph oh
you're so fantastic so good so you're at
this laughter O'Hara gets up yeah
introduces the the the main recipient of
JJ Abrams emceed the thing and and then
at the end of the night they gave their
whatever the main Oscar Otto it's a
Martin Short and I just seen him like
four months earlier at the Steve Martin
thing or whatever wasn't know
and not long before and then he did his
thing in front of this relatively small
crowd at this bar and like Santa Monica
or something and and I was like I who's
this good who's this unbelievable
and he was a little bolder because it
wasn't on TV right so he could be
particularly scathing I don't know
you're this can't go on any longer I'm
gonna say Martin Short it might be wrong
I got a hang a hat on it
so I did on the go you can still listen
to t whitey out our new podcast network
find us on Apple podcasts the Google
Play Store or TYT calm slash podcast
I'll see you there
