Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to t y-t-dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts
one of the Democrats who has been very
clear in her disdain for corporate PAC
money and has rejected corporate PAC
money is Alexandria
Acacio Cortes and she had the sunny
upset in New York she beat out a you
know an establishment Democrat who was
expected to be the next speaker in
Congress well here's some great news
turns out that Republicans conservatives
they're incredibly afraid of her and
they can't stop fear-mongering about her
and recently there was a video that went
viral on Facebook featuring a woman
named Allie Stuckey someone who I had
debated on HLN about democratic
socialism the video was cut together to
make it appear that like Allie Stuckey
was interviewing Acacio Cortez it was a
doctored video there was no indication
that it was satire when it was initially
posted on Facebook and here is what the
video looked like Alexandria thanks for
being here thank you thank you for
having me do you have any experience
that qualifies you for this job I was
growing up during the the Clinton era
and then basically when I was in middle
school 9/11 happened do you have any
knowledge whatsoever about how our
political system works mmm yikes
but socialism into your own words
unprecedented concentration of wealth at
the very top tippy top of the 1% Wow I'm
I'm kind of surprised to hear you admit
that it sounds like what's going on in
socialist Venezuela mm-hmm what do you
think about what's going on in Venezuela
just an increasing crisis of
humanitarian condition and to me it
would just be completely unacceptable if
that happened on our shores well
couldn't that happen here if if we
adopted socialism it's hard to say what
direction that that takes I am NOT the
expert on geopolitics didn't you major
in
national relations in college Middle
Eastern politics is not exactly with at
my kitchen table every night Venezuela
is not in the Middle East I may not use
the right words well this has been
enlightening thank you so much for
coming on so that video was viewed a
million times by people on Facebook and
as I mentioned it previously had no
indication that it was satire and you
can tell by the viewers reactions in the
comment sections a lot of people
actually it's amazing but genuinely
believed that that was a real interview
later after receiving backlash they
titled it appropriately and mentioned
that it was satire but the clips of
Alexandria costume Cortese were from her
interview with PBS's firing line and I
just find it interesting because if
first of all that wasn't funny so if it
was an attempt to be satirical you
failed miserably
you're not the Daily Show there isn't
any anything clever or funny about that
video whatsoever but more importantly
here's what you do when you come across
political ideas or a political ideology
that you disagree with you fight ideas
with ideas right you fight with evidence
with data statistics and you make your
point Allie Stuckey is really bad at
doing that and so an easy way of doing
this is to just defame someone and try
to write them off as an idiot who
doesn't know what she's talking about
the only idiot here is the person who's
unwilling to have a real debate about
what democratic socialism is so yeah so
no there's more idiots it's their
viewers and I'll tell you why they did
it
so they describe the video initially as
Stuckey grilling across here Cortez
about her quote socialist agenda and
knowledge of government or lack thereof
so it was labeled to get you to believe
that it was real and it had an emoji at
the end if that helps okay and and so
what they were counting on is the people
who watch us are not bright they're
conservatives and so they will we'll get
to call a satire but we know that they
won't say
it's satire and when they saw the
comment section they must have known
immediately hey I can't believe what a
complete moron she is I can't believe
she doesn't open as well as not in the
Middle East if you thought it was satire
and a doctor the tape you would know
that she didn't answer Venezuela to the
question about the Middle East right
right but if you read the comment
section no the Conservatives are furious
no anything the irony of that is
hilarious
because this conservative organizations
knows our viewers are dumb they won't be
able to figure it out
so we'll deceive them and then we won't
do anything unless we're caught and if
we're caught after we're caught we'll
say Oh
satire we always meant it for it to be
said to her well nobody took it as
satire and and that's the entirety of
the point which is unfortunately it is
much easier for these conservatives just
spread their fake news and get it viewed
by a lot of people their retraction or
their labeling of it afterwards no one
doesn't get anywhere near as many views
I mean the people people who have
commented and seen that video they've
already seen the video what makes you
think they're gonna go back and read the
description again I mean it's just not
gonna happen and by the way if this
organization was known for satire then
that's one thing but they're not known
for satire it is a conservative outlet
that does conservative content and look
I think I was supposed to debate Allie
Stuckey again today on HLN and I don't
know I mean she dropped out last minute
it could have been for a good reason I
don't know what the reason was but I did
have an interaction with her in regard
to democratic socialism and she you know
takes a page out of the conservative
playbook just fear monger about it
because we don't like the ideas so I
want to just show you a small snippet of
that interaction we had talked about it
on the show previously but it gives you
a sense who of who Allie Stuckey is
first of all Democratic Party has moved
much further to the lessons 1990 that's
not an opinion you can look at Pew
Research on
surely every single issue since 1990 the
entirety of the Democratic Party has
moved to the fact where as a Republican
to state about the same so it's just not
true to say that this is some kind of
reform going back to the original
purpose of the Democratic Party the fact
of the matter is is that they're putting
socialist candidates out there and
socialism has not worked you can tell me
Dimmick retic socialism is different
it's not true it's just socialism that
you choose it is not possible to
maintain a capitalist society in which
the government takes over the means of
production it doesn't work it hasn't
worked in the past it doesn't work now
there are hundreds of millions of dead
and buried people that can attest to the
danger of socialism and communism a few
a few if you hate no you are confusing
democratic socialism
I'm not socialism no one is looking to
overthrow a capitalistic system I
believe in capitalism but what we have
right now is crony capitalism and the
American people in general that includes
Republicans are sick and tired of it if
you look at the approval rating for
donald trump's massive tax cuts for
corporations even among republicans the
approval rating has dropped considerably
because people have noticed already
benefiting the top one percent not the
american pitch wages remain stagnant and
by the way a federal judge that was
appointed by Bush by Bush just struck
down the zero tolerance policy under the
Trump administration indicating that yes
the right wing has moved further to the
right I want to make a quick
clarification so in the very beginning
of that because I was furious
I said you're confusing democratic
socialism with socialism I forgot to at
allit Aryan socialism right so they
think of the USSR they think of you know
what happened in Cuba of course we
already have socialist programs here in
the United States that actually do
really well with voters Medicare Social
Security those are programs that
Americans don't want cut but she just
fearmongers about it I mean it's it's
incredible well look now I'm a little
afraid of what's been created here and
I'll tell you why
so was she right about anything no
everything she said was wrong you could
look at the polling and it shows the
Republican Party has moved massively to
the right I know that I used to be a
Republican and
such thing as liberal Republicans
banking data doesn't exist anymore on
every issue the Republican Party's move
to the right and the Democratic Party
has moved to the right the Democrats
used to be really liberal now they were
mainly corporatist so and that and
that's a feeling that we criticize the
Democrats over all the time and I can go
on and on so what am I afraid of they're
gonna make a star out of our TV is over
they're like wait a young attractive
conservative who gets everything wrong
welcome to prime time yes so that you
might be looking at the next time you
learn they're there like a person who
doesn't know anything but is supports
right wing positions we need right
wingers get around here get around there
get her on air okay and so a star is
born now the person who was actually
saying things that were correct like
well now we get called liberal all the
time so we don't want any liberals on
air but if you're a knucklehead
conservative you will get all the press
coverage you want so even though she did
fake news here in this you know doctored
video with Alexandra Casa of Cortez if
I've got media figured out right and
we've seen it a hundred times already
this will help her career oh yeah media
star is born
yeah because the the reality is the
mainstream media doesn't care whether
you're telling the truth or you're lying
they're just looking for to appease
right-wingers and in a minute they get a
right winger like this they will give
them more airtime than you could
possibly imagine two easy ways follow
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you are notified of our videos
