Donald Trump's tariffs have been
absolutely disastrous for various
industries throughout the United States
but particularly for farmers and so
Trump is doing what he typically does
when he's in trouble and when he's
getting called out for a failed policy
or a bad behavior he doubles down and
that's exactly what's happening today in
fact he is responding to Republican
lawmakers who have been criticizing him
and these tariffs and of course he did
so in the form of the tweet because
that's what Trump typically does he says
every time I see a weak politician
asking to stop trade talks or the use of
tariffs to counter unfair tariffs
I wonder what can they be thinking are
we just going to continue and let our
farmers and country get ripped off lost
817 billion on trade last year no
weakness now the farmers themselves are
deeply unhappy with what's going on with
these tariffs because they are concerned
about destroying trade relations and
contracts that they took years to
establish they're worried that it's not
just the financial downfall that they'll
experience this year but a financial
downfall that will extend for years to
come
and so you know Trump's response to that
was all right we're gonna give you some
money but farmers aren't happy about
that and we will get to that later now
Donald Trump also claims that
negotiations are going really well
be cool the end result will be worth it
and he also says they are being vicious
meaning China in what will be their
failed attempt we were being nice until
now China made 517 billion dollars on us
last year so I want to stop there for a
second first off I acknowledge that
China has made a terrible mistake in
allowing the United States to owe its
country 1.18 trillion dollars the u.s.
is in debt to China to the tune again of
1.1 8 trillion dollars now I mean it's
just fascinating how Trump's narrative
of all of this is very one-sided the
u.s. is being taken advantage of well
again the u.s. owes China a lot of money
right and so if China wanted to dump US
Treasury bonds it would be disastrous
for their own economy
but that would be a nuclear option that
would destroy our economy as well and we
put ourselves in that situation we
didn't have to borrow from China we
chose to borrow from China China was it
gave it to us and you know if you're
looking for to borrow money and somebody
gives it to you they're not being a mean
to you they're being nice to it but
anyway all this is meaningless it's all
business right so all right now let me
break down two things that are important
first I actually think the first part of
what Trump said in a tweet is not wrong
I if you're trying to show a united
stance and you have people in your own
country not backing you it does make
negotiation harder so I think he's right
about that
now I don't think that his stance here
is the logical one and I understand why
people are saying that they don't agree
with it but it does make the
negotiations more difficult for example
when and I'm always try to look at it
what if two shoes on the other foot when
Obama was trying to do negotiations with
Iran and many other countries but
particularly with Iran the Republicans
here literally sent a letter to the
Ayatollah saying Obama doesn't represent
us and we're gonna betray him okay which
was unbelievable and hurt the
negotiations he wound up pulling it off
anyway but but feriss ferriss
so now again this is mainly the
Republican Party saying it's a terrible
idea and undercutting Trump but it they
are undercutting him
they are undercutting him but I would
argue that this is one of the rare
instances where Republicans Republican
lawmakers are doing the right thing now
are there instances where trade
negotiations make sense threatening
other countries with tariffs makes sense
of course right but as I've said a
billion times on the show it's a nuanced
issue that you have to be knowledgeable
about and Trump is not knowledgeable
about this he's just slapping on
arbitrary tariffs left and right many of
which are impacting our relationship
with allies long-standing allies and so
I feel as though lawmakers don't know
what else to do because Trump
unilaterally does things that are
completely disastrous his own aides are
against this his own economic advisors
you know behind the scenes are against
this based on the reporting that we've
seen and so yeah it's making your job
harder for a good reason because you're
not what is your negotiation what are
you gonna try to do so far all we've
seen from him is I don't think this is
fair so I'm gonna slap on
tariffs and then of course the countries
that he's done this to will retaliate
and his form of negotiating is I'm gonna
do more tariffs
yeah that's not negotiating yes so look
I don't agree with his policies so but
I'm just pointing out that he is being
undercut now his policies are stupid for
a number of reasons one is he never had
an endgame he never thinks more than one
step ahead so they're like hey Donald
Trump if you do tariffs against China
they will do reciprocal tariffs against
you and the minute he de do it he said
what why did they do the tariffs what
they're being so vicious no you schmuck
any country when there's a tariff
against them does a reciprocal tariff
that's why you don't start those trade
Wars and then he says they're being so
vicious by targeting the farmers because
they know it hurts me yeah what did you
think they were gonna do be nice to you
you slapped hundreds of billions of
dollars of tariffs on them of course
they were gonna try to hit you where it
hurt not where it doesn't hurt but the
fact that he's surprised by that is
what's amazing like oh it turns out they
hit the farmers of course they were
gonna hit the farmers you idiot right
and then finally for in terms of why he
doesn't understand anything look at the
last part of the tweet and he says this
over and over again
he said we lost eight hundred and
seventeen billion dollars on trade last
year I think that he actually believes
we just lost the money right it's gone
no it's a trade and yes so for example
we have a trade surplus with Canada even
though he doesn't realize that so it's
not that we took money from Canada it's
that we sold them more Goods than they
sold us but they bought our goods we
bought their goods they didn't just we
didn't just take their money and the
China didn't just take our money exactly
we didn't lose eight hundred and
seventeen billion dollars that's not how
trade works to give you a sense of it
how it works in your life when you have
a trade deficit with your car dealership
let's say you paid thirty thousand
dollars for your car did he just take
thirty thousand dollars from you you
gave them thirty thousand dollars they
gave you a car that's how it works if
you were two different countries you
would
trade deficit to them but you didn't
lose the money you got a car for it
hey but he doesn't understand that I
think he literally believes where did
the money go
the eight hundred and seventeen billion
dollars it's gone we lost it we got to
get it back oh my god you're so stupid
two easy ways for Young Turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
you
