every few months there's like a
blockbuster article about in cells and
the in cell community what is the in
cell community it is the involuntarily
celibate it is a group of people who say
that they can't have sex with anyone but
it's not their fault it's due to society
and women and we'll get into it one of
the aspects of it that this article from
The Huffington Post that I think
contributed to the fact that the website
in question not having a post but the
one of references crashed while I was
researching this is because it's so
fascinating it's called looks maxing
looks maxing is what in cells apparently
do it's a forum it's it's a lot of
places where people get together and
talk and obsess over how people look
here is what a post on look maxing looks
masks maxing site looks like it is
worthy of blonde hair girl rape me
should I cut my filth room or get a new
chin anyone got neck training
transformation pics we'll get to that in
a second ugly asymmetrical seeking
advice what's the best both for a
plastic surgeon it's where a bunch of
guys go and say it's what is that I if
I'm not mistaken it's when you get
surgery to remove bags under your eyes I
could be wrong but I think that's what
that is
that's from lookism dotnet one moment I
just want to focus on the neck training
okay I was like what the hell is neck
training I also know a little bit about
tell me about you know why cuz I'm a
woman okay what is that um I think it's
when and by the way I don't know exactly
what they're referring to but from what
I gather it's when you have a little bit
of you know extra like weight around my
neck I guess and then there are
exercises you can do to kind of tighten
it up so yeah yes for the guys on the in
cell community it is the the thickness
of your neck is a sign of masculine
masculine male side it's get a bigger
neck so I started clicking and I start
clicking and then finally they I get to
a site that says here is what a neck
training exercise look like looks like
and you can watch a man demonstrate all
three take a look
it's amazing and it's a mix cuz it's it
was so weird to go through all of these
that guy by the way it's just a video he
made of training his neck he's not like
party nominee but they point to him so I
don't want to be like he's the guy
behind it all I'm terrified for that guy
I hope he's careful because he could
really cause some serious damage with
that exercise I'm just worried about him
anyway
yeah so it's weird because on this
website I saw things like I'm 14 years
old and I think that I'm ugly tell me
how I'm ugly tell me how I can improve
my my face and there's picture after
picture of like here's the golden ratio
as it applies to the perfect face and
it's this obsession
yeah and part of that is super sad to me
yeah absolutely
I mean especially when you know some of
these guys are so young and you want to
know who's involuntarily celibate at
your age
99.9 percent of the male population like
it's just yeah and and so look believe
me wanting to improve you know physical
appearance is not something that's that
I'm above obviously you know like I've
done stuff namely I got a nose job sighs
yeah which I don't have any regrets
about and I also don't feel ashamed
about at all but I also know what it's
like to feel insecure or worry about
your physical appearance and it's not a
good feeling it's especially not a good
feeling when you're very young and I
just don't want these guys to hurt
themselves like I didn't make any
physical changes until I was 26 that was
when I had my nose job and it was
because your face changes a lot your
body changes a lot yeah you know like my
husband was super skinny when he was in
his teens like tiny tiny tiny and then
all of a sudden he had a growth spurt
and he's not so tiny anymore but that
was 135 pounds yeah it's six feet tall
sorry six eight I don't know you'll know
but six eight I'm six eight seven one
anyways but here's the thing it's like
on one side it is sad but then here
there's a certain psychological studies
that kind of and and psychologists who
are pointing out the dangers of it as
you've obviously read in the news and
maybe when you're watching this you're
like but what about
but the terrible side of himself yeah
this is a a psychologist who said males
tend to take rejection as a challenge to
their masculinity or an insult to their
perceived place in the social hierarchy
women are likely to feel emotionally
hurt by the rejection and to assume that
there is something lacking in them that
warranted the rejection this is
according to Susan Diggs white chair of
the Northern Illinois University
department of counseling
she says the women are encouraged to
quote get over it but men often feel the
need to get even and that is the
terrifying part of the in some community
message board where they Revere people
who have actually turned violent and
they have a lot of they're like avatar
their profile pic is like a murderer
jeez yeah I mean it is it is scary and I
think that the frustration that you see
you know sexual frustration that you see
from in cells is something that has
always existed but with the internet it
helps to get people together you know
and and converse about it and I think
mobilize people with certain movements
that aren't productive in any way I
think that it makes all the sense in the
world to want to improve yourself right
and I feel like you know when it comes
to this physical stuff it's hey what can
I do to improve myself to get a
girlfriend or find intimacy whatever but
I just there so yeah some of these guys
are so young and so impressionable and I
worry about them getting you know
indoctrinated into a form of ideology
that's yes incredibly violent and scary
but also even if it doesn't get to that
point just destructive for their own
lives right so I don't I don't know what
to say about it but there's there's all
sorts of crazy procedures and surgeries
that they discuss in these forums that I
had never heard of yes
really quickly on like how it can turn
bad there's some here's a quote from
someone who said women and society have
dejected us into loneliness and
depression their obsession with looks
has driven many of us who don't fit
their standards to anger and homicidal
tendencies this is not the result of
mental illness it is a normal response
to prejudicial behavior what's the
Senate for in sells ugly men to follow
your social rules when your actions good
or bad will never be rewarded it's like
I just want to point out like there's so
many like a lot of them say like women
are obsessed with your looks it's like
are you like yeah kind of it is kind of
funny because you know when it comes to
genders and attraction women yes of
course everyone cares about attraction
but women are more likely to oh he makes
me laugh oh he's so smart that's the
reason why you have so many young women
who end up wanting to date their
professors it's because they're
attracted to his mind or whatever it is
right and of course there's also the
attraction to power that definitely
exists as well whereas for men you know
and this is generally speaking they're
they're much more in tune to the
physical aspects of the person yeah and
there's a difference between a support
group and this echo chamber yeah and
this doesn't seem to be the support
group it seems like an echo chamber I
will point out some of the interesting
things that you that that are the
procedures height maxing is one of the
things so that's getting taller how do
you do that there's we don't have a
grant for this but it's like I'm not
making I'm not taking the leg I'm not
talking about the leg lengthening
surgery for example I'm on em K 677 and
doing LS JL regularly with a calcium
rich diet there's also a plastic surgeon
I'm gonna go to the last two graphics
it's a D maxing for your your gonads
darn big enough let's just like go into
the show or five minute warm-up with hot
water about him as a massage 10-minute
wet jokes with baby oil
five-minute cool down hot water massage
two to three-minute ballooning which
just looked that up you'll have a good
week
two easy ways fall young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and ii is
ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
