the show is over ladies and gentlemen
just a few short months after it began
it is ended I guess it was a couple
years but Ivanka Trump no longer has a
fashion line it started with strong
sales around 2014 they sell handbags
perfume high heels and more but there
were some boycotts it seems like
business wasn't so good and then she had
some other personal issues according to
her statement she says when we first
started this brand no one could have
predicted the success that we would
achieve after 17 months in Washington I
do not know when or if I will ever
return to the business but I do know
that my focus for the foreseeable future
will be the work I am doing here in
Washington so making this decision now
is the only fair outcome for my team and
partners do you buy it so I just want to
quickly focus on the first sentence of
that statement where she said no one
could have believed the success that
we'd achieved that is a common thing
that by the way everyone's guilty of it
I'm sure I've done it to where people
want to put themselves in the position
of an underdog and it's super annoying
and by the way again I'm sure I've done
it and I'm sure I've been annoying but
like no one believed in us but we
achieved so much like dude you're you're
a wealthy woman who happens to be the
daughter of the guy who's now
unfortunately the President of the
United States like I'm pretty sure
people could have predicted that you'd
be successful but that specific phrasing
is the perfect Ivanka ISM mm-hmm because
like you look at her dad and her dad
says like no one would believe everyone
no one would believe that we would ever
be unbelievable success unbelievable
believable believable and Ivanka uses
high vocabulary like no one could have
predicted the success that we would
achieve right she sounds she's much more
articulation she sounds but she sounds
like she's not her dad but she's her dad
yeah it's a great point she's her dad
with a thesaurus I think that this was a
smart move for her because her clothing
line was nothing but it was problematic
for any
thing that she was trying to do right so
for instance one of her recent tweets
and I don't respond to tweets often but
when I do it's the people like you
Branca Trump she tweeted something about
bringing American jobs back to the
United States or creating jobs in the
United States something about the
economy and creating jobs but it was
specifically about bringing jobs back
which I thought was hilarious because
she has never manufactured a single
piece of clothing for her line here in
the United States
everything's been manufactured in other
countries including China Indonesia you
get the picture so I responded to that
and I was like oh that's great does that
mean that you're gonna bring jobs back
from your your clothing line of course
you didn't respond to that but it's you
can't claim to be this wonderful example
of you know creating American jobs and
making America great again when you
don't practice what you preach when you
don't practice what you are demanding of
other companies other corporations in
the u.s. yeah it's interesting because
remember this
she got all those trademarks in China
looking back over their business career
around the time the ZTE thing was
happening there was a report that I
really just there was one line about all
the different trademarks that she got
seemingly at the time when Trump was
leveraging the ZTE scandal it just so
happens his daughter got all these taken
together the trademarks could allow her
brand to market a lifetime's worth of
products in China from baby blankets to
coffins and a host of things between
including perfume makeup bowls mirrors
furniture books coffee chocolate and
honey oh by the way I already said
coffins
that's insane how weird I don't know
versus I guess you know the problem with
you Brett and the problem with with
people on the left yeah is that we don't
have the minds of real entrepreneurs you
should be thinking about high heels and
coffins you should but you don't
everybody needs a coffin that's true
actually funny enough my parents have
thought about that they've already
purchased plots of land that they would
be buried in and that me and my brother
would be buried in that is creepy that
is like I guess practical but terrified
no no but my dad my dad is a
minded individual and he's like hey I
don't want you to have to pay a lot of
money for us and be it's an investment
for you and your brother you guys can
sell that at a premium amazing see
business many people got a Wow Wow yeah
by the way don't care about the plot of
land have no interest in selling it I
just want to do a quick in memoriam I
hadn't looked at Ivanka's outfits if we
could start the music to say goodbye to
Ivanka Trump's fashion line and the
abstract print matte Jersey keyhole neck
top for $49
I asked loan to get the ones she didn't
like very much this is what she so much
$49 Sloan research producer along with
angel on no filter listen to it on
iTunes watch it on YouTube TV also the
brushstroke print slip v-neck peasant
top that is an ugly shirt Sloane is
right mm-hm if you want to look like you
made a shirt out of your six year olds
first watercolor 4740 get it while it
still exists this shoe made from
pheasant pastel pheasant and this one
this next one is a floral I like the
print oh come on I would totally wear
that London but the neck is pop the tie
as part of it she's right this made this
woman very happy but some people oh my
god it was just literally a hundred and
fifty eight dollars get it now
sale ends eight five 18 at Macy's in
addition there's a couple cuts that I
believe slowed called atrocious that
hemline a apparently the flounce hem is
not in style oh I like it though I like
flounce hello here's the next flounce
hem these are after they renovated the
rooms of the Trump Hotel they took the
curtains and made them into
fits and finally this thing it just I
don't like the shape it's formless see
thank you so much
boxy shirts for some reason our thing
and they should not be a thing but
anyway thank you for putting together
that in memoriam it's it's important for
us to really mourn the end of an iconic
fashion line bomber at least I can still
get a coffin two easy ways for Young
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
YouTube you're notified of our videos
