you may have heard these rumors that
Trump might take away security
clearances from former members of the
higher circles in Washington this all
happened after how stinky went over kind
of sorry Helsinki went over kind of
stinky let's put it that way and so when
asked about these rumors this is what
Sarah Sanders had to say during a White
House press press briefing not only is
the president looking to take away
Brennan's security clearance he's also
looking into the clearances of
Comey clapper Hayden rice and McCabe the
president is exploring the mechanisms to
remove security clearance because
they've politicized and in some cases
monetize their public service and
security clearances making baseless
accusations of improper contact with
Russia or being influenced by Russia
against the president is extremely
inappropriate and the fact that people
with security clearances are making
these baseless charges provides
inappropriate legitimacy to accusations
with zero evidence there's a lot to
unpack yes can I start go for it okay
I wish Trump had looked into the
security clearances for Comey and McCabe
before this press conference took place
because they had already had their
security clearances revoked just putting
that out there like just a little bit of
fact-checking before the press
conference takes place that's all I have
to say about that so if you wanted to
wanted to go into like the ghosts of
Facebook originals past you'll see I did
a segment called a honest press
conferences so I covered a lot of Sarah
Huckabee Sanders press conferences and
you know you're in trouble when she
reads because a lot of is like that is a
ridiculous statement I don't will not
dignify that with a response who's next
no I already answered your question
who's next but when like random guy from
the press is like and the guy who does
is one of my favorites he's like so what
do you think of Rand Paul's decision to
tweet about the removing their press
clearances she's like well I'm glad you
asked because our people are
politicizing Andy monetizing public
service and all that stuff it's funny
how this started cuz like four days ago
Tucker Carlson did a thing like
exclusive
well I freaking think was like John
Brennan still has a security clearance
and the reason is a lot of these people
still have security clearance is because
if they have a question about how stuff
was or they want advice on on something
it's just this legacy like lifetime
membership to the library kind of thing
right so so look the argument is from
the Trump administration these are
people who are politicizing the Russia
investigation although I would argue the
person who does the most politicizing of
the Russia investigation is Donald Trump
himself who unprovoked randomly out of
nowhere will start tweeting about how
there was no collusion and no meddling
okay so let's put that aside the whole
purpose of this security clearance is as
brett correctly said is to allow people
who have a long-standing career in the
intelligence community to become advisor
should that be needed right if there is
some questionable thing that comes up
they need expertise they need someone
who knows how to decipher what's going
on how to you know essentially look at
the intelligence and interpret it yeah
that's that's the whole purpose of it
hey you used to do this how would you do
it if you still have this job today and
that's only if they're asked to come in
clapper had a response clapper said he
does not receive briefings or quote have
access to classified information he says
it's frankly more of a courtesy that
former senior officials get the security
clearance and then Hayden stepped in and
said this won't have any Isis I don't go
back for classified briefings won't have
any effect on what I say are right it's
hilarious hating he tweeted later about
how petty this was just like 15 laughing
while crying emojis huh this it all
started you know for this was the tweet
from rand paul saying is john brennan
maas monetizing his security clearance
is john brennan making millions of
dollars divulging secrets to the
mainstream media with his attacks on
donald trump if he devil I get it if
they think he's like this secret source
mm-hmm that's one thing but like making
millions from being the secret source
that's just not gonna
right yeah I know look it is petty and
what I think is the more relevant part
of this story is how Trump wants to
retaliate against anyone who criticizes
him who speaks out about anything that
he's done that might be questionable I
just think it's it's fascinating how
quick Trump is to retaliate against
people that should worry someone right
now does he have the right to revoke
security clearance yes he does but it's
unprecedented for a president to come
forward and say that he is going to
strike back at certain individuals
because they had the gall to speak out
against him or criticize him in any way
yeah here's John Brennan who has you
know I guess in Trump's defense John
Brennan has laid down some pretty meaty
burns against the president
much-deserved
by the way hold him a snake oil salesman
he wrote an op-ed and the editors of
that newspaper he wrote a for it
allegedly said you have to call him mr.
president and Brennan was like no I'm
not gonna do that in the resident Trump
in in the op-ed that he was writing part
of that back and forth for it to get
published in the newspaper he was like
I'm just not gonna call him the
president yeah it's it's a stylistic
thing that I don't understand and it
drives me crazy it's in the New York
Times they refer to him as mr. Trump
throughout the entire you know reporting
and here's more of Brendan's burns which
are Donald Trump's press conference
performance in Helsinki I love saying
how stinky rises to and exceeds the
threshold of high crimes and
misdemeanors it was nothing short of
treasonous not only were trumps comments
imbecilic is wholly in the pocket of
Putin Republican Patriots where are you
so he's practicing his free speech there
and the president wants to retaliate
because he is practicing his free speech
yeah I know that there are a lot of
members of you know that intellectual
dark web that are outraged by this
absolutely they are they're very
outraged by it you know Dave Rubin will
have an hour long discussion with some
random person and refused to ask them a
single question during this interview
because that's that's something that
they really care about big ideas and may
be sure that they represent the First
Amendment right to easy ways to follow
young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you are notified of our videos
you
