Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we've got a
new audio network go to T y-t-dot-com
slash audio and get all of our new
podcasts today Donald Trump tweeted an
unsubstantiated claims regarding Russia
and how the Russian government is
attempting to help Democrats win in the
midterm elections so let me just read
you the tweet verbatim and then we'll
dissect it and give you what the reality
is he says quote I'm very concerned that
Russia will be fighting very hard to
have an impact on the upcoming election
well so far he's correct based on the
fact that no president has been tougher
on Russia than me okay let's stop there
let's stop there okay no one has been
tougher on Russia than me if you can
recall just last week after his
disastrous joint press conference in
Helsinki he was asked by a reporter
whether or not Russia has been targeting
targeting us here in the United States
and here's what he had to say
you said no thank you
Russia is not targeting us well okay so
let's read the rest of his tweet based
on the fact that no president has been
tougher on Russia than me they will be
pushing very hard for the Democrats
really well
Vladimir Putin also spoke to press about
whether or not he wanted Trump to win
the general election what did he have to
say do you have a video on that do you
want to win the election and did you
direct any of your officials to help him
do that
yes I believe they did yes I did because
he talked about bringing the us-russia
relationship back to normal just last
week on the record saying that he wanted
Trump to win the election and here's
Trump today arguing that Russia is going
to meddle in the midterm elections to
help the Democrats okay maybe maybe he's
on to something
I mean you know any Russians that clever
he's on to reports indicating that there
are Democratic candidates who are doing
well in primaries and this is very
similar to what Trump did prior to the
general election in 2016 when he
believed that he was going to lose to
Hillary Clinton what did he say he
repeated over and over again that the
election was rigged
and so when he thinks he's gonna lose or
when he thinks right-wing politics are
not pulling well with the American
people he will claim that something's
been rigged in this case he's claiming
that that Russia is going to meddle on
the Democrats behalf I mean it's
absolutely ridiculous and the only
reason why I'm covering it because who
cares Trump says all sorts of ridiculous
things the only reason why I'm covering
it is because we know what his base is
like and we know that if he plants that
seed and Democrats do perform well
during the midterms their reaction to it
could be dangerous and that's my only
concern
yeah and I mean it's already done like
that based on this tweet alone what
percentage of Republicans now will argue
every you'll see the memes you'll see
the tweets that Russia is actually
working with the Democrats I mean is it
already 15% is it going to be 30% soon I
mean a third of Republicans still don't
think
that Russia meddled in the 2016 election
I'm not even talking about like
colluding with with Trump or anything I
mean were they involved at all like
depending on what day you talk to me
even Trump acknowledges let alone the
rest of his administration and
Republican centers and all that there
should be like one percent of the
country that doesn't acknowledge that it
happened at various points Trump is
actually in that group but now he's
actually twisted it around so it's the
Democrats and the thing is there there
are some people politicians and people
in media who report based on fantasies
that they have they think of the world
they wish they could report on and they
just do it so sean hannity last night
said muller should be investigating
hillary clinton for colluding with
russia because these people have no
attachment to reality whatsoever
they even sean hannity apparently seems
to be moving in the position of
acknowledging that russia's doing
something at least but obviously he's
not going to talk about how they clearly
favor donald trump he's gonna turn that
he's gonna create this fantasy world
where hillary clinton apparently just
needed extra help and losing the last
election so she worked with russia to do
it i mean i it's it's pretty incredible
but you know this is a pattern that you
see with trump that is oftentimes very
successful oftentimes works to his
advantage
look i regardless of how much I dislike
Trump how much I disagree with what he's
done as president how much I disagree
with the fact that he is not mentally
equipped to do one of the most important
jobs in the world I have to acknowledge
that he is masterful in messaging right
he's so good at it another example would
be how he took the issue of fake news
and twisted it on its head so if it's
him
I mean fake news helped him it helped
him win the election I would argue that
he is masterful only because the people
that he's pitching it to are insane and
you can say anything you want it would
be really masterful if you had to be
clever about it but he doesn't have to
be clever about he can say anything he
wants and they lead it up true I think
that there's there's definitely truth in
that but he's he's the kind of person
who will never take responsibility when
he's wrong he will never apologize he's
incredibly defiant and he will see
something that could hurt
and he will actually utilize it as a
tool to help him in his messaging and
again that's what happened with fake
news I mean it's yeah yeah well I will
just say this it like it's not like hit
what he said is is absolute BS he's just
trying to distract people confuse people
and all that but it's not like it's
impossible that at some point with some
candidate Russia or some other country
could want to medal on the side of a
Democrat it could happen and if there is
evidence of it then we should take it
seriously his tweet you know months in
advance the election is not evidence of
that and I just want you to keep this in
the back of your mind as we move towards
elections and especially once they
happen because if it goes really poorly
for the Republicans they apparently are
gearing up to pretend that this is why
it'll be absolute nonsense but that that
is apparently what they're going to be
how they're gonna defend themselves and
under normal circumstances if they just
want to sort of imply that you know
Alexandra Castillo Cortes her win is
illegitimate because supposedly Putin
likes Democrats all of a sudden in
normal circumstances I'd really care
about that it's just conspiracy theories
or whatever but they are now in a
position of power to potentially do
something about it and that's where you
get into scarier territory right exactly
it's it's pretty terrifying and also
just the response to midterm election
the midterm elections if things don't go
trump's way like how his supporters how
his base will react to that yeah that's
something that concerns me so we'll see
how this develops moving forward but
just planted that seed exactly and one
other thing I want to mention just
because we're talking about you know
things that could potentially affect the
election we talked to earlier this week
on it might have been on the main show
as well but on the damage report
Brooke Thomas and I talked about the new
reporting on the explosion of race-based
voter purges that have been going on
especially in states that had previously
required additional clearance to do
voter purges under the Voting Rights Act
well they destroyed the Voting Rights
Act a few years ago and now you're
seeing an absolute explosion of millions
of people being taken off of the order
of rotor rolls many of them it will turn
out should not have been taken off many
of those people will go and try to vote
and find out that they're no longer
registered and that is becoming
increasingly common in a number of
different states especially in the south
yeah well if you can't win with your big
ideas then go ahead and genuinely rig
the system to your advantage
two easy ways to follow
Turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below then you're a TYT subscriber
and second is ring the bell and when you
do that on youtube you are notified of
our videos
you
