nobody's okay
people drop mics we drop power panels we
drop panels a whole panel no anyways so
we're just talking about what's got us
energized partly Oh Jenna yes from
yesterday man and we I talked about at
the top of the show but then we in our
postgame that we did was actually just
the whole better O'Rourke Ted Cruz
debate by the way YouTube was down and
so a lot of you didn't get to watch it
live but members we put it up about an
hour after the debate immediately so you
guys had it last night you can watch it
tonight the debates super interesting
our commentary anything afterwards was
by misers I might have a little
interesting as well and when they are
week juxtaposed beto to or Jetta and a
little bit and and we had some fun doing
it okay t y-t-dot-com /join obviously to
become a member and get that special
coverage for you guys there it is
t YT diagrams let's join we do have a
campaign going against Ted Cruz it's off
to an excellent start I'll tell you
about that a little bit later in the
program I wanted to note two things look
this Sunday it's Tucker girl Carlson
versus me at Politico know it gonna be
interesting okay yes it is so if you're
anywhere near LA go check it out and
make sure you use the code tyt when you
go to politico.com to get tickets
politico.com
look let's keep it real we want a decent
number of young turks folks in the in
the audience please come yeah like just
come because if this year is gonna be
anything like last year i don't know
what they do i don't know if they bring
in like buses full of their conservative
fans from other states i mean look there
there are conservatives in california to
be fair but you know there's a lot of
like imitation tactics trying you know
being played which doesn't really work
but still like it would be
to have you guys there as well yeah
let's keep it real so in previous years
we packed all the rooms and so seeing
that I think that the Conservatives went
out of their way last year to try to
bring in as many people as possible so
hey let's make sure what our folks are
there and and have fun politico.com use
the code tyt so we can communicate with
you guys and and so that's gonna be
Sunday night and then Anna is on a
couple panels let me give you the deets
on those pages okay so I'm gonna be on
two panels on Saturday one of them is
going to be at twelve third oh that's
fun one of those panels is gonna be at
12:30 on Saturday and the other panel is
gonna be at I believe two o'clock same
day one will be on Medicare for all the
other will be on socialism
so the socialism panel has a bunch of
friends on there Sam cedar will be
joining me Kyle kolinsky will be joining
me for the medicare-for-all panel I
believe I am the only person who
supports Medicare for all so that should
be fun par for the course
still crystals on that yeah bill kristol
the neocon is on our panel interesting
but I love that you and Kyle are on on a
panel together yeah that's gonna be
super fun and Hoss is debating charlie
Kirk one more time we're calling it uno
mas uno Haws
oh that's a good one ooh no Hoss and so
and like as Kyle drivers are like
twenty-eight different panels at
Politico so you got it hopefully we'll
see you guys there Saturday and Sunday
in LA and then we'll have some clips up
for you guys obviously at some point and
the last thing real quick to mention at
the top and then we'll get to the
stories including the latest absurdities
in the Saudi story is streamys so two
cool things here one in the news
category you guys don't have to vote
that's the panel decides but two of the
five nominees are us so one is the young
turks for best news show the year not
surprising the others the breakdown you
know us
you know what though well-deserved works
really really hard that show is
excellent does really well on Facebook
particularly and I I want to beat him
but I hope you know he does well sort of
kind I hope they come in second there so
anyway that's Hassan piker in France
Maxwell on the breakdown please check
that out if you're a member you get all
these and then and then but first the
same thing we're up for is show of the
year not just news but show the year and
that's the one that your votes do matter
that's sorry it's the tweet on there's
hashtag TYT
for streamys and the cool thing about
that is all you have to do is just
include a tweet okay hash tighty-whitey
for streamys and and the tweet is the
vote as long as it's got that hashtag in
it and you could vote once a day so go
nuts okay yeah yeah well Gore's you are
allowed to do that
alright so that'd be amazing if we want
to show the year for the for the entire
internet that would be badass so thank
you guys if you're participating in that
all right what's next Anna all right we
have updates on Washington Post
columnist Jamal cook she yes I said his
name differently because I have been
corrected it is not khashoggi but I feel
like it's a little bit of the Obama
Pakistan thing yeah I'm just thinking
with Khashoggi look if you really want
to be exactly right it's it's actually a
turkish name culture okay section you
know what it means it means one who
makes spoons oh yeah you did mention
that before okay but Khashoggi is fine
okay I'm gonna say khashoggi just
because I don't want to be thrown off as
I'm presenting this story for you guys
let's go we have updates on the
disappearance of Jamal khashoggi now it
has not been confirmed whether or not he
has been murdered but it does appear
that the Saudis are getting ready to
claim some responsibility for it not
necessarily the Royals but they're going
to push out some narrative indicating
that it was an in terror
that had gone wrong and that the Royals
had nothing to do with it which is
ridiculous when we give you all the
different updates that we've learned
through the last 24 hours
now first CNN shared some of the
surveillance footage showing Jamal
khashoggi going into the consulate and I
want you to take a quick look at that
and then I'm gonna give you some of
trumps reactions and how he has already
started this narrative of defending the
Saudis Saudi Arabia insists it is not
responsible for coochies disappearance
this security footage shows the
Washington Post columnist entering the
Saudi consulate nearly two weeks ago
the Turkish government says it has audio
evidence that proves he was murdered
inside the Saudis have yet to provide
any evidence that shows keshavjee
leaving the building
so CNN is absolutely right there the
Saudis keep saying like what no no he
left the consulate we had nothing to do
with this we don't know what's going on
but they haven't provided any evidence
at the same time people who Saudi
officials who showed up on those
chartered flights are now being
identified and many of them are being
identified as individuals who have very
close ties to the Saudi royals and not
only did the Turkish authorities
identify them but the New York Times
went out of its way to also
independently verify them as well and
we're gonna give you the details on that
but before we get to all those details
Trump also had an interview with Fox
Business and during that interview he
basically made it clear that he has a
very cozy relationship with the Saudis
and so he doesn't know what happened and
we shouldn't be so quick to judge the
Saudis let's take a look at the first
clip you did mention some of these these
deals there's some arms deals at stake
right now in Saudi Arabia there they're
having a big big it's called the Davos
of the desert conference and given the
news out of that part of the world with
the Washington Post columnist going into
the embassy and
and never coming out are you still gonna
send a delegation you stood in a
centrist we have right now is Mike
Pompeo is terrific who's done a great
job Secretary of State is with the king
right now and the Crown Prince literally
as we speak and we're trying to find out
what went on and a lot will be
determined he hasn't gotten back to me
he's going to probably over the next
couple of hours sometime prior to your
show okay but he will be getting back to
me and you'll start hearing what is
happening turkeys looking at it very
strongly we're all looking at it
together but Turkey and Saudi Arabia
looking at it very strongly and it
depends whether or not the king or the
crown prince knew about it in my opinion
mm-hmm number one what happened but
whether or not they knew about it if
they know about it that would be bad so
that one statement if they knew about it
that would be bad was probably the
strongest statement the Trump had in
response to the Saudis the rest of the
interview he essentially talked about
how important Saudi Arabia is as our
ally and we'll get to those clips in a
minute but he did mention Mike Pompeo
and how he had gone to Saudi Arabia to
talk to officials there about what had
happened and in all of the images that
we've seen and all of the footage that
we've seen of his meetings he seemed to
be very friendly to them which is fine
because maybe behind the scenes there's
some tough talk happening but in his
public statements it makes it clear that
Pompeo Secretary of State has not been
tough on the Saudis in fact let me give
you one of his statements this is
graphic four he says I could go on about
the places that no graphic for please I
could go on about the places that the
Saudis and the US are working together
the US needs to make sure that we're
mindful of that also on the same day
that Mike Pompeo went to Saudi Arabia
the United States received one hundred
million dollars from Saudi Arabia and
this money is supposedly meant to
convince us to stabilize Syria portions
of Syria that Isis previously took
control of all right so lots to get to
here first of all on the hundred million
dollars that that they just sent us
first the Trump administration says oh
heaven forfend those things are not at
all connected oh come on come on come on
come on they owed us this money for a
long time or we asked them for that
money for a long time
they haven't give it to us just as Mike
Pompeo was talking to them it's the most
obvious thing in the world but please
please don't insult our intelligence
although that's what they do on a daily
basis so and and I before that news even
came out I had tweeted earlier in the
day about how look we all know what
happened now it's it's very very clear
the only question is what secret deals
are the governments of us Saturday
Arabia and Turkey going to strike what's
turkey gonna get what's America gonna
get and then how are they gonna cover it
up publicly afterwards cuz that's what's
happening right now they're negotiating
right and turkeys like we caught you
you're embarrassed and you know they got
a beef with Saudi Arabia they want
something and by the way the Turks gave
us a pastor Brunson back also
coincidentally at the same time and they
say well that one is also not at all
connected
the Turkish government says no the
Turkish judiciary is independent they
happen to release him at the same exact
time that were your meeting with Mike
Pompeo then Pompeo goes over and to
Saturday B and they released 100 million
dollars of the same there's a lot of
coincidences going around here
look if so I know a lot of the
mainstream media can't say it's obvious
they can just lay out the facts for you
and hope you connect the dots it's our
job to connect the dots and I can say it
it's obvious they're negotiating behind
the scenes everybody's gonna get paid
except you guys obviously then they will
all come out with a united front on how
to lie to you and so the the mate looks
like they're settled on the lie of well
okay it's inconvenient cuz khashoggi is
gone is he's dismembered and he's all oh
so we can't bring him back so the saudis
gonna stop likely according to the
sources
stop lying that he was not killed but
say oops golly gee it was a rogue team
and that's why Trump has already said it
might have been rogue killers and as
long as the crown prince and the and the
king didn't know about it so super easy
the crown prince of the King come out
and go well God we are
shocked to find out that there are
murders going on in Saudi Arabia well
this was obviously not authorized
so was it not authorized so I'm just
gonna give you
there's a million facts showing you but
let me just give you two of them that I
think are dispositive they hit a bone
saw with them mm-hmm they sent a 15
person team with a bone saw they say
this is an interrogation that went awry
why did you bring the bone saw if you
were just going to question them number
two they brought a forensic doctor from
Saturday every one of the top doctors in
the country in that field connected to
the Saudi government that specialty is
autopsies autopsies and dissection and
dissection yes okay gee I wonder if it
was an accident or they planned that
ahead of time it's not like they're in a
different country they're in Turkey it's
not like oh the guy's dead hey you want
to bring the autopsy guy in and the bone
saw I know they brought the autopsy guy
and the dissection guy in the bone saw
with them that's not a rogue operation
and now the New York Times has bothered
to go connect many of the people that
were in that 15 group of 15 to very
closely through the Saudi government but
to which I say of course of course
they're gonna you think that that
operation gets authorized by the
Secretary of the trigger the Secretary
of Transportation
no the crown prince authorizes that kind
of insane a really risky operation in a
different country this of course so we
have more clips from Trump that we'll
get to in just a second
and then I want to give you the details
about those Saudi officials who did go
to the consulate and have been
identified but this if things play out
the way that we're predicting they're
gonna play out where you have three
major countries striking some sort of
deal to brush this under the rug
this sets in an extremely dangerous
precedent right this signals to everyone
that if you have the audacity to
criticize the US government well maybe
not the US government for now but if you
have the audacity to criticize an ally
of the US government and that government
somehow retaliates against you and
possibly murders you well
arms deals financial connections you
know foreign policy deals whatever it is
those will you know serve as the reasons
for why our government won't do anything
to protect you or prevent it from
happening in the future
right and let's keep it real there are
only three countries that matter okay in
terms of our allies
you'll be do anything you want to
Mexicans in Mexico is a huge ally of
ours nobody cares in the Trump
administration you know anything you
like to people in Canada okay but if so
or if they do something wrong we will
call them out no question I mean Trump
loves insulting Mexico anyway but in the
case of Saudi Arabia whoa there's a lot
of money there Israel out of the
question
you can Israel can do anything they like
they will never be criticized
okay certainly not by the Trump
administration and number three is
Russia I mean you know what Russia
Trump said about when Russia murdered
someone in the UK Trump said well it's
not our country that's the United
Kingdom that's our top ally I don't care
about the Ally as long as my other ally
Russia and that's not that it's the US
allies just Trump's Ally is killing them
or Trump's allies saturated Skilling
someone he doesn't care doesn't care at
all and why why is it that he doesn't
care it always goes back to the money in
fact he was very transparent about that
while he was being interviewed on Fox
Business take a look I do not want to do
that and frankly they have a tremendous
order one hundred and ten billion
dollars every country in the world
wanted a piece of that order we got all
of it and what are we gonna do so yeah I
mean I've had some senators come up and
some congressmen they said well you know
sir I think what we should do is we
should not take that order I said cool
we hurting it's 500,000 jobs it'll be
ultimately a hundred and ten billion
dollars the biggest order in the history
of our country from an outside military
and I said we're gonna turn that down
why would we do that so hopefully it's
working out
we'll find out we'll get down to the
bottom of it I hope that the king and
the crown prince didn't know about it so
he sent it up again I hope they didn't
know about it wink they already know
that that's gonna be the excuse
and but you know their money money money
money money money money that's all I
care about
I mean isn't that sick if you're a good
Christian I mean did you ever read the
Sermon on the Mount did you ever read
about Jesus throwing out the money
changers this guy's obsessed with money
that's the only thing he cares about
oh you dismembered someone yeah but how
much money did you give me we think
about how sick that thought is it's
extremely sick and and remember when he
frames things in the context of oh that
the Saudis are important because this
weapons deal helps with jobs here in the
United States Trump is not thinking
about those things he's not thinking
about you he's not thinking about
providing jobs it's all about wins for
himself and financial deals for himself
and every once in a while he slips up
and doesn't say for the country or for
the citizens
he says straight up for me and here's an
example of that so Saudi Arabia and they
have I can only say I've been here for
almost two years they've been a great
ally to me yeah to me they're investing
tremendous amounts of money to me he
said it twice sometimes I just
accidentally honest because he doesn't
know any better
that that's why I say he's so
unintelligent cuz a more savvy person
would be better at lying
right so he's got a pathological need to
lie and he does on every issue including
on the jobs just know hundreds of
thousands of jobs being created by that
contract that's a total fabrication as
usual but but other times like when he
said Oh why'd you fire Comey
cuz he was investigating me you're not
supposed to say that you schmuck
yeah he can't help himself and here in
Saudi Arabia of Kotor they're good to me
so let's talk about why they're good to
him so and about the money during the
campaign I'm sorry in January of this
year
trumpet said I would want to protect
Saudi Arabia he said but Saudi Arabia is
going to have to help us economically ok
so that's about you know retreat the
country and and here that's he struck
that exact deal you give me a hundred
million dollars for Syria and I give you
whatever excuse you want you could
murder any journalist you
like okay and so that's brazen and then
of course there's the issue of his own
personal enrichment and there he
registered eight companies in Saudi
Arabia during the his campaign that's
pretty nice the Saudis then after he won
transferred all their hotel rooms from
other hotels the Trump properties so
that you might say oh well that's you
know is that really a material number
two hundred and seventy thousand dollars
the Saudis like to use some hotels
that's just a little tasty taste though
yes just a little tasty taste of the
type of financial relationship or
financial ties Trump has had with the
Saudis in fact some of his ties go back
to 2001 in June of 2001 when he sold the
44th floor of the Trump World Tower to
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for 4.5
million dollars there's also a more
recent example where he specifically
said of the Saudis at a 2015 campaign
rally in Mobile Alabama they buy
apartments for me
they spend forty million dollars 50
million am I supposed to dislike them I
like them very much that's in 20s he's
running for president in 2015 he said at
the same time he's saying we gotta ban
all Muslims right until we figure out
what the hell's going on but apparently
with the Saudis he figured out what the
hell was going on they greased them they
give him a lot of money so he's like oh
the Saudis I got that figured out they
gave me forty to fifty million dollars
what am I supposed to do not like them I
like them well yeah okay you like them
but then how about when they killed a
journalist and and then dismembered of
dismembered of what were you scared
about with the Muslims you were scared
about like crazy fundamentalist the
Saudi government doing crazy things like
torturing murdering and dismembering
people the Saudis
yeah but they gave me a lot of money
remember how good they treated me so I
don't care I like them so now Trump is
going around the country lying on behalf
of the Saudis and he's gonna lie even
more and they're all gonna cover it up
and they're gonna pretend that that
somehow the bomb bonesaw and the autopsy
doctor accidentally wound up on the
flight and all the guys that are right
next to a crown
prism Mohammed bin Salman on all these
different trips that are part of his top
security personnel golly-gee was
unauthorized that is the lie that Donald
Trump is saying now and will
definitively say very soon and you'll
see it with your own eyes Hey look
that's why if this I loved savings ahead
of time if you're a maggot guy right now
and you're going no way
I bet Donald Trump stands up to those
Muslims but he's your baby he fights
back and closed-mouth for what it is
he's really trying to figure out what
the hell is going on no Donald Trump
selling out for money he would never do
that okay go ahead let's see how it
turns out all right well I'm gonna shift
gears just a little bit very quickly to
give you what I promised the
identification of these Saudi officials
so both Turkish investigators and the
New York Times separately did an
investigation to look into the 15 Saudi
officials who arrived to the Saudi
consulate in Turkey on chartered flights
and what they did was find evidence that
a lot of these officials are actually
very closely tied to the Saudi royals so
to give you some examples let's go to
graphic five one of the suspects
identified by Turkey in the
disappearance of the Saudi dissident
Khashoggi was a frequent companion of
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman three
others are linked by witnesses and other
records to the Saudi crown prince's
security detail and a fifth is a
forensic doctor who holds senior
positions in the Saudi interior ministry
and medical establishment he has done
extensive work and has published
writings in regard to dissection and
mobile autopsies and it's curious that
he would show up with these Saudi
officials to the Saudi consulate in
Turkey also the presence among the
suspects of an autopsy expert suggests
that killing might have been part of the
original plan and that's an important
detail to keep in mind because the
Saudis based on
that were first done by CNN based on
anonymous sources indicated that the
Saudis were preparing to release a
statement indicating that the Royals
didn't know anything about this but the
death of Khashoggi was a was the result
of a botched interrogation now why was
he being interrogated in the first place
we don't know they haven't given us an
answer and they haven't to be fair they
haven't come out with that prepared
statement yet and who knows if they
really will but if they do plan on
coming out that statement the
identification of these officials would
certainly go counter to whatever
narrative they're trying to push so
let's break down another part of this as
we dissect if you will what happened
here so we know parts of the deal
already so the three governments turkey
said urban and the US are making a deal
and then they're all gonna lie to you we
all know what happened you Anna just
laid it out for you guys there clearly
from the highest levels of the
government they clearly brought murder
weapons to Turkey they stayed for one
day it was a hit team it's now with all
the exhaustive reporting on it there's
no question left and so the only
question left is what's the secret deal
in order to do the cover-up the Saturday
area is not gonna come out and say yeah
we dismembered him because we're
monsters and America is not gonna say in
Donald Trump has said it a million times
well I like the money they're giving me
I liked 110 billion dollar deal that we
have with them I like the that they give
me money for my apartments etc etc so
he's not gonna turn around and say okay
I'm done with the Saudis that's never
gonna happen so we know so far what the
Saudis are gonna get they're gonna get a
cover-up that's very important to them
because they got a huge economic summit
coming up and they want outside
investors into the country and they
can't have it if we have sanctions
against them if we sever our
relationship so they're gonna get get to
maintain the relationship and they're
gonna get a cover-up
now we know what the US has gotten so
far the Saudis has sent a hundred
million dollars to the u.s. in order to
help with Syria okay so that's just a
bride and then the u.s. also got
something from Turkey they got pastor
Brunson which Turkey was holding
and they say that's a coincidence
obviously it's not the only thing we
don't know yet is what is Turkey gonna
get in the deal because they're the ones
who have the evidence that's right and
they just sent in that forensic team
into the console and they say they've
got DNA instead are they audio
recordings and what they're holding out
for is I could release the audio
recording so why didn't they release it
yet as they're holding it in their back
pocket for leverage right and that team
they're gonna have the evidence from
that team so if we're right about this
and I guarantee you that we are whether
it's public or not soon
turkey will get a gigantic prize from
Saudi Arabia okay and so that's how this
deal is done and Donald Trump will bless
it all and everybody will go on in their
merry lives except for of course the
people who were murdered that the the
person in this case is khashoggi and
enough obviously his family members will
be outraged meanwhile let's also note
the hypocrisy of Donald Trump during the
campaign he said I cannot believe that
the Clinton Foundation is taking money
from the Saudis well he had been taking
money from the Saudis for decades right
in the form of deals and you know just
business dealings and one other thing I
wanted to quickly mention if all of that
wasn't evidence enough for you the
identification of all these Saudi
officials there was one other important
piece of evidence that was outlined in
The Times piece and it talked about
those two private planes or jets so
records show that to private jets
chartered by a Saudi company with close
ties to the Saudi Crown Prince and
interior ministry arrived and left
Istanbul on the day of mr. khashoggi
disappearance so that's yet another
piece of evidence I think it's become
abundantly clear what really happened to
him and what I about is whether or not
the Republicans who have gone on the
record to criticize the Saudis are going
to now backtrack and pretend like this
is all okay and nothing really happened
they will and that leads us to the last
part of the puzzle okay there's a fourth
country that no one talks about it is
not you're not allowed to talk about it
it's talked about in code words and
that's Israel
so wait what do they have to do with it
well Trump talked about well the Saudis
help us with Iran now we had a perfectly
good deal with Iran and the rest of the
world did in in ending their nuclear
program etc Trump ripped that up but
right now we don't have any open
hostility with Iran but Israel does
Israel hates and understandably so that
they fund Hezbollah and Hamas which
works against Israel so Israel and and
this is all public knowledge Netanyahu
is gone in the United Nations has come
to the US and say Israel's are taking
time bomb
I'm sorry Ron is a ticking time bomb and
America you have to attack you have to
attack you have to attack Iran right so
when they say Iran what that's a code
word in Washington for be cool Israel
says Saturday rabia's ok cuz they work
with us against Iran ok and that Mike
Pompeo said this that Anna referred to a
little bit earlier in the show I could
go on about the places that the Saudis
in the u.s. are working together to make
sure that and that we the US needs to be
quote make sure that we're mindful of
that
what do you mean the places that the
Saudis in the US are working together
and that how everybody should be mindful
of that you know what that means that
means hey everybody be cool it remember
Israel's allies with Saudi Arabia and
together they're fighting against Iran
so that's your code words now if I am
right what will happen with those tough
guy Republican senators Lindsey Graham
Marco Rubio are two notable critics of
what's been going on with Saudi Arabia
now let's make a little bit more noise
and then by a week later all of a sudden
it will die down and there'll be no more
talk of sanctions or ending our
relationship or stopping the funding of
the war in Yemen this saudi arabia is
doing all of a sudden all those tough
guys will melt away because they should
be mindful of where the saudi arabia and
us are working together wink and if i'm
wrong they won't they'll be lyons and
they'll come out and so far they've been
strong and we're doing them credit for
that if i'm wrong they'll continue and
they'll say no we demand that you end a
relationship and they'll take
congressional action good luck let's see
if I'm right or wrong that's why I love
telling you at a time
so right now they ain't gonna take no
congressional election they're going to
be mindful of what certain allies want
them to do we got to take a quick break
when we come back Mitch McConnell is
very clear about how he's coming after
your Medicare and Social Security we
hope you're enjoying this free clip from
The Young Turks if you want to get the
whole show and more exclusive content
while supporting independent media
become a member at TYT comm slash joined
today in the meantime enjoy this free
segment all right Young Turks god
there's so many great comments here and
I got to tell you so many things so real
quick let's go to YouTube super chat
first KF writes and I won the TYT
political contest but can't go do too
high flight prices from Hawaii to LA any
so he says here's a donation instead
been watching for 12 years and a proud
Wolfpack member love you guys wolf dash
pack.com thank you and Mahalo Nui kaha
lani panini all right sounds fun okay I
did the best I could on the names but
Mahalo to you as well
Elliott makes a good point on YouTube
super chat also if it wasn't the Royals
then why did they come out and deny it
at first saying he left from a back door
yes I mean their story keeps changing
come on nursing they said they knew they
said they knew he was alive I just want
to know why they think it's a good idea
to release a statement saying that it
was an interrogation gone wrong without
like specifying why he'd be interrogated
yeah because they know the u.s. is gonna
cover for us it's irrelevant what we say
we can say the aliens did it and I'll
get Alex Jones to go and we're done with
it Oh a point that I wanted to make was
look there there was so much drama and
debate regarding Alex Jones getting
blocked from social media like no one
murdered him he didn't go into a
consulate to get a document to get
married like he's still alive he's still
crazy as hell he's doing his thing okay
he's just not allowed on these platforms
but
everyone was paying attention with this
like where's the outrage about this I
mean there are some people those who are
paying attention but it's not like a
huge national story that everyone's
talking about no bench viewer will not
stop talking about freedom of the press
anyway I don't know what Ben's position
on that is to be fair all right a
sartorial Narwhal and our member section
says Saudi Arabia is a monarchy
government agents don't go off the
reservation on something this big
without getting a nod from the monarch
that's exactly right
Gaby Morita says the two Gulfstream
aircraft used by the rogue killers who
killed Khashoggi arrest 'red to sky
prime aviation services a charter
company owned by Mohammed bin Salman
you've got to be willfully ignorant to
think the Saudi royals don't have
fingerprints all over this of course of
course they do and that is exactly what
they are willfully ignorant last one is
marry in or marine in the in the members
section
I love the O jeddak commercials so much
I watch them all again today imagine how
much you would terrify Trump no no a lot
of people can imagine it I have I
rewatched them last night
and I've now watched them four times
okay so if you remember go back to the
beginning of yesterday's show or the end
of the bet Oh Ted Cruz debates to see us
having fun with those you know what let
me actually if you remember one more
thing to I T classics is back you guys
asked for it it's back by popular demand
I think tonight we're doing Ben and I
talking about Senator Obama back in 2006
because this show is ancient and we were
on the air at the time did you know
where the longest running show on the
Internet
I can't get I don't know why I'm the
older one who thinks that's super cool I
think that's like the coolest thing ever
anyway yeah so Anna and I are gonna do
TYT classics you guys will see that
tomorrow if your members okay we're
doing we're taping it tonight I think
and up tomorrow okay if I'm not mistaken
TYT comm /join to become a member and
get all that programming whose side was
I on whose side was been on on the Obama
debate back when he was a senator all
right and last thing is Ted Cruz so
mentioned the Cruz o'rourke debate we
are running an ad against Ted Cruz we
started it yesterday
and I want to show you the ad in this
tell you how you can participate it's
short and it's fun let's watch this is
Ted Cruz
that's him phone banking for Donald
Trump after Trump called his wife ugly
look at him what kind of a man does that
oh yeah Trump also said his father was
probably a murderer he made calls on
behalf of Trump after being unmanned by
him you're looking at the saddest man in
America Ted Cruz 2018 pathetic some
people say that was unsophisticated I
agree I agree politics is not that
sophisticated
all right so T y-t-dot-com / Cruz to
donate to run that ad so we're trying to
get to $10,000 just at least start
running it on Facebook uh-huh obviously
all in the state of Texas
maybe we'll sprinkle it into Washington
DC a little bit get a get him a little
agitated anyway did we get to 10,000
let's take a look that we got the
thermometer oh sorry
14,000 413 so 10,000 on Facebook we get
to 20,000 since you guys blew past the
target immediately and under like 12
hours I think it was okay we'll go the
next time as it will go to YouTube ads
in Texas against Ted Cruz yeah if we
keep going maybe we'll do TV ads there's
many ads you guys want to do okay so
this topic made me think of a postgame
topic that I want to discuss are we
having a postgame today yeah all right
okay the ish the topic of masculinity
yeah so it's there's a disagreement
between me and my husband that would
shock you
Oh a shocking agreement fascinating he
doesn't even know that the disagreement
exists cuz I've I bit my tongue
interesting okay I'm looking forward to
it Argus see y-t-dot-com /join become a
member you get the postgame tea party
classics and all that stuff support the
show so we do unsophisticated ads
against injuries okay
another way to support the show by the
way if you're already a member T
y-t-dot-com / yes if it's right next to
the members comment section okay
and you don't have to be a member either
but if you're on t y-t-dot-com okay so
it's a big blue button and if you like
what we say go you could throw in a buck
you could 27 whatever right if you're if
you like what we're up to okay thank you
guys alright what's next
alright Mitch McConnell was a huge
advocate for the massive tax cuts that
these corporations have recently gotten
to enjoy and he also is very concerned
about the deficit which is interesting
because usually Republicans only care
about the deficit when there's a
Democrat in charge but let's hand it to
McConnell he is concerned about the
deficit so what is he planning on doing
does he realize that maybe these taxes
are a really bad idea does he realize
that according to the Congressional
Budget Office it will add one point nine
trillion dollars to the national debt
over the next decade
is he gonna reverse course no he wants
to do something else take a look what's
going on with the debt it's very
disturbing and it's driven by the three
big entitlement programs that are very
popular Medicare Social Security and
Medicaid that's seventy percent of what
we spend every year the subject we were
just discussing the funding of the
government is about 30 percent of what
we smell there's been a bipartisan
reluctance to tackle entitlement changes
because of the popularity of those
programs hopefully at some point here
we'll get serious about this we haven't
been yet so it's over and and but
nonetheless the mainstream media will
continue to drive me crazy by calling
things even and going well it's unclear
who wants to cut Social Security
Medicare Medicaid he just said it he
said we have to those are the that's the
real problem in the deficit and we have
to get serious about it that means we
have to cut it that means if the
Republicans maintain power the in the
House and the Senate
they will definitely that's their leader
in the Senate they will definitely go to
cut Social Security and Medicare
nonetheless the mainstream press will go
I would care well Democrats say this
Republicans say that
no he just said it he just they've sent
a million times so look we have the TYT
army I don't think we use you guys
enough it is another one we're gonna ask
for your help TYT comm slash army to
join up there's a couple thousand of you
guys you need to let anyone in the press
who's making that mistake no the leader
of the Republicans in the Senate has
said that they are targeting Social
Security Medicare and Medicaid it is
absolutely clear and so if you like
Republicans that is what you're gonna
get they are going to cut those programs
he just told you yes and this is another
example of how crucial these midterm
elections really are because if
Republicans have their way and they
still control both the House and the
Senate they will cut these programs
these programs that you've paid into
these programs that you can look at your
paycheck and and and realize exactly how
much money the federal government takes
away from you every single time to help
fund these programs you paid into it
that's why it's an entitlement you are
entitled to Social Security you're
entitled to Medicare once you're
eligible for those programs and the fact
that they want to go after that after
they just went on this nationwide tour
bragging about cutting the corporate tax
rate from thirty five percent to twenty
twenty five percent twenty one twenty
one percent I'm like wait a minute was a
twenty one percent we've talked about it
so many times on this show and every
single time it shocks me twenty one
percent and that's not even the
effective corporate tax rate because
remember they have not closed those
corporate tax loopholes we did that
story about how Jared Kushner has
quintupled his his net worth over the
last decade but for several years has
not paid anything in federal taxes why
well because there's a massive loophole
that Trump actually further expanded
right that allows him to a claim that
his properties have depreciated in value
so he gets the deduct from his taxes no
this is not okay that's the problem
these entitlement programs are not the
problem look I don't care what your
political leaning is if you watch The
Young Turks you heard us say ahead
time that they would do the huge tax
cuts for the rich and then they would
turn around and say oh well we got a
problem with the deficit so we gotta cut
Social Security and Medicare and
Medicaid we told you that ahead of time
and here it is
they put a one point nine trillion
dollar extra hole in our debt okay
created that much more deficit and now
Mitch McConnell treasurer and says no
let's take it from you guys you put
money into Social Security and Medicare
let's rob you because the average guy in
the in the top 1% got a tax cut worth
sixty one thousand dollars a year sixty
one thousand dollars a year so now we've
got to come after your Social Security
and Medicare you saw it with your own
eyes you saw its predicted you saw them
do the tax cut you saw it go mainly to
the rich and now you're seeing them
saying yeah now we're gonna cut Social
Security Medicare just like we told you
you can go back and watch the old videos
you see it with your own eyes now if
you're coming if you're a Republican or
conservative you're comfortable with
that okay fine and at least you've made
your decision and you made it with no
armed with the information you need it
but I think for the rest of us that is
an absolute outrage you work your whole
life to put a little bit of money into
Social Security and Medicare you need
that desperately when you retire I mean
look the drug prices alone are gonna
kill you I mean Medicare does a great
job of covering a lot of things but it
doesn't cover all the drug prices right
right and that alone is gonna swamp you
because we saw a private health
insurance and this guy's say no my rich
donors don't have enough but you have
too much not only that the kid a load of
this at the same time they're pushing
for tax cuts 2.0 they say that if they
win the House and the Senate
they're gonna come back and do another
round of tax cuts you know how much that
would give to the top one percent
another forty thousand dollars another
forty thousand dollars a year they'd be
up to over a hundred thousand dollars a
year in tax cuts per year one of the tax
cuts that they're planning on proposing
and passing if they do control Congress
is doing like this let's say you have
properties that you're about to in hair
from your parents or something or or
anything if they're gonna change the
estate tax to basically count the value
of those properties at the purchase
price from decades ago obviously the
value of these properties has gone up
tremendously and so it's another way of
saving taxes for the wealthy right
saving in taxes for the wealthy look
it's a it's a really bad idea and it's
also terrifying because I do see a
portion of the country that is barely in
the middle class very close to you know
not even being counted in the middle
class saying that privatizing their
retirement would be a better idea you
think that's a good idea
and by the way if we didn't have Social
Security and you're just reliant on
saving money and putting it in the stock
market we see the kinds of games that
are being played in the stocks right
like we see what's happening with these
corporations doing corporate stock
buybacks artificially inflating the
value of of the shares I mean this that
would be a nightmare it's it's scary to
think what these Republicans want to do
and will do again if they control
Congress after the midterms
they say I'm biased if I say that the
Republicans are corrupt no it's a fact
that's a fact they do exactly what their
donors tell them to do which is give me
the tax cuts and Rob the average
American that is what you're seeing with
your own eyes
so your yeah the bias position is to
call it even it ain't goddamn even it's
definitely the lazy position to so
luckily Americans are paying attention
to all of this in fact the tax cuts are
not popular and as a result we have some
lawmakers who are avoiding even talking
about the tax cuts as they're
campaigning either for re-election or
elections so we're gonna give you that
story when we come back from our break
we've got to take a quick break but I
love this next story it's so interesting
you don't want to miss it and one more
thing guys the story that I love of
course we like all them that's why we
picked them but is we're gonna show you
three different Democrats and the
difference in strength in those three
and it doesn't even include Oh Jenna
look
if we put a no jeddah he'd break the
meter okay
can we maybe we should alright alright
anyway we'll do that a little bit later
in the show I don't want you to miss
that because it gives you a great sense
of the political spectrum within the
Democratic Party all right we'll be
right back
