all right fun story for you guys there's
a group called Third Way they're
basically a corporate PAC on the
Democratic side to keep the Democrats
under control like hey be cool be cool
remember Wall Street pays you all your
money and Chamber of Commerce and all
those business interests now on social
issues they're good guys and as always I
don't think any of these people mean bad
and they are good on LGBT issues and etc
etc right but when it comes to economic
issues they're totally conservative so
they put together a little get together
a conference a lot of corporate
Democrats went to it about the 2020
elections it's called opportunity 2020
which is already a funny name and there
were three things that they discussed I
love all of them okay
first is they're in a panic because
they're like oh no our site has no
energy the progressives have all the
energy goddamn right they're like how do
we get people excited about taking
corporate cash you don't that's why
they're not excited that's why you're
not gonna win yesterday Eric Holder is
talking about running in 2020 good luck
brother
good luck okay I could be wrong but I
mellow Elling okay point number two on
their panic was they are so scared of
Bernie Sanders they're like no birdies
coming and I thought again goddamn right
he is so I I mean he literally talked to
the conference about oh no here comes
Bernie I don't get any better than that
okay so then they panicked about the
Young Turks well not yet but hope for
that that's also coming home a program
progresses brothers
alrighty uit dot-com /join support the
one media outlet that's for the Bernie
Sanders wing of the Democratic Party
everybody else on that on the corporate
side alright so point number three and I
love this one too they're like oh no we
lost three people that were critical to
us senator Cory Booker senator Kamala
Harris and senator Kirsten Gillibrand
they're like what up and we thought they
were on our side now they're adopting
Bernie's blah
so they're right that those three are a
bellwether if we weren't winning those
three would not be on our side on the
policy issues but we are winning and
they're all gonna run for office so they
know hey we better get on the right side
of the voters and the voters and the
energy is all on Bernie Sanders side and
those progressive policy positions but a
little ominous note near the end where
NBC News writing about it Alec cites
Walt said that they thought don't worry
those three they'll be back that they'll
be back on their side now I don't know
if they're there right and it's I I
don't know that it's all Third Way who
thinks that I don't know that it was all
the you know all the corporate Democrats
who went to that conference who think
that but it wasn't a little note there
of like don't worry those guys know
what's in their best interest and and I
don't know that that's fair to them but
that's apparently what they think but
they are definitely worried that they
lost them so that's really good news
guys I'm telling you right now man we
got them on the run if you believe in
progressive populism you believe in all
the things that where you actually stick
up for the American worker and not for
corporate interests and you stick up for
the voters and you stick up for their
health care and their wages and most
importantly economic dignity and you
fight for that for the average American
we're gonna win and it looks like the
corporate side also knows we're gonna
win and it's scaring the hell out of
them which is great news
