you're about to watch what we call an
extended clip or The Young Turks and the
realities is somewhere in the middle
it's a little longer than our YouTube
clips but it's actually shorter than the
whole two-hour show which you can get if
you're a member you can get an ad-free
and make sure you catch every news story
we do that day you're gonna love it as a
full show
that's a TYT Network comm slash join
thanks for watching
all right welcome to the Young Turks big
Monday show ahead for you guys later in
the program don't miss this I'm going to
dismantle the alt-right attack against
James Gunn that is the director of
guardians of the galaxy Disney fired
them I'm gonna show you who's behind the
attacks and what kind of people they are
tell your friends tell your family tell
your Randy Gonzalez we're coming so
don't miss that part of the show a
little bit later in the program and
unfortunately a lot of news about the
lunatic rantings of donald trump who
unfortunately is our president and has
clearly lost his mind so evidence
forthcoming we're gonna get started here
though with fun as we have the last
couple of days thanks to Sacha Baron
Cohen so let's do it
so Sasha Baron Cohen is at it again we
have seen him succeed wildly with
conservatives although it's time some
Republicans say no I'm not gonna do that
when he asked for preposterous things
and we have seen him fail with Bernie
Sanders when he tried to Punk him so now
we have Georgia State Representative
Jason Spencer will he succeed
the answer is wildly amazingly you're
going to love this
so the show's called who's America it's
on Showtime and and I'm gonna just show
you clips here cuz we can't show you the
nudity dispenser agreed to do awesome
phenomenal but who the hell is Spencer
why were we even having a conversation
about him well he made a little bit of
news because he pushed for two things in
Georgia one was a burka ban which he
explained to captain Aaron Mourad one of
the characters that Sacha Baron Cohen
does he renamed so that it wouldn't be
illegal otherwise he knew his own law
was going to be illegal the burka ban is
going to come into play here in just a
minute when I show you the videos and
the same thing he's done' for is
threatening a fellow legislator in
georgia who happen to be
african-american saying that she better
not go to certain parts of Georgia if
she cares about her safety so that's
this charm
gentlemen so having him mocked is
particularly fantastic and you can see
how profoundly stupid he is in his
reactions so in talking about the burka
ban Sacha Baron Cohen's character here
tells him that he is sympathetic and
that he used this trick as part of what
he does in Israel of using selfie sticks
to take pictures under people's burkas
he explains further here I do not know
whether this is a woman or a man with a
explosive we pretend to be a Chinese
tourist because the Chinese always
taking selfie okay convince him oh hell
that you are Chinese god
machine yeah konnichiwa okay red dragon
aubergine and Hong Kong I seem to
mention your Hong Kong your sushi well
that's it oh I see there is a red jacket
oh you speak a Chinese
ho Chi Minh City wanna know something of
that thank you thank you we're draggin
chopstick no no sushi sushi Oh No
Antonina good let's look at the picture
he's not a terrorist
okay I mean does it get any better than
that
by the way it's going to later in this
segment I thought you couldn't drop that
red dragon chopsticks Ho Chi Minh City
Hong Kong but my favorites were
konnichiwa which is not Chinese and
sushi also not Chinese okay Wow okay oh
boy now we're gonna do the second clip
where he gets the representative to yell
the n-word over and over again now if
you ask a rational person to do this
they would not apparently represent of
Jesus Spencer was happy to as you'll see
in this clip now we're gonna play it in
in its entirety because I want you to
understand the power of the words in a
it will get lost if all we do is bleep
them so here you go because of who you
are you could be the victim of
kidnapping by Isis you have two second
to attract a ten
how do you attract attention ready start
screaming take your clothes off in
America there is one forbidden world it
is the N world now I am going to be the
terrorist you have three seconds to
attack the tension go you crazy the N
world is loony not this world this world
is disgusting Wow Wow
I laugh at the N word is nuni by the way
throughout he says I am been in Mossad
for 13 years not in Mossad he keeps
saying in Mossad not in Moussa very
clearly he gets he Punk's him here and
then tells him he Punk's him but still
he manages to get more absurdity now
we're going way over the top
buckle up brace for impact I see so
scared of being seen as Omo you know it
did me no mo if your buttock touched
them it means they have become a
transsexual now I am going to teach you
how to use your buttocks to intimidate
Isis huh show me the bottle no trousers
down
okay go America good one more time but
louder with America I'd do anything if
someone told you to yell America ask
first that you would take your trousers
down when you're a state representative
or anyone any rational human being and
do that it got worse but I can't show
you the rest because he actually got him
to take off his underwear there's
cameras everywhere I mean his ass is all
over I don't they didn't show the front
thank God you know he did a super sieve
is easy he said in Mossad I'm not in
Mossad we have a saying if you want to
win you show some skin so the guy takes
office under where it starts attacking
with his bare ass that's who
representative Jason Spencer is and
that's why this show is great because it
exposes people for who they actually are
and that's the genius of Sasha Baron
Cohen I'm moving forward it's always fun
to start out with a nice I mean only
Sasha Baron can get a guy to yell the
n-word and we all laugh always fun to
start the show with some Nasus okay all
right now let's go to real problems so a
lot of people say that they like Donald
Trump
my main question to them is which one
the guy aid lies non-stop be changes the
story
non-stop which I'm going to show you in
a second so which Donald Trump do you
like I don't know those that you know
probably the one that doesn't like brown
people but anyway so I'm gonna show you
a tweet from over the weekend where I
think he lost his mind then I'm going to
show you video evidence of him changing
his position at least three different
times and then you tell me which Trump
it is that you like all right so he
tweets over the weekend so President
Obama knew about Russia
for the election why didn't he do
something about her why didn't he tell
her campaign because it's all a big hoax
that's why and he thought crooked
Hillary was going to win
look no there's no Obama didn't do
anything before the election is because
the Republicans yelled at him and said
if you dare say that we'll say you're
biased and your auntie Republican okay
put that aside though wait a minute I
saw Trump said over and over again that
people saying that he doesn't think the
rushes interfered are doing fake news he
thinks that Russia's definitely
interfered but here is calling the
entirety of the investigation a hoax
that remember there's two parts there's
the part where did the Russians
interfere and then the second part is
that they collude if he says look this
collusion is wrong but they did
interfere okay that's a fine argument to
make I don't think it's true but it's a
fine argument to make it doesn't mean
he's irrational or a lunatic or anything
like that but again he's saying you're
the entirety of it it's all hoaxes all
made up so let's break it down real
quick and then put this in its proper
order
so you remember of course when he met
with Vladimir Putin did the Russians
interfere in our elections this was his
original answer people came to me dan
coates came to me and some others they
said they think it's Russia I have
president putin he just said it's not
Russia I will say this I don't see any
reason why it would be okay that was
super clear I don't believe my own
Director of National Intelligence
I believe Putin said I don't know why it
would be now it was crystal clear
nonetheless they pretended that he
misspoke so he said this in a key
sentence in my remarks I said the word
would instead of wouldn't the sentence
should have been I don't see any reason
why I wouldn't or why it wouldn't be
Russia so that's where he looks like a
chasin child is clearly reading off of
prepared notes that are not his words
but okay fine he flipped and he says I
don't know
I definitely think the Russians
interfered I don't know why it wouldn't
be them although of course he added this
part I accept our intelligence
community's conclusion
that Russia's meddling in the 2016
election took place could be other
people also a lot of people out there
can't help himself he goes off the scrap
thing goes could be other people a lot
of people out there blood I'm not saying
anything but he clearly said Russia's
meddled in the lyc√©e if you're a trump
boater you could rewind the tape of you
like Russia's metal in the light shin Se
and he went on to tweet that if you are
saying anything otherwise that your fake
news because he's always been saying
that Russia interfered with elections
now of course the next day this happens
is Russia still interfering with our
elections he said no now everyone in the
Intelligence Committee says that's not
true they are still actively interfering
and we're worried that they might
actually get into the voter registration
rolls and they did in at least 21 states
last time around or they try to
infiltrate at least 21 states and got
into seven so they had to correct Trump
again so they sent Sarah how could be
Sanders out to pretend that no meant yes
watch reader she asked the president is
Russia still targeting the u.s. she said
no is that what the president actually
believes do you understand the question
and as his
position that no Russia is not doing
anything to interfere or medal of the
2018 election a chance to speak with the
president after his comments and the
president was said thank you very much
and was saying no to answering questions
the president and his administration are
working very hard to make sure that
right Russia is unable to meddle in our
elections as they have done in the past
as if we have stated since there's
currently not an election today not
specifically but we certainly believe
that we are taking steps to make sure
they can't do it again
unlike previous administrations this
president is actually taking bold action
and reform to make sure it doesn't
happen again
but he does believe that they would
target certainly US elections again so
now to very clear flip-flops I don't
know why it would be Russia I don't know
why it wouldn't be Russia know they're
not doing anything yes they are we're
taking bold steps to make sure that they
don't meddle in our elections again so
if you left it just there you'd say I
looked you did a correction you call it
lying I call it to my tomahto okay fine
but then remember the weekend tweet so
after all those videos and all those
things
Trump tweets and I'm gonna get this
arrow gonna be sanders to trump tweets
out this weekend like I read to you so
President Obama knew not about Russia
before election why didn't do something
about it why didn't he tell her campaign
cuz it's all a big hoax that's why so
wait a minute then okay this is your
third flip-flop so now you're saying
that the entire investigation of Russia
is a hoax
okay look before I get to conclusions
now this is when Sarah Huckabee Sanders
normally comes out goes no he didn't no
he didn't call it a hoax
he called it would that he's taking it
very seriously but nope nope nope Trump
has apparently told everybody know we're
back to hoax it's all made up the whole
thing's made up so here's Sarah Huckabee
Sanders now and I think we'd all be a
lot better off if we could get this out
of the way
that Congress and the special counsel
could come to the same conclusion that
the rest of America has that this is a
hoax and a waste of time and let's move
on and focus on some of the big problems
and big challenges we actually have to
face as a country so let's go over
conclusions one if you believe Donald
Trump which Donald Trump the one that
says the Russia did meddle in our
elections or that the entire
investigations are hoaxes which one
since the guy is a pathological non-stop
liar you have to pick one of those
Trump's that you like okay
second conclusion is of course he's not
doing anything about Russian meddling he
loved it it helped him and now he
doesn't want any part of that
investigation because that investigation
is uncovering things that connect him to
Russia and Vladimir Putin so that's why
he's in a panic and screaming over the
weekend oh of course and thirdly and I
think most importantly we have to
seriously consider the 25th amendment
the guy's lost his mind
I mean who if you were a rational actor
and you were just do and you were a bad
actor assume for a second that he he did
do it okay so this is me giving him the
benefit of the doubt not on the
substance of the charges but that he
hasn't lost his mind
how would you then act you would try to
do a subtle cover-up where you would say
oh my god I you know I'm really
concerned about the Russian meddling and
I'm on it but then you really wouldn't
do anything but on the surface you would
keep saying oh those dastardly Russians
I'm gonna go get him etc but since he's
mentally unstable he can't help himself
so he's like they didn't do it they did
do it didn't do it what is that what is
that if he ever had a mind he's lost
then and we're all going around as if
the Emperor's clothes on unfortunately
he doesn't
we just because he's the president we
move on with our lives but the reality
is this guy is deeply deeply unstable
and then it matters a ton when he does
the all-caps threatening a war with
later in the weekend because this deeply
unstable guy could do anything attack
anyone with the obvious exception of
Russia so we've got to get him out of
office do you know even if you're a
trump supporter do you know what he's
gonna say tomorrow do you know if he's
gonna say that all yeah Russians metal
then anybody who says otherwise is fake
news or that the Russia's did not meddle
and it's all a big hoax and anyone who
says otherwise is fake news do you know
which Donald Trump is gonna show up
tomorrow no you don't even if you're a
Magog I you don't know that no one knows
that Donald Trump doesn't know that you
know why he's deeply unstable remember
the tweets where he famously declared
himself a very stable genius we moved on
with our lives because it's the
uncomfortable fact that he's president
no one in their right mind tweets into
the ether yells into the ether
I'm a very stipple genius only lunatics
do that in that series of tweets he said
there are two things I'm known for in my
life one is being like a smart person
okay and two is I am known for my mental
stability I've said this before any guy
or girl it doesn't matter walks into a
bar it comes up to you and says hey I'm
known for two things in my life being
like a smart person and being really
mentally stable you like okay I gotta go
I gotta go this guy's nuts I gotta get
out of here before he does something
wrong he's the president he's the
president stop pretending that he's
mentally stable because he has deep
mental problems okay
now I'm going do unfortunately something
even more important along the similar
line so let's say we go to Arad okay so
Donald Trump spent part of the weekend
sending mentally unstable tweets about
the Russian investigation calling it a
hoax flip-flopping at least for a third
time then he went on to Iran oh boy this
is where it gets really dangerous so I'm
gonna point out the hypocrisy is here
what the political name could be but I
but I don't want you to lose focus the
most important thing here is that we not
go to war with this lunatic in office
was capable of doing anything so let me
explain how this all got started
first of all president Hassan rouhani of
Iran said this over the weekend mr.
Trump don't play with the lion's tail
this would only lead to regret this is
an obvious reference to the United
States withdrawing from the deal that we
had with Iran it was a fantastic deal
for us it ended their uranium program at
their nuclear program which was for
energy we all way to do was give them
their money back that we had taken
hostage and convinced the rest of the
world to take hostage and we ended their
nuclear program but of course Donald
Trump's like Obama did it so I'm gonna
just destroy it and maybe Putin will get
tapes of us destroying it anyway so he's
gonna destroy it he did so that's why
Aaron's mad so then they he goes on to
say to rouhani does America should know
that peace with Iran is the mother of
all peace that's Pleasant and he says
and war with Iran is the mother of all
wars okay now should he say that last
part of course not is this something
that happens in foreign diplomacy with
far too much regularity yes and it's so
painfully stupid the mother of this and
the mother of that and so kim jong hoon
comes down says we're gonna destroy you
and pulverize you and etc and then trump
says my button is bigger than yours
now here we go again with the rouhani
the only place where this rule does not
apply is Russia Russia can say anything
to us they could do anything to us and
Trump will not yell back at them but
this is
Russia it's Iran so what this Trump do
he sends this maniacal tweet this is the
President of the United States he said
to the Iranian president rouhani all
caps now because he's a child screaming
into the abyss never ever threaten the
United States again or you will suffer
consequences the likes of which few
throughout history have ever suffered
before we are no longer a country that
will stand for your demented words of
violence and death be cautious here we
go again to the brink it's exhausting
man so who knows maybe tomorrow just
like he did with Kim jong-un he'll turn
around be like rouhani he's a great guy
smart guy only a certain one out of
10,000 mullahs could do what he did
right I don't know it's Donald Trump
he's unstable but on a day that he's not
feeling particularly well he's he an
oppress the nuke
it's a real concern when he talks about
death and destruction like the world has
never seen that appears to be referring
to nukes or I guess if you could do it
in a conventional way in butcher 80
million people in Iran and a
conventional way I guess Trump was
threatened that as well it's funny cuz
Iran had words they had half a sentence
from the president that Trump didn't
like Russia actually acted according to
all of our intelligence and Donald Trump
on Monday Wednesday and so and Fridays
they did interfere in our election they
did and they're actively engaged in
cyber warfare against us today according
to his own Director of National
Intelligence
nothing nothing against Russia Iran
doesn't do anything it says something
wrong and he's like I'm gonna destroy
we're gonna just destruction gee I
wonder if there's a difference I can't
quite tell and yet still people on the
right and a tiny percentage on the left
we're like no I don't see it man I don't
see it I think he's treating Russia the
same as everybody else he's just worried
about the nukes
he says the nuclear is a big problem in
Russia but now you threat nuclear war
you did with North Korea you do you do
it with Iran this is the same president
who said that he wanted to increase the
size of our nuclear arsenal by tenfold
well I thought you were concerned about
the nukes
no no he's deeply belligerent with
everyone except Russia okay but more
importantly is is this a distraction and
if it's just a distraction with words
I'll take it I don't care all right the
guy's a lunatic I already knew that he
could scream into Twitter as long as he
likes and and I obviously is trying to
get people to stop paying attention to
all the damaging evidence that's coming
out in the Russia investigation now they
have Michael cones 12 tapes where they
are talking about his mistresses etc he
doesn't want you to look at that he
wants you to look at Iran and distract
you with that way in Fox this is gonna
help him if he leaves it at that I don't
care it's typical politics but if he
thinks the next step is oh I'm in a lot
of trouble you know what would be a
really helpful distraction and what
rallies the country no matter what war
and war in the Middle East war with
Muslims ah too easy too easy
in fact he charged President Obama with
potentially doing that of course it was
projection now that he's president
that's what he actually does and so now
rouhani has to respond otherwise he
looks incredibly weak to his own voters
and supporters in in Iran voters such as
they are
anyway so so instead of rouhani they
sent out Javad Zarif who often gives out
the statements for the Iranian
government and he says color us
unimpressed said the world had even
harsher bluster a few months ago and
Iranians have heard them I'll be albeit
more civilized ones for 40 years we've
been around for a millennia and seen the
fall of Empires including our own which
lasted more than the life of some
countries be cautious okay great so in
order to distract you Donald Trump might
start a war some libertarians some
the left thing no no he's actually a
peaceful guy he wants peace with Russia
that's why he keeps giving them
everything they want and you know and
that's why he gave Kim Jong got
everything and got nothing in return no
he doesn't want peace all he cares about
is himself II you think he would
hesitate for a second to start a
disastrous war that would kill hundreds
of thousands maybe millions of people to
save his own political ass if you think
he would pause for a second you don't
know Donald Trump at all he has no
conscience does not care about other
human beings at all the only question in
his mind is does this help Donald Trump
or just did not help Donald Trump by the
way for those of you that are concerned
about interference I'm concerned about
interference let's also be fair about
interference from other countries if you
didn't see this story this happened very
recently Benjamin Netanyahu came out and
bragged on tape that's the Prime
Minister of Israel we convinced the US
president to exit the deal referring to
the Iran deal and I had to stand up
against the whole world and come out
against this agreement and we didn't
give up so if you're concerned about
Russian interference maybe you should
also be concerned about Israeli
interference but of course in the
mainstream media no no no no Israel
interfering in our elections is awesome
wonderful just like it should be Russia
interfering is terrible I on the other
hand I'm consistent I don't want either
one of those countries or any country
interfering with our elections with our
president with our policy and then
bragging about it rubbing people's at
face in it oh I took a great deal than
US had and I smashed it because the
Americas work for me yay
I can say that out loud because the
media is not gonna pay any attention and
all the politicians basically support
Netanyahu and a lot of the Democrats
bragging and that oh no we wanted to
move the embassy before Donald Trump did
all right I'm just and it's a pertinent
to this story and I'm giving you all the
details now here comes Fox News they got
to do propaganda and beat the war drums
for Donald Trump so here's round one but
Iran as you know this is a country that
yells death to America so they're you
know we're we're we've been in a
conflict with them for a very long time
state sponsors of terror likes
said they're not having such a great
situation there at home right now and
let's remember a few key facts here if
we wanted to we could wipe out around
with the push of a button that's
militarily economically with regard to
everything that's going on there
sanctions could literally destroy the
regime that's in power right now and
when push comes to shove on the
international economic stage court who's
the international community gonna side
with a trading partner like the USS 330
million people or a whatever it is in
Iran that has about 80 million people
they're going to side with Iran excuse
me they're kind of side with the u.s.
Iran really doesn't have a leg to stand
on here and trying to threaten us I've
seen this movie before oh they'll throw
roses at our feet the Iraq war will be
really easy the original estimate by the
neo-cons in a congressional hearing for
how much the Iraq war would cost was 1.7
billion dollars and they said it might
last a couple of weeks it lasted over a
decade and cost two point four trillion
dollars at a minimum so now they're on
Fox News again Oh it'll be easy we win
at the press of a button it's 80 million
people in Iran it's four times larger
than Iraq
if you thought Iraq war was an epic
disaster you are right and the war in
Iran would be far worse far worse it
would not be easy it would be
disastrously difficult and of course
these morons have no idea they blithely
talk about war like it's a game so more
of this round two from Fox News you seem
to be having a reaction while I read
that tweet what what is it oh I mean or
what what's the president going to do
it's really easy at midnight to put caps
lock on your computer or your iPhone and
tweet tough words but what does that
mean well he's obviously sending a
message well what messages as we have
been to America
down with the US
down at the road over and on people all
across America Sinbad cool why don't we
still why don't we stiffen our spine
when it comes to this do you know what
Billy don't they don't want their sons
and daughters to go to war if they're
I'm not talking war well what's the
present talking about that right now
we're talking words because that's all
the Ayatollah and all the Iranian
president seems to be full of these days
and that's words in the president's
response bill hammers particularly
loathsome so when he worked at CNN he
was middle-of-the-road Bill Hemmer and
the Republicans say this Democrats say
that now he works for Fox News it's like
who's signing my paychecks oh yeah we
got what are we gonna stiffen our spine
against Iran they've been talking stuff
about us the whole time okay by the way
that was Marie harf that he was
responding to she's a former Obama State
Department spokeswoman so that's why she
was the only one making sense and I
don't remember Hemmer though in his
strike back we've talking you about
stiffening our spine I don't remember
him saying that about Russia well hey
they really feared with our elections
why don't we stiffen our spine it's
about time we did something with Russia
no no nothing Russia no big deal no big
deal Iran said a couple of things
Iran said words no they've been doing
this the whole time let's do our we're
gonna do anything about it
they love war as long again as long as
it's not Russia okay they're like we're
gonna make money the defense contracts
oil company sponsors we're all gonna
make money great which disastrous war
were millions of innocent civilians die
do we start next stiffen our spine says
he was fairly selective and then he
disingenuously say I'm not talking about
war you ready I just read you the tweet
Trump says they will suffer consequences
like the world has never seen
well while we do what play patty cakes
what is he referring to there obviously
is referring to war what else is that
well we will beat them in checkers like
you have never seen before no of course
he's talking about war and Fox is like
oh finally we're back to Belarus great I
got so tired of kissing Russian ass
people actually doing something to our
country Iran said words let's attack and
of course they have an unstable
mentally incompetent president so I
guess Wars more likely they must be
thrilled
so the neo-cons they didn't get what
they wanted in Russia and I'm glad about
that I want him to actually protect our
voting booths and our democracy I don't
want him to do that through war against
Russia or anyone else I don't think the
military option is smart when it comes
to Russia or Iran
we are always consistent and logical
they on the other hand go right I'm
really gonna do anything Russian what's
the big deal Iran let's go to war these
since they're half a census I don't like
typical of the Conservatives and their
nonstop hypocrisy and war mongering
Young Turks
a notorious bunch of comments for you
guys Jim Lawrence writes in yeah
representative Spencer got exposed all
right get it get it I like that pun Jim
Steve and Luke writes in people who want
to ignore the topic of brushes just
because they are bored with the topic
are insane
Putin might be controlling your
president if you want more of my
opinions on that go on Twitter today and
you'll get more than you bargained for
we could talk about it in the post
gating with John today too if you guys
like and I know that it's explosive
topic
alright star seven four three four
writes in on YouTube super chat I think
you guys are missing the larger picture
Netanyahu's role is many visits to
Moscow in the past several months as
well as the Saudi prince they're looking
to isolate Iran eventually war question
mark no I'm not missing that at all yeah
I'm deeply deeply worried about that is
definitely what Netanyahu wants that is
definitely what the New Yorker servers
in America one I think Russia's role on
this is very unclear actually the Saudis
definitely want war against Iran as well
all right clear singularity says so this
is what was discussed between Trump and
Putin in Helsinki get your popcorn folks
I hear you on that all right two tweets
for you because they're great reffered
review says Foxton says they chant death
to America while in the next breath
saying we could destroy them with the
push of a button it's a great point like
oh no we're allowed to say weak death to
Iran and we could destroy them and want
to destroy them we should destroy them
and stiffen our spines and all that
stuff anytime we want but they can't
dare say it back okay and finally
Captain shingle pants says in a tweet
befitting of his handle in a public
bathroom stall watching TYT and Janke
says yelling America asks first has me
laughing I'm sure the guy in the next
stall is creeped out okay that's
probably true captain gigolo pants but I
do appreciate that you're watching TYT
no stall get the TYT app you'll be able
to watch it anyway
okay TYT comm / app all right I do have
fun news for you guys about us real
quick great news about the Young Turks
wait I got to tell you first
we just passed four million subscribers
on The Young Turks YouTube channel
four million nine thousand four hundred
and forty three when we've made that
graphic it's now probably substantially
higher by the time you see it yeah
that's just one of our dozens of
channels on YouTube it's the flagship
channel this one but you can watch so
many of our other channels on YouTube
including a lot of our partner channels
like secular talked Jimmy Dore show
humanist reporting the list goes on and
on Ring of Fire Sam cedar but that's not
all I wanted to show you our total views
while we're at it it's not a big deal
it's just eight billion eight hundred
and ninety million views on YouTube
Facebook and other platforms largely
YouTube and Facebook but there are other
platforms in there as well that's nearly
nine billion views and then our
followers number of subscribers we have
over all is thirteen million one hundred
and seventy thousand for the TYT Network
home of progressives and here they are
thirteen point 1 million of them so
thank you guys thank you for everybody
who subscribed to the young turks on
youtube thank you for subscribing to any
of our shows all across the network on
YouTube or Facebook or Hulu or anywhere
else you find us YouTube TV make sure
you get our app and T y-t-dot-com slash
app and most importantly guys you make
all this possible by subscribing and
getting all the Young Turk shows
commercial free so go to TYT calm slash
join become a Young Turks member that
makes all the difference in the world
power all of these progressive shows the
new podcasting network has Nina Turner a
Turay ana kasparian snooze show and the
list goes on and on Jimmy doors show so
homo progressives wide opinions here
including on the main Young Turks
channel that just passed four million
subscribers but let's all go and be
members now so that we could support
progressives in the entirety of the
network TYT calm /join thank you
okay now let's move on to more news of
the day
okay so Donald Trump attacking Amazon
again now he has a fundamental
misunderstanding of who owns the
Washington Post but I will get into all
the details here first let me give you
more lunatic tweets from the president
he says the Amazon Washington Post has
gone crazy ironic that he would say that
has gone crazy against me ever since
they lost the internet tax case in the
US Supreme Court
two months ago next up is the u.s. post
office which they use at a fraction of
real costs as their quote delivery boy
for a big percentage of their packages
in my opinion the Washington Post is
nothing more than an expensive the paper
lose a fortune lobbyists for Amazon is
it used as protection against antitrust
claims which many feel should be brought
ok let's break this down and why it's
problematic so first of all Amazon
doesn't own the Washington Post of
course okay so now to be clear Jeff
Bezos personally almost the Washington
Post he's also the founder of Amazon so
I get if you made that mistake in
connection and I get if you say hey look
it's Basil's either way but you're not
the president and you're and hence you
don't speak for the government we're
freedom of the press is a constitutional
issue so you should have he should and a
bare minimum understand the facts so
Amazon does not own the Washington Post
Bezos stuff if you think that's not a
small distinction no problem okay is
there some truth to there it is point
about how some billionaire owners will
use their media outlets for propaganda
yeah that's also true
okay and some do it unwittingly I would
argue that a lot of the corporations
that run the bigger cable news channels
have a worldview that is Pro status quo
because they're doing great in the
status quo there with
multibillion-dollar corporations so they
have an establishment point of view
Murdoch does propaganda through his
outlets now fair is fair Fox News makes
money but the New York Post does not
make any money is last time that there
was report about it they explained this
was a couple years back that
your post loses fifty million dollars a
year every year and so why does Murdock
keep it because he likes to do
propaganda in New York because he thinks
that it helps his other businesses so
it's not that there are no legitimate
points in this it's that he's the
president and you cannot attack a the
Washington Post which is obviously a
part of the press in your official
government role because it's deeply
unconstitutional I know he's never read
the Constitution I know he's never read
the First Amendment but the First
Amendment is incredibly clear we have a
freedom of the press it is specifically
mentioned in the United States
Constitution not just freedom of speech
but it says freedom of the press so if
you criticize the Washington Post or I
do that's fair game even if he as
president he criticizes them no problem
okay they're allowed to speak and
they're allowed to print whatever they
like and he's allowed to say things back
to them okay and I have my issues with
the Washington Post by the way I also
have issues with Amazon so Washington
Post I think was deeply biased against
Bernie Sanders and I called him out on
that Amazon has significant issues with
what they're doing with their workers
Bernie Sanders did a great Town Hall
where that was one of the companies that
they talked about and great points made
all around on that but it's one thing
for us to do it it's when the president
says not only that he criticized them
but he says let's maybe press an
antitrust case against Amazon because
their owner owns a newspaper criticizing
me that's unconstitutional and I know
the Trump is not sophisticated enough to
be able to do nuance but we need the
rest of us to be rational and say here's
criticism that makes sense and here's
where you cross a line so and of course
the reality is there's also projection
in here which is that they the right
wing has almost purely propaganda almost
all their web sites online are backed by
billionaire Republicans who are not
interested in making a profit
none of those companies ever make a
profit no it is done for propaganda
so Trump turns around goes that's what
we do so I guess that's
what they're doing so I'm gonna shut him
down maybe with antitrust comes and
finally actually the most damaging part
is now if you're gonna press an
antitrust case against Amazon he just
made it infinitely harder cuz Amazon can
now walk in any court and go the
president is clearly trying to control
our speech he says in his tweets and in
his statements over and over again he
doesn't like what Bezos is printing in
the Washington Post that's why he's
attacking Amazon through an antitrust
claim well you just screwed up the
antitrust claim as usual pathetically
stupid and does not understand our
system of government and if there was a
case to be made against Amazon he just
ruined it so ironically Bezos has got to
be thinking how did I get this lucky to
have this schmuck in office all right
now let me quickly go to another piece
of propaganda they put out there wait
actually before that I got a Daily News
story I gotta give you sorry yes okay
today it was announced that the Daily
News in New York is cutting half of its
newsroom staff now New York Daily News
has been around for ninety nine years
that 111 post surprises and so this is
devastating news as of the people of New
York they were bought by trunk
last year trunks a super weird names a
new name that they gave to an old
company Tribune when they split the
company into two now I'm not a big fan
of trunk and and the actions they've
taken at the LA Times Chicago Tribune in
other places but we have to be fair here
let me read you their statements and
then tell you what I think happened in
an email to staff they said we are
fundamentally restructuring the Daily
News we are reducing today the size of
the editorial team by approximately 50%
and refocusing much of our talent on
breaking news especially in areas of
crime civil justice and public
responsibility well I think that they
have to so people say they shouldn't
shouldn't send interesting word so I'll
get into that in a second but let me
give you more context
as Huff Post explains after trunk
purchased the financially troubled daily
last summer for a mere $1 to began
restructuring that eliminated many new
york-based positions and centralize some
roles and trunks Chicago headquarters
guys nobody buy something for a dollar
if it isn't in a world of trouble so
they bought it basically so that they
could take the cost off the hands of the
previous owner and a previous owner was
like just take it take it that's how
much financial trouble that it's in more
context referring to trunk it changed
direction and dedicate self to they
daily news it into digital news making
it a top ten publisher as recently as
2016 but it has downsized substantially
over the years sustaining a major
layoffs in 2013 2014 and even earlier
this year when 21 people mostly
production workers were let go so we
could rage against this machine but I'm
gonna tell you what's wrong with a
machine in one more second but I want to
give Jim Rich his opportunity to weigh
in on this he was editor in chief he
said if you hate democracy and think
local government should operate
unchecked and in the dark then today is
a good day for you
now unfortunately that's true Bill
DeBlasio the mayor of New York came out
against this and so to Governor Cuomo in
New York but you can come out against it
but question is what are you gonna do
about it and so the most important
question it goes to you guys because
unfortunately a lot of the news
businesses become unsustainable and most
definitely the newspapers so here's what
happened guys they lost their classifies
checked a section it's not Craigslist
fault it's just normal disruption and
and technology but here classifieds got
obliterated that was a huge part of how
they made money then people stopped
reading the newspaper you know why in
the old days the newspaper was the main
way that you got the news there was a
morning edition there was an afternoon
edition an evening edition because you
didn't have the internet you didn't have
TV so you actually needed the newspapers
for news now very few people actually
rely on the printed newspaper to get
their news obviously there's a not just
a morning afternoon and an evening
edition of the news there's non-stop
edition of the news online
so of course there
lose a lot of their readers a lot of
their subscribers etc then the third
thing that happened is advertised just
panicked over news oh my god its brand
unsaved run for the house by the way
some of the mainstream media started
that as an attack on digital media
predominantly against Facebook and and
Google but it backfired on them now it
is affecting all of news so does Daily
News have real financial trouble and is
that why they made these cuts or they
just kind of wanted to make it to ruin
the news no even with any questions you
might have about trunk and how they have
managed other papers they had to make
the cuts because they're not making
enough money so that's the real problem
so how can you fix it look it's up to
you guys and I know that on The Young
Turks we talk a lot about good
progressive candidates you can give
money to move us here money out of
politics etc etc but if there's a paper
that you like support them by
subscribing
gotta give me another example New York
Times now they can say this was a
coincidence but when the majority of
their money came from advertising they
had the Harvey Weinstein's story but
they did not break it back then one of
their top advertisers was Weinstein's
movie company and hey what a coincidence
they held the story and didn't run it
now the majority of the revenue for the
New York Times comes from you guys from
subscribers so they had the Harvey
Weinstein story on boom they run it look
in that case maybe it was a coincidence
but I know that if you're beholden to
subscribers the actual audience you're
gonna get much better news in journalism
okay so I don't know if you like the
Daily News if you do I don't even know
you know to what degree they have a
digital subscription business but they
should okay if they don't then they're
doing something wrong but then support
them that way if you want to grow any
news organization the way you do it is
by supporting them and subscribing by
the way that also applies to us so if
you like what we're doing t y-t-dot-com
slash join become a member get all of
our shows get them ad free and support
the homo progressives so
we can complain about the daily news
layoffs you can complain about
newspapers going out of business left
and right or if you've got digital media
companies that you like that are having
trouble but the only way to solve it is
to actually bring in more revenue and
the way you do that is by having more
subscribers so and this is me trying to
help
yes ourselves because I'm telling you
the reality and I'm telling you what
makes this show run and this network run
with all these progresses in it but also
the daily news
it's a constructive in a real way to
actually help them rather than just
saying oh it's terrible and the
company's bad no man these are the
realities of the news business in in
today's America so I can go on and on
about it but if you like The Daily News
you should go subscribe to them that's
the only way they're going to be able to
maintain their staff and grow it and
that's just the reality okay I got to
take a break guys when we come back I'm
gonna take on the alt-right attack
against James Gunn if you have not seen
this story and you don't know where it
came from
wait till you watch this because it
gives you a sense of the right-wing
attack machine and what they do on a
regular basis and what they did to the
director of guardians of the galaxy
we'll do that when we return thanks for
listening to this podcast you're only
halfway through so hold hold stay right
here
just want to remind you if you want to
get all five segments of the Young Turks
commercial free these are just two of
them every day we do it so go to TYT
Network comm slash join and you get the
whole five segments two hours ad free do
it now
Bagon Turks
go to Twitter first radford reduces
graphics department on point today
laughing so hard
I'll take apart partly thanks on that
one we were I was in the production
meeting today I get 10% credit everybody
else gets 90% okay but thank you for
enjoying that we appreciate it yeah we
do work hard on it Peter Hamby writes it
on YouTube super chat 4 million on
YouTube we are the Young Turks we are
progressive students professor Jiang
huger I sure I'd go that far but thank
you he says we've become the voice
heading to November and then the big
stage coming 2020 that is definitely
true
and then finally Jim Lawrence says he
Trump really doesn't like the Washington
Post it's not like they ever took down a
president with a story before good good
point and why he might be concerned all
right now let's go do the major story on
all right ok James Gunn was the director
of guardians of the galaxy I say was
because he was recently let go by Disney
because of a controversy online
regarding some very old tweets that he
sent now he came up through an area
where he did shock humor and and did
some entertainment that was more
schlocky as well and and he wrote some
tweets that were definitely considered
offensive today he has apologized for
them and and people think well that's it
that's the whole story no that is not
the whole story let me tell you what
actually happened so that you have the
proper context first of all there are a
lot of people who understand the context
and a lot of people who have worked with
them who are now rallying to his defense
so they too are being attacked which is
part of the game plan as I will outline
to you so selma Blair is one of the
people who were supporting and worked
with him in the past so she sent out
this tweet encouraging people to sign a
petition to get him rehired by Disney by
the way this morning it's probably now
much higher but that petition already
had over a hundred and seventy thousand
signatures now the reason for that is
not because people necessarily know all
of James Gunn's track record but those
people understand where these
tax came from and why conceding to those
attacks a terrible terrible idea give
you some background on Blair HuffPost
rights selma Blair a victim of sexual
harassment who was encouraged by gun to
step forward in her claims against the
rector James Toback as a me-too movie
gained steam thank Gunn for decency and
your evolution as a man she went on to
write I thank you for your talent your
decency in your evolution you prop me up
when I was in a scary place and guided
me towards a decent and right thing to
do you have shown strength of character
more than most anyone I know you
understood so his actions showed that he
was actually incredibly supportive women
and and so others in the industry are
defending him including Patton Oswalt
and now they are being viciously
attacked by a smear machine on on the
right and so these are over by the way
old jokes now you can say the jokes were
off-color they were offensive and that's
what James Gunn says and he agrees with
you on that and that's why he does not
stand by them but they were clearly
jokes nobody thinks that he was being
serious so with a guy who took them
seriously on purpose is Mike Tsarevich
so he is a leading all right figure
sometimes he says he's all right
sometimes he says he's all light I don't
really care he's a right winger who
revels in this kind of smears and has
done it over and over again to people
like Sam cedar Patton Oswalt myself and
the list goes on
so he feigns concern about rape and
pedophilia those are his go-to moves so
since the jokes of James Gunn were on
those topics Mike service pretends to
care deeply now let's find out why exert
which is real opinions on the issues he
once wrote rape v an alpha male is
different from other forms of rape we
can't really understand this as our
culture is too detached from instinct so
apparently if you consider yourself an
alpha male that is a different kind of
rape and is what permissible this is the
guy pretending to be concerned buckle up
I mean we're at the tip of this iceberg
I'm gonna show you a lot of the iceberg
there's way too many outrageous quotes
to give you all but it was gonna give
you plenty so you get a sense of who
this guy is now he makes his son race
here he says today we have a moment of
silence for Trayvon Martin's rape
victims kidding he got got before he was
able to rape anyone now why would you
presume the Trayvon Martin who was 17
years old was gonna rape anyone I think
the answer is very very obvious but by
the way he wrote kitty in the middle of
that tweet should everyone fire him from
everything ever because he just made a
rape joke interesting it almost seems
like he's hypocritical just say the
least
here's him maybe more racial comments
not being a slut is the only proven way
to avoid AIDS if you love black women
slut-shame them now look there's so many
things offensive about that tweet but
understand that what he's mainly saying
is he's implying that black men have
AIDS so you would be helping black woman
if you slut-shame them and make sure
they don't sleep with black men who
presumably have AIDS now you can say oh
no and he will oh I meant all men what
okay look let's just keep going because
there's too much to analyze anyone tweet
too much then he goes for anti-semitism
I don't know if you've seen this on
Twitter but the right was putting three
parentheses around Jewish writers names
it's just it's called echo he defended
of course of course so he says echo
exists because people got tired of
seeing we white people are evil and
oppress blacks speak as Jews not whites
honesty okay so he's saying I'm just
labeling the Jews because they're not
really white and they shouldn't speak
for whites
okay that's sort of it now you might
have heard a beet pizza a huge proponent
of pizza gate and by the way all he does
is lie so in the beginning pizza gate
and Podesta and Clinton and they've got
a pedophile ring as his favorite go-to
move accused every one of his opponents
of being a pedophile see why in a second
and then later when a guy goes in and
shoots up the place he's like god I
never did piece of gay okay here's one
of wait actually before I get to that
let me give you important on his
real views on rape okay so he says do a
google image search for a lions mating
that's basically rape and it's also the
natural form of sex okay so period stop
anyone who gets a call for Mike Serta
bitch who says oh I have a scoop for you
I'm really outraged about rape or
pedophilia the correct answer is no
thank you
hang up okay he did pizza gate he does
these conspiracies all the time you're a
fool to trust them because even if he
gives you the correct tweets he
purposely mangles the context and he
does it on purpose so any guy who calls
me who said that pretending to be
concerned about rape the correct answer
is immediately hang up why are we having
a conversation because people like
Disney MSNBC in the Sam cedar situation
react and they go oh my god sort of it
said something fire someone are you nuts
this is one of the worst people on earth
more from him he says the hotter the sex
the more closely it resembles rape B's
and he says he does the he plays a quote
anti-rape game oh boy he says after
abusing a girl I always immediately send
a text and save her reply by the way
you're not gonna be shocked to find out
that he of course was accused of rape
and then he bragged about how he hired a
private investigator to go after the
victim so that he could get out of the
charge okay
never went to court on it so not
convicted I was able to successfully
intimidate the witness and the victim
now on to his strategy he says that the
right way to go is to create compelling
spectacle using conflict use trolling
tactics to build his brand alright well
we go to those aforementioned trolling
tactics in the case of pizza gate he had
gone after John Podesta and there was
his idea that he was running a pedophile
ring out of a pizza parlor shop this
insanity how does anyone take this guy's
call how does anyone take him seriously
okay he said pedophile Podesta won't
concede tonight thought it was Trump who
wouldn't concede hashtag election night
now this is a theme that he returns to
over and over again then he says salon
published Pro pedophilia articles it it
is platform for pedophiles time to write
investors why do they fund money losing
company anyone who disagrees with him is
a pedophile anyone who supports anyone
who disagrees with them supports
pedophilia did salon write pro
pedophilia articles of course not he
also accused a BBC of running things
that were pro pedophilia why cuz he
doesn't like the BBC then he went after
by the way conservative publications
that didn't agree with her me says the
National Review supports pedophilia it
doesn't it doesn't matter the truth is
irrelevant as he's going to explain
himself in a second then he went after
Republican senators that were not
sufficiently loyal to Donald Trump
including Ben Sasse of Nebraska he said
whoa Ben Sasse is pedophile connections
keep going deeper on and on and on it's
the same MO every single time on the one
he used against James Gunn and why did
he do it he said oh I didn't like that
he was criticizing Donald Trump and they
didn't like what the reaction to the
actor mark Duplass when he said he likes
ben shapiro they're like oh yeah that's
it we're gonna destroy you okay well at
least you're clear now jesse single had
written a piece about him and in new
york magazine and so he struck back
against them i hope you're sitting guess
what he called him he says i'm 100
percent sure Jesse single is a sexual
predator he has all the tell-tale signs
of a date rapist coast it's no end to it
so then but this is the important part
he then bragged on Twitter that he's
doing it on purpose
he wrote Jesse single is a sexual
predator I can get that on page one of
Google in due time now he knows this
single is not he just wrote a piece
about Serna bitch that he didn't like so
that's him basically bragging I could
ruin this guy's reputation by lying
about him as long as I get into
one day page one of Google that's what
he does and yet people take attacks from
him seriously okay he explains his
method he said to beat a person you
lower his or her social status and
what's the best way to lower anyone's
social status just call the better file
call him a sexual predator now if you
happen to support those guys who
actually are who cares why and if
they're not actually sexual predators
are pedophiles who cares
here's another why here's another quote
from Sirte which quote logic is
pointless doesn't have to be logical it
doesn't have to be true it just has to
work and people companies like Disney
keep on helping him by saying oh my god
I'm so concerned about what Mike sort of
itches found
let's go fire someone okay now the
anatomy of a hit job Vick burger is a
guy who went after him on Twitter so he
decided he was gonna go after Vick
burger so what does he do of course
charges of pedophilia totally
unsubstantiated made out of whole cloth
like every single time so then big
burger says I'm not a child molester as
anyone would say and then certain of its
turns that around goes the whiner doth
protest too much methinks
so you accuse him being a child molester
he says I'm not a child so you go aha so
you must be but it works for his alt
right lunatics who sometimes show up
with guns he then goes on to says as
they did in the pizza gate situation he
says life tip for Vick burger when you
have to tell people you're not a child
molester you've gone wrong in life
please get help now wait a minute you
have to constantly tell people that
you're not a rapist
Mike Serna bitch because you've been
accused of rape and you have at least
half a dozen quotes where you celebrate
rape oh you want to explore your life
choices and in this case you made up
that charge against them you made them
denied after you denied it you go
examine your life choices I got you okay
and then of course on the big burger
situation he says there is an active
pedophile ring being run on Twitter yes
I heard you and got your tips Department
of Justice
under Trump have been alerted and by the
way these guys have brown shirts so if
you think that the Department of Justice
under Trump won't one day act on these
so-called tips you might want to think
again these are scary times with these
monsters that go around and have access
to power so now another part of the MO
is if you dare support anyone he has
falsely accused you will lump you in
with them so as a tweet with a whole
bunch of perfectly innocent people who
are decent human beings and he writes
these are quote unquote mainstream
people all of them came to the defense
of an admitted pedophile here and so
don't you dare ever defend anyone I have
attacked
otherwise I will say that you came to
the defense of a pedophile and I will
smear you and try to get that on page 1
of Google and I'll do my tactics against
you now does he know any kind of people
who might support pedophilia actually
Milo gianopolous lost everything because
on Joe Rogan's podcasts he seemed to
turn a blind eye to pedophilia so what a
certain bitch have to say against him is
she got to be tough against Milo instead
he says this sort of ikana gianopolous
one of the only guys other than me who's
doing social media right the only guy
who actually was involved in a
pedophilia scandal I started which is
like that guy's got a totally right the
ones i falsely accused how dare you it
may immediately fire them finally back
to the issue of whether Cerner which
actually cares about sexual assault one
more quote for you said when is the last
time women organized the support and
men's rights issue stop being and I got
a meet it for you because it's what the
word did he used said stop being fags
who cares about breast cancer and rape
not me that's sort of it whenever you
see an attack against someone you have
to do a couple of things because right
now I'm afraid and especially the media
removes the attack from outside of its
content
and then by definition makes it deeply
misleading I have to say where did the
attack come from why did it come and
what is the context of it so by the way
this happens in politics all the time
not to the this degree of you know lies
and insanity and the cruelty that sort
of it's another all right guys use but
they'll do Oppo research and then the
media will report it there's a great
candidates that will have investigations
of them no investigation ever get son of
their opponent and then people
especially especially in the media will
report that one attacker they'll go oh
my God look at this one guy it was
terrible well how come you didn't
investigate the other guys and who asks
you to investigate that guy who gave you
that information in the first place and
oftentimes it is opposition research
from other campaigns but the media never
tells you that by the way not only our
problems but Democrats do that as well
and they most especially do it against
progressives so I'm asking you as the
audience whenever you see something like
this and if you're in the media business
for God's sake write the context that's
supposed to be your job where did the
attack come from and this came it
clearly came from the all right why do
they do it
not because they're actually concerned
about any of the issues that James Gunn
joked about it's because they think that
this is the number way to way to smear
him and get him fired and that the
context is not that hey is James Gunn's
tweets from nine ten some 14 years ago a
big problem as to what he actually
believes no I mean look the Sam cedar
case was the perfect case Sam cedar went
after a pedophile he went after Roman
Polanski but he joked about it in how he
went after Roman Polanski's tournaments
pretended the Sam cedar was not joking
and that was supporting Polanski the
exact opposite of was Sam cedar was
saying so MSNBC fired Sam cedar why cuz
corporation is panic oh my god somebody
attacked and they fired him and later we
all fought back and for that by the way
I was also attacked also totally out of
context and I'm gonna say one last thing
about that NSA but we did defend them
and we're defending James Gunn right now
because you it is
our job to give you that context and I
want you in the audience to understand
that context and so one last part of the
context is when they go to old tweets
and they twist them or even if they
don't twist them it's because they got
nothing else
so they went after Sam cedar and twisted
a tweet that he wrote to mean the
opposite because you think they didn't
try to go after Sam cedar in a hundred
other ways they did but apparently Sam
bless his heart leads a really boring
life and so look you could get almost
anybody on anything and all they had on
Sam was a twisted tweet that's it
nothing for us like at all we're gonna
get these guys in the meat to women they
call every woman at the Young Turks
right they get nothing they look at all
of our stuff and man we have tens of
thousands of videos they get nothing so
what do they do
oh I got an idea remember when Jack was
a Republican he was a prick like us so
let's go see if he said things that were
bad back in the day so they went and
found things from decades ago and things
that I had deleted over ten years ago
why not what I got caught but when when
I said looked at him I'm like no that's
not me and I deleted it right like oh we
found them from the wayback machine in
the cetera you know what that means guys
and a look it's easy for me to say
because this about me but you could say
it about any of these guys they went to
that because they couldn't get anything
else so when you see a charge it isn't
about me or Sam or even James Gunn when
you see the next charge understand that
these guys went and tried to get him on
everything and they couldn't and all
they could find in the case of James
Gunn was really old tweets that doesn't
mean that he did any of those things
actually ironically it means he didn't
Young Turks thanks for watching what I
hope was a lovely edition of The Young
Turks now you know that that is two of
the five segments that we do because
that's free we want to have you support
independent media and can watch the
whole show that we do every day that's
five segments overall no ads at all
that's at
yt network.com slash join come become a
member
thanks for watching either way
