Before we jump into the next clip I just
want to tell you real quick we got a new
audio network go to t y-t-dot-com slash
audio and get all of our new podcasts
people from multiple sides are
absolutely desperate to take down
Alexandria Ocasio cortes that's been
going on since her victory over drill
crowley in the Democratic primary in
that district and these people are not
going to allow a simple lack of any good
reason to attack her to stop from
launching those attacks and so the
initial ones were pretty ridiculous I
mean there was attempts to say that she
had come for me a rich family because
she grew up in a relatively modest
looking house that she had gone to a
university that she didn't actually go
to and it's actually kind of devolved
from there so we've got a couple
different attacks against her and I want
to go through several of them because it
gives you an idea of how little they've
got to work with but how thirsty they
are for something to slam her with first
we have Ron DeSantis Republican
congressman and he comes that are from
two different angles one of them is
going to be very familiar if you're
familiar with the right wing let's watch
but you look at this this girl of k'sia
Cortes or whatever she is I mean she's
in a totally different universe
it's basically socialism wrapped in
ignorance and so she's in a totally
different universe well maybe not
totally different universe but she is in
New York and you're running in Florida
so it's a little bit odd that you feel
the need to bring her up without even
learning how to pronounce her name which
is an odd just like jump but you'll
notice there of course he said this girl
or whatever she is and philosophers will
spend a great deal of time trying to
figure out what exactly he's questioning
about her existence there before we go
to the substance of the two most
important points here in DeSantis
comments which leads to what others have
said as well let's note that all right
the dismissive condescending patronizing
girl we all got that right but to me the
more interesting part of the nonsense is
whatever she is what does that mean I
don't even know what that means is there
confusion over who she is well he had
just finished saying this girl or
whatever she is so it leads you to you
know just like grammatically that he's
questioning that she's a girl like you
know she's not a girl she's a woman
you have mislabeled her there that's on
you there's no it's not like the rest of
us they're trying to figure out what she
is you refused her to refuse to Accord
her the obvious dignity that she
deserves and are trying to denigrate her
by implying that she's just some girl
which for his right-wing audience is
just about the worst thing you could
possibly be yes so now two forms of
attack here and two reasons for the
attack the reasons for the attack are
the interesting ones one they're partly
scared of her so they're like no if she
says oh and that's why they call it
ignorance oh she says oh you're gonna
get a free opportunity for your kids to
go to college Babu actually that might
work we're gonna get health care just
like every other developed country in
the world where it's in our case would
be Medicare for all that pulls us sixty
percent so they're like wait a minute a
Democrat has woken up and is actually
campaigning on the right issues so the
same most stupid stuff they lose on
which is hey we're like the Republicans
but not quite as much
so there's a little bit of panic in
there the second thing they they redo is
in their ignorance they think and and it
depends on the person doing it and one
might do it for one reason and another
does it for the second reason and so
some of them probably think oh this will
be easy
well we'll just attack her as a
socialist all the old people in the
country know that you're supposed to
hate socialist because of the goddamn
Russians wait that's inconvenient okay
but they forgot about that part anyway
oh that's a dagger for being socialists
they just want free stuff like you know
they want like higher wages wait that's
not free and they work really hard why
shouldn't you get higher wages so I
think that these attacks are in some
ways good news for us
they're accidentally doing ads for
progressive values and we have a great
example of that coming up in one of our
other videos I'm gonna jump ahead really
fast I apologize at the graphics to
about thirty-five because it turns out
that a little bit later on the day
Alexandre Custer would have responded to
what he said and she tweeted
representative disentis it seems you're
confused as to whatever I am I am a
Puerto Rican woman it's strange you
don't know what that is given that
75,000 Puerto Ricans have relocated to
Florida in the ten months since Maria
but I'm sure those new Florida voters
appreciate your comments that is awesome
and and I think that they're picking on
the wrong woman and they're about to
find that out and they're in the middle
of finding that out there used to
Democrats who won't fight back you've
got the wrong lady yeah so every time
they punch she punches back which by the
way is super obvious but somehow
ridiculously the rest of the Democrats
usually don't they usually take it an
orange so you resign themselves to
complaining like oh that's not fair it's
unfair they shouldn't do that no we
counterpunch so yes i the Santas wants
to deny people health care and their
kids might die because of it that's what
this Santis is and if they do survive he
doesn't want them to get a college
education like the rich kids because
that's who this Santis is oh you'd like
to get rich
well you wants to keep your wages down
you want to keep fighting to santa's
come and get some yeah and look we've
got multiple different angles that
they're coming out
from the the misogyny is just one but
buckle up because we know that in this
cycle more and more women at least on
the Democratic side have been winning
races many of them will become Congress
women some will become senators some
will be running for president and just
wait because when when a woman is strong
and progressive it gets under their skin
in a way that they can't handle and some
will attack them based on their ideology
or at least a misinterpretation of what
their ideology is but others just can't
wait to launch misogynistic attacks
against them so that is gonna be a
constant refrain against aoc and others
by the way that whole talk of a
Torrance's is partly that right so in
one of the things that that he
criticized her on policy he said you
know she says that the Palestinians are
occupied under Israel I mean can you
believe they're ignorant Palestine has
never been a state that doesn't mean the
Palestinians are not occupied does it
made sense none of it makes sense and
and and they like deny reality while
thinking that they're clever this
ignorant little girl thinks the
Palestinians are occupied what the hell
are they they're occupied their guests
no yeah and then you know all day long
singing be our guest be our guest that's
that's that would be I guess I'm a Crone
if anything I suppose okay but we got
multiple different angles so let's jump
now to I want to bring back just to give
you full context since the beginning
Nancy Pelosi undercutting to some extent
Alexandria's victory early on in to us
in one district so let's not get
yourself carried away as an expert on
demographics
rest of that within the caucus or
outside the caucus we are again we have
an array of genders generations
geography and the rest opinion and our
caucus and we're very proud of that the
fact that in a very progressive district
in New York it went more progressive
than well Joe Crowley is a progressive
but more to the less than Joe Crowley is
about that district it is not to be do
that's something that stands it looks
like she unfortunately has not been
watching our election coverage because
this has not been one district this has
been happening all around we've got some
big ones coming up in the next few
months as well Nancy Pelosi you should
pay a little bit more attention these
primaries carry Eastman one with a
almost identical platform in the Malone
Nebraska and beat a former Democratic
incumbent was that just one district was
that demographics this Pelosi's argument
in Nebraska gonna be its appealing to
too many white people it's just one
demographic so look the reason we sure
you Pelosi is it's the rage of the
Machine overall the Democratic machine
does not like her the Republican machine
does not like her because they're like
warning warning good ideas that might
actually help Americans are have been
spotted we must attack and destroy so
she says she stumbles a little bit in
giving the Palestine answer they both
pounce
oh she stumbled and she said the
Palestinians are occupied preposterous
wasn't a stumble but okay and they are
occupied the other day she said red
instead of blue and they're like Seamus
Punk okay we're gonna get two more on
that in a second but both sides are
doing it why because she's also a threat
to the Democrats I mean look at Pelosi
instead of saying these are our
progressive values that one she's like
they're not our values it's just one
district and a bunch of Latinos and
black people voting in that district
demographic not true by the way
she won whites a larger percentage than
minorities that's inconvenient tops
because Mike this
she runs away from progressive values
that's why you're seeing all these
attacks against their Cascio Cortez and
that's also why one of the reasons I
like playing a Nancy Pelosi thing and
like you know there there are worse
politicians than Nancy Pelosi but I like
this because this is exactly what we
said on election night needs to happen
and we said if we fight if we stay
vigilant it will happen we're not gonna
check out of the party we're not gonna
flee the party we're gonna take over the
party Nancy Pelosi is sweating
specifically because we stayed in and we
fought and because people like AOC are
winning and others she's gonna have a
lot of company come November but you
mentioned the the red and the blue that
almost sounds like you're just like
that's just like an exhibit or something
but no I there was a there was an
article on media this morning that she
had accidentally said let's flip this
state blue iris flip the state red see I
just messed it up that's how easy it is
to do let's flip the state red instead
of let's flip the state blue they wrote
an article about that and multiple
right-wingers are using that as an
attack Tommy Lauren said that's an
example of her being a trainwreck
because she said red instead of blue
Tommy Lauren goes on to say I used to
love it when Hillary Clinton would come
on TV because I thought that it would
make it so much easier for Republicans
in November and in 2020 she might have
something there but I'm over Hillary
this is my new girl that's not why
you're talking about Alexandria Koster
of Cortes you're talking about her
because you wish that you were one-tenth
as influential as she is in the very
limited time that she's been on national
stage and that is why you are willing to
take something like swapping one color
for another and imply that that's the
beginning of the end for a cannon okay
Tommy Lawrence is that getting one word
wrong is example of a train wreck if
anybody else in politics has gotten
words wrong and then had to correct
themselves hmm maybe a certain orange
leader that Tommy loves so much I said
would what I meant wouldn't but I'd but
later I will say would again and and I
said no when I may yes and that's the
tip of the iceberg you want to talk
about a train wreck Tommy you want to
about a train wreck that guy who you
adore so much and can't stop praising
and alexandria is one word wrong and you
say train wreck how scared are you part
of the reason is is they're talking
about it on fox news she's talking to
Jessie dirty waters and this is nothing
but doing our ads for us keep going
brothers and sisters they said that she
that Ocasio Cortez was blaming
no-holds-barred wild west hyper
capitalism yeah that's right yeah I
think she's doing that and I'm glad the
chance that's right and and so dirty
water says I don't think she gets it no
I think she gets it exactly right and
look I'm a guy who says all time that I
I'm a capitalist and and by the way the
word socialism
no one ever defines it okay you could
argue that America is socialist it's a
mixed economy just like Europe is a
mixed economy and the word Cabell ism
doesn't mean much either
anyway but one thing that is clear and
I've talked to the top banker is that
guys who run hedge funds etc everyone is
worried about run out of control no ha
sparked hyper capitalism which is an
actually capitalism is corporatism it's
crony capitalism yeah with no
regulations that is not what Adam Smith
in said or intended he warned about
monopolies etc but these people on Fox
News are deeply ignorant it while they
pretend that others don't know what
they're talking about
but keep going because I'll tell you
even a lot of your viewers are like well
you tell me big businesses awesome and
she tells me it's not I work for a big
business I think I know where I stand on
that one yeah yeah it sounds pretty good
when you hear like that yeah look and
there are people who do define it very
well they just aren't interested in
finding it's the same as when they say
that the in the NFL people are
protesting the flag it's not what
they're protesting you could talk to one
of the people protesting and actually no
but you don't care to know so when
Alexandria was on my show she defined it
very succinctly she's done it multiple
times since then when we had the
National Director of DSA on they defined
it very succinctly thirty seconds you
know exactly what they're about they're
not interested in knowing they don't
actually care they want to pretend that
it's Venezuela or whatever but I do want
to turn to another example of what
you're saying we're sort of doing our
work for us this was a short video that
was tweeted out by Fox
business attacking Alexandria sort of
not entirely sure let's watch er a
nation that will not stop until every
child is born with the opportunity to go
to college or trade school free of cost
we will not rest until every person in
this country is paid a living wage to
lead a dignified life they posted that
to attack her
it's a Dems in disarray kids go to
college so they have an opportunities
called the American Dream and the second
part was arguing for living wages for
hardworking Americans who by definition
have a job she was higher wages how dare
she
and the Fox interpretation of that is
disarray keep going okay yes okay so we
also have by the way let let's to return
to they have the rally in Kansas City
Bernie and Alexandria and Brent welder
as well and so a Kevin Yoder who in any
other election would just be cruising to
another victory had to have the
president endorse him last week and now
he's going on the offensive early on we
were still waiting for the primary Kevin
Yoder said this progressive liberals
Bernie Sanders and Alexandria Castillo
Cortes are coming to Kansas to campaign
for bread welder they're here to
advocate for open borders kicking 168
million Americans off private health
insurance and on to government programs
and doubling your taxes to pay for it
sign the petition today if you're if you
agree they're too extreme and then just
they just put chose pictures at random
those are just totally fair pictures
that's not actually what they were
advocating it for I love the idea that
they are the ones trying to kick you off
your health insurance and not the party
that literally just kicked more than ten
or fifteen million people off the ACA
last year in their first attempt to
destroy it alright and finally I love
that there accidentally doing ads for
Brent welder yeah
because right now he's in a primary yeah
so Yoder is now running ads saying Brent
welder is the Democrat to watch out for
and that district voted overwhelmingly
in the primaries in the caucus in Kansas
for Bernie Sanders so when you put Brent
welder and Bernie Sanders and across
there Cortes and that same ad you did am
a giant favor thank you very much you
idiot by the way why is he in a panic
because Brent welder already is beating
him by seven points in that same
district so Yoder and Trump are in a
panic as a Brent welder so let's go
finish the job look up his website Brent
welder calm we'll have links down below
if you're watching later on youtuber
Facebook and TYT Kansas com we've raised
him a lot of money and you should keep
going because he's got him on the ropes
and they're panicked yeah so between her
Ocasio Cortes Sanders and candidates
just Democratic candidates like Brent
welder we've got them exactly where we
want them where they are accidentally
telling the American people what we
stand for they think they're gonna hate
it that hasn't been the case so far so
far they've loved it too easy wasteful
Young Turks want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
