first time nailing out for the game the
second time out for this season with no
pain okay well while we're on the topic
of punishment what's defined for siding
with a foreign agent over your fellow
Americans he just said it's not Russia I
will say this I don't see any reason why
it would be this weekend the NFL was
back in the spotlight for all the wrong
reasons again as a discussion around
player protests of say it with me
police brutality was a topic of Trump's
tweets and an outrageous decision by the
Dolphins first only decided to use this
platform as president again to suggest
players be banned for an entire season
if they dare care about the unjust
treatment of black people in the country
and this clearly rang true with the
dolphins as The Associated Press
reported that they were considering a
policy to ban players for four games if
they decided to protest for games for
protesting police brutality meanwhile
here's a reminder Ray Rice was given an
initial two game ban for punching his
partner meanwhile meanwhile here's
another reminder from 2002 to 2015 NFL
suspended 15 players over violence
towards women with an average of one and
a half game suspensions the longest
suspension was that of three games
proving yet again that the NFL I guess
thinks that protesting the unlawful
treatment of black people in America is
worse than physically assaulting your
wife not to forget that they will open
their arms gracefully and welcome back
players who have committed domestic acts
of violence and dogfighting and sexual
abuse and drug abuse but draw the line
at peaceful protest
now that sounds normal however not all
NFL owners were looking at such measures
to punish their players Giants owner
Steve Tisch pushed back stating we
support our players they are not going
to be punished and as a result of this
back and forth what happened the NFL
decided to freeze its anthem policy
until they and the Players Association
discussed the matter further something
you would have thought they already
would have considered doing before
proposing such outrageous policies but
then again the other same organization
who have effectively banned Colin
Kaepernick and Eric Reid for their
stance so that leaves the NFL between a
rock and a hard place and that is
exactly where they deserve to be they
created this mess on their own by miss
handling this issue from the very
beginning and allowing an ego
testicle fruitcake to sabotage this
conversation in fact that they had these
conversations on how to address the
issue without involving : Catholic
himself just shows how attached they are
from the issue itself
but their attitude towards the protests
is representative of a large part of the
country who are still so easily
manipulated into believing the protest
was of the anthem or the flag with
countless headlines still playing into
the hands of that false narrative it has
and will continue to be a means to shed
light on injustice an issue that this
organization deems so problematic that
they simply are in turmoil trying to
address ultimately deeming the protest
to say hey black lives matter as worse
than physically assaulting your wife
