so Donald Trump attacking Amazon again
now he has a fundamental
misunderstanding of who owns the
Washington Post but I will get into all
the details here first let me give you
more lunatic tweets from the president
he says the Amazon Washington Post has
gone crazy ironic that he would say that
has gone crazy against me ever since
they lost the internet tax case in the
US Supreme Court
two months ago next up is the u.s. post
office which they use at a fraction of
real costs as their quote delivery boy
for a big percentage of their packages
in my opinion the Washington Post is
nothing more than an expensive the paper
lose a fortune lobbyists for Amazon is
it used as protection against antitrust
claims which many feel should be brought
ok let's break this down and why it's
problematic so first of all Amazon
doesn't own the Washington Post of
course ok so now to be clear Jeff Bezos
personally almost the Washington Post
he's also the founder of Amazon so I get
if you made that mistake in connection
and I get if you say hey look it's basil
see their way but you're not the
president and you're and hence you don't
speak for the government where freedom
of the press is a constitutional issue
so you should have he should at a bare
minimum understand the facts so Amazon
does not own the Washington Post Bezos
stuff if you think that's let a small
distinction no problem ok is there some
truth to there it is point about how
some billionaire owners will use their
media outlets for propaganda yeah that's
also true ok and some do it unwittingly
I would argue that a lot of the
corporations that run the bigger cable
news channels have a worldview that is
Pro status quo because they're doing
great in the status quo there with
multi-billion dollar corporations
so they have an establishment point of
view Murdoch does propaganda through his
outlets now fair's fair Fox News makes
money but the New York Post does not
make any money is last time that there
was report about it and they explained
this was a couple years back that the
New York Post loses 50 million dollars a
year every year and so why does Murdoch
keep it because he likes to do property
in New York because he thinks that it
helps his other businesses so it's not
that there are no legitimate points in
this it's that he's the president and
you cannot attack a the Washington Post
which is obviously a part of the press
in your official government role because
it's deeply unconstitutional I know he's
never read the Constitution I know he's
never read the First Amendment but the
First Amendment is incredibly clear we
have a freedom of the press it is
specifically mentioned in the United
States Constitution not just freedom of
speech but it says freedom of the press
so if you criticize the Washington Post
or I do that's fair game even if he as
president he criticizes them no problem
okay they're allowed to speak and
they're allowed to print whatever they
like and he's allowed to say things back
to them okay and I have my issues with
the Washington Post by the way I also
have issues with Amazon so Washington
Post I think was deeply biased against
Bernie Sanders and I called him out on
that Amazon has significant issues with
what they're doing with their workers
Bernie Sanders did a great Town Hall
where that was one of the companies that
they talked about and great points made
all around on that but it's one thing
for us to do it it's when the president
says not only did he criticize them but
he says let's maybe press an antitrust
case against Amazon because their owner
owns a newspaper criticizing me that's
unconstitutional and I know the Trump is
not sophisticated enough to be able to
do nuance but we need the rest of us to
be rational and say here's criticism
that makes sense and here's where you
cross a line so and of course the
reality is there's also projection in
here which is that they the right wing
has almost purely propaganda almost all
their web sites online are backed by
billionaire Republicans who are not
interested in making a profit
none of those companies ever make a
profit no it is done for propaganda
so Trump trend goes that's what we do so
I guess that's what they're doing so I'm
gonna shut them down maybe with
antitrust guns and finally the actually
the most damaging part is now
if you're gonna press an antitrust case
against Amazon he just made it
infinitely harder because Amazon can now
walk in any court and go the president
is clearly trying to control our speech
he says in his tweets and in his
statements over and over again he
doesn't like what Bezos is printing in
the Washington Post that's why he's
attacking Amazon through an antitrust
claim well you just screwed up the
antitrust claim as usual pathetically
stupid and does not understand our
system of government and if there was a
case to be made against Amazon he just
ruined it so ironically Bezos has got to
be thinking how did I get this lucky to
have this schmuck in office two easy
ways for the young turks want us hit the
subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
