I've got a fantastic gifts for you guys
and she's in the studio the Liberty Bell
is here
Adrienne Bell one of the first ever just
Democrats that we talked to and well the
first to win you want to run off in
Texas that was the first set of races
that we covered and then you won with in
the runoff so you've already got two
wins under your belt in a sense I'm
sorry you won the primary overall I
should say and so great to have you in
the studio and you and this is Texas
14th district and you run against Randy
Weber okay
so let's talk about your opponent first
and then I want to talk if in case some
of you did not see the earlier
interviews that we did with Adrian I
want to talk about your background as
well so Randy how bad is he Randy is
missing and he's not seen much in the
district and he votes 93 percent with
Trump and so therefore he is voted
against the interest of the constituents
in district 14 and and let's talk about
the district a little bit
he's you've got a Republican incumbent
so it's at least used to be read right
correct and so is it significantly
Republican historically or no it was
gerrymandered in 2012 and before that it
they had a Democratic congressman a
Ralph Ralph Nick Lanson and so since the
gerrymandering is when it became over
conservative district I remember Nick
Lamson yeah man I've had a lot of people
on the show so I remember done in a clam
sandbag him oh and he was a congressman
so if it is redistricting but it can
still happen again so the most important
thing Adrian and I have seen this work
now in a lot of the races of people who
won primaries obviously we got general
elections coming up it's working in
closing the lead in polls in a lot of
the areas it's talking about their
donors so Randy Weber does he have some
donors that might be problematic in in
determining whether he's actually
representing the people there well he
has donations from NRA and also a lot of
corporations where he gets a lot of his
money
so you're just
that means that you don't take any
corporate PAC money so I see I got a
list here he's taking money from
Marathon Exxon Halliburton and and so
look oil and gas is big in Texas yes but
at the same time you want it to be for
the people so they creates jobs that's
one thing but if Randy Weber is secretly
working for Halliburton and Exxon
because he's taking money from them
that's a different thing so look I'll
ask you the question that the anti so
Cooper of the world asked Bernie and I'm
curious what your answer is do you think
that makes them personally corrupt I
think it makes them not focus on the
people and the focus is on corporations
and making sure that you take care of
them when we look at the tax cuts when
we call it the tax scam that occurred it
had nothing to do with the people that
are in that district the district is
comprised mainly of lower-income and
middle-income working families and so
when you have tax cuts that are going to
our corporations you're not trying to
benefit the people your benefit the
corporations who are paying you that's
in my opinion exactly right and he's a
member of the freedom caucus that's
about the most conservative yet right
very conservative he voted against the
affordable care act which in Texas Texas
ranks the worst in uninsured residents
and so voting against our residents
having insurance baseless telling you I
don't really care about you I don't care
whether or not your family is healthy I
don't care whether or not you can have
health care insurance just to take care
of your family so Adrian I know you're a
second grade school teacher and and
you're pursuing your PhD you got your
masters it also says that you work in
Obama team so how'd you do that I
volunteered in 2012 to go on the
president obama's reelection campaign i
got an email from michelle obama
okay so Michelle asked me to go and
volunteer for and become a fellow with
the Obama campaign I'm like of course
cuz Michelle Obama asked me to do it
yeah and so I went to Ohio and it
changed my life I realized and
recognized the importance of community
activism and how
organizing a neighborhood would leave
that neighborhood stronger than when we
found it so it ignited in me something
that just never went away
do you guys do any gardening together
that's pretty cool
you had an email from Michelle Obama I
need you yes okay well look and when
when the call happened
Adrian stepped up and now she needs you
guys so you got a step up okay I want to
give the links right away because it's
so important to help uncorrupted
candidates that that can make a huge
difference and actually work for the
people bail 2018 comm ring the bell
okay that's the website and you got a
donate and volunteer if you want this
victory to happen against one of the
most conservative obnoxious
conservatives Republicans in the country
in Randy Weber he's often in the news
and and almost always fighting for
corporate interests and not not the
people's interests so how are you gonna
finish up the PhD if you're in Congress
I am going to finish it I completed my
coursework that was four years of work
and so then I decided to run for
Congress and you can't well it's very
difficult to run for Congress and also
study for your comprehensive exams and
write a dissertation but I'm not gonna
let those years go to waste
and so I plan on completing and becoming
dr. Bell all right I love it I can't
wait to call you dr. Bell and
representative Bell did she decide well
sure no I call her or she's not okay
so let's talk about your priorities what
are your top priorities in this race
Medicare for all is our the largest
thing that we talk about because of what
our constituents are talking about is
health care we have a lot of seniors in
the district and they are concerned
about drug prices when they have to
choose between groceries and buying
prescription medication we need to do
something about that when you have
seniors who are concerned because all of
a sudden they're no longer in a network
then we need to be concerned about that
so health care is the number one item
for us also criminal justice reform we
have too many black and brown men that
are locked up in prisons because of the
failed war on drugs for one and then
also we want to make sure that we have
quality public education I'm a huge
proponent of early childhood education
we need to start educate
now children at age 3 full-time
education so that they can be global
players in this global market yeah you
know it's funny because we're probably
sometimes talked about what's wrong with
the culture right now that's a code word
and when especially they talk about it
in terms of Chicago it's wrong what's
wrong with the culture there it's
they're trying to attack black folks
okay but if they were genuine then
wouldn't they want people to start
getting an education at the age of three
and getting educated and learning all
the right things so are they putting
proper funding behind it they are not
because they're not putting education as
a top value in this country when you
have teachers and my dissertation talks
about teachers and most novice teachers
leave within three years so that's a
huge economic burden for America because
you're retraining teachers that are just
walking out the door because education
is tough when we are teaching to a test
and we're not teaching the students
we're not making sure that they know how
to read we want to make sure that they
can read a passage they can dissect it
and that's it
well that's not a student outcome
success being able to pass one test in
one day and so they're not focusing on
that Texas especially we've had a lot of
education funding cuts and so thankfully
this year we have representatives who
are running for office who are really
concerned about public education and
want to put it back on the forefront in
Texas you know it's so frustrating
that's why we do rebel headquarters in
the first place it's if you're paying
attention to who is actually trying to
help you and who cares about the
community and and that's why I just
Democrats by the way found Adrienne belt
because they were looking for people who
were active in the community cared about
people or the guy who's taking all the
money like so medicare-for-all Adrienne
how are you gonna how can we be sure
that you're gonna fight for the health
care of the people when you're taking
all that money from pharmaceutical
companies well I'm not taking any men
from oh right you're not taking any
money from pharmaceutical companies
correct okay but the other guys do how
do you know if they're working for you
other drug companies that are paying
them of course you don't it's just a
matter of getting the word out if we get
the word out all right now but but I
hear from the mainstream media well you
can't run on Medicare for all in the
middle of
exes in a red district that won't work
so but you just said it was your number
one priority so what are they getting on
we have too much focus on the why nots
and what we can't do because we're
buying into this mindset that we cannot
have Medicare for all
why not we can have it we just need
representatives in place that will make
it a priority and we'll vote for it you
have that in me you have that a lot of
the other the other justice Democrats
that are running other candidates that
are running in Texas they want Medicare
for all because we can't do it we have
lost vision as a country we've lost the
creativity that we can have these things
we were the country that went to the
moon and now we can't have Medicare for
everyone so war on drugs is another one
that people in Washington snicker about
oh my God we're gonna legalize pot how
many people are I mean I don't know that
if you know the number I don't know a
number off my head but how many people
are in prison because they had the
equivalent of a beer mm-hmm it's a lot
there is a lot and one of my the first
persons who asked me my position of
legalizing marijuana is seventy years
old and that's what he wanted to know if
I would be for him in the ban on
marijuana and I told him yes I would and
he told me you know you're gonna make a
lot of older people happy because he and
the group that he was with they sent him
as a representative to ask me the
question because they they are for
medical marijuana they are not for
taking all these prescription drugs and
they want it ended what surprised me
yeah look it doesn't surprise me if I'm
seventeen somebody's trying to say hey
you can't have a beer or you can't have
you can't smoke pot yeah that's your
opinion
okay I'm not interested in your opinion
I'm semi I'm gonna do whatever I want
okay I'm gonna do whatever I want on
48th anyway Liberty Bell that's the
nickname we gave you when you were the
first winner basically among the just
Democrats so go to Bell 2018 comm ring
the bell if you're not for the Liberty
Bell I don't know who you're for okay
you're not for yourself get involved
whatever you do volunteer small dollar
donations no corporate PAC money here so
she needs you to be Randy Weber if you
be Randy Weber I'm gonna do a dance on
there okay so everybody look forward to
me dancing on the night of the elections
in just a couple of weeks from now I
think you should start practicing so you
do know I don't even know the one okay I
got a lot of practicing ahead okay
adrián beltré joining us so much I
appreciate it thanks for watching this
free clip of The Young Turks don't
forget to become a TYT member today for
more exclusive content join now at TYT
calm /join
