so Donald Trump spent part of the
weekend sending mentally unstable tweets
about the Russian investigation calling
it a hoax flip-flopping at least for a
third time then he went on to Iran oh
boy this is where it gets really
dangerous so I'm gonna point out the
hypocrisy is here what the political
name could be but I but I don't want you
to lose focus the most important thing
here is that we not go to war with this
lunatic in office who's capable of doing
anything so let me explain how this all
got started
first of all president Hassan rouhani of
Iran said this over the weekend mr.
Trump don't play with the lion's tail
this would only lead to regret this is
an obvious reference to the United
States withdrawing from the deal that we
had with Iran it was a fantastic deal
for us it ended their uranium program at
their nuclear program which was for
energy we already do is give them their
money back that we had taken hostage and
convinced the rest of the world to take
hostage and we ended their nuclear
program but of course Donald Trump is
like Obama did it so I'm gonna just
destroy it and maybe Putin will get
tapes of us destroying it anyway so he's
gonna destroy it he did so that's why I
Ron's mad so then they he goes on to say
to rouhani does America should know that
peace with Iran is the mother of all
peace that's Pleasant
and he says and war with Iran is the
mother of all wars okay now should he
say that last part of course not is this
something that happens in foreign
diplomacy with far too much regularity
yes and it's so painfully stupid the
mother of this and the mother of that
and so Kim jong-un comes out and says
we're gonna destroy you and pulverize
you and etc and then Trump says my
button is bigger than yours now here we
go again with rouhani the only place
where this rule does not apply is Russia
Russia can say anything to us they could
do anything to us and Trump will not
yell back at them but this is not Russia
it's Iran so what this Trump do he sends
this maniacal tweet this is the
President of the United States
he said to the Iranian president rouhani
all caps now because he's a child
screaming into the abyss never ever
threaten the United States again or you
will suffer consequences the likes of
which few throughout history have ever
suffered before we are no longer a
country that will stand for your
demented words of violence and death be
cautious here we go again to the brink
it's exhausting man so who knows maybe
tomorrow just like he did it with Kim
jong-un he'll turn around be like
rouhani he's a great guy smart guy only
a certain one out of 10,000 mullahs
could do what he did right I don't know
it's Donald Trump he's unstable but on a
day that he's not feeling particularly
well he's gonna press the new it's a
real concern when he talks about death
and destruction like the world has never
seen that appears to be referring to
nukes or I would guess if you could do
it in a conventional way in butcher 80
million people in Iran and a
conventional way I guess Trump was
threatened that as well it's funny cuz
Iran had words they had half a sentence
from the president that Trump didn't
like Russia actually acted according to
all of our intelligence and Donald Trump
on Monday Wednesday and so and Fridays
they did interfere in our election they
did and they're actively engaged in
cyber warfare against us today according
to his own Director of National
Intelligence
nothing nothing against Russia Iran
doesn't do anything it says something
wrong and he's like I'm gonna destroy
we're gonna just a destruction gee I
wonder if there's a difference I can't
quite tell and yet still people on the
right and tiny percentage on the left or
like no I don't see it man I don't see
it I think he's treating Russia the same
as everybody else he's just worried
about the nukes he says oh the nuclear
is a big problem in Russia but now you
threaten nuclear war you did it with
North Korea you do you do it with Iran
this is the same president who said that
he wanted to increase the size of our
nuclear arsenal by tenfold well I
thought you were concerned about the
nukes
no no he's deeply belligerent with
everyone except Russia okay but more
importantly is is this a distraction and
if it's just a distraction with words
I'll take it I don't care
all right the guy's a lunatic I already
knew that he could scream into Twitter
as long as he likes and and I obviously
he's trying to get people to stop paying
attention to all the damaging evidence
that's coming out in the Russia
investigation now they have Michael
cones 12 tapes whether you're talking
about his mistresses etc he doesn't want
you to look at that he wants you to look
at Iran and distract you with that way
in Fox this is gonna help him if he
leaves it at that I don't care it's
typical politics but if he thinks the
next step is oh I'm in a lot of trouble
you know what would be a really helpful
distraction and what rallies the country
no matter what war and war in the Middle
East war with Muslims ah too easy too
easy
in fact he charged President Obama with
potentially doing that of course it was
projection now that he's president
that's what he actually does and so now
rouhani has to respond otherwise he
looks incredibly weak to his own voters
and supporters in in Iran voters such as
they are anyway so so instead of rouhani
they sent out Javad Zarif who often
gives out the statements for the Iranian
government and he says color us
unimpressed said the world had even
harsher bluster a few months ago and
Iranians have heard them albeit more
civilized ones for 40 years we've been
around for a millennia and seen the fall
of empires including our own which
lasted more than the life of some
countries be cautious okay great so in
order to distract you Donald Trump might
start a war some libertarians some on
the left think no no he's actually a
peaceful guy he wants peace with Russia
that's why he keeps giving them
everything they want and you know and
that's why he gave Kim Jong
and got nothing in return no he doesn't
want peace all he cares about is himself
II you think he would hesitate for a
second to start a disastrous war that
would kill hundreds of thousands maybe
millions of people to save his own
political ass if you think he would
pause for a second you don't know Donald
Trump at all he has no conscience does
not care about other human beings at all
the only question in his mind is does
this help Donald Trump or just did not
help Donald Trump by the way for those
of you that are concerned about
interference I'm concerned about
interference let's also be fair about
interference from other countries if you
didn't see this story this happened very
recently Benjamin Netanyahu came out and
bragged on tape that's the Prime
Minister of Israel we convinced the u.s.
President to exit the deal referring to
the Iran deal and I had to stand up
against the whole world and come out
against this agreement and we didn't
give up so if you're concerned about
Russian interference maybe you should
also be concerned about Israeli
interference but of course in the
mainstream media no no no no Israel
interfering in our elections is awesome
wonderful just like it should be Russia
interfering is terrible I on the other
hand I'm consistent I don't want either
one of those countries or any country
interfering with our elections with our
president with our policy and then
bragging about it rubbing people's at
face in it oh I took a great deal than
the US had and I smashed it because the
Americas work for me yay
I could say that out loud because the
media is not gonna pay any attention and
all the politicians basically support
Netanyahu and a lot of the Democrats
bragging and that oh no we wanted to
move the embassy before Donald Trump did
all right I'm just and it's a pertinent
to this story and I'm giving you all the
details now here comes Fox News they got
to do propaganda and beat the war drums
for Donald Trump so here's round one but
Iran as you know this is a country that
yells death to America so they're you
know we're we're we've been in a
conflict with them for a very long time
state sponsors of terror like Steve said
they're not having such a great
situation there at home right now and
let's remember a few key facts here if
we wanted to we could wipe out around
with the push of a button
militarily economically with regard to
everything that's going on there
sanctions could literally destroy the
regime that's in power right now and
when push comes to shove on the
international economic stage court who's
the international community gonna side
with a trading partner like the USS 330
million people or a whatever it is in
Iran that has about 80 million people
they're going to side with Iran
excuse me they're kind of side with the
u.s. Iran really doesn't have a leg to
stand on here and trying to threaten us
I've seen this movie before oh they'll
throw roses at our feet the Iraq war
will be really easy the original
estimate by the neo-cons
in a congressional hearing for how much
the Iraq war would cost was 1.7 billion
dollars and they said it might last a
couple of weeks it lasted over a decade
and cost two point four trillion dollars
at a minimum so now they're on Fox News
again Oh it'll be easy we win at the
press of a button it's 80 million people
in Iran it's four times larger than Iraq
if you thought Iraq war was an epic
disaster you are right and the war in
Iran would be far worse far worse it
would not be easy it would be
disastrously difficult and of course
these morons have no idea they blithely
talk about war like it's a game so more
of this round two from Fox News you seem
to be having a reaction while I read
that tweet what what is it oh I mean or
what what's the president going to do
it's really easy at midnight to put caps
lock on your computer or your iPhone in
tough words but what does that mean well
he's obviously a message we have been
over on people all across America Sinbad
cool why don't we still why don't we
stiffen our spine when it comes to this
but you know what Billy don't they don't
want their sons and daughters to go to
war if they're I'm not talking war well
what's the president talking about that
right now we're talking words because
that's all the Ayatollah and all the
Iranian president seems to be full of
these days and that
words and the president's response bill
hammers particularly loathsome so when
he worked at CNN he was
middle-of-the-road bill hemmer and the
Republicans say this Democrats say that
now he works for Fox News it's like
who's signing my paychecks
oh yeah what are we gonna stiffen our
spine against Iran they've been talking
stuff about us the whole time
okay by the way that was Marie harf that
he was responding to she's a former
Obama State Department spokeswoman so
that's why she was the only one making
sense and I don't remember Hemmer though
in his strike back we're talking you
about stiffening our spine I don't
remember him saying that about Russia
way-hey they really feared with our
elections
why don't we stiffen our spine it's
about time we did something with Russia
no no nothing rush I don't think deal no
big deal Iran said a couple of things
Iran said words they've been doing this
the whole time let's do our we're gonna
do anything about it oh they love war as
long again as long as it's not Russia
okay they're like we're gonna make money
the defense contracts the oil companies
sponsors we're all gonna make money
great
which disastrous war were millions of
innocent civilians died do we start next
stiffen our spine says he was fairly
selective and then he disingenuously say
I'm not talking about war you read the I
just read you the tweet the Trump says
they will suffer consequences like the
world has never seen
well while we do what play patty cakes
what is he referring to there obviously
is referring to war what else is that
well we will beat them in checkers like
you have never seen before no of course
he's talking about war and Fox is like
oh finally we're back to Belarus great I
got so tired of kissing Russian ass
people actually doing something to our
country Iran said words let's attack and
of course they have an unstable mentally
incompetent president so I guess Wars
more likely they must be thrilled
so the neo cons they didn't get what
they wanted in Russia and I'm glad about
that I want him to actually protect our
voting booths and our democracy I don't
want him to do that through war against
Russia
or anyone else I don't think the
military option is smart when it comes
to Russia or Iran
we are always consistent and logical
they on the other hand go right I'm
really gonna do anything Russian what's
the big deal Iran let's go to war they
sense a half a sentence I don't like
typical of the Conservatives and their
nonstop hypocrisy and war mongering
Young Turks too easy wasteful young
turks want us hit the subscribe button
down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
you
