all right my thesis is that Donald Trump
has lost his mind and we're going around
like the Emperor still has clothes on
it's just too awkward and too
uncomfortable for us they acknowledge
that the president is a lunatic
so now hold on hold on I'm going to show
to you okay so now there's one thing we
thought we concluded last we get the end
of this crazy roller coaster ride Donald
Trump goes and meets with Vladimir Putin
in Helsinki he does a mess of a press
conference where he says it's the US
government's fault not Russia's fault
and then he specifically asked what was
Russia meddling in the election he said
I don't see any reason why it wouldn't
be rushed
why it would be Russia right and people
like what you don't see any reason why
it would be Russia all of our
intelligence agencies are saying it's
Russia every single room almost every
single Republican as well as Democratic
is saying it's Russia there's no one in
our intelligence community or Nara or in
politics or in government that says that
it wasn't Russia that was at least
mentally in our election now hold on
there's two parts of this that are
really important to the investigation
one is did Russia do something to is did
Trump collude with them now it is
perfectly possible to say that Trump did
not collude with them but that Russia
was trying to meddle in the election
anyway and in fact right now the
prosecutors and the intelligence
agencies have not said that Trump has
colluded with the Russians so the
special counsel is looking into that so
that's a separate matter it's obviously
connected to the overall investigation
but no one including Donald Trump is
saying that they that Russia did not
meddle why do I say that because after
the press conference he came out and
said oh my bad my bad I misspoke I
didn't mean I don't see any reason why
it would be Russia he said I don't see
any reason why it wouldn't be Russia so
he read that off of a sheet that was
given him and he couldn't help himself
in it too and he said oh it could be
anybody else too right but he clearly
said I don't see why it wouldn't be
Russia it's Russia that meddled in the
election now later he was asked in the
week hey do you think Russia is still
actively interfering with
us right now and he said no wait a
minute that seems like a another
contradiction but that's okay Sarah how
could be Sanders came out and said no no
means yes he didn't mean no I that was
apparently an answer to another question
even though he didn't get another
question you got that question anyway
but they switched it they're like no he
meant yes Russia is what in interfered
in 2016 election they're interfering
right now so clear as day
so then Donald Trump tweets today so
President Obama knew about Russia before
the election why didn't he do something
about it why didn't he tell our campaign
because it's all a big hoax that's why
and he thought crooked Hillary was going
to win now that's the third gigantic
flip-flop so now Russia did not and if
you're in the election the whole thing
was a hoax
not just the collusion like we shouldn't
have had any investigation even though
26 Russians have already been indicted
and we have one in custody let alone the
Americans that were indicted and some
who have already pled guilty and said
yes I did it I'm guilty and now he says
after all this no it's all a big hoax
all of it all of it's a big hoax you
know why he says that two reasons one
because he obviously did it and he's
guilty he's trying to cover it up and as
I told you from day one he's a bungler
he's a serial bungler and there's no way
that he's smart enough to be able to
cover it up so he does it in a
ham-handed way like uh okay maybe they
rush maybe I do Russia did meddle no
they didn't know dodging it's a big hoax
right you look like a jackass so that's
not a good cover-up that's because he's
incredibly stupid but the second part of
it we keep going around as if the
emperor has closed on guys lost his mind
he flip-flops non-stop non-stop okay but
no no no I didn't mean no I meant yes so
you're Russia definitely met a little or
no they didn't it's a big ho stated the
guy's a lunatic he's obviously mentally
unstable speaking which mean remember
when he tweeted out famously I'm a very
stable genius
what kind of a lunatic screams that into
the ether imagine if you're just sitting
in a bar somewhere some guy comes up to
you and goes hey did you know I'm a very
stable genius what would you do you'd
get out right away because you think
this guy's gonna shoot people this guy's
a total lunatic he in that series of
tweets he also said there are two things
that I'm known for in my life that I'm
really good at one is being like a smart
person and other one is that I am
mentally stable who brags about the
lowest bar in American history being
mentally stable again if a guy comes up
to you at our bar or if you're a guy a
hot girl comes up to you at a bar and
you're like oh this is interesting
you're single everything is great and
she comes up and she says I'm known for
two things one is being like a smart
person and the other is that I am really
mentally stable what do you do you get
up you leave because she's lost her mind
you don't want any part of that forget
it
thank you no thanks not interested
that's our president that's our
president I'm known for being mentally
stable oh my god the emperor has no
clothes the emperor has no clothes our
president is a full-blown lunatic okay
last thing pull out today 88% of
Republicans that approve of Donald Trump
it's not just Donald Trump a whole party
in this country has lost its mind
