you're about to watch what we call an
extended clip or The Young Turks and the
realities is somewhere in the middle
it's a little longer than our YouTube
clips but it's actually shorter than the
whole two-hour show which you can get if
you're a member you can get an ad-free
and make sure you catch every news story
we do that day you're gonna love it as a
full show
that's a TYT Network comm slash joy
drop it
young turks power power power panel ben
mankiewicz Genki virtue Sandberg and
Johnny Ola not only that everybody
welcome first of all how you guys do it
all right Joe you know in a couple
different roles here at the Young Turks
founder of aspiration calm which you
should check out but he's in the role
here as one of the biggest progressive
activists in California helped to
increase the Earned Income Tax Credit
which if you don't know you should read
up about it and if you do prominent
probably running to Joe's work and so
but we have more power power power later
in this two-hour show we have special
surprise guests we're everting it we're
gonna try to make it work there's some
technical stuff we got to do ok but we
are later in the show hoping to say
surprise okay so hang around for that
that should be excellent and fun and
scale of one to ten how big is this
surprise guest three yeah hey Zeus is
gonna come in the studio like surprise
the technical stuff is fixing his lower
half yeah yes that could be
misinterpreted by the hall right okay
which might be a story later in the
program all right so why lots of wild
and wooly stuff including the first
story which Jon's gonna get to in a
second which has twists and turns lots
of twists and turns in today's show so
without further ado let's get started
John okay let's do it Michael Cohen is
the former longtime personal lawyer to
Donald Trump and apparently he didn't
just do law he also did secret
recordings including in the months
leading up to the 2016 election in which
he recorded a conversation with Donald
Trump about payments they plan to make
to a former Playboy model who alleges
she had an affair with Donald Trump and
they wanted to pay her off so that she
would not talk about it in the run-up to
the election the former model Karen
McDougal says she began a nearly
year-long affair with Trump in 2006
shortly after Trump's wife Melania gave
birth to their son Barron miss mcdougal
sold her story eventually for one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars to
the National Inquirer
was supportive of Trump during the final
months of the presidential campaign but
the tabloids sat on the story which kept
it from becoming public I guess you just
they couldn't fit it there's just too
much other news so they never ended up
actually covering the story which is too
bad it happens here sometimes too so the
boy was trapped in a refrigerator ate
his own foot and that story needed to be
covered yeah
Heim Lee okay aliens have Berlin just
that week and the week after and the
week after there's a definitive proof
that they buried it a little bit later
in this story exactly now we got accent
what we didn't get access but access was
granted to these these recordings when
the FBI raided Michael Cohen's office
earlier this year the lawyers in favor
of or the ones defending Michael Cohen
apparently shared it with Donald Trump's
lawyers obviously they did not he'll cop
to the presence of these until it was
eventually released earlier today but
they have had access to it
we have been alerted to the fact that
there are probably other tapes as well
now that doesn't mean that Donald Trump
is willing to admit that anything bad
happened his other lawyers the
replacements for Michael Cohen have come
forward to talk about it Rudy Giuliani
who is still technically his lawyer and
not just the guy who goes on TV to get
him in trouble every day confirmed in a
telephone conversation on Friday that
Trump had discussed payments to mrs.
MacDougal with Cohen in person on the
recording he said it was less than two
minutes long said Trump did not know he
was being recorded and claimed that the
president had done nothing wrong and
Rudy Giuliani specifically said nothing
in that conversation suggests he had any
knowledge of it in advance
he said the tapes were school Puteri in
fact yeah exactly I loved I loved the
idea he didn't know about it in advance
and the conversation was less than two
minutes long which means that they can
really wrap these things up fast like
you alert me to the possibility this
woman is lying about an affair and I
authorized a gigantic payment like that
right no big deal it's like it's a great
point John it's a fact because it's like
when in every movie every movie that
doesn't work narrative Lee where the
cops get on the plane to fly from New
York to Vegas to pick up the key suspect
in the murder they land we see them get
on the plane then later we see them
landing getting off the plane and one
cop says to the other so where do you
think he is
and you're like what did you people talk
about for five hours on the plane
so yeah let's break this down first off
don't believe anything Rudy Guiliani
says he says
exculpatory no it's not why do you think
they're trying to get ahead of the story
it's explosive
that's why technically he didn't say he
knew about it ahead of time now it might
be that what Cowan says on the tapes and
we obviously don't have a content of the
tapes here but we have a lot of stories
about people who did listen to them and
then I give these stories so it's
possible that in the tapes Cowan calls
Trump and says the payment by the owners
of the National Enquirer has been made
right so and Trump goes good okay and it
gets wrapped up in two minutes
now Giuliani goes see he told him about
it afterwards
- John and Ben's point if you heard
somebody called you randomly and said
hey this woman you've never heard of
that you might or might not have had an
affair with somebody else paid a hundred
and fifty thousand dollars to shut her
up would you be like oh okay that's
interesting I'll see you later
hey no that means that's a thing you
normally do good I'm glad it was taken
care of right this is so obvious and I'm
done trying to convince Trump people
that you know like oh no yeah that's
totally normal
yeah if somebody called me out in case
you say $150,000 for an affair I might
or might not have had I can wrap that up
in two minutes right okay all right fine
you're a lunatic I don't care to discuss
that with you okay for everybody else
it's super obvious what happened okay
but there's two other parts of this that
are monumentally important one Giuliani
admitting it takes away the possibility
of one other defense Trump could have
done in court which is attorney-client
privilege so it is either a failing of
his which is the first analysis that a
lot of people did or he's actually
trying to hide the other story so let me
do the first one okay so a lot of people
as soon as Julie and I said that a lot
of lawyers and former prosecutors came
out and said why no God's green earth
would your own lawyer do that that takes
away your ability
in case you could of saying
attorney-client privilege you want to
reserve all your your rights before
going into court as negative aggressive
Tallis you hold your powder actually
sure right and so and and one theory was
Cohen actually tricked them that the
courts had not already passed it on to
the prosecutors and that it was
privileged and Cohen leaked it thereby
getting Giuliani and Trump to believe
that the prosecutors had it and so then
Julian is like oh yeah I was there was
photos there's nothing wrong with that
call and it's like boom got you so if
that's the case that's interesting and
well played by Michael Cohen who had to
be advised by someone oh he's being
advised by being advised by Lanny Davis
yes by the way that's in a quick aside
another thing of like has Michael Cohen
flipped on Donald Trump that's over
Lanny Davis is the most Pro Hillary
lawyer and maybe person in a country he
he's been with the Clintons his whole
life you do not hire Lanny Davis if you
haven't flipped on Donald Trump it's not
a question anyone who thinks it's a
question does hasn't followed politics
in the last couple of decades in America
Lanny Davis is in essence not only a
lawyer but a Democratic operative he I
mean a democratic operative loathes in
many ways even by establishment
mainstream Democrats he's such a
conservative Democrat yeah
but in the Clinton camp clearly in the
Clinton camp okay
I'm keeping a really you could hold out
against them but that's overwhelming
evidence that Cohen is not with
trumpeting Davis said that this is the
new Michael Cohen yeah that's over it's
over he flipped that in essence right so
okay now the explosive part all that is
fun
that was actually an appetizer so I had
this theory when I read it I was like
now there's something wrong with this
story you don't get out ahead of a story
like this unless you're trying to cover
up something else and then Ron Blitzer
wrote about it as well on and I think a
look yeah on law in crime and I was like
okay good I'm not the only one and so it
doesn't mean we're right but they talked
about the tapes everybody acknowledges
the tapes okay there's a tape of him
talking about
McDougal the playboy my thing I know
your there is another Playboy model
cerebral shard
who they claim had an affair with Brody
the Republican financier of Donald Trump
and had an abortion and they paid her
not $150,000 one point six million
dollars that's a whole nother level like
perhaps if you had an abortion she did
have an abortion they came out and just
like in this story Brody raised his hand
immediately was it was me it was me and
uh and you caught me no we didn't catch
you why did you raise your hand that was
really weird
right and it was not for that worsen it
definitely wasn't well I didn't maybe
she did maybe she didn't show us she did
but that but that 1.6 million was not
for the bush so there has been an
ongoing through theory written by the
New York Magazine and many others that
Brosius fronting for Trump
yes that Bashar did not have the affair
with Brody she had it with Trump and and
in fact it was a way of paying for
Trump's abortion and if he did that did
he receive anything for that and if he
did that is a massive crime okay and but
we know that the in the contracts the
defense contracts that his company got
went from huge like I don't have the
numbers in front of me but on this scale
$80 in contracts to six hundred and
twenty seven million dollars in
contracts that he's gotten since Donald
Trump came yes so he that's a long story
and I've talked about on the show before
he gets contracts for the United Arab
Emirates for over six hundred million
dollars
Donald Trump does favors for the United
Arab Emirates and as opposed to Qatar
which is what they wanted huge bitch in
American policy without explanation yes
and then finally that's why when Juliana
comes down goes we did that one oh did I
say that out loud mcdougal though
remember everybody mcdougal not for sure
and also uh the the sources saying that
they and in regard to there's other
tapes that the other tapes are with
Cohen and people of significance and
consequence that was the quote
significance and counsel you mean if you
see more earlier about nothing can
divorce Trump supporters from Trump and
in a sense this is just going to make
them feel more enthusiastic
because there's a religious component to
it and I'm not talking about the
missionary position the religious
component is this idea held by Trump
supporters that God works through the
most unlikely characters right so the
worse
Trump is the more immoral he is to this
group of supporters the more it affirms
the magic of God's power working through
this incredibly unlikely character how
do you reason with people who don't use
a reason so because if you said that
okay well then Clinton's immorality
which you said was the worst thing in
the world should be God working in
mysterious worries and showing his magic
no that's immoral Trump doing something
way worse God's magic well Obama they
said was literally the Antichrist
wouldn't that be the ultimate wait for
God to work through the Antichrist for
Trump the stage for Bernie Sanders what
first like two little wrinkles just in
terms of what they've claimed before the
campaign was reached out to by The Wall
Street Journal uh right before the
election back in 2016 and asked about
those payments because The Wall Street
Journal had found out that something had
happened hole pick said we have no
knowledge of any of this and said that
Miss MacDougall's claim of an affair was
totally untrue well we don't have proof
of the affair just yet
but they clearly did know about it and
so they have been lying about that that
was ongoing for a couple of years at
this point and I just think this is
funny in reaction to the story today a
president apparently the president said
I can't believe Michael would do this to
me
yeah like with me technically that's
what weird way to say that but so my
question though is there there are ways
that theoretically this that crimes
could have been committed so there's the
legal and the ethical aspects which are
sort of separate this is explosive but
how likely is this in either of those
two areas to actually matter more than a
week into the future so to Joe's earlier
point people are just set in their ways
we're done with it right so the Republic
80% of Republicans will not move no
matter what and and even if it turns out
the Bechard story is true if Wright and
Trump paid for an abortion but God works
in mysterious ways and of course the guy
who is the most immoral person
planet according to our own ideology is
the one that he would choose to be our
leader right but this but they'll
believe it don't believe it
so but in and progressives already hate
Trump but hold on just real quick just
10 seconds but the the second component
to that story if that story is true that
then broidy
is how he says yes that then he was
given favors and defense contracts for
stepping up and taking that payment and
he's been the middleman in these deals
before that's a that's a crime that
everyone understands that will make it
that one would make it tricky for Lanny
day for not for lady Davis for Lindsey
Graham yeah and then so but that's a
great point by been look the Republican
voters will not move I look I give you
an example we talked about on the show
before Scott Desjarlais he's in
Tennessee
these are lay is a congressman turns out
he paid for three abortions not one not
two three two with his wife I believe in
one with his mistress or two with his
mistress one with his wife it's hard to
keep up with all the abortions that he
has paid for and the voters like God
works in mysterious ways
who cares we don't care about abortion
we just lying we're just kidding I just
hate immigrants I don't care I don't
care
so will they care about Donald Trump's
abortion no the voters will not care at
all they never cared it was always a lie
right
the politicians well okay maybe they
have to make some uncork uncomfortable
sentences like I'm very opposed to
abortion but love Donald Trump they
could walk that tight line they've been
doing it for two years then but okay
here it is
here's a 1.6 million dollar payoff if
okay one poisonings million dollar
payoff are the Republicans gonna go yeah
I don't care I don't care it's obviously
illegal disguise an obvious criminal and
but I'll lose my primary I vote with
that tell you one thing I don't know
that turns out to be true Jeff Flake is
gonna take to Twitter he's going to be
pretty angry
yeah I yeah I think they'll be perfectly
fine with that I mean they got past
Monday well that's a real sign stop the
saying that there's there we are
entering into an area where the
potential no more than a potential where
there are serious unambiguous crimes
right I mean a big part as you know Jake
your lawyer like a lot of you know you
kill somebody that's a crime right but a
lot of these crimes are no that's not a
crime I intent was this and then you
argue it and that's why we have a that's
why there's no we may in and enter into
unambiguous territory and that will put
a different kind of pressure on on
Republicans and as always as we get
closer to Election Day you know though
when they if they feel like there's an
advantage to separate themselves from
him then they will separate himself and
by the way don't get me wrong I think
they will I think that Trump is a
disaster but also from a management
perspective and I would be really
surprised if the markets didn't tumble
at some point because of the tariffs or
the just the overinflated stock market
because of the insane tax cuts etc and
the minute the markets suffer the donors
will flip which will make the Republican
politicians flip but that's your only
hope not like they develop a conscious
or that the Republican voters care and
it's a hope that would be absolutely
devastating yeah but there is some
percentage of that 80% make up a number
that's persuadable give me a number
three okay but we'll take six okay six
percent EO and there isn't there's a
whole giant swath of Democratic
operatives who will run an entire
campaign on the off chance that they can
get that four and a half or so of just
being like you know there's 60% of the
other people let's just get them yeah
yeah instead of running on corruption
which is another story in the news today
it turns out we were right about that
all along number one campaign issue I
can tell you that for seven straight
years anyway and number two is I love
this phrasing that are across here
Cortes used economic dignity you run on
that you'll crush these guys so Trump is
a monster of a different sort and there
are legal proceedings and
and investigators let them do their job
okay that's it to me that's a separate
issue okay well but when you're running
a campaign run to actually help
Americans when we take our first break
when we come back I think it's time for
a reappearance of the TYT Supreme Court
ooh
era Singh okay Supreme Court on its way
all right back Terk so we did not plant
this I want you to know this it's Shelby
tweets jenk I have a checking account
and two investment accounts with
aspiration it's been great that is not
the point but thank you though
all right now let's go to YouTube super
Chad Brendon Wynkoop says national
prison strike 2018 prisoners have called
for a nationwide strike and protests
from August 21st the September 9th of
2018 is going to be lit hashtag prison
strike I wouldn't shouldn't be literally
lit though but having said that look the
way we treat our prisoners in this
country is barbaric and unconstitutional
solitary confinement for as long as we
use it is insane and it's definitely
cruel and unusual punishment yeah I
talked to a woman on rebel headquarters
that Gandhi yell got arrested for you no
reason she's still disputing etc and and
they just throw people in solitary
confinement left and right for three
weeks at a time which used to be that's
an absolute torture they don't even
think twice about it oh you looked at me
kind of weird three weeks of solitary
confinement where you can go ahead and
lose your mind when when those kids got
caught in that cave part of the reason
some people focus on it was that they
were mostly alone for a while we didn't
throw people in yeah I'm totally off
that's right they were and they had each
other in with solitary obviously have no
one okay last one
Robert Eric's and first of all sends in
a hundred Swedish kronor so we're back
we're back to the Kroners thank you
Robert he says as a sweet it's
interesting to note that Ben is more
upset about the lack of presence of
Meryl Streep in the Abba musical Mamma
Mia here we go yet then about Trump
paying former Playboy models I thought
she wasn't that it's a I can't say I
don't want to spoil it for people
there's a point in the movie I don't
know that he has gauged my sentiments
correctly okay uh was there what the
flick and review or something we
reviewed it and a lot of people like
this movie and she's Meryl Streep and
it's the sequel and she's in the thing
and it's just the top of the cast and
everybody check out all those what the
flick reviews online I'm thinking about
seeing eighth grade or the feel good
that I'm gonna check the review out
first all right John what's next okay
let's have a little fun most people seem
to agree that the Trump Putin summit did
not go particularly well politically for
Donald Trump and in a lot of ways the
days since then have been worse with him
reversing on what he had said at the
summit and then undercutting it and then
going back and forth and back and forth
and then offering to hand over some of
our ex diplomats to Russia and then
deciding is not gonna do that and then
saying well maybe we'll have Putin here
and then god only knows where we're at
with that it's been sort of a mess and
it was perhaps capped off earlier this
morning when we found out that tapes of
him discussing Neil payments to this
Playboy model who claims that she had an
affair with him have actually been
released that the FBI has it so it has
been a rough rough week but I won't ask
a specific question with the return of
the tig Supreme Court drop it yeah
there's no way
certain that he did actually have it
ready in time he just wanted me to look
awkward anyway so the question for the
Supreme Court is has this been the worst
week politically for Donald Trump
in his presidency good one now I want to
I want to lay out a little bit more
information so I gave you some of the
reasons why many people are saying that
this has perhaps hurt him in a way that
most other weeks haven't no matter how
bad the news has been obviously he's
done terrible things but his base
generally doesn't care a lot of people
have tuned out but I want to read just a
couple of numbers that could play into
your reaction to this so in terms of the
summit performance 55% of the people
surveyed recently were unhappy with his
performance while 32% approved so you
might say overall I mean that's not good
you certainly don't want that coming out
of a big international event that he had
been hyping however 68 percent of
Republicans did approve of it with only
21 percent saying that they disapproved
and this is this isn't really
specifically attached to it but in terms
of the willingness of some people to
never ever shift on a position this is
one of the most amazing stats that I've
seen recently 31 percent of Republicans
strongly disagree that Russia got
involved in the 2016 election on behalf
of Trump with another 19 percent
somewhat disagree one-third of
Republicans after all of this in a
recent poll still say nope it didn't
happen to 2% of Democrats felt the same
way you know we saw this that the run-up
to the Iraq war and Rob Ryder's movie
shock and awe touches on a little bit
but you know we talked up and I don't
know how'd the dates off the top of my
head but I mean it might still be that
40% of Americans believe that Saddam
Hussein had something to do with 9/11 I
mean the the power of sort of a
endlessly
wellwe've piece of propaganda a lie can
be very effective also it made sense
that that why else would we be going
into Iraq if he didn't have something to
do with 9/11 so we're you know look that
we we we've said this before and it were
not that bright overall we're not we're
easily swayed uh by hard propaganda and
by
Soph propaganda and that's because it
works it's worked overtime it's worked
it works that it's effective yes two
things about that in terms of the the
numbers only 31% of Republicans are sure
that it there was the Russian did not
interfere I'm surprised that numbers
that low right now that mind you
everyone another 19 percent say they're
somewhat sure yeah about about fifty
percent so about half right even that is
low so like don't get me wrong
every Republican politician in the
country - Trump says yes the Russians
definite interviewed every intelligence
official says it's a four Rohrabacher
okay and you know you're right there's
like three or four left congressmen who
are still left going no no
Russia no Russia's great I don't know
what you're talking about Russia is the
best friend we have they would never do
that to us besides Putin said so right
an even Trump has admitted after saying
a thousand times they had nothing to do
with it yeah they did and I've always
said that they meddled right he even put
out a videotape of a couple of times
where he said it so how could it be that
nearly half of Republicans because Ben's
right propaganda works because Trump
says they did it three times says they
didn't do it a thousand times and we're
in our camps and we just it's amazing
how well Lies work you just have that
one camps leader repeat the lie of
thousand times but it's an uneven
playing field because one side lies and
lies on purpose the other side doesn't
even make its own case let alone lying
yeah and for those who think that those
of that we and other people on this
panel have been hoodwinked by propaganda
by anti-russia propaganda and trumped
arrangement syndrome you know for the
Iraq war lies those lies and the lies to
the extent that many in the intelligence
community were behind it many in the
intelligence community we now were
screaming no no no and they were
overruled by their bosses one there no
leaks here right there's nobody inside
there's no F CIA agent goes no they're
not lying you know they're not telling
the truth John Brennan is lying on this
light on the other thing right you know
and it serves the people in packets
that lie served the people in power in
the Bush administration right that piece
of propaganda this lie is literally
challenging the people in power that is
enough reason all by itself to
understand that we're that they're on
Russia this is not a piece of propaganda
so really really fat so I definitely
think this conversation is interesting
by M also in terms of the Supreme Court
well first yes certainly can this week
been worse politically judge Sandberg
rules as follows
please Justice Sandberg Justice Center
no mere didn't go to law school it was
not president Trump's worst week
politically his worst week politically
was around health care this might have
been his worst week legally ultimately
because it could be public evidence of
treason but for better force what voters
respond to and I think that's what
informs the question of whether it's the
worst week politically is this question
of whether President Trump is on your
side and I think that his presidency the
moment when it was clearest that
President Trump is absolutely not on any
one side but big business and
pharmaceutical companies was during the
healthcare situation yes so I'll give a
mic you'd answer first and then kind of
my real answer
the cutesy answer is his worst week was
the week that he passed the tax cuts and
like that's what they think was his best
week that's conventional wisdom but the
reality is catching up with them in
terms of the voters it's now down to
only 1/3 popularity because the people
so where is it where's the guy I thought
it was gonna come to me standing there
beginning to realize no it just went to
the rich just like we told you and
they're starting to get more and more
angry but worse than that is that it has
created a bubble in the stock market
period no question about it
and bubbles burst and when he burst
that's when Trump gets kicked out by his
fellow Republicans now having said that
and that is substantively probably the
correct answer but in terms of
Republicans beginning to turn the
Maelstrom and it has been one Maelstrom
after another after another but the
tariffs
last week and it was already like the
Republicans none of the don't Republican
donors agree with Trump on on the
tariffs so they all the Republicans who
would always be like yes sir absolutely
sir on Donald Trump the one set of
people they care about more than Trump
is their donors so when the donors were
like telma shut up about the tariffs all
of a sudden even Orrin Hatch and
everybody was like screw Trump he does
know what he's talking about right and
then this week this thing lines like a
bombshell when he goes in kisses Putin's
ass and the Lindsey Graham's of the
world are like no every Republican that
actually has like just 1% of a conscious
about what have we been saying our whole
lives our whole lives I cannot turn
around in one week and now tell you that
a lot of our Putin's a really good guy
in a saint and he's got America's best
interests and we should believe him
above our own intelligence community no
no I can so that's two strikes in a row
and then these tapes are coming out and
these tapes are going to be disastrous
so and in a sense every week is the
worst like getting worse and worse and
worse so in then okay fine I'll vote
this week interesting are you done is
there any time left for justice bang you
know you read that poll and I'm never
wearing my contact lenses again by the
way the your poll was 32 percent
approved 55 percent disapproved that
sounds are another poll had it 40 and 56
but a HuffPost YouGov survey had at 40%
of proving in 36 disapproving if there
was a if the question were worded in a
way to allow for more people to say yeah
I don't really know I wasn't following
the news then Trump does batters and of
course he his people are gonna hang
their hat on that poll right I get that
later so that said I think it was his
worst week because of the last point
that Jack made sort of this was the
first time even though Lindsey Graham
the next day when Trump apologized like
take the president his word that he
misspoke a lot of people talk that way
it's kind of language people use all the
time they say would when they meant
would not know I was using triple triple
quadruple quintuple
couple negatives that's a regular way of
speaking it's not a big deal
and so but the there was a fissure in
Republicans and the fact that only 68%
are buying a you know 68 percent of
Republicans approved of his handling of
the summit that's not a good number for
him he likes those numbers in the
eighties so I will say politically it's
his worst week it wasn't his worst week
as a person it was like his best weeks
as a person politically it had yeah I
think III agree with you every week it's
just so terrible like we do we do on the
damage of work at the end of each week
we look back and just say what's all the
crazy stuff that happened and even that
like it's too much you can't remember it
even if you tried to I remember he had
people around him that supposedly were
raining in his worst instincts and
stopping him from being really crazy and
then those people steadily left it we
said at the time like what if like he
actually goes insane I think this week
might have been a demonstration of that
let me ask you guys one quick question
so with my closest friend I don't want
to mention his name Dan Hamilton right
and so and he may and I made a bet at
the beginning of the Trump presidency
$20 per person like per people he names
as his closest advisors in his cabinet
he said there will be as many standard
awful but establishment Republicans who
will turn him back to a course that
doesn't go off the tracks and I said no
he's gonna surround himself with
incompetence and crazies and what how
much money just roundly do you think I
am owed at this point $480 that's it I
mean it's overwhelmingly like he gets
general mattis yeah so look III wonder
does he recover from this I don't know I
mean look at the Republican opposition
to him was somewhat vocal like I don't
think we've really reached this much
vocal opposition since The Hollywood
Reporter tapes but how much action has
there actually been I mean they made a
block so Hollywood Reporter tapes come
out when people hear them that will sink
him that will totally but but I do
wonder if he'll be able to sort of get
it back together and
he looked pretty ridiculous but that
said I want to say that politically in
the short term I mean the the Democratic
congressional advantage had been really
big and then it started to dip a few
months ago that's right and it did go
back up and when it went back up was
when the family separation policy was
unveiled that in terms of political
weakness going into the midterms was a
huge turning point I'm not sure that's
right
I'm not sure I agree with you there now
I'm not sure that we could chart that
dip to that turnaround that outrage dust
it should outrage all outrage all people
with a sign of progress that's the
country like 100 yes but also a message
to his voters I mean that was deliberate
that was a man immigration get motivated
this is this is our stand this is our
line in the ground so I think that they
liked that and I just don't know I'd
love to see proof that that's when it
the country apparently was the inset
policy that's still scary but but that
said III do think that this was this was
pretty chaotic I think that it might
have slightly emboldened some of his
critics to think we can criticize them
and as long as we don't have a primer
right now it won't actually sink our
careers and also I kind of want to be a
little bit hopeful and assume that we're
on the upswing so play I think that
politically this has been very damaging
him and I would say that at this point
is probably worse politically for a
minute of his presidency let me get one
point in in support of my dissenting
opinion that's a strong dissent from
justice Sandberg then I posed to the
panel if you had one issue one only
issue to run against Trump in the
midterms would it be what happened this
week with Russia because that's of
course not so if that's not the one
issue you'd pick and doesn't that week
in the case that it was his worst
political week no it's a great great
point but I'm but I'm gonna say no and
I'll tell you why although John almost
got me to vote against them and it
changed my vote because nobody seriously
cuz you made a good point to John about
the child separation which was really
damaging right there that my tea that's
certainly up there for his one of his
worst weeks but but Joe the reason why I
disagree is not because you're not right
about what do you run on you run on
policy you're a hundred percent right on
that and so then they were not gonna run
on this but the the way to undermine
Trump is not to keep calling him a
monster
we all or the whole country knows it ace
what what Democrats are missing because
they live in their own bubble is some
people don't mind they want a monster
right
so they keeps reinforcing a thing that's
a positive for them like no you don't
understand he really hates immigrants
they're like yeah yes so do i right
right so right but for the first time
and this will put me over the top and
he's gonna say something that I am 100%
agree with I know you're gonna say
fascinating let's see if it's true okay
for the first time he started to seem
weak was that it
he looked stupid he looked he looked bad
he looked he was a goofball he was an
undeniable goofball even to people who
instinctively sorta like he was and he
was standing next to a guy who actually
is strong that's right I don't like his
strength
I think it's monstrous but he is strong
and Chuck's supposed to Putin even if
they deny it that seve got planted in
Republican and independent heads maybe
he's not strong maybe he's a weakling
you know and all you need to do is you
know once the he has a real alpha male
in the room or whatever he cowers maybe
he's a joke rabies a joke exactly that's
why I did a hundred loser Donald
segments before the election because
that's how you have to attack him not
hey he's a bad guy we already know that
wrong strategy if you can miss him the
Donald Trump is weak he's done for he's
got nothing left that's why this was the
worst week that's 31 all right where our
way of a ruling but they were strong
nonetheless Joe all right we gotta take
a quick break we still have the big
surprise coming up for you guys in
today's show and and then liberals doing
wrong things in my opinion so we'll
debate that as well when we come back
thanks for listening to this podcast
you're only halfway through so hold hold
stay right here I just want to remind
you if you want to get all five segments
of the Young Turks commercial free these
are just two of them every day we do it
so go to TYT Network comm slash join and
you get the whole five segments two
hours ad free do it now
alright back on The Young Turks real
quick here to two comments one is from
Twitter eclectic miscellaneous says I
think the correct answer to which week
has been the worst week for Donald
Trump's presidency is yes that's funny
Victor Tentacruel
writes in on YouTube super chat and I
swear to god we're not planting these
love the show love my aspiration account
thank ya and this is a double whammy
can't were your true north on T YT site
or or on YouTube since go 90 is now
shutting down that was the awesome so
look look just still you can find it
true north out there go and watch it
etc in all the places that it is coming
including the obviously of writers go
ninety and and they were a wonderful
partner to us we'll work on the rest
later
but don't like that's later later later
okay so just go find it now it's a
wonderful series the orange thing is -
yeah that's what I'm getting - yeah so
look there's streamys nominations going
on right now and you guys can nominate
and if that makes a huge difference then
there's a lot more of you and and if you
guys do that it might be up for a
Streamy which would be super cool so
well you've got a bunch of things that
are up for streamys you can go to
streamys dot org slash fans to vote but
what you do is you type in the name of
the show and then you select the
category so let me quickly tell you what
they are
Young Turks for news and there's the TYT
comm links to it too if you want to do
it that way instead of the bottom one
which is streamys org slash fans but you
type in Young Turks and then you select
the news category you type in true north
that's John's excellent series about the
North Pole and you choose the
documentary category you type in the
breakdown and you choose pop-culture
category and then murder with friends
and choose non-fiction series if we get
nominated for all four of these it would
be amazing and then we have an excellent
chance of winning again thanks to you
guys so let's go make that happen thank
you guys all right next time okay let's
do it yesterday we thought we were on
the brink of a showdown between two
different groups outside of
congresswoman Maxine Waters office now
what we expected were that
the right-wing oathkeepers organization
was going to be there attempting to
intimidate the congresswoman bringing
guns and all of that and it was likely
that counter protesters would come out
to protest against them and we know how
that has gone and number different
instances in the u.s. a little bit
worrisome did actually happen though but
the protests which was announced earlier
this week was this is their language by
the way those keepers it was against
Maxine Waters
incitement of terrorism lies and a stand
for ice and the Border Patrol as they
enforce the perfectly constitutional
Immigration and Naturalization laws of
this nation which Trump is ignoring a
number of cases that's what they put on
their website by the way that's the SPLC
authorities have been in contact with
the group apparently though and it was
decided that they would not come in
order to ensure peace that said just in
case it still happened counter
protesters did still show up they
gathered by the dozens and remained long
after the oathkeepers that apparently
bailed on their original promise to
appear at the office now at one point
someone did take a flag off of a pickup
truck doused it in oil and set it on
fire chanting America was never a great
so that part of it is unfortunate of
course but at least the the potential
fight between these two groups did not
happen and Maxine Waters herself had
been worried that that was a possible
outcome she had warned people not to
counter protests actually she said that
oathkeepers would like nothing more than
to inflame racial tensions and create an
explosive conflict in our community can
I say three things real quick first of
all hashtag abolish ice second thing is
hashtag abolish ice and the third thing
I'd like to say is hashtag abolish ice
at least that does not lack clarity okay
so I have a number of different opinions
on this so first of all both Keepers are
disastrous they carry weapons around
with them and come in camouflage and so
when they start saying Maxine Waters is
enabling terrorism and I'm gonna come
with my weapon that's a recipe for
disaster so thank God they didn't show
up and I agree with Maxine Waters that I
would not want counter protesters there
so
as it turns out oathkeepers is show up
anyway but thank God for that because if
they had with clearly some of the
counter protesters had you know were in
a frenzied state okay in my opinion if
they had met the oath keepers in a
frenzied state and one side has gasoline
with them and the other side has weapons
with them it's only a matter of time
before something like this explodes so
don't do it don't do it and if some
lunatic right-wingers are going whether
they're got guns are good don't go take
them look outside of Charlottesville and
yes Charlottesville was shocking that
there was a appeared to be a couple
hundred of them there but almost every
other right-wing protest is seventeen
people just let them be goofballs by
themselves march around like jackasses
and go home okay so now the third thing
is really important this I don't know
who did this we in fact called some of
the unions that were present there like
we did not participated in that part
right and because I'm trying to figure
out who the hell did it because ripping
the American flag first of all from
somebody's truck private property
terrible and could lead to violence if
that person then wants their property
back and it's wrong and it's illegal etc
saying F the government America was
never great okay I don't agree with that
and I know that at this point there's a
lot of rage on the left as well because
of all the suppression oppression etc
for this long and you want to have
legitimate conversations about the
things that America has done wrong
throughout history are you kidding me
that laundry list is enormous on the
other hand America has also done
wonderful things throughout history and
I would hope to smart people have a
conversation about both of those things
right but the part that really I object
to it is burning the flag and then this
quote one of them said this is not the
American flag this is their flag no
exact opposite no the American flag is
our flag it's our flight it stands for
all the things that we believe in
equality for all the things that are in
the Constitution freedom of the press
freedom of speech human rights civil
rights it stands for all those things
now did we always live up to that
no but that's why we fight so that we
can live up to those prints
so those are our principles the right
wing doesn't own those principles the
right wing hates those principles look
at what they're doing now they have an
authoritarian leader go around the world
kissing up to other authoritarian
leaders they never believed in our
democracy they never believed in freedom
of the press or speech they never
believed in any other Constitution
that's our Constitution our flag you
should fight for it instead of against
it and it's so important that we
maintain nonviolent civil disobedience
yes there's just overwhelming evidence
over the history of our country and
movements for justice throughout the
world that civil disobedience and
resistance works specifically when it's
nonviolent and passive because in those
ways we maintain the more high ground
yeah and you're not gonna out violent
that the right wing okay and right now
they have the government in their
control you're not gonna out violent
state violence it's a terrible idea both
on morality and uneffective nasubi I'm
not dubious about the story I'm curious
there gonna be some more details about
the story the details are incredibly
sketchy right now yeah the Supreme Court
is thankfully upheld it you have the
right to burn an American flag you
should unquestionably have that right to
burn an American flag but everyone who
burns an American flag in America looks
like an idiot and and I we talked
earlier in this hour about propaganda
and already this story will be utilized
by the right repeated again and again
and again and those images will show up
and no question in the March in the
resistance to fight Trump burning the
American flag today if that story holds
up and is true as reported did
significant damage it was a terrible
terrible incredibly stupid selfish thing
to do yeah I agree with you the stories
to to new and we don't know and
sometimes there are infiltrators I'm not
saying that's what happened I just don't
know it's we tried to find out who did
it and there was no details at all all
right guys we gotta take a break when we
come back a very special surprise making
the power panel a little bit more
powerful you're gonna love it
thanks for watching what I hope was a
lovely edition of The Young Turks now
you know that that is two of the five
segments that we do because that's free
we want to have you support independent
media and can watch the whole show that
we do every day that's five segments
overall no ads at all that's at TYT
Network comm /join come become a member
thanks for watching either way
