the NFL is hitting pause on its new
national anthem protest policy you'll
remember back in May the NFL announced
they would find teams if players were
out on the field during the anthem and
did not stand so here's a statement sent
jointly from the NFL and the NFL Players
Association it says in part no new rules
relating to the anthem will be issued or
enforce for the next several weeks while
these confidential discussions are
ongoing it goes on to say our shared
focus will remain on finding a solution
to the anthem issue through mutual good
faith commitments outside of litigation
now both the NFL and the NFL Players
Association had announced that they had
been working towards a resolution on
this policy but according to ESPN the
policy suspension announcement was
pushed up because of a decision made by
the Miami Dolphins organization just
yesterday they had followed up with the
NFL announcement with their own
announcement kind of an increased
punishment saying that if players
protest they also faced a four-game
suspension and so that's where we are
now yeah so the Dolphins tell ESPN or at
least sources within the Dolphins no no
we're not gonna really suspend players
for four weeks we just had to put the
maximum punishment out there because we
can then downgrade it later but it's
harder to upgrade I don't know if that's
true but yeah that's at least the claim
they're making right their policy got
leaked that's what happened right and
then they were scrambling because they
looked terrible and in fact it looked so
terrible that the NFL called the NFL PA
and and and the NFL PA is essentially
bailed the NFL out yes so the the
Players Association doing a good job
here as they should defending the
players and but look just two things
about the story they drive me crazy look
one is of course the the owners siding
with the bully Donald Trump when in the
beginning they didn't even agree with
them even though they're billionaires
and they're largely incredibly
right-wing and yes they might have been
annoyed that the players were taking
knees and they're annoyed at anything
that might ever cut into their profits I
understand that but for a brief moment a
lot of
knelt with the players and actually
seemed to empathize with other Americans
and that was a lovely moment and then
Trump bullied them and they gave in and
it was one of the most pathetic things
I've ever seen
here's a bunch of incredibly powerful
men in the country that are almost all
billionaires and they get cowed by
Donald Trump why not just because of
personality she's because Donald Trump
did something that was potentially
unconstitutional he challenged their tax
breaks and I don't by the way I don't
think they should get the tax breaks but
that is what he did to punish their
freedom of speech and that's what makes
it unconstitutional and and they and
they collapsed and they caved and then
they did this deeply wrong and hurtful
policy because remember what this is
about the protest is about please don't
shoot unarmed black men it's not a big
ask it's not hey don't we don't like the
troops it's not hey don't go into wars
in Iraq or Syria it has nothing to do
with the troops
it's about cops and it's not saying cops
are bad it's just saying can you please
stop shooting unarmed black men can we
look into the issue of clear police
violence in this country and and it's in
a spitting in their face to do this
policy and to do it in this way and the
second thing that drives me crazy real
quick is the assumption not just by the
owners but by the press that everyone
that the overwhelming majority of the
fans don't like the players to handie
that's actually not true
in fact there's polling to show that 58%
of Americans think that it is freedom of
speech and should be supported not the
workplace yeah for that right that's
right the original policy they reached
out to a green beret and he said taking
a knee is a sign of respect in certain
military Jewish Colin Kaepernick sat at
first and then consulted the Green Beret
he told him to kneel there agree yeah
and so America's actually don't mind it
but they assume since some angry
right-wing white men don't like it that
they speak for all of us they do not
speak for all of us and so when they say
we are going to punish you if you do
freedom of speech first of all it
exposes the right way
hypocrisy they have never ever believed
in freedom of speech all they've ever
believed in is their speech and shutting
you up and second of all it is a slap
across the face to the majority of
Americans and football fans who think
that yes whether you're white or black
or whatever color you are you as an
American have every right to speak out
for your political opinions as social
policy issues and in fact that's exactly
what our troops fought for yeah and just
a ridiculous reason that they gave which
is the paperwork was do our paperwork
was do we had a deadline the Dolphins
the Dolphins when they said when it got
leaked and then to cover themselves
they're saying oh yeah yeah the
paperwork was due at four o'clock p.m.
on this day before the rookies took the
field so sorry we'll work out the fine
details later but in the meantime trust
us that we won't go too far even though
they have it on the they wanted to
initially have it on the books there was
a four-game suspension for this
I liked it Jake that you brought up why
the players are protesting because we
have to keep reminding people at that
because the more we get to this part of
it this part now we're talking about
punishments from their bosses and people
are forgetting or just they're they're
trying to make us forget what the real
the original reason for this is because
it's ridiculous to be against what
they're protesting it's not just that
they're forgetting what it's against
what it's really for
it's they're trying to turn it into
something else which is protesting the
flag protesting America taking it into
something that it is very consciously
not but since it is kneeling during the
anthem a couple things that are worth
mentioning I think first of all Colin
Kaepernick 16 touchdowns four
interceptions in 2016
somewhere around the 15th or 16th best
quarterback in a league I don't know job
doesn't have a job doesn't have a job
Eric Reid rates out in some ways as the
fifth best safety in the league last
year and he's like 27 years old he's at
the prime of his career but he kneeled
every game with Kaepernick and he
kneeled every game last year than
average oh that's outrageous
and and illegal and obvious collusion
and and they are suing them and they
should get so much money that they could
own an NFL and so there's a couple of
good guys
well there's at least one good guy here
so oddly enough his dad Woody Johnson is
the it was the owner of the Jets and
he's now the United States ambassador to
the UK because he is a rich history and
diplomacy but his son is running the
Jets Christopher Johnson and Christian I
don't know Chris Johnson's politics at
all but he said I'm gonna pay every fine
that any of my players get if they take
Andy it's one of the best things that
are incredibly simple straightforward I
would love to see this as a prop been
primarily a overwhelmingly an issue of
black athletes understandably wears this
is the issue is violence perpetrated by
cops against unarmed black men mostly
not exclusively some women and so but it
would be nice if I was thinking before
the Dolphins thing got preempted by the
NFL PA and the NFL making this deal and
I don't mean to call Ryan Tannehill
Tufts quarterback out here I don't know
what his politics are either but if
you're gonna suspend somebody for four
games and this is outrageous this is
wrong so how about the white quarterback
of a team take a knee with those black
plays yeah and today all right go ahead
mm-hm suspend me for four games and so I
was look around James been fantastic in
so many different issues but I was upset
that he didn't do a protest about the
shooting were 12 year old kid in
Cleveland when he played in Cleveland
right and totally unarmed it was
outrageous they shot him in two seconds
flat Tim how nice it's a yes and so I
and I but I'm being too harsh because
he's spoken out in other ways but as I
look at the NFL I was saying this a and
I said it last year as well and Rogers I
know Tom Brady's roughly conservative
but it doesn't matter man this isn't
about being conservative or liberal it's
about you play with all these that with
African Americans with Latinos with just
human beings stand up for the Jews you
play with a lot of Jews
well not as much Ben I gotta be honest
but but if Aaron Rodgers and and Brady
and those guys took a knee it would be
so powerful but as I was reading this
today like you know what would be
amazing and what really I think would
galvanize the country and I think it
would show incredible strength is if all
the Dolphins
came out and took her knee and say what
are you gonna do suspend the whole team
for four weeks have at it Hoss you're
not gonna do that I mean that's what a
lot of us were hoping for after the
president called them SOPs I think for
there to be Sunday full of players on
their knees I think just in support of
each other but players are protesting in
their own ways and LeBron isn't
protesting the exact same way as Colin
Kaepernick but he has been
overwhelmingly vocal about I mean
outside of even his own league he did
and he's been bolder and stronger than
many others and by the way he has a
leverage in this house yeah that's right
but look and and that after a lot of
that was after the Tamir rice shooting
and so I was very animated about that
and I think he I everybody gets that I'm
sure he was very upset about it too but
since then he's been wonderful yeah and
the special flavor of incompetence of
the NFL versus other leagues that have
been able to handle this by listening to
their players that communicating
properly and not let in it and not
making it this ridiculous and and real
quick because I know we've talked about
it a lot but but we've moved act like
the the issue has now been hijacked from
the players who were eager to support to
take a stand and raise awareness about
police brutality against unarmed black
people right because now what we're
asking for is the league to sit to stand
with players for their right to have
that protest in the first place man so
no matter where you stand on this and
obviously everybody I'm assuming 100
percent of American football players are
fans of America and believe in the flag
it has nothing to do with that but the
time has come to stand up to bullies
these guys are bullies and I think I
sense today maybe from the NFL some
recognition that they're on the wrong
side of this I hope and I'm pretty sure
that people involved with football are
supposed to be tough guys so you're
gonna let a bully like Trump bully you
around
I mean how tough are you two easy ways
fatherís want us hit the subscribe
button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
