Americans can legally download 3d
printed gun instructions starting August
1st so next month so this will start it
back in 2013 gun rights activist Cody
Wilson who by the way describes himself
as a post left anarchist he posted plans
for a 3d printed gun he calls The
Liberator right after he posted this the
US State Department told him to take
down the plans it said the plans to
violate international traffic in arms
regulations which regulate the export of
defense material services and technical
data now Wilson took the plans down but
then sued the federal government in 2015
the Obama administration fought that but
just 21 days ago the current government
settled Alan Gottlieb is with the Second
Amendment Foundation they helped with
the case and he said we asked for the
moon and we figured the government would
reject it but they didn't want to go to
trial the government fought us all the
way and then all of a sudden folded
their tent and I just want to just point
out a couple things about this this
situation we have this 3d print of guns
they have no serial numbers so
essentially they are untraceable plans
will also be available for ar-15 lower
receivers complete Beretta m9 handguns
users can also share their own designs
for other guns and it is going to be
available on the Internet which means
state actors or rich criminal cartels
across the world will also have access
great yeah yeah wonderful now we have
more guns more shootings but we won't be
able to trace any of it so we'll have a
harder time figuring it out
this will help criminals and I guess gun
rights activists are thrilled and okay
here's one easy question if you're a
good guy with a gun why do you need an
untraceable gun great why don't you be
able to buy a machine that can help you
make one in your house yeah and we
regulate little project don't you see
yeah it's DIY man that's right right
we regulate weapons in this country
first of all that that quote that broke
out up there about uh uh you know about
export
the law that it violated right right
yeah I mean you know only the government
is allowed to export billions of dollars
of Records to some of the most brutal
dictators in the world that's this is
fascinating to see we're seeing worth
like the money shakes out on this
because the money for people is from the
government who want to sell their guns
then the nra backing the gun
manufacturers this cuts into their
profits yes you want to see how the NRA
is gonna respond to that well we're
selling more bullets
maybe that bullet Lobby is behind it I
don't know where it shakes out and right
now I want to know where is the overlap
in that Venn diagram of like person who
wants to make a gun and person who has a
3d printer like is that a real like
overlay like it's mostly like people who
want to do like fun art projects it's a
my hunch as the NRA will come out
against this in the name of safety right
as a sign that hey we don't we take a
stand on some things don't
I'd be curious but not the traceability
thing because a lot of the people who
are in the NRA are like I don't want you
taking down a national gun registry I
don't want you to be able to track my
guns yeah yeah of course yeah no no I'm
with Ben and we'll see right because I
think the NRA doesn't actually care
about gun rights they just care about
how many guns can the gun manifest a
cent so that's who they ran this person
says that's why I was actually surprised
I was not surprised that the Trump
administration told his tenth no overall
but but I was in this case I was not
surprised that for two years they
continued an Obama policy right and
fought it through the courts which they
almost never do but I thought yeah of
course because they already told him
that one no that is unacceptable that's
the one safety I wonder if you do it
right but they did to be fair to them
they did stop fighting it here so may
that I guess that's better than a
president I'd you know a legal decision
that creates precedents for future I'm
just I'm very curious where the NRA is
on this and where they've been believe
me they've been consulted
but you know again this is crazy
first of all I don't understand the
concept of a 3d printer and anyway I
like faxing I don't understand how it's
like those to come out at the other end
how does it know finally bed nails down
the real issue how does it know and
there's two I'm gonna master my fax
machine and then I am gonna say wait you
guys in America we already regulate guns
in America we have it I don't understand
what the no rational person thinks
somebody should be able to print a gun
on their 3d printer and make it and go
out and use that gun nobody no rational
person if you think it you're irrational
you can't about you can't but I mean
it's the premise in the line of fire
I read the john malkovich said he makes
movies like in the line of fire to go
make the movies he likes doing like
being John Malkovich right and I thought
that's an insult to in the line of fire
you know that's a great movie um but we
you know know it is irrational to think
that this is OK you are an irrational
person if you think that's okay you are
no more rational than someone who thinks
you ought to be able to go to the store
save up your allowance and buy a bazooka
or buy an anti-tank weapon or by an
anti-aircraft weapon because those are
arms and you have the right to bear arms
but we acknowledge that we can't do that
so we have a standard where we restrict
people's ability to purchase weapons we
as rational people can decide that this
is also included in that standard so let
me just explain their point of view for
one second and then explain also why
that makes even less sense so this guy
that brought those suit in the first
place and began the the plans Cody
Wilson describes himself as a post left
anarchist I'm no idea I know if you're a
post left does that mean you're right
like okay so to see one of those
switching sides anyway but the point is
in being fair to their point of view as
they say no this is to fight against the
government so if the government is
coming to take away our rights that's
the whole reason why we don't want the
guns traced because if the government it
traces them then they'll be having an
easier time finding us in the woods and
good luck with that okay so and
understand not only is it it's funny
that you think you're gonna be the
United States military but let's also
note that you think you might be
shooting and killing people in the
United States military and I would
venture to guess that some of these
people are also the people or offended
that Colin Kaepernick takes a knee
during the anthem but then says I would
like to murder people in the military
just in case if I have to if I have to I
need an untraceable gun to kill all the
people in the military right yeah it is
kind of a you know why there because
their post logic and our kids your rank
right so and understand that these
people are preparing to murder
government officials now you say it's
because in that scenario it's not now is
in that scenario you would have to agree
to disagree I think that the way to
fight back is through politics to the
Constitution through our democracy and
if you're preparing in the woods to
murder government officials with your
plastic gun you're a lunatic and and
there's a good reason why the government
should be able to trace your weapons and
yes of course we can regulate not only
does assayed in the Second Amendment
even though you guys again you've lost
sight of logic and apparently the
English language but you obviously
cannot have a rocket-propelled grenade
we cannot let everybody walk around with
an RPG and if you say oh you should
how about nukes should we let everybody
have a nuke because then we would be
safer then should we let Iran Avenue
because then we would be safer according
to your logic
right two easy ways follow Young Turks
want us hit the subscribe button down
below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
