Whoopi Goldberg shut an interview down
on the view with Fox News host Jeanine
Pirro of course they were talking about
President Trump and P Rose new book
here's my question for you because now
and you say you drop I'm not Johnny oh
yeah did you just point at me yeah
listen I don't have trans arrangement
let me tell you what I have oh yeah but
lot of I'm tired of people starting a
conversation with Mexicans or liars and
rapers right and it kept going there's
more one of the things that you talk
about a lot and I'm curious about it is
the deep state how long is the deep
state been there and who's running it
well I won't answer your question
because you get your opening statement
which is how horrible it is a Donald
Trump that's what you said you said it
was be here and murdering the children
of Americans said you know what's hard
what for when the presently united
states we're able to be a hell out of
him now the by
but he didn't stop there because there
was drama backstage and this morning
Pierrot told her side of that story
I left the stage going downstairs and I
saw her and I had to walk by her and I
said whoopee I fought for victims my
whole life something like that and she
started cursing at me what did she say
she said without saying it she said
thank you you Fu and I said whoopee did
you just say fu I mean I was as she was
right here and then she said get the F
out of this building so problem with
that is Whoopi says Pierrot left out
some key parts of the story you know she
was upset when she got here because on a
Navarro was here instead of joy and
after the segment which ended when it
was supposed to it was not early it was
not late it ended when it was supposed
to she then called everybody at the
table a name I cannot repeat on TV and
set it in front of the audience she came
off she could have just passed me she
need to stop but she stopped and put a
finger in my face and yelled I've done
more for victims than you ever will then
I said to her some few choice words I
cannot repeat yes I did say it I did say
it but I did not spit on her I did not
intimidate her no one chased her out of
here saying get out but she did leave
here cursing at the people who booked
the show she cursed at the guys who do
the security for the show now since
Whoopi brought up in and Varro's she
actually jumped in on this too she
tweeted I was there backstage at the
view when this happened I heard it it is
exactly this Whoopi Goldberg described
it here I was told Pierrot who died
never met didn't want me there I was
civil to her on and off camera now can
we go back to talking about how Trump is
owned by Putin's Navarro no nails the
dismount all right so Pierrot of course
tells a totally misleading story because
she's a right winger she of course she's
not gonna tell you the whole truth
that's not what they do
but I think that the part that
amuses me the most as what a snowflake
she is yeah I'm gonna get back to
snowflake in a second but I'm gonna tell
you we can't say it on air what we can't
say it on air but you'll understand
obviously apparently puro called all
those people that she yelled at SC
sucker okay
and so her not telling that part while
going and crying on Hannity like I can't
believe they curse they said it was
abuse and her tweet yeah Buse right but
you left out the part where you cursed
at them way way worse but that somehow
that's your sense of how to do honest
media apparently but to me the more
important part is she said she was
abused she says unhandy she was reeling
from the encounter and even look at that
request not to have a Navarro on why
what are you especially a little
snowflake that's gonna melt if you are
in a same panel with Anna Anna Navarro
and why don't you just go did you think
that they were gonna like agree with you
just because you came on their program
of course they weren't gonna agree with
you I've been on TV a million times and
almost every time it's either
conservatives or establishment people
who don't agree with me and I did a
panel at Politico which was five on one
ain't she didn't complain just kicked
their ass Hey but puron expected i was
gonna be treated like a queen but i
wasn't why didn't everybody clear with
me let me yeah the point that i the take
away from here for me is this and I mean
I notice it a lot on Twitter anytime a
woman on Twitter says anything with a
four-letter word the Cascade and very
ladylike right-wingers do not like women
to curse they can't bear it they can't
stand it I think it offends their sense
of propriety for a woman like you heard
Hannity there he's telling tell her what
she said a woman said f you like and
consistently there are people I follow
for you follow two on Twitter who when
they're hit by some right-wingers
they're like hey I got an idea go F
yourself jackass right you know and then
the instant response is always a nice
mouth lady gaslighting in that
I could have walked past her I chose not
to I said what I had to say but Oh scary
black lady she yelled at me
Oh can you believe it I'm sick of that
I'm tired of bettin you made a good
point that this is not the whole truth
and it just takes me back to the fact
that this woman is a former judge this
woman who everybody is saying is lying
about something so stupid was
responsible for justice yeah it's just
upsetting my first name is judge
actually no you know what Brooke you
made me glad for the first time that
she's on Fox News cuz she's not on the
bench I mean she wasn't on the
federalists list so if she wasn't
seriously considered to be on the
Supreme Court
Trump considered that won't be on
Supreme Court you guys - no and by the
way she is currently lobbying for the
Attorney General position yeah the top a
investigative person obviously in the
country so we would have rid of the top
cop in the country be a TV host the
president be a TV host and the top
economic adviser in the country be a
television host that is insane yeah
Jeannie Paris priority is access and
paychecks those are the two things that
she wants so she does everything she can
on camera during shows to not answer the
question she doesn't want to answer but
frame things the way she wants to frame
them not to advocate for anyone she
purports to advocate for but rather to
get more access to the president and
more paychecks from Fox and more status
through access to the president which
will lead to maybe this Attorney General
thing that she wants but at the very
least to some lucrative speaking gigs
and some kind of other hosting cred you
know what let me just say the last thing
about that because their speaking gigs
if you guys don't know that's a huge
scam on the right wing side it does not
exist on the progressive side but on the
right wing side if you do propaganda for
the rich or for multinational
corporations etc they will pay you a ton
of money to go speak all across the
country and so and so a lot of these
people want with the antics they do on
air is so they can get lucrative book
deals like pure Oh God and lucrative
speaking engagements that's them raising
their hand and saying
yes sir I'll do whatever you need sir
what propaganda do you need sir so and
and it's her assumption that she should
be catered to
that's what if you noticed that the
harshest insults that she had puro had
according to all the witnesses was to
the Booker's like how dare you book me
on a show where they would challenge me
to easy ways for the young turks want us
hit the subscribe button down below
then you're a TYT subscriber and second
is ring the bell and when you do that on
youtube you're notified of our videos
