our next clip is brought to you in
partnership with Squarespace bring your
stories to life online with Squarespace
through a website blog or portfolio so
easy I can even use it for 10% off head
over to Squarespace comm slash tyt or
use the promo code tyt the number of
voters in the state of Georgia who have
been disenfranchised in a way to prevent
them from voting is getting even more
controversial we're now finding that
seniors who were on a bus on their way
to vote early were essentially told by
government officials that they need to
get off the bus and they're not allowed
to vote now this was a pretty crazy
story that I couldn't believe but it
happened according to the Atlanta
journal-constitution government
officials in an East Georgia County told
about 40 African American senior
citizens to get off a bus taking them to
vote on Monday the group that was taking
them taking them to vote is black voters
matter now the bus run by this group was
preparing to depart from a Senior Center
operated by Jefferson County when the
center's director said that they needed
to disembark now why what happened well
the Jefferson County officials basically
told them no you're breaking rules here
by doing this Jefferson County's
administrators said that the county
government considered the event at the
Senior Center political activity which
isn't allowed during County sponsored
events now that's fascinating now
political activity the seniors were not
told who they can and can't vote for who
they should vote for there was no
pressure in regard to candidates and who
they should support so let's just
mention that now I want to juxtapose
this accusation to what happens all
throughout the country on a daily basis
churches are tax-exempt churches are not
supposed to participate in political
activity but they do it all the time all
the time not only do they do it in a way
to encourage people to be politically
active they specify political candidates
that they want
parishioners to support do they get
their tax exempt status taken away as a
result of that have they ever been
punished as a result of that if they
have it's extremely rare more often than
not they very openly transparently
support candidates and they do it in
public forums on TV all the time I look
at this double standard Trump even brags
about how he's gonna try to take that
long way that prevents churches
technically from being political while
being tax exempt so he he's actively
fighting publicly fighting to let
churches say whatever they want and tell
everybody to vote Republican okay
meanwhile they say oh no these black
people are being too political these
older black but wait did they say they
were going to vote for Democrats no you
just assume that it's a non partisan
group think you vote for anyone they
like nobody even told them which way to
vote like no no no they're black so
they're probably gonna vote Democrat so
pull the bus over cuz we can't have
anything related to tax payers funding
anything political so we just found the
most egregious case of forty seniors on
a bus in the middle of Georgia it's
insane I mean this is it is absurd and
by the way I know that the county
officials are being disingenuous because
they keep changing their story so let me
give you an example
Adam Brett who's the county
administrator initially said this
Jefferson County administration felt
uncomfortable with allowing senior
center patrons to leave the facility in
a bus with an unknown third party no
seniors at the Jefferson County Senior
Center would denied their right to vote
no but which one is it are they not
allowed to go because this is an event
that was sponsored by the county or are
they not allowed to go because you feel
uncomfortable with a third party
transporting them there I mean it just
all seems super shady and and again you
have to take this story in the context
of what's going on in Georgia Georgia is
purging its voter rolls of very a very
specific group of people black people
okay and there's another example that
I'm going to get to in just a minute
now black voters matter had received
permission in advance for this event
at the senior center the event was
originally intended to encourage seniors
to vote and that was approved that's
political activity right and then the
seniors asked whether they could ride
the bus to an early voting location and
they're like no we they flat out don't
want him to vote and so but I loved what
the seniors said and they and one of the
people of the scene described it this
way he said it wasn't the first time
someone has denied them or tried to
prevent them from voting they're like
we're not gonna be denied yeah one
person says we're going to vote nobody's
going to stop us damn right okay so yes
in places like Georgia people have been
trying to stop black people from voting
for a long long time we told you another
story same guy the Secretary of State
Kemp
he's the one running for governor he has
not recused himself he's the one making
decisions on who gets the vote and who
doesn't get to vote who gets Persian
stuff and he recently put 53,000 people
on hold massively disproportionately
African American even though African
Americans are only a third of the state
somehow the go overwhelming majority the
people that were poor should purged were
black Oh golly gee how did that happen
and then Kemp goes around saying oh me
bias in my own race well I would never
oh I'm running against an
african-american Democrat in Stacey
Abrams
no no no it's just a coincidence that I
keep pulling over black people and not
letting them vote
I keep purging black voters and then
there's a third case yes
so the third case has to do with mail-in
ballots and how many mail-in ballots in
one specific County have been rejected
so as of Monday evening Gwinnett County
the second-most populous in Georgia had
rejected 464 mail-in ballots through
Sunday the rejected ballots in the
county amount to nearly 40% of the
mail-in ballots rejected in the state
now we should probably look into which
ballots were rejected and break them
down by demographics now the Coalition
for good governance says the county is
disproportionately rejecting ballots
from people of color of course
well that's three quiz so this is in a
row golly gee it's funny how that turns
out and we have specific numbers for you
so whites who make up 50 5.4 percent of
the county's population have a rejection
rate of 2.5% Asian Americans who make up
12.2 percent of the county's population
have a rejection rate of fourteen point
eight percent blacks and Hispanics
respectively make up twenty eight point
seven percent in twenty one point two
percent of the county's population and
have a respective have respective
rejection rates of eight and four point
three percent so that's a lot of numbers
let me focus on the two numbers that
matter the most why people are rejected
through this same system at only a two
point five percent rate life people are
rejected at an eight percent rate three
times as high so what is the the
mechanism they're using for this they
said well we looked at your balance and
some of you forgot to put your birthdate
now they get to say oh I'm just doing
based on they forgot to fill in that one
out line item doesn't matter at all
almost irrelevant right but and is it
enforced in other places it is not
enforced in other parts of Georgia that
happen to have more white voters but in
this case is enforced and
disproportionately against African
Americans so that's selective
enforcement so how how do they do this
we told you about this last time so
Republicans systematically try to
suppress the vote and in my opinion
that's a form of voter fraud okay all
throughout the country so they find
different ways to target African
Americans and sometimes Latinos etc
number one is the most obvious one is
voter ID like oh wow it doesn't
everybody have a driver's license no 25
percent of African Americans in this
country don't have a driver's license a
lot of them live in big cities and they
don't need one okay so you've just
eliminated a quarter of the African
American vote if you do that another way
that they do it is they go I'm just
purging voters that have the same name
right but it turns out African Americans
have same names make up a name Bobby
Jones etc more often much more often
than white voters do now that's a
phenomenon I didn't know but it turns
out that's a fact they're scouring every
single way to cheat so they go oh good
we found one it turns out African
Americans have and so do Latinos are
sort of
have more similar names I go I don't
know which one Bobby Jose is I gotta get
rid of all of them does that affect
black people war and then of course this
one now with the leaving out one
particular thing that's irrelevant in a
forum while blacks do it more for
whatever reason in this particular
County but only in this county right
that's why that's the way we always
suppress their vote and and what that
reminds me of is what a lot of red
states do in regard to abortion
providers so they will specifically
target abortion providers with
ridiculous regulations that make
absolutely no sense like the width of
the hallway needs to be X amount of feet
or like whatever it is right and they do
that so the regulations are so hard and
difficult almost impossible to follow so
those providers can no longer exist and
in this case they've decided to use this
ridiculous birthday regulation in one
County that consists of a pretty large
population of black voters I mean they
do it specifically to target people to
discourage them from doing what they
should be allowed to do and in this case
with what's there right you know to go
out there and vote they don't believe in
democracy
Republicans in in states like Georgia
who go out of their way to prevent
people from voting they don't believe in
the democratic process they just don't
so let's keep it real guys the
mainstream media will not tell you this
because they they're afraid of losing
ratings if they offend their Republican
voters okay not even the politicians
with the voters the other day Lindsey
Graham said it would be terrible if it
turned out he was Iranian in a DNA test
terrible oh my god being in a person to
rate him yuck
okay Trump calls Elizabeth Warren
Pocahontas all the time they're brazenly
racist and now look at all these things
that they do against black people to
make sure they don't vote I don't care
what they do well no but you have to
understand Jack we're just trying to
cheat because blacks vote for Democrats
too much it's not that we hate blacks we
just want to make sure that we oppress
them because it's to our advantage I
don't care that's racist and it is
cheating so my last question to you guys
is are you going to let them get away
with it or are you gonna fight back
and get on any damn bus
walk it swim it doesn't matter get there
by hook or by crook and get out there
and vote and make sure these guys who
want to oppress you want to take your
vote away after all these years don't
get away with it
go fight back like what you see click
this subscribe button below and don't
forget to ring the bell to never miss
another video from the Young Turks
