Aaron met a who is a host of a show
called the real news and he's also a
writer for the nation and he's been
following the Russia Gate story yes
we're gonna get to we're gonna talk
about Russia cuz I mean is there
anything else anybody's talking about
nowadays and Aaron do we have a good we
have Aaron on the line hey Malcolm Aaron
thank you so much for joining me I
appreciate it
Aaron you have been following the the
Russia gate if that's what we're going
to call it story and you've been
following closely I'm sure the events of
the past weekend and then previously
what not so not only at the Helsinki
summit the or the traitor summit or
whatever it's being called on on Twitter
I find Twitter is very even hand and
people are there not been all over the
top at all so that's a straight yes it's
very place to be um but but also the the
Muller indictments let's start with the
Muller indictments because that was the
the huge story leading up to the the
meeting whether you know Trump should
cancel the meeting like he was ever
gonna cancel that meeting
so what are the key allegations that we
didn't have before
from the Muller indictments that are
this is the real the real smoking on all
those those dozens and thousands and
millions of other smoking guns we talked
to you about before this is the real one
this is it yeah so what are the
allegations specifically in the
indictment that people are pointing to
as being you know conclusive let me
first put my cards on the table so
people know where I'm coming from I've
been a spectacle gate for a long time I
don't think it's everything it's cracked
up to be so I will say that with this
Muller indictment we do have the most
well we've a few things one we have the
first time really that Muller after more
than a year of investigating is actually
charging someone for something directly
related to the issue at hand which is
either Russian government interference
in the US election and potential Trump
campaign collusion so this is a charge
to the first time I was something to do
with one of those things which is in
this case alleged Russian government
interference because we have 12 Russian
military intelligence officers accused
of the email hacking of the Democratic
Party
and some scanning of voter databases and
also an elaborate sort of cyber
financial scheme to help cover up their
tracks and so and also for the first
time we have significant detail we have
Muller lays out a very elaborate case
you know account accusing these
intelligence officers of doing this of
penetrating the DNC servers of then
using a sort of fake cutout account
known as gusoff or 2.0 to distribute the
hacked emails to WikiLeaks
so it's for the first time it's a
detailed allegation from from Muller now
well I think I differ from the
conventional reaction to this is that
while I welcome the detail and I think
it's it's a new step in this case I
don't think it proves anything it's an
allegation we know and Glenn Greenwald
is someone who's made this point pretty
tirelessly over the last few days that
you know we don't automatically just
take the word of prosecutors and I
should add by the way that I don't
personally take the word especially a
robert muller robert muller when he was
the chief of the FBI he testified to
congress about claiming that there was
an Iraqi WMD program and that he was
concerned it could be transferred to
terrorists so was he right about that I
forgot I remember either but I you know
I guess I guess I'm my memory is vague
enough that I should at least be open to
alternative
assertions from Muller right so and this
is generally speaking the just because
something comes from an intelligence
operation does not mean you accept it
out of hand without without without some
skepticism the the intelligence
community I love that term has earned
skepticism it doesn't mean that wrong
doesn't mean they're lying but it
doesn't mean they don't they don't get
the they don't get any they don't get a
pass from all that in the past and then
from what's happened before so you're
saying you you you treat this with with
skepticism yeah now you know there have
been for a while all these alternative
theories about what actually happened to
the DNC emails you know some allege that
it was a leak from the inside there's a
there's a conspiracy theory about South
rich around that you know I've never
I've never I don't I don't believe the
South rich thing but in terms of it even
being a leak I've never gone there
because I mean I've tried to go there
I've tried to read the material but I'm
just not savvy enough to understand it I
just don't get it so I don't feel
confident enough to weigh in that either
way on that issue but I also you know
but similarly I bring that same
skepticism to Muller's assertions here I
think we should wait to see the evidence
they have for how they obtained this
this pretty granular detail of how
Russian military intelligence officers
down to their very names they even
identified their names carried out this
elaborate hack of the DNC and you know
some of the theories that are out there
are that the however carried out the
hacks the one reason I can already say
that I'm skeptical but it was the
Russian government or at least that I
would I would be open to the possibility
that it wasn't a Russian government is
because I do think it's pretty obvious
and it's pretty uncontroversial that the
hackers whoever they were were pretty
sloppy so they left digital fingerprints
that allowed their IP address to be
discovered there was some Cyrillic
characters apparently deliberately
implanted so it there are strong
indications that whoever did this wanted
to get caught and that has led the
theories that gusoff for 2.0 the person
who allegedly transmitted the emails on
behalf of the russian government to
wikileaks was actually a front concocted
by not by the russian government but by
somebody else that is the alternative
theory i don't know enough to way to
weigh in on its validity but I also
don't rule out and also there's one more
thing that my colleague max Blumenthal
pointed out which I thought was
interesting in the indictment Muller
asserts that that WikiLeaks did not
finish receiving all the stolen material
until mid-july right he gives a date in
July I believe it's July 12th or July
14th and and that and the before that
there were several successful failed
attempts to try
for the material from goose 42.0 to
WikiLeaks but max Blumenthal pointed out
that actually Julian Assange announced
on June 12th that they had material on
Hillary Clinton that they were gonna
release in the upcoming months so way
before then Muller alleges that
WikiLeaks finally received the material
so you know maybe if all this checks out
Assange was just bragging about
something you didn't have but it's also
possible that Muller has the information
that Muller has and I'm not a searching
Mulder made anything up I think he's
going on whatever information he was
given possibly by the way--by
CrowdStrike which which is to me a shady
firm the same firm that analyzed the DNC
servers and possibly just basing his
conclusions on faulty information i I
don't assert that with any strong
confidence but I just think it's
important to raise these questions
especially given as you mentioned how
wrong Intel agencies have been before
hey I hope you enjoyed this clip there's
a whole hour and a half of aggressive
progressives waiting for you at the
Young Turks Network become a member and
get access to all the content
