really really really really really
really really really because another
household video on this channel because
a lot of you guys in the comments down
below
happy saying that we need to another
household video and I agree cuz you have
a lot of feast on to the garden as you
probably know in fact definitely know I
did a house talk about a year ago when
we first moved into the house and that
video lots of changes Jana to your room
to the garden yeah there's a few changes
inside as well yeah yeah shall we go
inside
she was that outside stop to know what
why don't we show your fans what you do
on the way to school when we do the
schoolroom so this is my I would say
winter car but it's obviously summer for
before BC it is GL e63 four-wheel drive
nice and safe for the school run for
Tiana you can speak to me they're quite
you driving yeah and then I put music on
there's the video if Karina so Dianna
normally on the school run you'll talk
to me for about two minutes on the way
then you just listen to music singing
sing to yourself that's when I laugh to
myself with Giada tries to say
Oh Jonas Forney so yes guys so this is
my car we've got mums car over there
howdy soldier farmer Jordan
so Jordan you've got something to do
today you're busy so you're not in the
house or video I'm going to hell for - I
can't take part in this video I'd love
to show you my things my house you know
I'm gonna let my son take care of it
today what is he talking about
all right so we'll insert the property
through the front door just quickly so
the fans mom's car hey toys and me toys
and daddy toys and daddy
right I bet mom don't even know the name
of our car over to you mom what's the
name of your car GLC for three ladies
Benz so this is one of my favorite films
guys fast and furious cover your ears up
ladies and you guys home volume please
and by the way I'm sure I said c63 no 63
yes you ring the bell fall we're at home
and we're outside as well
that's the first time I've seen them
what their feet when they've come in
that is the yeah oh look a doggy you
remember the donkey guys from the last
house tour I've been shorty on a name
this one here you go
what did I say last time this is the
entrance hall yeah do they go no that
one's always oh yeah you're right I'm
sorry I'll destroy everyone there last
time
you're not there I what we already here
so this is where we start so entrance
hall we've got some pictures Tiana and
Jordan and me and my wifey today that
was a honest copy what was in her room
originally so so the carpet there tianyu
we didn't really like did we yeah so
basically guys when we went to choose
Shauna's carpet without Gianna Gianna
likes red as you guys know it was her
favorite color okay so me and mum went
looking at carpets and we found this red
carpet before this is this is my carpet
but when they came and made this carpet
when you coming from school it wasn't
right to be fair it wasn't my let me
tell you guys it's like it's like a
burgundy they come won't do it any
justice but it mmm it's just fist of
snow right but the one we've got is fine
yeah
and on Sunday I do use that hookup for
the rice and pea soup or Sunday dinners
it's been there for a while until yeah
so like one said washer what's this I
would not know is that another washer I
know what this is open hot what fire
does he don't tell me what would you
think of what I didn't spot there and
you don't even upstairs okay I've got to
talk to you guys about this cinema we've
got to be honest with the funds because
we don't really use it often enough we
don't get time good answer so mum is
hundred percent right because so busy we
don't get chance to come down and watch
your film not only that there's only two
chairs so do we all I want you and who's
sitting down on these chairs and
obviously if I'm gonna watch a film in
here I'm sitting down on my own
I love the pictures guys Sharon Stone
Robert De Niro Al Pacino
where's Clint Eastwood I've gotten no
there he is one of my favorite actors
Elizabeth Taylor my mom's favorite
you wouldn't know these actors yeah
exactly yeah
let's do it or the famous moped oh oh
where I found this fishy
Giada today what I butter up there you
hit that squishy so good I even was
sweaty man I was looking for it but
we're friends now yeah come on pink come
on George's got the pink
I've got daddy squad I've got to you but
that is for toys and daddy guys but
right now is a good time to tell you
guys about your honor's merge because
Yanis launching another website selling
merch and all sorts of super cool cool
things I know I've already seen some
samples yet yes you know your favorites
the school supplies it's gonna be up
very soon but there's gonna be some
school supplies on there and there's
gonna be all sorts of different kind of
things on the website it's gonna be
amazing
in fact we've got some samples upstairs
yeah in the office of some four days
t-shirt so we can show you guys a little
upstairs yeah what if you do it mm-hmm
all right back on the tour we need to
change that Tiana soon
scarlet from the meet-and-greet Liguria
so awesome here is a lot
I'm just found slain look she's got
slime in her bedroom also guys by the
way oh yeah this is a journey which is
really cool I have joined their LEGO
Friends hot squat if you did not know
already
we're some really really cool people on
the block a lot of my books I want to
share them this because by the way I
know it's a bit babies from my age but
I've had this for it means a lot to you
that what does it
yeah and plays music well it doesn't
anymore I'm also in here what's your
favorite book what you've been reading
lately in there in here what's that one
chord my brother's a big fat liar is
that the one you believe yeah donut
diaries and they start in the toilet
eating donuts so down here there's a lot
of my other ones like big surprise big
surprise pearls and this is my case of
something and then in here is not lol
but I normally yeah but can you guess
what's in there oh no squishy jewelry
yeah the soaps Oh smell so good I made
someone you funds yeah yeah this is
basically she's in here
is my best no my best feeling wrong but
I had this before the giant ones so I
put this in her friend and freshen up at
this here is my limited edition all
these foot spa others live is a
different one look my name is there and
to all these gave me this and it's so so
cool and I'm sitting on my shopkins by
the way and then also from all these
position like this hair always a wild
world that's really really cool
you put Anna water but those rebel you
haha you will need to put some more
Orbeez in there yeah and golden Orbeez
war 2016 doesn't feel that long ago
amazing Orbeez YouTube and also and also
let your guys also bless this is like
what this is but only this is the better
version because limited edition my
birthday or something and on this one my
donkey when I was a little girl really
I've never seen not much younger
you brought me that do that did I get
eyes yeah that was about 15 years ago
because it's facing my benefit is that
why can smell ladies products in it it
smells like a flower shop I didn't seek
in a bathroom like it's gonna be hard to
find I mean watch this and this TV is so
cool watching football line there riedel
I believe on up guys it's waterproof
waterproof TV just like and also how
many times has she said that so far and
also what they've done
oh we have forgot to tell you that guys
it's also a mirror are you doing my
second bedroom
everything's my my purple
GT squads my can you remember this guy
thrombin was living in the other house
the piggy and Chiana went to McDonald's
on the Power Wheels and got the money
out of the piggy I've got a happy meal
yeah which is a lot of my match merch
closet yeah that's what you can call it
more sleepover guest room you've said it
yeah cool boorda speaking Jordans I'll
do that one
there's Jordan's room Jordans definitely
making some changes guys I'll speak for
him cuz you know what Jordan says his
room looks like this is Jordan's words
it looks like a hotel room so basically
is going to have a cabinet right down
there probably have some wardrobe here
that's what you said in the girl what
does he do move or what is he up to
don't tell me it's based on a prank pen
suite for Jordan there you go Diddy well
I already have there you go cactus oh
that's cactus
what's up what's up and also also don't
had locked me in my bedroom for a game
yeah so then I pulled out the window
you've done that when you had that um
sleepover video yeah we're gonna enter
my building now yes I'll speak this is
my gym right there is where Chiana
slimed me and she was hiding in this
cupboard right there and I still not got
over that experience guys in fact when I
woke up this morning there was green
stains on the bed sheets from slime
stuck to my back
welcome get me on to wash it off and I
was lying in bed and obviously the
slides off my back onto the scene all
experience that's the splits of a living
machine dumbbells exercise balls up
Trina curly ball
Spyke run up step bar and the spinning
buck I really like this guy's is
spinning bike I use this a lot dumbbells
again and another God with your floating
steps and bamm-bamm's pretty old itching
so when she came here she was nervous
whether that move when you're walking on
then so the fine so we've entered the
living room space guys and the first
thing mom wants to talk to you guys
about is the kitchen I don't think you
are though I think you need to be in
there more laughing so go for it Gianna
oh yeah and this comes up to extra space
st. Gianna's been in the kitchen more
than you there you go because you body
boom to say this is my kitchen space and
then Tiana comes in and takes over the
kitchen space my own masters I mean even
I know how to work things in here
I've been cooking when the cookery go
thanks Raptor phone there you go what is
that more okay well it's not is it
it's not even warm wave you clean it
right let's get this down Tiana's down
okay anything else want to talk about in
the kitchen while we're here but from
this beautiful looking cherry yeah TV of
course and Tom that's Tom's plate like
what so this is whitey Arnold wanted to
go gymnastics guys but she was doing tip
knife sticks in the house a lot of dude
enough sticks in the house on the
furniture and things like that as you
can see this is what she does cook all
weird stuff so yeah I like to chill out
on this sofa guys it's so comfortable
when I get the chance to chill out which
is which is not very often you know
no okay I'll show you where I like to
chill are in this living room space and
every time I chill out in this space I
get disturbed I'll point out to you
right now guys
right there that's that's where I like
to be okay I read my newspaper
chill out there football TV or whatever
is on the TV I get disturbed now and
again I'll glance out the window at the
view well mom she's about two miles away
from me here
I mean look at the distance from mom to
me I'm like their mom's there after
phone caller come and sit next to me on
my phone listen they work the do good
job because to know why the good they
are good blinds for us with me making
videos guys because when this sun is
shining down it just comes through the
house cuz obviously there's a lot of
glass and the blinds sort that problem
out and obviously we sort the problem
out with the privacy as well as we all
needs a bit of privacy
so chiana's plugin musically and i've
got twenty four point eight so there you
go guys
do you follow bit and this that's the
award the trophy okay
oh yeah oh these award yeah where'd that
took what are those three chairs at home
yes yeah sometimes guys i'll pull out
one of these chairs just here of a
coffee sits out on the balcony
I don't know I'm a spider and they add
just enjoy the views yeah it's really
pretty we thinking about I've won at the
back of the garden yeah
no zip line Tiana but is definitely that
happenin no zip line so yes guys this is
the balcony area very nice day today in
sunny England which we don't get much
off the song but when we do get it you
have to enjoy it and we're gonna go to
that area very shortly guys which is the
backline where the pool is most of you
guys have seen the pool already what
we're gonna be gonna talk to you a bit
more about the pool area yeah oh no oh
no no no we're gonna do it right and
turn right and turn fire
excuse me no one allowed in the office
because you know I'm the only person
who's allowed in this room and that's my
relaxing chair in fact I fell asleep a
lot chair many a times so guys now we
open the office this is a good
opportunity to show you the merch where
I was explained to you downstairs in
chiana's bedroom some of the samples of
the merch rock may be done on the
website
sorry dyes some different logos and
ideas their hoodies war buddies
tracksuit bottoms awesome tiana love
arts
I'm just looking for daddy squad that's
why I'm looking for and here's the first
one I've ever got 400,000 subscribers on
toys on me and here is the next one I
thought for one minute subscribers on
toys I mean which is
this one here and it's a really really
big competitor yeah they've changed them
now because they brought new plucks out
like these this is the new range of
plots for Fantastic order K 1 million
and by the way Tiana you've got two more
plucks come in for you new channel what
a thousand and jordiz got 100,000 plot
comment and 1 million plat 40 on the
channel so got three more blacks guys
coming into the house cuz the squad is
super duper ah okay so basically these
are the CD print from so you're on a
song couple of Christmases ago
snowflakes come on mom give us the
chorus me mom and be my mother just
there a my dad
Jordan insyaallah don't do nothing
certificates and the world is round by
the way guys around well a long time ago
people was thinking that the world was
square so you'd go out in the ocean and
you would fall off the Versailles riding
the boat that's what they used to think
it was square was it Christopher
Columbus sees a bit of history there for
you I think Christopher Columbus
discovered that the world is round
moving on you learn something new every
day
lesson over toilet flash light walking
comes on automatic back out bye-bye
hello landlady I love the view had this
pop well why are you allowing kids in
your pub no but this is the ball this is
the bar area you're not allowed to have
children at the bar
why children pictures at bar scare
customers away we've got cause your
honors about horses out so you get to
school on that horse yeah my little pony
LUN lady what's your long lady mean
every LUN lady's got like a name mrs. or
bees let me name that so yeah guys this
is the bar area got fridges down here
I've got the long lady what's
hoverboards do be on the ball so make
sure you pay for you drinks or some LUN
ladies gonna chase you on the overboard
oh look it's yarder the school faux guys
2006 who's that
hey he's very true yes yeah my mistake
guys I just forgot our young Tiana
really is okay so we've got this wedding
photo look at this handsome Mandela the
handsome man I can't see he's part of
the squad the daddy's one family photo
up at the bar
Tiana's three Jonah was three Tiana's
gone she's not part of the house to
anymore Charles not gonna be happy you
claim with Tom
even the light shining down on YouTube
my bedroom my utility my bathroom what's
mine then I might need to press buttons
only if sat down again Lord John is
hidden there be no disease makes a mess
what's the TT squad fun more doing in
our bedroom Chiana smarty in your
bedroom what was the thumbnail postal
mail TV beautiful flowers fine a foreign
unicorn which gave me and my beautiful
bed but this is the bed where Tiana and
me slide Prince mom I know we had green
going through the mattress it was a big
problem guys but yoga does seem worse
BAM loved it here we go Donna yeah this
look why is it's my favorite port look
your honor how much makeup you said this
last time boys no no I'm not even gonna
go in there that's where it's full of
makeup perfumes all mums look at this I
wouldn't use this it's all female
products I've just got a few sprays yes
but this is ladies chosen
well why is that chair there then that's
a chair for a lady to sit down and get
ready there oh let's talk about the
wardrobe space all this is mom's
wardrobe space guys as you can see
everything belongs to mom because why
would I walk around there's all the
shoes boys all your heels look just
hurry to the top shelf where's - oh my
god she's gone it's not already in see
Gianna
rah okay I bought you but look at the
issues guys these shoes are winter shoes
because these are boots and they even
kept endorsed I mean the dusty because
they've been up there that long I've got
nothing new nothing new okay move it up
as a bit of fun let's go but it's some
pictures that's the weirdest things I've
seen from a long time I mean don't even
put your hand across there touch that
don't even do that right that okay so
this is my toilet this is Monsoor as you
get a difference in the height that was
low mine's a little bit higher so that's
to me nice not
this is one sink this is my Seng yes I'm
going to have a shower now bye power
shower so basically guys this is the
power shower from football so winner me
of the shower I'm singing Michael
Jackson songs yeah and me spray me up
and down happy days
so we're gonna go out into the garden
now guys we're gonna open the doors this
is what we're doing a lot of video just
lately obviously in the pool this God
has changed so much guys since we moved
into this property it's just hard to
believe what's happened to this car
doesn't sits y'all nobody Vic mom in
that space of time of year
big changes yes hot tub on the right
inside just there guys oh we're not to
clean the slime out of that hot tub oh
it's awful experience we didn't what's
that for dancers for those that's a
fortnight done Oh doing the for that
dance is Jana no could you remember
though when it was like mud everywhere
and the builders working on it and we're
wet in the pool what it wasn't even a
pool then it was that mud pool but did
some challenges knit me a supper right
here it was that was over there wasn't
over there
you know we've got a video of I'm sure
we got a video on the one of the tunnels
yes all this was just mud
we are tractors out there guys it was
Wow I told you I said to you guys you'll
be shot when you see this this much look
at deep this room who's gonna be guys
we've had so much fun in this pool bombs
like it's not hot enough I'm a short 32
degrees in that water right now yeah but
when you go under the water you warm
you're in 32 it's like the Caribbean
enjoy yeah that's hot water yeah this
room I mean when that's but I thought
speaking to you guys about this room
this room originally was built for a
reason and that will start our videos
done in there yeah like tabletop videos
but that's all changed the thing is
what's going to happen in that room
there's gonna be awesome guys some super
cool ideas coming up soon for that room
we will let you know very soon giving
you updates but at the moment it's like
a room where you would go in a holiday
and say you like you're on the beach and
you want to rent out oh I don't know
some see stuff to play the water
it's like what would you call one of
them shot a pawnshop on holiday not a
boom shot no not a ball shot when you
can rent our rafters or all the rafters
if things like that that's what this
Rouge guys look we've got boats we've
got we've got bulls I mean we've got
Jonah stumble Jonah you see in this fan
mail we need to sort this family to the
video what this is all Tiana's family
eyes fan mail from mail one dozen boxes
in there yep fan mail more fan mail so
we got to do a video soon guys with fan
mail Tom's brother Tom's brother
santiana look in the Box look what is
that box is the slime box for we're
doing a slime video later on Tiana is
proposing me that truth with my do what
you're doing down there y'all know what
you up to
Freda Garcia all right so this is this
room what we're gonna give you an update
soon guys about the videos what's gonna
be happening in that room it's got my
second wife in there my car first my
second I said thorn I call it the first
is up to you oh yeah we've got a pool
invader or wasp you guys not see that
it's too far away but you can know that
we've got a port invader look so now
I've got the key for my room
is your room yes I would call this
garage stroke games room stroke now this
is where you'll see some toys in fact
I'm gonna quickly show you how much
squishy astana really out Marsha's gone
round the back of the garden this is the
squishy box guys look that is full of
squishies look how big that boxes yes
how's the showing the fans something oh
here we go guys
entering the garage this is the second
wife why is it going to acquire don't
set the alarm off yes
the Lamborghini is the call I don't take
out that much I will say that guys is
because that coil comes out when the
weather's nice with a nice if you could
turn some lights on that's what you do
get enter buildings washer my team
Liverpool guys up there on the wall
Liverpool posters this is a signed area
and chumpies need look when you come in
this room now was interested in this
room because it's this is why friends
guys
okay you get excited by you will never
make it she'll never make it
ah does stopped it
don't kid you know what this far he's
been stuck in this carriage too long I
need to go now that's God and Mormon is
scared at this car but you don't like
the noise did it's the engine that's
loud it's a sports bar so basically I
don't really grind it that often with
any in the family but you're spoiling it
5t Jordan is too tall because when he's
in the car this car
basically George heads there so the wind
hits is boring so a while ago I had a
Mercedes died and it was a rebel drag
car it was fright because there's a
railroad right pass up these motors from
the back of the car and driving that car
was about experience that the Wills used
to spin is to move it up and the cool
safe in it
sketchiness drive keeps coming out the
back before Lamborghini that looks after
me well yes
oh yeah of course that's converting so
basically guys this table tennis table
turnip or is it ping-pong table is also
a pool table okay cool clothes of course
little pool red yeah my favorite when I
touch it because he doesn't want it so
this is the pool table right when your
fans see this
I would I would call this room a toy
shop yes yes because in this room and
seen it okay Machado
okay that's yadda okay let's yard Oh
guys what Donald's KFC Powell's which
the light comes in yeah now they've seen
so would you like to go forward Tiana
this is where we store some more of
Tiana's toys well basically guys it's
not just about it's about videos as well
of course and giveaways and we'll do
things for charity so we give toys to
charity a lot
we've got like boxes of toys here lol's
shopkins board games surprise eggs
sentimental toys from Tiana's first
video even more fireworks when we
celebrate Christmas
polar bears Gordon a quick run around
the board I'm going to do a couple of
laps around the garden guys I think
we've covered everything gonna need that
gonna need the way around the society
honor yeah on the side of the oak will
do a lot
the famous BFT trees which you guys
named forest when I first moved in the
property let us know in the comments
down below if it was you who need the
trees be FTS that's when you do hide
your seat videos yeah this is the apple
tree right here guys well it's humid
today so there is so I'll see the that's
the house saw I just love the BFT go to
there BFT guys we've got to go the BFT
we could probably finish off the video
in the bf G's so you've added but I've
just spoke to the fans about that
because obviously they named the the
trees beauties meet you in meet you in
meet you in and tough that's why deceit
video yeah big friendly trees it's like
air Colin air and say it's cool yeah yes
guys enjoyed it during the second house
or the last house tour was on poison me
about a year ago you have them the first
moved into the property so right now
will you calm it down below because I
think we're gonna do a Q&A video soon
yeah
put some comments down below questions
you want me Tiana mommy
Jordan to answer yeah I remember doing
one of those yeah before yeah definitely
and once again guys
you're the best fans over the TT Squad
not a chance T to know what the Daddy
Squad is still lit I've been listening
to all these new trend in words and I
like that one
I'm using it comment down below guys
comments about the Q&A questions what
was the answer on the video I know you
enjoyed the video stay super duper
daddy's cool
