Oh
oh gosh believe what that's done but
guys I've come down what a lot podcast
but it's just really sad and this is my
best squishy
because it's my favorite fruit but it's
not a door and there's my favorite
squishy because it's my favorite color
I my favorite I'm not maybe so sad I
knew that he had done this because today
at school all of my friends well most of
my friends have been telling me that my
dad has been Gooding my squishies didn't
say which ones but they said strawberry
that's all they said not maybe really
angry and also mom even said it on the
way home and he even made a video of it
and probably most of you guys have sword
well let me find this video and I'm
looking for squishies squishies to your
honor I know you've got loads and loads
of squishies
oh I remember something what my friend
said they said your dad went into your
bedroom and opened a cupboard full of
squishy I even said to them I sha rels
my dad because they're all in here uncut
it's the pot when he cut the
strawberries he really thought that I
wouldn't notice I think he saved that
you'll Satan Red Bull you've seen when
you open squishies sometimes the color
of the outside inside what I don't think
it does conceal but you probably saw
that satisfy you
that's it I need to speak to mom mom mom
well I've just been breathing some other
comments on that video or dad was
cutting my squishies the fans have been
telling you in the comments I'm seeing
it all yes but I just can't believe it
where is he
only this it up intake right that's
important I need to get em back for me
come with me
the office
daddy what are you doing that you're not
got my computer in your hands is that my
computer about Dreeben well dude laughs
while you're lying there put the
computer back in the office I don't have
no computer I've seen the computer Jonah
why are you doing that woman take a year
and calling me a woman you're not
laughing no are you you look very
chilled and angry
you shouldn't go near Tiana squishes let
me just explain MacBook that and squishy
baton yes compare them both right the
jokes on board you kind of like scaring
me yeah yeah yeah fun's over put my
computer back in the office please I'm
chilling I'll get your boss mrs. uh it's
not a prank
it's the poor he's too far gone that is
just you drinks floating off don't don't
do that don't do that to your assistant
I can't believe you're involved with
this see the water's not even need to
get ice I know
whoa like we've said keep your hands off
the squishes that's the first time
you've said it dad man you made a deal
that we can't prank each other but you
just broke
do it Jana if this happens all I'm
saying is price that's got to stop
that's too far Tiana three two one ha
how do you feel what is that computers
to every boy g'bye run what what my Mac
was done where'd you get that from
ah let's roll that right
do you have a silver computer a laptop
silver yeah okay thank you
I need a silver one
let's have a look what's in there guys
oh there's only Telly's I think I'm
going to struggle in here I don't need
to tell you I need a laptop not good
there's another box here I can look
through yes this is gonna have to do the
paws might eat it yet it's freezing in
there isn't it you're finished you are
finished you album you offer water for
what is that that's not my Mac did it
feel really thick it was a struggle to
you guys do you feel happy it doesn't
work - I've been dancing shock which a
nice fella called I am would you like a
nice hot chocolate yeah it's very
welcome to me so I cannot believe you
went to us don't place to find a
computer oh yeah I'm not going to use
your real one you won't tell cuz all you
is looking out
ice I just can't believe I fell for it
I'm so sad it's not my Mac you need to
well no you see my computer my computer
I need to unlock now it's fine it's
slave yeah 2010 eight years ago
you got me
she owns got a big smile on her face now
my friend said to tell you that that you
don't want into other videos I'm banned
them from doing it let me think I might
do a cutting opening LOL episode if you
do that do actual you know what mom yeah
you know dad that video you did was
quite satisfying and now gotta hat and
that looks so cool on the inside and
also let me know in the comments down
below for some more
for me to do on some other people not me
me me no
