mom has just picked me up from school
and you probably wonder why am i advice
wedding question well that's it to me
before school that when I get home the
pool should be ready I'm really really
really excited to see if it's ready it
probably will be and I've not actually
been upstairs yet
as you have just seen I'm gonna be so so
happy if it's done baby it's not that I
kind of just wasted my time putting my
swimsuit on well it's gonna be server
freshened because it's hot today so do
you guys want to see it let's go
anything anything
thank you very much
camera mum I'm looking for their frogs
well I still wanted to make sure the
pools ready
clean we've got confetti in there from
the trees confetti got confetti trained
over there look there that's the
confetti tree that's what I call it so
Chiana right guys the pool yes is nearly
done yes
the builders said it will take three
days with the tap on to fill the pool
are you gonna stand there for three days
well you don't need to cause a lot I've
got duct tape around it look so you just
put it in the pool let it go and three
days later it'll be full just like that
that's why it's not ready when you mowed
it at me
spray me my facebook looking for frogs
what is she do it so you got the ice
cream lie low already for nothing
two more days you'll be ready guys then
we'll have some real fun
where do you go inside now you saw this
water and then there's no frogs don't
see on the go don't you two go ice cream
in the pool with no water
Tianna this is your first lie low ride
in the pool shallow waters when this
pool is ready there is so much fun
so Chiana you're in the shallow end so
in the shallow end you would still be
underwater
do you think that's gonna be okay only
just be sure you dip mom when we have
the builders that guys talking about
this pool mum explained so many times
about the pool height but yeah I do as
well mum said I need to have my head
above water at some points in the pool
and she chose this side so let's go over
to Jordan side yeah you know what guys
this side is for Chiana me and Jordan
I'm gonna see mom over here much so let
me just do the measuring okay
exactly perfect
underwater Jordan will probably be about
I'm on my tiptoes now peekaboo little
6:45 so we've got to leave this tap on
for three days and then it's time to
have some and by the way guys never wear
socks in the pool I was just having a
bit of fun okay come on then take just
stay in stay then they saw the waters I
can see a frog still a lot of cleaning
to be done in this pool so when the
waters full we're gonna get the pool
cleaned again yep it's not gonna work
Jonah where's the lights in the pool
we've got lights you know I'm gonna try
and film the lights so guys here's the
lights the multicolored lights these are
so cool on the nighttime challenge for
year you've got to move fast
when I say yeah when I say spray bob was
up in it oh well we didn't see any frogs
cuz I did a good search
I'll search an old date boss Oh three
days into honor√© for the port to be
filled Hey
so that means coming home from school
Friday you've got to go to pull no
coming from a school Friday you bought
good the pool will say video
