to honor Madison remember that deal mean
you meet your honor but pranking Jordan
is on the driveway now washing his car
oh yeah
so we do it come on get change quick
quick quick quick it's time to practice
oh yeah Jesus easier bad that's--it's
pile a lot see in an apple washing his
car no clue you're not Aris we're fine
we're not on the whispering train
thought like when we did mom Jorge
outside so we got right Tiana ok miss
broom wait stop waste up on the drive
rubbish
okay girls it's slime time hold on a
minute hold on let's go today is Josie's
right girls you what the job I've not
told you this ever but using the dog you
seen the size of Jordan we need
something a bit bigger than that and
I've got an idea of the camera Tiana
follow me yes well obviously that's your
slide so say that on the meaty on
sorry you need for Jordan oh look at the
size of this container but I'm gonna
have to throw this one once will ya but
it's never too heavy
no yeah smells nice
it's a tough one for ya get that green
get in till they get it in get it in
just in Washington it's the corner right
wooden spoon time you know how we do oh
wow that's enough water cuz I want to
carry it
what you think in the Madison put it
before me you know what I'm worried
about
I want to wait for the right moment
where I can decide when to throw this
line I don't want to be missing to our
that I'd be just a total fail I told you
your team what different yeah see we
made that deal I'm sticking to my deal
don't bring me Tiana don't team up with
mom or mother or anybody
I'm watch it I don't trust you I really
do
are you gonna prank me is it texture why
we'd have to go to the balcony or go to
the balcony and check now they're never
about ready to do it I can't hear the
jet wash either JEP what's going well
I'm gonna go check on in one side just
to spy on the glass boy
what's he doing
let me a little
my girls
testers don't listen minutes or real cuz
mom's gone to the supermarket those
Gavin's lunch in the garden okay get
this pranked on we can have some lunch
outside yeah yes so hot so what do you
think do it yeah yeah if he sees you and
he asks what you do that's fine just say
that um it's really hot I mean want to
play some slime well we could just save
this life for another day okay come on
girls need to do a slime check for growl
Oh looking good
does it give it the bottom Mudder see on
is it doing I just cannot miss I just
cannot miss a beat herbal for miss but
least we know Jordan can't prank is but
then there's young but nice line
you know
shall we do it mom's gonna crazy fine
I'm nervous
what never what to do that
bye Tiana matter you - what - made its
position now you know we're together now
yeah let's do this
Gianna Gianna
dianna are you in position
can you see Jordan then Yeah Yeah right
okay creep up - Jordan yeah
mother yeah you seem a lot less someone
that where he is show me him on the
camera oh yes okay okay okay good work
girls good work why right stand by I'm
gonna be slimming him in about ten
seconds ten seconds okay right over and
out
you've got me forget me you want to dump
me thank you very much happy days ruin
me oh I'm not up to that got me but get
me you've already got me see what you
did to mark over that flower thank you
very much prank wars are on happy days
Thank You mr. tripod for your company
well the order capture that slide who's
the best prankster you better watch out
now cuz you know what I'm doing what you
better be on your twos I didn't see
friends you've got you've got and you've
got and all that prick near me that is
the top class use wings you watch when
you're a good mother good teamwork yeah
I'm coming down for my high five see you
in a minute
oh yeah I'm not anything to say the
microphones this Oh
anything to say watch up be careful and
be on your toes okay
over and out watching God's colors oh
hey buddy
Oh No Oh
like a flippin bogey bogus bogus three
boogers you are so much fun guys that
was so much good teamwork
bye there I like your style you can come
again in the prank wars but be careful
now you're involved you might get
pranked so just stand by for that
because Jordan and his call they're like
a married couple
where is it all always disappeared oh
yes look at that laundry wash back home
I got it
nothing huh we're never dumping that
swamp let's see you dump it that's one
do the floss in that swamp yeah
