yeah I hope it was good because man made
her the best we can
ever I'm merciful before I type up that
today shout out question Kim Jeffrey
well and if any of you guys want to
shout out oh yeah after do is put the
notification well I subscribe and
comment when done so basically what
happened on our weekend was me amazing
where to the smooshing Russia party and
that was so fun like this is a post of
what we got smooshed mu she's yeah I'm
awesome amazingly slept over as well so
that's why she's here and before we
start the vlog I were to show you guys
my Squishy gonna okay so first of all
this is my strawberry one and this is my
yeah that one's Macy's I don't know what
this is it's like a square cake and I've
got this little Narwhal yep I think
that's good married but gone already
I got marshmallow tape they're not I got
a whole support collar rainbow one is
weird
'banahna it's really stretchy it is a
squishy but it's like it's not like yes
I just share that spool yeah it's not
like this one a lemon and baguette bread
monkey cake not sure what this is ice
cream
two more dealer clothes which are the
same but more the better
it's really squishy soft tape this panda
bond which will have you guys sent me a
correct watermelon watzmann oh yeah I've
been in peach a nothing unicorn a is
ripped yeah that was my first ever
squishy a sweet corn a beer in a cup and
it's very cute
yes pancakes another lemon cake ice
cream fries let's mix all yeah have fun
and summer take me that you're very nice
it's a round cauliflower a wing from the
unicorn correct I don't know what this
is called but because the type of a
brother indicate a cute cat a banana and
it's like it's like bunny yeah it's like
a bunny boy oh I think this is not any
trifle
yeah a trifle guys this container I used
to keep my shopkins in there but now
like a nice question and I've got a
different container for my shopkins set
eat each should we play hide-and-seek
yeah so the rules are since nineteen
anywhere upstairs upstairs okay okay you
know I could find a better place than
this
soon after
am I getting warmer
hi
sighs
guys Mia may see a fall of a wait for it
to be fast yeah we're gonna ask that if
we can both hide together on him try and
find us
yeah let's go see what he says yeah do
it for a few minutes this traditional
Sunday
okay stays on there yeah this will be
easy
let's do it this will be easy ready or
not here I come morning
yes Theodore
guys I hope you all enjoyed the
hide-and-seek
Vidya I had so much fun yep at the last
round was I didn't yes granted that he
won huh Wow because he wasn't even play
the last two rounds did he know so yeah
yes two rounds we played before yes I
remember any of you guys want to shout
out
all you have to do is click the
notification bell
I've subscribe and come up when you've
done yeah yeah sir I'd so much fun today
hopefully we can do that again
yeah sir as you all next video
