now it's time to meet to give you my
route I just could not resist that
Jordan free ah so nice type it into a
book not anything done yet like the TV
isn't the best thing in this bubble this
picture of me either in the jelly
backbone was dinner table challenge
changes a college every month so if you
guys want to get featured on her the
series of super difficult drawings to my
pill box just right here no here no here
no here so this is s me and this is me
honestly and I'm wearing the same
pajamas as her that is so funny oh look
at this one I really like this one I
really like these a reflection of the
pool drawing woo
this is a cool one I like them all look
like somebody sent me four pens
and it's red my favorite color and guys
this is my gymnastics leotard avenging
lastik sebat four or five times and I'm
going again tomorrow and I'm really
excited and guys this is the toys of
meat-bone kiss and there's lots of
different ones like this there's
obviously different books on it and
school stuff and things like that so
I've been reading this book in bed it's
called my brother's a big fat liar and
also you see this siren this is what
I've got the idea hahahahahahaha another
look and it's really cool and look at
this
can you guys remember this I definitely
and I actually have worn this outfit and
this hair before on the video - children
a few things to show you like what the
phone case is I've shown you this one
this one's called cheonsik ninja another
two on signature open it's the same as
what I wear enough but in white whoa
this is not my size
what this is Jordan sighs look it's on
me it's like a dressing-down one this
looks like it some more sighs hmm that
size hmm I don't know oh look these
jackets I'm gonna try this one on I just
feel like it even though it might not be
my size but I think it is cozy
these buff bones make my bacon smell so
nice
my favorite one would have to be this
star one because you get in the back
this is the little bear I think this new
Mac can you remember my garden or beasts
of war 2006 yes I do use as a lump as
well it's very helpful so here is my
computer and I gonna after school I'm
gonna do a computer this bike it to do
some homework on it
this is my school bag and the really
light is Hopkins it lights up and this
tearing myself right up it's a little
dog as well and this is my other school
bag and I really like this one
you just go like this and then this
filled up with other Wells this is a
joke but it's got nothing to do God
getting late now so it's time to make
sure to subscribe button
