Oh
my first time as promised and I cannot
wait but hopeful excited but I'm nervous
because I've been watching some videos
and mutual people I skipped it and
there's been quite a lot of things and
it looks pretty painful this should be
okay because I'm not too bad at roller
skating so it should be okay and a big
extra pair of socks because they're
apparently world's gets a wolf on your
feet
you
well
if your love with that was that was on
vibrate level hundred under lesson I'm
gonna say that's pretty good level book
and show you guys the carpels there's
only a little please stuff and this is
what is going to the black but I wasn't
very happy with it I want it more bright
red like my Egg Chair and this is more
like it
yes this looks and this is just a little
piece it's obviously going to be the
whole pulpit it's gonna look awesome
with the Egg Chair in here I'm also what
this is this is gonna be a massive train
of your stupid dress wait for that
awesome I'm gonna change it every like
hopeful trip how did you say this red
matches the a chair and really liked it
much but utterly old friend it almost
looks like brown I scared two lessons
and you know what they said so but but
so you know what let's finish the video
yeah make sure you stay tuned for the
next video on the future
Jonah and also make sure everyone it's a
kitchen but I'm you subscribe it's just
so relaxing hanging out guys
you
