hold on sorry excuse me
hello TT squad hashtag daddy swarthy
hashtag mummy squad thank you - I cannot
believe you won that challenge after put
in a full bottle of yellow food coloring
in your slime how could you let movies
win movie squad this is not right I
wanted to speak I'm ready for this all
three of us we commit the best line I'll
see when so you do to challenge you on
the nature one in this same challenge
yes
that all three of us were doing together
yes hashtag daddy's going well
hashtag mommy squad is in the lead so
far please don't bring it on come on
let's get the wrong one going well
well this is gonna be so easy to make
TTS one
one of these scores on that obviously
have you chosen yet why what was Britt
so what all this it's also a sugar yeah
it's obvious ready yeah three two one
well I'm thinking Oh ease up Ritter yeah
three two one
you two are amazing at this everything
how much food that's what you need to do
actually pegs up to and the washing on
the line I think to your honor as chose
what ah look in the ball when it's not
giving me any clues now I don't a glutes
and even for some support
what numbers it's not nervously you've
done very well so far I'm gonna continue
now we're looking at the TT squad
focused on the camera - this is not good
see they did all of your supplies in
North line you've got support all these
medians when you make slime did not
Weber's in the bowl
you're supposed to put in the bottom no
yeah actually comport as much as you I
can I'm gonna put one a reason that's
from now on then I can just what I
wanted
yes no I don't like that rule TT farm
look at you again anyway I just have a
couple to tink as well teaches one
comment down below it's not fair it's
cheap easy to put all the ingredients in
the bowl no yes no right let's do this
round I'm gonna get this one I've chosen
wait hold up this is like a person
because remember we have yeah glue glue
glue together now I have no further
analysis let's see let's see from right
you ready yeah
three two one yeah you know Chiana likes
blue yeah
only with the slime ingredients yeah I
just need to make sure I don't mess
myself anymore let's be generous don't
you pray to what round seven open it
slightly you've got a lot of ingredients
in there stop giving up tips cheating
girls stick together
girl power
is absolutely disrespectful
round seven checking your numbers so
this is what wise slime looks like right
now
well style ingredients and that's like
looks like no it's looking good
just like my school supplies it's a
winning Swami hello you're going to lose
you're going to lose that's all I want
to say enjoy being a loser Chiana don't
worry that's what dad was saying to me
and I won hold on a minute I'm going to
be thinking what your Tuesday hello
alright so I'm gonna be thinking what
you're choosing yes okay I know for a
fact that you want to hate this color
and kind of like this one no you cannot
do that no Tiana you've already sent
which club have you seen up as a she's
changing colors around I'm not yes
Victor closely has you got to split to
the picked a mob does she make contact
with her be dead and then did she change
it for another one no no no no
this is the caught it up and form
squeeze that's a record one squeeze full
bottle god spongebob style
Brown thanks yeah blue glitter right
obviously I'm going to go in this
direction
I heard the noise over top just me baby
say I'm shake yeah
three two one I can't see the thing you
know the rules your music you make it a
mess I'm supposed to be very cute I
don't want to over activate or over
terminate guys calm down then anybody
come on then Tiana it's obvious what
you're gonna pick you picked yeah just
put this it's easy easy
three two one it goes then it's slurring
time I realize it's your slang could you
over Seton food your slime so that means
it's not with the turn up it's like well
time will tell
look look at the prettiness of the
detail I'm gonna separate we do this
together right here we go this is where
the party stops you need a bigger bowl
tea yes all this is activating or again
- I wish I had in their own food :
some things is baking a cake yours is a
watery it's early stage until it's not a
flaw yours is like an accord in a bowl
it's not fluffy slime I think the color
of mine does edges it you can over still
see them get that space what you're
tucking your time now it's too late
you've ruined it good
what Wow okay
I know Chiana look the stretchiness into
the ground twirled fail mr. grand swirl
it will let me Instagram swirl you're
just sticking to your hands
rah Instagram swirl carbonyl okay hit
the block sir what you reckon guys the
best
what a mess so Jonah who's won the
challenge / - Tiana I don't think I won
the fans abuses of that hashtag that is
within the comments obviously in the
hollow obviously show up or Don ASM or
slime out that it's like a web guys what
we can
okay slaw removal
well don't say so mom's gonna challenge
the honor at the same type of video best
line challenge that's coming up later on
I don't think I can
you're all there's no need it's just a
loser a sore loser
hmm
