ha could see the amazing world of toys
and me we can make loads of unboxing
videos just like Tiana hop your way to
an accessory build surprise this is
gonna be so cool guys are you doing TV
squad daddy spot here and guess what
I've just found another giant water 6
ball balloon apple shape whatever you
want to call it I'm using this balloon
to prank more me and mom have been doing
some cleaning this morning in the pod
room so mum has decided to go and get
some cleaning materials she'd made a big
mistake she made a big mistake guys yes
she did just birds tweeting no problem
there so I decided to come up with that
idea of pranking mom on my own chiana's
at school it's got nothing to do Tiana
this is my prank with my balloon and my
roof
am i drop on mom I need more than offer
now I need more than half an hour guys
Andrey mom hello you still picking up
the cleaning products yeah okay how are
you gonna be because I'm thinking about
dipping in the gym for like half an hour
45 minutes then I'll continue helping
you when you get back alright okay
alright listen when you come back I'll
help you then you're the new gonna do a
lot
you guys know I hate ladders yeah oh I
think that's gonna be next doors I need
that so much my balloon Tommy if you can
see that Matt I need it to wedge the
balloon on the roof guys just told me
you can see it please right here we go
one two three was it there was it there
comment down below if you seen that Matt
on the roof let me know in the comments
down below
why they subscribed hit a new vision
bell and like okay
I need to see what it's like when there
is guys speak sure everything is in
order
back on the horrible ladders but not so
high this time doing the master
don't ask for the O's pipe whose black
time okay I know it's long enough
Spyke blend in with the scenery comment
down below if you can see my seconds 5 4
3 2 oh yeah
yes ah
Oh Oh
right okay
look at guys oh happy days I made it I
made it
right we've all serious leak now you
know why I needed the Matt guys the
pranks coming together now that reminds
me of a peer among time guys I'm on time
so yeah we're nailing it it's gonna be
epic
you watch mom's reaction she hates water
and guys this water is ice cold
ice cold water so we could call it an
ice cold water six-foot balloon prank
coming on mums are living in the pool a
few times that's how much she hates
water up turn the taps off I've tied the
balloon up and it's looking good oh no
way that is crazy guys so I'm ready set
I've got to turn the cameras on mum's
gonna be getting back any time now guys
so I'm going to quickly turn the cameras
on get in position and wait for mom and
it's gonna be on camera I've got to test
this giant green pillow out first guys
I've got to do a test
oh the sunny shiny the pillow feels
amazing
I just hope this is not a fail guys I
just hope the balloon don't pop as I'm
pushing it off the roof it just needs to
leave the roof all intact because then
it's gonna be more epic I'm just praying
it doesn't explode as I'm pushing it off
the roof that's why I did pour that much
water in it as the last balloon because
the last one was just too big
fingers crossed it's gonna happen okay
let's wait for Mom
I'm just gonna chill for a bit TTS cool
Oh 15 minutes later
hello there the best prankster is back I
strike
daddy squad are you doing down there
mommy yes that bug did you get the
cleaning materials yes good girl Oh
coming down to say allow tripod spy cam
you did a good job there whew and it did
you say it was the best prankster sort I
don't know what to say okay there you go
I'm good I'm going to do the outro on to
your honor's channel I'm feeling excited
don't forget to Like subscribe hit the
notification bell and let me know the
comments down below if it's a prank and
want again no please don't
ash tag horrible daddy squad best
prankster is back over and
yes I need to edit it for Tiana comes
own study squad let's break stuff oh
yeah
