you are not putting any more squishes oh
no no I'm not putting any squishes up
I've got another idea
what no come on I don't want to say
because I know you weren't help me I was
gonna come and ask you to help me I'm
not putting any squishes it's not
cutting squishes video so what are you
doing I want to print the honour with
them she's not at a prank for so long I
want to print your honor of the squishes
I seen the last night I didn't even know
she still hadn't this squishes left when
she was in the room last night before
she went to bed
I filmed her
and she was putting all these squishes
in the drawers again
look behind you I know you know about
this should hit them in a big box hid
them where in the spare bedroom in a big
box you kept that away from me yes I'm
definitely gonna prank a now then yes
but what prank
I want to prank - you're not because
you've seen what she's been doing just
lately when she's coming in from school
when - I know comes over from school
where they should go straight away in
the jacuzzi that's where the squishies
gonna go who she's gonna be doing a
giveaway
well not giveaway she's going out in the
public to give a match children will be
fine I'm sure they'd be fine I've got to
prank - Jana I've got to practice your
nur I've got to prank - Jana I'm not
even a part of this please I need your
help I was gonna come and get you to
help me to get everything together but
you just give me a scared I'm coming in
the room like that why did you do that
Tiana's Washington to find you no
squishy life is a joke just look at it
with all right guys John was at school
right okay yes a pharmacy arm is a
squishy collection again I never thought
she had any left so what I'm gonna do
John has been coming in from school just
lately and goes straight into the
jacuzzi I've been a snacks you keeping
the snacks in the jacuzzi
yeah sure that time well listen she can
have a snacks but washes over no snacks
- squish it I'm gonna join her best
prankster is to talk to you about it why
are you panicking y-you know our permit
no I need some money that you got any
black bag stock and put the squishes
head I need to put the squishes in
softly there's so many in that room
my wife auntie on his mom your mother
buried back here come on there's a
little pinky I'm not now come on anyway
you can't do it tonight why she's
announcing the winner on the hoverboard
oh come on guys shoot right at all we
can do that when we pray to your honor
she couldn't announce the winner on the
hoverboard giveaway after the print at
the end of abuses happening kid what all
this rubbish you've got that's a good
box the squishiest
can't believe I'm helping I'll hold the
camera and nothing else but an hour the
camera doesn't lie or involved with a
branch only holding the camera
swishes you open me come on there Betty
Boop do do doop de doop doop do doop
doop
did you squat it's part-time eons on the
way back from school guys it's gonna be
up in here very soon
wish me luck ash time daddy squad best
prankster okay this is the horriblest
part eyes sitting waiting to do a prank
oops 15 minutes later
later in the void I need you to film
it's getting dark I need to do it now
just finish the snacks okay you go take
John to announce your winner why are you
then we came up this clip to your video
I'm gonna turn the jet off because I
quite hate a there we go you sure why
don't you just announce the winner now
are you sure I know but you chill in
I've got the camera ready so we might as
well know yeah let's quick voltage of
the brake
Oh
Wow the ostrich if you couldn't be given
up to her that's what you said the other
day won't talk me about that but they're
on the floor and by the way you guys are
quite heated floor
so these squishies as you guys will
already know the light sponges they're
gonna dry out on the heath floor and
I've Shawna said she will be giving them
away oh yeah that one from America so
Chiana I know you did say that you want
to reveal the winner of the holo board
yeah so we do it you've already got the
comment you sprays already you said yeah
thank you so much for all the nice
comments recently and please don't be
upset
you haven't won the giveaway because we
will be doing more giveaways like boy
milking boys especially in December
which is Christmas and Christmas cut
wait and then was so difficult choosing
a comment but I've finally done it
are you ready drumroll please
oh my gosh Jason gone by the way it's
really smelly did you say me and now you
have a sumo anyway and this is also very
exciting I will be gone to a channel and
leaving a nice comment
congratulations live laugh play with me
Millie so wouldn't be horrible and now I
am on your channel are now going to be
commenting some things nice because you
wonder hoverboard and also can you
please put your purse permission to
reply to this because I will be needing
your address so I can send a hug when
but like I said I will be doing more
giveaways especially in December because
it's my birthday month and also next
week I will be doing another giveaway if
you don't know already it is on an iPad
and it's the same rules for this
giveaway but if you don't know them it
is subscribe to tours in the ante on and
put the notification box on and then
comment something nice for Nia
you said that earlier obviously get to
my dug back oh no no no no do you want
to know you can't just get me back for
that because that was more fun than
anything what really a prank was it he
was enjoying yourself for the jacuzzi
eating snacks okay he likes me still
you
