pop into the amazing world of toys to me
and find an accessory surprise Chiana
let's go we need to get to the studio we
can make loads of unboxing videos just
like Tiana and with loads of cute
accessories to collect you can pop your
way to an accessory filled surprise the
toys and me range out now I'm in the
mood to do this challenge challenge the
ignoring challenge we are going to
ignore Tiana all day 24 hours past what
I want to do
say hello to spongebob the challenge is
going to begin 24 hours ignoring Tiana
let's do it this last toast please
orange juice thank you
this ought to test this camera out to
make sure because the focus wasn't very
good on the camera so I'm just making
shorts okay yeah
our problems with it yesterday don't
seen that but at the moment though yeah
the zoom in is working okay it's pretty
good yeah yeah your focus that you see
you yeah I can see the planets and I can
see control traffic we're running late
you know we need to be there it's gonna
be important yeah
so this traffic's letting us down we'll
be alright so busy the roads are
I can't be late for for this day lots to
do today but it's very important for my
friends and stuff so my fans really good
there when you reveal it yeah we've got
that information on the channel very
soon so that worry guys will update and
let you know what's happening today in
the near future on the videos so yeah
well let you know soon about what we're
doing today its kind of top seed crater
they're moving we're going to a secret
location we've got to do some filming
and this film means basically for you
guys so the TT squad will get the news
and nor the information about today very
soon on the channel that right excited
very excited this traffic dies down it's
busy the roads off
is this some kind of a challenge a
hallway to the Mean Green I cannot wait
to see the TT squad my meet and greet
it's gonna be so fun what I like best
about the meeting Greece how you know
all the fun wire in the line with the
fans is amazing oh yeah daddy squad
daddy squad daddy Oh she'll be great and
by the way guys if you don't know about
the meet-and-greet there's a mean Greek
coming up on the 22nd of September at
Birmingham the bullring shopping centre
I've got my own merch shop guys all new
merch is gonna be there at the meet and
greet which you cannot get online on the
website so come to the mean green it's
no tickets come down and see me and mom
we're just can't wait to see you enough
some fun yep that's next Saturday and
Sunday yes Saturday and Sunday 10:00
a.m. all day Sunday 11 a.m. all day come
down and see us guys when we say all day
though we think around about 3 o'clock
yeah we all get tired side because we've
got lots of videos to upload on my
channel you know to do with me
angry so it'll be fun just come yeah you
know we always have fun daddy's got to
knit cuz I'm excited yeah so yeah so how
long we're gonna be there for today I'm
not quite sure what its gonna be busy
but busy day just I'm looking forward to
it though yeah so yeah but great so we
stopped off and this quickly just get a
quick bites me because I'm really
feeling a bit hungry
no seriously breakfast this morning
okay can we quickly do that know what
you saw there's a KFC just on the corner
Oh Kim I would I could definitely eat
some chicken now it's like a chicken
breakfast oh it feels like this morning
nope only up earlier didn't have much
breakfast yeah a live chicken from
breakfast okay so basically we're gonna
pull up enough some food guys and then
we'll continue with today's vlog then
okay are you enjoying the video so far
if you are hit that like button and
don't forget to subscribe for the
notification Bell on window I'll put the
window up here it's blowing in the wind
yeah cause I shut the window sorry about
that but I just love KFC nice chicken
it's the best so what you've been all
chicken wrap you up no I might get
I'm bright Emile maybe I'm gonna one
piece that you can one piece of chicken
yeah
you know what enough a zinger burger I
are seeing a burger for breakfast what
do you think that is yeah they're really
nice though and the portraits trolley
and a Pepsi meal yeah why not with a
Pepsi
and Senate system out before that I
filled in mine oh mine in yours
even daddy okay in the hallway I'm
sewing bread daddy order my food
I like the hot wings no they're too
spicy
look that so I can eat and drive really
okay we're better right then yeah so
before I go oh you're just tongue though
is this orange yours just wife stopped
at the light sprite a fry hmm we go
alright the time not see but puppies
died down away we go alright
this is tripod reticle
oh I so taste that is coming for a few
hours oh yeah busy day busy day ahead of
her
enjoy now oh yeah that's going straight
down the hole
whoopsie boom disappeared
the photos already late L in d'void mm
sorry about dies after a long day John
is in the living room watching Spongebob
so the challenge is going well she's
being very crazy guys son now I'm gonna
go in there turn the channel over watch
something but I'm gonna watch let's see
what your honor does let's do it yeah
today well this is not ready since a
everyone yeah tell him to stop stop
like this
oh this is so fun in this this video the
nails and all the decorate is still busy
yeah
something is leaving shortly right there
okay that's it
all right there's Jana okay
you cooked really well it's a bit tough
okay so Giada is them really well with
his challenge of a thing and to do ask
me to do this challenge the TT squad
comment it down below safety you do the
ignoring challenge but it didn't say who
to so others for well I might as well do
that so there you go thank you thank you
very much TV squad for asked you do this
challenge
I know I know Tiana's beating green in
Birmingham at the boring Samba Center
hold on a minute let's zoom in okay that
was a bit yeah there you go say what you
gotta say stop printing is a challenge
your margin is ignoring Dottie
guys do know are you gonna do the outro
I'm I'm gonna do the outro because I
know you've been on other top ties okay
I hope you enjoyed the video guys leave
a like on the video please and is it hit
the notification bell and subscribe
while you're there
24 hour ignore enjoyment now complete
