pop into the amazing world of toys to me
and find an accessory surprise Chiana
let's go we need to get to the studio we
can make loads of unboxing videos just
like Tiana and with loads of cute
accessories to collect you can pop your
way to an accessory filled surprise the
toys and me range out now Tiana Isla
mall let's do the 24 hour challenge
again now let's do it now in your
bedroom
what's some of that bomb still in your
bedroom I know what we can do them if we
can do it your bedroom I'll give you ro
box
24-hour challenge mi vector which is
downstairs as you guys probably know if
you've watched this before and guess
what I get and I get fun in Tiana's room
anyways comment down below if you have
enjoyed this video and if you have liked
it and he might still subscribe
I've done it official on and then you
will be the chasey squadron also you
might get to shelter
okay let's do this
all right then mum
blinds cool all right la TV tiana lights
blinds down
okay time to do the 24-hour challenge is
go to before did I sell did it give you
some rebels yeah so my news name is
encapsulated unicorn underscore big hair
I'll call no spaces and I've been
playing on it
and I've got some friends of its in
other that I answer and there's people
say I'm not John is always plugging
always plug in I am I can't wait to go
to Tiana's bedroom
let's go down guys tip-top I'm by the
way guys I've already arranged the
bedroom because I knew as soon as you
would be given row books you would agree
well you record what do you be saying
it's good died bedroom saw first right
I just you see the fridge up sports
cards will always be the fridge when
you're doing the 24 hour plumbers no no
you don't decide we've got the fruit
section going off we've got the
breakfast section going up Christmas
balls Rito Gianna and earth friends here
we go let your friends like your friends
liquor first liquor present
I'm sleeping here with my legs go well
you've got straight in your sleep you
can't abuse freed now so I'm glad about
that
okay look how much I've got now all
right when the gold locks we're gonna
spend some of it I can't sleep in this
room without flying Ariana there I'm
Shauna's jacket right there would be
dope move look it's right it's not even
bothered about the camera oh oh
okay can you need to fix the bad side
you need to fix your but I need to
arrange with stuff I'll do my job the
Dharma because I didn't see this room
being untidy just a few things on the
bed so right now it is quarter tonight I
would like a kind of fun too please I've
got my Doritos right here and they're
singing at me to be eaten very books
very box very box
I wonder what something quarter the TV
oh this is the snot every time I lie
this but I'll slip off I eat these
challenges at least we've just finished
watching their try not ten left videos
I don't know watching them for quite
behind laughs laughs mr. linear you're
testing your better it was uncomfortable
watching and funny videos there's a lot
of laughs and I was falling off the bed
flying where is it
that fluorite is got to go so now go to
place move em twixt if I knew you liked
you too much concave yes he in chocolate
to do it again oh yeah and if you'll
feel me - shut up - her just a bit that
bump steeping them there fool she's come
up the egg hmm I need to entertain
myself
oh wait what time is it it's everything
Oh what are you doing
mega pop box toys and daddy here only
pop one gonna do one by minute either
going to be doing a little challenge
there were both going to be stamping it
in this bucket of water when it's all
free she took the power frame
hold on a minute that's a fridge clauses
will we ever wash as well so I'm not
having a wash after you put your feet in
there okay then I'm they're gonna be all
sweaty after that as well because you'll
have all wet around the carpet or fluff
and debris from the 24-hour colors so
it's the first one to stay in it well
not the first one that whoever stays
that the longest is that like the winner
yeah all right let's see what happens
both feet yeah
okay three two one go
they're in the fridge I can't believe
they're in the fridge dump it in the
fridge for about 20 seconds listen what
we're gonna do about this flight because
if we open the door that means the light
was in the hallway the fire will go out
what that means we've not done the
challenge properly yeah so I'm just
gonna open the window to see if it will
go out the window because of that flight
tickles my nose while I'm asleep that
would have freaked me out yeah yeah
there you go
the fresh aim is beautiful come through
this window I thought the fresh air this
room is
what's boom god it's good that tiger
what's his name
random Tigger Tigger saw this flyer I'll
I've got a surprise for you look at this
cute Alucard there's always gonna be a
prank no matter what we do it's ten past
twelve now I mean I love them all I
never started to feel tired now after
all that I think it's pajama time I've
already got my meme and already on so we
have no Tandy so I'll go in there Oh
I just don't know if I can do this kills
why that water at feet in that water I
just don't know if I can brush my teeth
in feet water comment down below that
we've buddy you know did not see you
guys bought but water add some serious
souls in it it's better something up
brush your teeth anyway I'd rather give
that a Miss pajamas by the way now you
can have a sleep sleep yeah I knew you
choose my prank what's mom doing
everyday not of a fly I'll go sleep do
time job yeah just don't under the quilt
where's mom Oh 10:00 it's gone okay
goodnight my princesses no pranks in the
night sleep tight don't let their
bedbugs eight hours later
explosion in the morning what would you
feel like if you had feet in your face
in the morning at least you had a decent
bed or your neck chain
oh come on girls it's breakfast but you
need to put your feet in that fridge
over there because those in our face and
the home ding come on
ah bet again the output last time so
just fold out the gap Oh common dude
I've never do the 24-hour times you get
the socks look at this cheat who had
this for breakfast slow I leave the
middle of the night cuz it the left in
my bed put it in the fridge legal what
do you mean what's up breakfast what are
you doing you can't gap the 24 hour
tellers doesn't finish till you've had
breakfast she can't leave
