pop into the amazing world of toys in me
and find an accessory surprise Chiana
let's go we need to get to the studio we
can make loads of unboxing videos just
like Tiana and with loads of cute
accessories to collect you can pop your
way to an accessory filled surprise the
toys and me range out now something new
that we haven't done before which I'm
very excited today and today we're doing
the back-to-school switch hook challenge
which is going to be very very really
really fun so going to explain the rules
and then the base clicks on it
stop shut up basically the rules are
obviously the one bottle of good stuff
there which is related since back to
skinny box two boxes I'll have one
island would have the other so my box
could have like scented crayons in there
which is a good thing and then I love
box could have those normal proud of the
role of pencils which is still okay but
not as good as the scented crowd and
then I love what goes fast to peak in
half because she's young is your peak
and then took put a face and then I put
inside if I were to switch her okey so
good example
I've known you for a long time so I'm
gonna switch then we'll switch boxes
that see hopefully it'll be a good thing
and then put our things in the back and
then that's what we're going to be used
for back to school and also this is my
merch bike which I'm going to be using
what you can get at hot smash added
common and links in description down
below so my father don't wanna go
through school but they're very bad
things because we know they're in the
same class so things could be really bad
if you and I boring so is it over to be
them yes for your first round new
challenges but back-to-school edition
yeah not with food first round coming
off
okay pencil case a giant pad switch a
regular take school I wasn't sure that
you're gonna take school I'll just not
happy with this absolutely
I'm very very happy with this so I'm
gonna take this to school definitely it
squirts but there's nothing in there so
yeah yeah
I like what you did need in my much
bye-bye put the bees in that I'm going
so I don't think this is normal to me I
got to call my not the end few things
got the best schools just couldn't me
anyway even though on this way I'll show
like what 30 pencils
finish
so this is my master and that's the only
thing I'm gonna be using and the robe
actually and a pencil I know I got this
pencil case
a wooden pencil case with crowns a
sharpener which is wooden - I know what
a ruler and I got Tiana's nice punchy
place
yeah my I got am upset pink
now know
Oh
I'm ready
based on this chilly
you ready
I could borrow these pencils I loved
that will attend to school oh right put
them in my butt what rounds this then oh
really
might be the fun around the NIF is a
well it was in your box you'd have a
good time at school with that well Jana
you water bottle
now absolutely when will happen all
lasting the white clothes but then you
could just be like with the fuck's your
use blue tatianna
no no see you're commenting down below
that you took garlic blue tie
hello to play with boxes and a pen so
you get finished off packing your
backpack and making sure you've got
everything without the box so that was
the last round
I'm done here
that was me it's not blue is it
others joking I love this is the school
find it circling my face look at I this
gel pens and crayons pack I mean those
curls are cool and it's actually the
kind of art books just look the gel pens
on grip on them now I just want to get
one out feel what it's like
