online prankster Tiana hello titties
call and it's seven o'clock in the
morning and I'm freezing and I'm in
Manchester and if you didn't know a red
day I'm going on CBBC which is on TV on
Saturday Masha and I can't wait so we're
basically here right now and we're
probably going to look it soon it's
going to be awesome and also this is
exciting as well if you didn't know
already I'm doing a giveaway on a
hoverboard and an iPad first we're doing
a hoverboard so you could win the
hoverboard by subscribing and put a
notification belt on and then commenting
when you've done then next week I'll
pick up a comment like that and then
we'll also do the iPod in the building
as I choose it's not the one and
basically just getting ready so how's it
going toilet rolls that some random but
you'll see on the show
it's very big I'm you wouldn't when you
think this but it's really cool how you
get it into the extra place illiterate
people drag it in
I've never even pole which is regulated
and then it takes a just put back in the
boxes you let go and you like Charlie
and it goes everything
yeah you know I'm at placing clear just
in the rehearsals are all attached but
we didn't actually not that toy I'll say
set really excited to do the real thing
- yes because I like making mess
on a scale of one to a thousand how
excited are you to be our last week's
Pat's Factor theme wash off Rory charged
up the aisles with dependable Stanley -
not too precise score of 54 rolls
however it was Cheryl who still the show
for all the wrong reasons when she got 0
toilet rolls in the trolley leading to a
very well-deserved I in the face
blender gunning Williams is still
standing firm at the top of our
leaderboard with the massive 129 rolls
but can any of today's contestants beat
this the tension is too much let's play
pusher
please welcome Tiana and Jonah have you
been practicing oh yeah oh yeah Joe how
about you yes I have her shop a lot even
right you actually played this before
yes I was not good no you've got five
five items will charge you past it rise
hardened by US government showed again
last week really yeah miss completely
now okay I found out the rules okay Oh
celebrities must push off our jollies
all the way down at least think about
economies this tsveti line name is
propeller trolleys down a colorful
decorated pink chevron down all the way
to I'm not into special yet it's a pile
of 800 toilet toilet rolls into your
trolleys as possible for everyone role
equals one point in total you come
across this week that's minus five it's
your overall score but if you're lucky
enough to come across the golden
you're right here is +10 and not only
that is either of our celebrities get
the golden toilet roll this born in
every member of our mash up mom goes
home with a haka T donkey ray
yes well let's find out what trolleys
our celebrities will be pushing off
today shall we fully hey is Tabatha the
titan a fearless wonder of the world
with a shimmer that will fend off any
opponent
Tabitha's favorite member of Little Mix
is Jade true choice there truly B is hot
rod Gerry Gerry recently won the world's
strongest shopping trolly competition in
Prague speciality czar wheelies and can
turn sharp corners really well
Gerry can't see the color blue trusting
and fully say a Stanley of Stanley such
as that live Johnny okay okay you've
seen all of our trolleys bad guys Tiana
you're actually up first okay I can see
that you're excited you but a big grin
on your face what truly chosen guys good
choice good choice okay lining her up
there we're gonna count arena right in
three
alright sure looks like a lot of
everybody's slow motion there have other
the Titan with great aplomb hits the
two-ply absorbancy rolls top shot all
the brown is quivering is it in we'll
find out shortly
Osman
morning guys Ames and the crew
frantically trying to cover them up
Chiana looked like a pretty good Oh your
feelings that was cool I really enjoy
that I hope I kind of got along let's
hope it is let's come over to my film
make yourself at home it's new this well
relatively series - okay let's take a
look at an action replay shall we okay
looking at this in slow motion what was
going through your mind isn't better or
bullets than you imagined not confident
noises you've never done this before but
I've seen Jose why series and it was
rubbish okay taking a lot isolate before
we come to this let's go over and see
how our count is going shall we
there's our low who looks like he's
finished already he's very pleased with
himself
let's not let him pick up this part over
to the push sharply levar because some
particularly high scores this series
letter at the top with hugs 129 where do
you think you've come probably about 70
or 90 70 or 94 that's quite a joke -
you're not quite sure but somewhere
somewhere between us oh yeah well let's
see how you've done shall we I can
confirm there's no ground toilet roll
zero but there's no cold toilet roll
sorry guys it's still got one more girl
you never know how is it effective your
overall total tell you 95 then your
highest explanation it's always good to
see and I can tell you that's a very
good score Chiana
with inside of its car please do not try
that at home
I've got a question here from Isabel
you've got a question for Tiana don't
you how did you become a youtuber oh oh
basically when I was seven I wanted to
be a youtuber because I saw loads of
other people and it inspired me so as my
dad that night and he said yes and then
after a while after that we start
setting it all up and stuff and then we
just started he wants to be around so
people funds being a youtuber oh we've
got all of them in it
just think of the content oh they're
really really cool thank you so much for
bringing these in if they go missing
before they already know you don't know
who's got it in a really fun day on
Saturday mashup and it's all finished
now I'm going to do it now that Jersey I
bet you got on the bus show to me and I
hope a few guys that did see such they
mashup you enjoyed it so Stefan
really funny and I loved it and I'm glad
I didn't get slimed dad but you said I
work Jonah he was also it was so much
fun to watch
yes good time after the video
you
