ha could see the amazing world of toys
and me we can make loads of unboxing
videos just like Tiana hop your way to
an accessory surprise the toys and
today's gonna be so fun awesome and as
you can see we've got the mystery wheel
right here bigamous the flavors in the
street wheel I'm going to be doing the
mystery wheel of gloves slam I can't lie
but I do think I was gonna win
it's just lately I've been winning all
of this man challenges when she's in
this one Tony's videos don't you think I
know that
yes and before we start hair is it shut
up
and all you have to do is subscribe now
I just think this oh yes I'm gonna
explain what these means so there is
greeting the top which is this even
though it's blue others obviously wipe
their own order and a switch up which
would obviously mean we get to swap our
bowls with our the loves in or empty
balls
there's no tags right there's a pebble
one would just mean Papa loves pink
there's a red blue hmm well spotted Jana
what we're gonna do with this red love
them
Oh wreck think alright really you want
to keep what you've got them both
very boring minutes later
hmm all right it was go is it that easy
on us oh yeah you got switch over here
that battle is on this is a challenge
Cheers okay you've left the foam out not
pink so nice a lot that paint the vast
looking color for me is the yellow one
yeah a lot the look of the yellow baby
pinkish
the dog
well let's see what chloride it there we
go this is odd as Bix what do you see
you can't have you seen the purple baby
babble is all your books borax kind
takes a long time so it needs need a lot
more ups yeah you can kind of see did
you notice that jugglers got a handle on
it by the way I do notice a it's a spoon
at the ball
you said peach bees Jana yes that's the
way to use the job yes comment down
below what do you think of mine and also
I've got three different blues in there
I have got three Elmer's glue one shift
this would make really very big circles
and comment down below
hashtag Tiana hashtag hoses are
prettiest yeah and also I just feels
really sticky I'm SuperDuper thick oh
yes mind of the blue - I always think
this time I'm not playing but I do think
I won this time now I will mmm set the
TT squad this I as a mom
I love my slime yeah come down below -
you're not - tag ayuh
i'm the winner for the texture she's the
winner for the preaching this no I think
you enjoyed the video I love you
