I'm going that's obviously going yeah
and now part wire in ASDA we are
collectors and snacks and 24 hour
overnight salad in our bathroom snacks
just snacks first you need breakfast in
the morning and
Tiana sama but don't think that I'll be
filming you too all night I'll film up
to this evening that I'm gonna hand over
the camera to you just like that
okay shopping time
nice be healthy yeah
yum-yum-yum
oh it's a breakfast I'm going to have
certified am I going to be having some
some oh we've got to have some fun tips
I'll get the cooks for here I'll get ya
we like to be organized
are you doing what coincidence
do you live with birthday them nice to
see you
can I get a high five wow she's in the
teacher spot obviously there you go TT
squad hello
so Chiana is doing a 24 hours/overnight
challenge in the bathroom so that's why
I'll be getting some shopping right now
with summer
several section
yeah I'm an idea
I
nice
so I'm gonna get some Christmas I'm
gonna get these
okay so I've got my new bad guys right
here and they're going to talk about
this on the way you can actually get
this before I start to pack so it is my
match bag I got my pencil case and I've
also got a little notebook which will
come in handy I'm definitely going to
take to school and you can get them on
my website which is now called hospital
car which is awesome and it's also some
new hoodies on there antiquey shirts
link will be in the description down
below so that's cool
lads upsy-downsy yes multi-thousand and
Susan pencil case
so let's stop pack if you do like that
one summer I want for me and we've got
some slime yeah watermelon food yeah yes
so let's spots a pack summer
you've got your manager back there
you've got your new booty he's got back
so all right the foot I'm not gonna put
any food in there I'm gonna put things
like headphones in there all right so
the iPads are gonna go in here big
headphones really pretty I absolutely
love these headphones okay actually I'm
gonna have this out like that yeah
that's mom so want me to put your iPad
in here
yeah whoops and the slime glue is
actually glow in the dark so and
yessiree yes because we're going to be
in the bar yeah toothbrush toothpaste in
there
and I put the glue in here and also my
spoon
it's my spoon Warfare's seemed urgent
things can fit in this bad guys get
comfortable
cycle to my Samuel said I what do you
think guys serum shelves this is where
the crisps up and this is where the
Pringles are the birthday cake or young
new this is going to be our fridge
completely yeah in the bed that's my
side and that's Janice together
John between my feet yes and also there
is our fridge fridge summer Saigon has
love which we are sharing on one side
over there an India yes my gym and all
the robots isn't random but I also have
a jewelry box and a really tight space
like this one yeah this is a map there
is our heavy walls which never work out
wait I know there's a toilet around
there which is helpful very nice pajamas
name
the first thing we're going to be doing
as a gym workout
so right now the time is yeah it would
be nice clearly I'm hot great just blow
the doll I think it was already forming
yes they're alive it's already full
movie meets behalf of the buyer only
this does not take good low in the dark
yeah really yeah and I see how it does
actually going right if it goes if it
does yes oh I think I just owe you for a
bit
yeah I love it someone just see how good
the princess way actually wonder what
this little oh yeah immigrants were yeah
pretty was well try to Baroness there
are swallows yeah yeah oh so it's nearly
quarter past nine now yeah I'm playing
on not sir
I'm gonna give money me a shout out
again there's lots of people saying that
aunty are not robots and then there's
also people saying that I'm not but
trust me I am I my name right there and
it it have to electors unicorn
underscore BFF thought I am Tiana and
and that's my eyes doctor and I'm gonna
give my robots a shout out so it's right
there unicorn lover underscore two three
four five seventy six and that's my
mother
I don't have to get n different paths
you can see me Betsy
one hour later at least over an hour I'm
gonna do any time now maybe two hours
it's 10 past 10:00 maybe we should have
some Pringles or or ears or press that's
all yes hasn't look what we've got
yes so obviously we're missing a wedding
video wait what I think I need wha I've
seen some of it
nassim all event whether it's offer a
very long time but so one hour and a
half but let's just watch all
so much later that the old narrator got
tired of waiting and they had to hire a
new one
there what do you think we should spend
24 hours in that right now I'm not just
doing this yeah
porn is possible I might just like
differ judging is : a fridge in this
corner and also I think I've just about
put my hand up and shout out then all
you have to do is subscribe but the next
occasion well comment one year after and
also that will also get you into the TT
squad if you haven't already and you can
get some of the back school Mac yeah we
have like 7 million pieces left I can
only just about kick the speeding up
summers bold you actually had white now
I have from brown milk which is very
hard to understand what today
