hello didi squad are today with doing
the three color of blue glove swine
challenge and some of the people who
will see really fun because we've never
done this before
I'm really really so much picking one of
our girls fast that mean then the middle
yeah just like that and they're down
below right there and we're each gonna
have three and now it's got real excited
and they download there and dad put them
there so we could not see I bought
another secret oh yes there's glitter
there as well so you've got glitter and
glitter glues oh cool what are you doing
it's only a wasp welcome back the table
someone's going on backwards right now
you find to raise blindfolds right where
was you yeah was that way we left it
last after the little tiny wasp I paid
some oh good look some pretty colors
down below so basically some art you've
got to cut your string and then that's
the string what will reveal your bloop
oh yeah okay over to you summer you go
for the second string
hmm oh there we go
Wow
right then Johnny you need to get
another glue you can't get another
glitter good look good
no blue so yeah people asaba Jonah
customer this is another thing that you
have to do whilst you're obviously puts
in your glue and glitter thereby cutting
the fingers yeah they're below fingers
then you can't mix until you've got them
all in Wow I think I'm gonna start with
white because that's what you normally
start with you meet yes I'm gonna start
way with all the red oh wow oh my gosh
this is so cool I like - yeah they're
not a small bit so I just want to watch
it all come out I'm on to my next color
there isn't any slime in there and
nothing to catch it comes out ready
where I'm squeezing mine cuz it is
coming out Oh mine's basically gonna be
red it's going at the top I think I keep
I got all the finger tips in any way oh
wow this is that's a no surely that's a
No
I'm gonna go to my house to be twit
bad mistake dirty I know you not like
slime heaven but green is actually this
feels so good cuz all the glitter makes
it ready to think I'm big and blow up
normal please not that good but this
feels good ridiculous the glitter
literally I feel like I'm gonna make
slime
I'm gonna get mine out even though mine
obviously not ready I feel like mine
might be the winner actually I feel like
never won these 15 minutes later I
really like it it's actually is actually
really clutch this is yeah boy like my
my is bigger this is what we're looking
for in the comments any hashtags all
have touched on the squad hashtag T on
Scott okay
Oh
feels like a nice one
so guys this was so much fun
remember to comment down below me
well hashtag be honest but I'm
definitely not a shtick no I came here
to win before that's why I saved it
never Oh devil okay that's a little ooh
you came here to leave these boxes and I
was already but like you're flying
