to town to get my presents because we're
going to prank him and also when was my
birthday which was in August he pranked
her with basically the same thing
come on open your presents oh my gosh
what and he sure got me good and proper
they're all mixed up so I'm a very
boring plain cake if you ask me anyway
and I just I really want to tell them
one of these no you're spoiling no I
just can't wait to see dad's face Tiana
why do you put a candle of 64 on dust
cake
we like to wind a doll but don't make it
look obvious to you on if you see the
car pull up
are you nervous girls I think he's gonna
like his little prank yeah
so Doug thinks he's the best prank start
be it's payback time today's and two
girls yeah and we can't wait I don't
know - I know let's FaceTime dad got to
be careful though cuz you might get a
bit suspicious do you think you'll get
suspicious to come away come away that's
it then you won't know oh hi dad
happy birthday anyways it was wondering
how long you're going to be no yeah
monsters holding it no but we might do
but we don't hang it just won't sing
happy birthday to you and put it on
Instagram 1 minute 37 seconds later
right quick get the cake
get the cake tea or not you get the
camera all no is lower the car talk to
the gardener
see not take see things we're just gonna
film for Instagram nervous girl yeah I
mean I hope I do this in one go it's
these hard being very hard to do it all
it's because people a new thing
seriously
I bet you guys can't even see him but
you can see ya the Gulf this key and
then it's all can oh my gosh
no he's just walking oh my god that was
the garden back so many years forum you
might know you're gonna look cake cuz
it's closer oh yeah I've got never to
hide these cakes in the car well my gosh
there we go girls
so face the numbers to it start there
and you are missing
60 64 63 sorry between 63 yeah 63
where's that come from 64 TT squad he's
joking he's a hundred why did he just
blow the mouth I can twist on 64 but
I'll still make the wish candles out in
the house
oh cool presents I'm a big kid um no
let's do it in another order go for the
tube no this one this one this one first
I think you just love your present one
back
oh yeah yes on his birthday receiving
Barbie I don't mind Bobby Wow oh you
later okay
leave it on thank you very much
oh okay
let's move on something stop
yeah me be happy for the blue bag no no
you will understand on your Wow no don't
be so ungrateful you can go to uniform
this one Go Daddy squad Go Daddy squad
Go Daddy squad no you are you are going
to put it on it's your birthday treat
very nice
you are you made me do it on my birthday
is this like the red spring oh yes guys
you know on my birthday dub prank me and
I have to wear that silly outfit as a
bumblebee that's a woman thing women do
still that I can't do that people
love me I'm a man so you'll enjoy your
pineapple while you're in your outfit
they're yours
but you're not going to those yet but I
want you to go and put your costume on
please to open the rest of your presence
no well you're not opening your other
presents then and trust me you will love
them you're pretty cool in them I love
to work for the rest of the day Nadel in
d'void
yes let's do it right another one of
your favorites
I think this yeah make this island don't
leave me hangin out up big this thing
big fist bumps big please TT squad
thanks very much guys with the president
it's been so much fun I don't mind
having a bit of fun of my birthday with
this grass skirt and my bongos to the
present guys to subscribe hit about and
like enjoyed the video
that's all for today I hope you enjoyed
the video I love you all see you soon
back happy birthday daddy squad keep
commenting down below a happy birthday
dad not a birthday daddy's good just sad
