squat squat squat Disneyland Hotel and
it's so nicely
I love stayed here before and I really
like to everyone in Disneyland last time
I don't know what we're doing this time
but today's gonna be really fun because
we're gonna be hanging out with the
creators of Orbeez and the Orbeez girls
I'm so excited and I'm also really
really looking forward to Saturday by
meeting great and we've been about it
there are the details
I'm so excited and let me know in the
comments down below if you think that
you are coming and there's no tickets
neither so yeah it's gonna be so much
fun and we've got lots of other things
draft which are supremacist and then
after we've done all of our fun stuff
with some people we're gonna do our fun
and that's gonna be will is that we're
gonna move Oh salty honor so we're gonna
move to a different hotel you seen this
fire around this corner here why I was
rocking chairs I've looked at this fire
guys
is the coolest we're rocking chairs tell
us something it all wrong baby so to
what do peeps Naruto
so we've stayed in this hotel before we
came here last year received in this
hotel just amazing
we'll see what happens
Jordan them mom getting ready we're
gonna go for breakfast I think we're
gonna meet up with us at breakfast
which we all need or let me tell you
guys what happened - Tiana when we first
came here
see I know did not sleep on the fly at
this comp we just could not believe that
she would not sleep how many films did
you watch
she washed about three or four films I
say Tatiana go to sleep by 11 hour
flight guys Shawna would not go to sleep
so when we come to the hotel and got to
the room we notice Tiana was getting a
bit drowsy and what happened next Your
Honor we order some food and Gianna fell
asleep and the next thing you know I've
noticed mom saying to you on a wake-up
you need to have some food please you've
not had no food and shows eaten while
sleeping I mean let me just sit down to
explain this to you guys so Gianna was
doing this
I don't show that while you sleep in and
eat it was so funny I wish I filmed it
guys the first thing said was did we get
room service last night because I
thought I didn't have any food yeah I
was like yeah you ate pizza and chips I
was like wow I'm gonna sleep yeah one is
this is the pool area
and it's closed so many big slide to
which I went on last time but that's
when he was with Annabelle and the toy
freaks so basically when was here last
time guys let me try and point out the
sunbed our state was about the where was
about there that's where the toy freaks
was and we was in the pool and we just
noticed them lying down there on the Sun
bed and that was it so your honor in
that the toy freak wasn't informed yep
that's crazy ones hey there you go so
breakfast fine
they're like Mickey Mouse with whom
Mickey Mouse and his friends seriously
really
two sausages today this is what I'm
normally out guys this is one likes of
scrambled eggs
I'm gonna get to
that's a strange combination sausage and
watermelon
Gianna why are you hiding from Pluto
I'm gonna go for a hold I need to go for
hope so now I'm here with my friends
Kiki and there's gonna be really fun /
maybe I'm comfortable / maybe
comfortable sit down there is my new bed
our new bed which is full of Katies
things and it looks very very very
colorful and I'm kind of excited
how are you I'm like excited for like
nervous I want to see what what it feels
like
yeah the look kind of uncomfortable but
there's lots of pillows yeah you're
ready what is that
Oh cutie oh my gosh is cute I don't any
exhale weird
many do a cool anymore on it the inside
I'm gonna bury oh that feels so cool
let's you stuck I think you would oh
these are the six that you snap and then
we put them on our bracelet yeah perfect
I'm gonna use these too
okay so let's stop making outbreak six
hey so I'm gonna start with oh you start
with pandas cuz you're my favorite gonna
stop look at me don't this is a doughnut
are you gonna do a pattern or you just
can go crazy it's so cool when you snap
these so satisfying and they're already
cut so you can just pick them off you
don't have to worry about yeah oh okay
sure you doing like all the food yeah I
like them loves it up Thanks I'll do
another one
ruch tax oh this is so cool oh no I
think what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna put
it like a big cheesy six on here and one
on the other end
those looks a
hey I think this one's my favorite thing
you can get that
oh the to the yellow one in the browser
yeah we should make like of color color
okay let's set I'll just
well maybe not everyone wobbling oh my
god
oh my god I think it's Edith trees
this is bad
after having fun making this cute sticks
I'm feeling tired again he do sugar back
sleep
definitely
I'm so much fun getting buried in a kid
six bed it feels good / no I don't even
know but this next thing we're gonna be
doing is gonna make it all better and
also mention the statue on the tiara
Channel and toys and me for some more
awesome America California videos Jionni
put them a shot off for a while
oh yeah here's one right now okay say
yes for today I heard you're the video
love y'all see you want to clean up this
mess
you
