guys today's gonna be an awesome day
because today I'm making my first-ever
advert for my toys which are coming out
and first week of August and shops like
as the Tesco entertain us with toys
super stars really behind the scenes of
me and my friends making me effort
quiet on set take one action
so what's your favorite doing good and
we're gonna be good but all good that
work and again we good so we've been
looking after Tiana for the last two
years now and it's just amazing to see
that the days come where she's filming
her own TV advert with her own toys
we're in a Ford that when we went up to
Nottingham that time that we went and
saw this amazing girl was doing
incredible stuff on YouTube that the
unboxer is now having her own toys so
it's been an amazing journey like we
love work of Tiana she's just she's this
nice on camera she is in real life
like she's the sweetest girl and I think
with these toys that we've got she's had
a real influence over how the toys look
how they're designed you know she's put
a massive stamp on it because she knows
I think what what you guys love to so I
think yeah we're all super super proud
of it we can't wait till they're out
it's crazy that they're all in the other
room now filming the ads and it's gonna
be brilliant when we see it on TV but
yeah it's just been it's been brilliant
actor
it's me detect all right so it's not
each other is to start out with right
then as soon as he steps out the way
maybe I'll just say pop for you on so
you can do your action bit and then I'll
go pop when you guys can pop yeah all
right
three I leave it up to Tiana all right
it's been so much fun doing that advert
for my new toys and I'm really excited
for that love it to come out and here's
one of my friends and as one more he's
actually doing my name is Flavia guys
couldn't you remember when you're named
is three hmm I think there's three three
trees the BFT big friendly trees I hope
you guys will like my toys when they
come out in the first week of August
I'm so excited cuz I love them so much
what do you think of them so far I think
they're amazing
yes and I hope you guys will team up -
guys I'm so excited for my toys coming
out on the first week of August and
you'll be able to get in which tops like
Asda Tesco the entertainer as smooth
toys super stores and like I said I hope
you really like them because I love that
her toys are amazing you should love
them as I do you're one of the first to
actually open to honest toys aren't you
well very lucky then eh yeah I like
everything but my favorite is the car
yeah that's mine the power was call is
in there
what's his - did you see me try and fire
the pie was car not video I put the
battery was flattened le all gone she
filled up again
yeah sounds like a plan it was raining
on the earth but just a few drops but
everything's coming interesting and
here's my second friend whose ultimate
advert Ballard high and dad we found out
wave hits on my slide nice Lori we're
slime today why I'm not even on this
video I have not hidden any slime of
Tiana's excuse me miss TV advert lady
and you can you've got to find us
typhoid you see no review in the toys
like your TV adverts when you break one
three four five six seven eight nine ten
eleven twelve thirteen forty fifty if
he's a fool moments later radiata Hey hi
Oh how's easy that was easy one down
that's the easiest I didn't seek a boat
dishonor in these trees oh that was easy
the best
quick escape of already seat ever okay
there you go it would be for me the best
Ida see guys I've had so much fun doing
that up bet I'm gonna make two new
friends and they're so so so nice and
I'm actually really really really tight
start at eight o'clock and it finished
at half past six and I really really
really hope that you guys will love the
toys because I love them so so so so so
