and just have to top my head I'm just
thinking like these really amazing
pretty cool and stuff like that and kind
of my own now and I'm thinking maybe in
the future we could potentially buy a
house in the hills and live together
forever
cuddly yo beautiful people so last week
I told you guys about the Internet
citizens Roadshow start in Liverpool but
we traveled twelve different cities
across the UK we deliver seventeen
workshops and meet over 500 and here is
where we going now
so one of the best things about this
project is that we are traveling across
UK to twelve different cities and if I
can experience with all of our legs like
really like you know images the kids
first good for me because some of these
pieces I've never been this incredible
efficiently communicate on a variety of
different backgrounds which is awesome
opportunity I've learned a few things
and I wanted to share them in so history
things I learned about young people
travelling the UK and step down managed
I there's a lot about be receptive don't
believe the stereotype up north I really
like YouTube because I'm the kind of guy
that learn I'm like video things I can't
I find reading a bit boring I use a lot
for Bible for density you can find
someone on YouTube that usually that is
really good
may I have so many YouTube inspirations
like so many people have become by
YouTube inspirations just because of the
things they do is just so amazing like
and there's one of them I've been
watching his videos if you like source
started like making it with such an
inspiration saber and yeah it's really
glad to be on these road shows and have
at least someone who recognizes my
youtube channel me I'm the best
neither nobody it makes you so much
before that I didn't really think I
could express myself for who I was my
father all essentially that
suffer from an identity crisis because
you don't know what you're doing and
then like as soon as I sort of speck
family of youtubers who were just so
full of energy and they didn't care what
people thought seeing them for them it
just made me realize that I could
express myself in the way I wanted to we
were in Rochdale there were two two very
different people from two very different
backgrounds and we were playing this
game that facilitates a debate and what
ensued was incredibly interesting
yeah I mean you're targeting an ethnic
minority they're obviously going to feel
threatened
you're not just wrong on their does it
simply say anything bad about them
though yeah it's making a judgement of
the fact that I'm not saying it's right
but what I'm saying is are they actively
saying that just because they're from a
different country about things I work
with said that he types of come see me
like I'm not getting reviews Georgia
find all of them when you warranted you
- sighs okay I want to be back on to the
agent I want to be white you know like
everyone here is equal and we all share
this in sizes and orbiting the same
thing
like an adultery with the Colin I think
it's about comment but the something you
just turn around basis I brought it down
it's like I believe the facts
oh fuck I can answer the challenge
beautifully we don't keep not about the
customs online there is a stay on this
means we can share powerful opinions and
find a beautiful middle work or what
we've noticed as a result of traveling
the UK is that a lot of young people's
perspectives are formed from their
environments around them and that
becomes especially clear when you get
them in a space where they had to
discuss such topics some of the opinions
they might have what's the difference
between ATM with them at home reading it
whoa it kind of like it's really
personal but not isn't that personal to
me but it was really like personal like
it's attacking
as people recipients or of abuse like
that how did it feel to be prophetic
maybe they don't actually agree with
abused but because I have a social group
who have such views they start to
internalize reasons for not only these
people they are learning ways to face
the people that in demand opportunity
sophistication you that's powerful I
really feel like the biggest cure to
alleviating or curing or learning or it
says little being in the same
environment having a face-to-face
discussion with people you never had
dogma unity to me and what's amazing
about this project is that we're really
really bringing together people from
different corners of the country really
fortunate to have really sensitive
conversations with each other and
you know what comes out of as a result
is really eye-opening for a lot of
people not just the kids but also for
the for the for the team involved okay
she's helped us to just go back to your
country when you Mario Brothers and how
does that make you feel having to say
that will read that well so how I am it
was like wow I can feel if you were a
young person reading that how do you
think this year I would feel that you
know uneducated and ignorant and they
need to go educate themselves because
the more homes I think it takes for you
to actually get to know people free to
realize that there isn't that much
different at all if I saw your mystery I
probably would come and talk to you but
no I don't we do it exactly that's all
point in this space right though what's
interesting about the on those spaces
that people feel a lot more comfortable
to see negative things about each other
you really beautiful so tell me was
there were you expected to be honest
right doesn't matter if ujin's in the
back it doesn't matter if you just
behind me okay was not what I expected
better your seems like a ray of sunshine
it was funky interesting tool to make
new friends and meet new people as well
as regisnet yeah bye guys Pacific
open that door for me love open thank
you I will discard it
remember that like the levels go up I
know about am lig ain't having it is
like we both never determine have you
open the door for me Bravo do i matter
yeah don't worry Dixie we don't they
don't respect how did they don't respect
Hanuman he's old I'm near Birmingham
just finished and with my boys how was
it big bird Brad Pitt or Jerry charging
culligan but yeah nice little bit and
Henry everybody I'm just no one cares
Henry fucker
Oh anyway one day it's gotta be no no no
you know one day Henry is all day in his
I count another day is good to be I show
my love but being quite mean the people
I love emerge but all I am so mean to
people I love you are welcome to the
world where people ain't afraid to be
jealous where it's like you're weird if
you ever act in overzealous inspiration
files of mom when I'm hanging with the
fellas watching politicians leave but I
saw when they
so from the same shit just remix like a
cappella I just wondered spell it but
they stink so much adieu so I'm wearing
glasses because we know that six dollars
you're a liar and I hide myself but I
wanna make a big deal
don't what we'll do training oh my god
it is readable so there's no emotional
service
we just finished learning us and learn
our way back to London and then preview
thing the next location oh yeah that
Rochelle life-changing my my one
weakness bags in the next episode it's
the last day of the roadshow in London
it's a mixture of emotions of the team
processes at Wells but we pull out all
the stops and sure we end on a bang and
the kids have the best time well the
kids are excited and it could be more
Gathol if only we had like a more
established famous well-known youtuber
but I just can't think of anyone I would
be around have Knology where are we
going to find one anyway just do it out
I need to find some they are really
settling in to plan for my life then
adieu though I can't think of anyone
