hey welcome to my personal space whoa
whoa whoa whoa this is my youtube
channel hello welcome in my personal
space
a show where I like to change them again
your show can you do that again
hey guys but within my personal space a
show where I like to invite guests in a
really small and awkward space and have
even more awkward conversations can you
like stop doing that we kinda yeah so
YouTube channel and how do you see what
in the ass no you're definitely ha ha ha
ha please people actually cooking
seriously on there that's my formula so
i can do whatever i went berlin had the
change in location do you want again so
we have to use her personal space
today i have meal and farooq she's a
friend of mine and she does some lots of
interesting we used to be friends i
don't know her real relationship we had
together actually like it's been a love
hate relationship I mean it was
professional relationship first it what
kind of relation relationship exactly it
was a kind of a mutually beneficial yes
okay it was there was a high-riding
contrary wish so we used to work Sonia I
founded the company ha it's very awkward
for you I guess she founded a company
and it was a very flat hierarchy there
was no pasta 3d we all were had equal
Authority yeah that in the place
seriously Nadia was the biggest prank
star like the biggest prank in the whole
office and everybody know you guys know
I had but I never had my man close to
you I can tell you I really like your
memory hi Nadia
hey nice to meet you what a nice
overflow was a large area hi guys hi so
I mean um I have 27 years old I'm from
Germany Bowen yeah I'm an actress
and video blogger and that's what I was
doing for the last 12 years I guess so
yeah what do you think what do below her
video game okay
you are you feel like an actress first
and foremost yeah I do when did that
come starts in 40 years ago when I thank
you oh my god so yeah what's your latest
source a little strong I'm a police
officer for five years now in German
series like comparable to CSI cool and
we have slow collected oh I need to see
it I'm senior Kevin have you taught me
aside lacking ones the day I was
supposed to see it
I was me Syria I was really ill I had
like I had like herpes
yeah in my heart of course from oh well
that's what this friendships are called
I'm like feeling too much I know
you can watch it on youtube if you find
time for that
and I'm energy ID O'Neil am is a
big-shot actress in Germany and she's an
incredible actress and and you know I
stirred a balloon I used to dabble in
high school what we're going to do is
want to show you the intricacies of
acting and the skills involved so what I
thought is that we would actually put
these things over our head and we would
act with the rest of our body to convey
emotion okay okay really Charlie so
Napoleon on telephone again like I said
over tell Michelle open we arrived on
the crime scene okay
you're showing I'm Watson yeah good I'll
kind of turn 3q1
actually I don't know I don't know
Sherlock what do you think this is a bad
bad crime scene yeah don't know what
possibly could have happened here wait I
have to go into my mind Palace and find
the right solution for everything you
know what I mean Watson what happened I
forgotten my pipe
you did what I got my plate what can
please how would that type help us now
Neela finish the sentence yeah okay no
one appreciates me but one day I'll even
the school by winning the Oscar
I wear a couple that can worry about
really child's mind with telepathic and
and I've just cheated on you and I come
home out along their work and then you
find it hmm oh my gosh what's that fuck
what oh my god I'm so sorry
yes you would how did you even it was
this way yeah what is wrong with you I
probably wouldn't see like all of it
first time we even you touch yeah yeah
electricity yeah yeah there your phone
burnin and my parents so my dad is from
Pakistan with my which might sound
familiar you and your mom is from Poland
Sonia and I apart on you both of us but
we're probably the worst half like this
one yeah that's true do you speak Polish
oh yeah I do hey trace legislation move
more museums are special movies are
clever Solanco yeah what he said Adams
nerdy them I'm gonna need him for public
John just post it post it below in the
comments do you know what she said
because we don't know it's just what
you're saying is trying outside do you
seek or do not really white wires are
because my dad was too lazy to teach me
did you ever robots are fun I wanted to
go
do you remember I wanted to go with you
last year but we didn't make it Byron
what I thought it would be a really cool
idea
if we run your dad and you said a couple
sentence in London that we prepare okay
Abu mine okay my dad yes I know that's
what it is
good good job album you back five that's
what I'm with Daddy words money machi
kiya Magnum a chick is okay cool my
magic I had um no orders actually a word
it'll be oh boom anima chica a or mu j
PR who get calluses hey okay okay hope
he picks up because
I really want to know what it is okay
pop up there we do not know mother
they sada okay so YouTube when did you
start YouTube almost seven years ago and
why did you stop when I was acting at
the beginning I didn't have like a lot
of jobs and so I had to came up with
something and I found this YouTube world
and I thought it's very weird because
they were like people filming themselves
and I had some experience with cameras
with anything so I thought why not start
your own thing and that was basically
the reason just because I felt like it
might be fun
what was your favorite video that you
guys ever I'm tired of a video which
element did and that's the Opel Series
in Sweden and I really loved those
videos that what are your favorite
videos I was in those videos yeah does
it have something today we always like
pros and cons you know so so like the
pros didn't have anything to do with the
fact that you had like a tall charming
British accent young man on set with you
2007 that the reason why you you just
yes cause you to changed totally
back then it was interesting if you came
up with new stuff you were creative you
were able to try things out and now it's
just about trash and bullshit to
basically have that kind of impacted the
kind of videos that you make mmm yeah
the views especially because I said I
don't want to do this video so my
numbers kind of dropped and I have to do
with it but it's fine well I started to
realize that there is a like a big
distinction between already for me and
I'm no I'm nothing I'm like tiny but
that I have to make a decision about
what I decide to make public and what I
decide to make private out of your
personal life yeah yeah so did you have
any distinction yourself huh yeah how
did you do that I do it all the time and
so I keep my parents out of YouTube I
keep my very close friends out unless
they come to me and say I really
be in the video I keep out religious
stuff and political stuff to the point
where I say I don't need to put my voice
up there but right at the moment there
are a few things where I think I should
say something and then I do it if I use
something I instantly know is this
something I want to put out there or
just keep it for myself I need I'm are
you thinking what I'm thinking yeah this
is what you were thinking oh oh
Nealon do you sometimes feel that as a
youtuber people don't take you seriously
yeah I'm going to use this opportunity
to say that we don't we have an
interesting relationship
we don't usually say nice things about
each other and and I was thinking we
could we could use this opportunity to
say something that we we liked and
appreciate about the other person I
would definitely wish that you be more
organized I didn't think you don't so
quickly yeah because that's it like I
always wonder how he survives like I'm
concerned if you cross the street that
you get like roles by car that if I give
you my key for my home I never get it
back I'm pretty sure I won't
so you're very all over the place like
27 years and never met someone like you
well you never told me before and I'm
shocked about how fast you are to that
question no that's true ask me ask me
what I change about you and what would
you change about me nothing the way I
like to usually end these videos is a
sort of embrace between person and one
office to support maybe we could Wow
no I was just kidding yeah this is the
first time you've ever hugged in my your
life thank you guys for tuning in to in
my personal space with me laughs Thank
You Mila so much for coming to Germany
thank you for joining my for me thanks
so thank you for tuning into my personal
face I'm going to leave you with the
wonderful new laughs and she's going to
conclude the rest okay guys thank you
very much for watching my new format I
hope you really liked it and write me
comments who should be my next guest and
yes subscribe and follow my Instagram
and everything and and thanks for
watching thumbs up subscribe yeah
subscribe subscribe that's great boy my
channel to my channel don't even know
