I have always wanted to do this
I always wanted to do that I'm in Berlin
I come really quickly actually about a
bunch of things to do I have a birthday
I'm doing a couple shoes repairs I have
come meeting so really short Pacific
trip but you know me I love the city so
I'm super happy to be here and it's
Christmas the best time to be invalid
after I did that everyone's looking at
me like who is this weird brown guy and
I airport's that's never a good idea I
like to keep on the low in European
airports for obvious reasons
okay you have to explain what we're
doing today shooting video at this
beautiful venue where are you are we
burning City nikon f % yo yo yo yo a
music video for a music video for a
beautiful track or weapons by by me yo
wonderful Pope okay every neon vocal
she's what her she's wore her microphone
us in the face nigga what's the temple
Hubble felt is that an abandoned Airport
used to be the old airport burden when
they were separate entities in West Side
but now it's completely abandon its
proper public park is one of my favorite
places about it
you're doing a really good job Neal good
a really really party
we very much
to see oh man it's so cold but that was
a nice surprise wasn't expecting that I
was just expecting breakfast with some
good friends but ended up in a rap music
video
yo guys we're in Nikon and we have a
really cool reason today so today I'm
meeting Jean Jean is a beautiful
designer she runs a company called
exactly so we don't have a meeting now
and she's really cool really really
amazing product is something to love
Yoji Cerritos we thoroughly planned that
yeah the flat the flat looks amazing can
you show me around but work is getting
well yeah so Leon is like one of those
overachievers who's done literally
everything at the age of 23 and makes
someone like me feel like I've
undertaken life she don't have the world
right and you're so studying as well
fashion brand and she like modeled for
like three three years yoga teacher
I'll allow people
so this is where I used to sleep I used
to sleep right there Philip my
ex-colleague boy so like an elephant
before has changed into his office which
is sad because some good memories were
made there but he's gonna tell me what
he's working on you know so I might be
going to Austria for the New Year's and
Philip and I were thinking he'll be
there as well
and we were thinking why not just film
some cool stuff in the Austrian Alps
which I would love to do because it's
like my favorite place ever I'm like the
worth Brown guy because I prefer like
cold snowy climates as the first Leonia
and I were having dinner and and I got a
message on my phone someone had asked me
if I was safe and I was confused because
why wouldn't I be
and then we checked online and there
have been an attack in Berlin and we're
just watching the news now we came
straight to our friends Phillips house
to watch the news and it's currently
nine people have died and only 50 or
injured it's never it's never it's never
nice to hear these things but when it's
like some where you live and some where
you feel really like attached to it
makes it feel so much closer and we were
just chatting amongst ourselves how
messed up the world feels right now and
you get messages Lupo they found a guy
that was close to where it happened and
they're finding out of him if it was him
somebody described the driver and
because of the description that I wonder
about this you know how does that work
how can they really find someone because
if I was the guy I would just say go
hide somewhere or I don't know what's
even wise it was you're in Christmas it
was a Christmas market with people young
people especially children are enjoying
themselves at FM music
and there is no justification of war or
something like this I know there are
like untold tragedies happening
worldwide but okay cha-cha Chico
I love a bird's behave yourselves then
don't do anything I wouldn't be so
embarrassing
oh yeah that is definitely not for this
Philip does not work out nice good one
a scientist at the airport I just want
to say something really quickly and
that's with the regards to the Berlin
attack you know I started many to build
something really positive that we can
imagine a better future together despite
your race religion ethnicity foreign
problems or tragedies like that happen
it makes you feel like well then you
might have taken one step forward you
have to face two steps back and there
are so many atrocities in the world that
make you feel like is what you're doing
the right thing to do in a world where
you just feel dwarfed by by how many
shitty situations there are death and
children dying and war and destruction
last night I was feeling pretty down and
I slept on it and then I realized it's
moments like this that you just have to
keep plowing on it might feel like
demotivating or you want to give up or
or might lack inspiration but give
yourself some time and get some
perspective because it's moments like
this that positive beautiful spaces are
very necessary and there's a lot of
disenchanted people right now feeling
super super overwhelmed by all the
emotion and hurt and suffering in the
world and it's moments like this that we
need to build and build bridges and
create together and do incredibly
inspirational things and bring people
worldwide despite all their issues bring
them all together and do the best we can
so I was feeling demotivated last night
but now I'm feeling even more inspired
to do what I believe
is needed right now through Benny but
yeah so
let's just pray works out and I can help
a couple of people
