I would say that I've always been really
into it with Who I am and being very
comfortable with who I am and that
allowed me to express myself in the way
that I do I'm a black sheep but I'm okay
with that
you always know who you are and you know
what you're standing for I think going
up around the world as I mentioned it
allowed me to not only appreciate other
cultures but really appreciate my own
and knowing its significance and the
person I am as well
Sharon I'm a visual artist from poem for
Malaysia and I'm currently managing
director as well of everyday studios
which is a studio I created to have to
be a platform for Art and Design in
Malaysia
and I come from a really big family of
four girls and I'm I'm the third I'm the
middle child and I think in a way I've
always been the black sheep of this army
I've always just been in a world of my
own and that's what my mom always says I
had imaginary friends I was tell
everyone like stories that I need AB so
I think from a young age I really
channeled my creativity and my
imagination and I fell like because I
always was like supportive of my family
and no one ever told me like you know
hey stop being so weird that really
helped me be comfortable with who I am
and be comfortable with like my vision
and what I can give to the world I think
that's been really important for me to
just have it's okay to have like a
different mind that's okay to see things
differently I think as long as you're
called like comfortable and confident
with that like you can take your ideas
and you know you can run away with it
completely I'm currently venturing into
a budget I shereena which is a clothing
brand that I'm exploring traditional
about tech as well as Indonesian
birthday the reason why I started with
birthday I think I've always had a deep
appreciation for it growing up around
the world
I was quite so close to my culture and
my roots for a while up I think a lot of
young people aren't like weren't proud
of their heritage weren't proud of being
Malaysians being the way so I think it's
nice to see the shift in the mentality
of appreciating our culture as well not
necessarily at people couldn't
appreciate their culture but they just
couldn't envision how they could wear it
every day something that's usable
something that's really diverse
I can't we just need an example how they
can assimilate it into their daily lives
everybody's actually went off and unique
so you'll never have the same one as
anyone else especially fast fashion like
everyone where it's the same thing like
everyone generally dresses the same way
so I think I wanted to have Malaysians
identity culturally like mimic the fact
that our budget is one-off the fact that
our culture is so unique as well it's
just nice to see the positive side of it
which is a new appreciation especially
by the younger generation um I think my
words of advice for any creative out
there who wants a push idea their goals
and their dreams is to always know who
you are and know what you're setting for
and Malay we call it like your new yacht
you like your intention so I think it's
really important to like establish your
intention like why you want to do
something or like and make sure it comes
from a really genuine place because I
think especially if you want to do
something for the rest of your life like
you need to be happy about you need to
be passionate about it I mean it has to
have a really important place in your
heart I think it's a lot easier for
people to pigeonhole how they think
someone is as opposed to actually
putting in the time I get to know them I
think a lot of the time people think
that I'm this like feminine small girl
muslimah who is artsy fartsy of course
like art is my escape but another
physical landscape I have is sport I
need to exercise I would say everyday
and right now my current obsession is
foot self
a few years ago was really difficult to
find just people to play away the euro
girl but now I think slowly the culture
is increasing and women are like
encouraged to play and encouraged to be
more active encouraged to take up sports
which is a great thing to see it's
really easy especially as a woman car
people to think that you're one way
women are not just like one side and you
could be like a multi-faceted person and
not be restricted to anything just
because of your gender
wait go ahead go ahead go ahead Benny
Benny Benny we have to do that we have
to be that good
