police are coming we have some sirens we
saw someone taking a picture of us and
we got side
yo you're probably wondering who the
hell I am and that's a good question my
name is Nadia um and I was living in
Berlin for the last year and a half as a
producer and I had the most amazing time
I was really like doing cool stuff
meeting really cool people I was
travelling law so many good memories
perks of the job I think I look better
than the ghost
now I'm back and I'm back in my hometown
of London and the plan is to create some
really cool shit
you know I never really used to like
this kind of stuff even when I watch
this whole kind of logging thing I used
to think it was reading that myself
admittedly but you know what's wrong
with the world so many people take
themselves far too seriously and and and
I just look funky I don't care what
people think this is the platform of our
day and it's a way of me to kind of show
you day to day how I go through this
whole new process of my life just gonna
be so awesome and I want you there with
me all the mistakes and all the all the
things I learned I want you there with
me too so I will tell you more about it
the reason I came home is because I want
to start my own company now to give you
an a long story really quickly basically
the idea behind it is to are using
digital content to kind of protecting
issues of like misrepresentation culture
identity
look I know it's super vague but idea
behind this whole kind of vlog process
is that you kind of come along with me
through the journey will be a lot more
interesting and also I just don't like
talking about ideas I prefer kind of
doing them it's creating really cool
content to kind of shake people's
understanding of what it means to be
especially when you come from a
misrepresented community actually my
first video comes out on Wednesday and I
know I'm super nervous about it because
that's when it's real that's my shit
goes down because it's officially
started I can show you a better
looks cool right
okay I'm like super late now I have to
go check my friend on the roof and I
will see you later
my taking me to some Hayley place but
I'm not too sure what to expect but oh I
went to the roofer Tamar I was just
expecting it to be like it elevates that
that went up and you were on the roof
like there already but it wasn't it
wasn't we walked out onto the roof and
there was just like massive fence in
front of us and just to give you a bit
of context I'm Mauro and is this a
parkour athlete he jumps over fences for
a living so I'm just like what the hell
am I supposed to do this guy does
parkour I don't
so yeah just like that just like that
but you know like I'm not I'm not the
kind of guy to shy away from a challenge
right so I was like I can do this I got
this I don't like blowing my own trumpet
or anything but I smashed it yeah just
like that just like that that's it after
all and let it slide down can I just
jump look like a baby easy it wasn't it
wasn't easy
amazing so fucking cool we do this kind
of stuff all the time we meet up you
just hang out come up here
do whatever that's awesome I love it
it's a beautiful side of London you get
to see or anywhere around the world
of course it is
like it so came and then you kind of
feel your body just swaying oh it's too
much it's too scary word I'm not about
that life guys I'm not that guy
yes
okay so the reason the reason Mars
brought me here is because filming that
aids in that video that kind of video I
kind of want to launch many on and we
needed a rooftop so I called him with
the always knows the coolest what can I
get some I'm not scared of heights
that's just that's just crazy these
three of pro parkour people at least see
anyway we get there and then some more
of his parkour athlete friends are there
and they're like they're like doing
handstands and stuff on the roof and I'm
just like this is crazy
oh I mean I could have done it but like
I didn't want to like show them up I
mean this is like these guys jobs right
forget it
never I never do that
it's Tuesday
2:43 a.m. and I'm glad to say that I
finally applied finish the video that's
a lot and I just have so many feels
right now seeing your upload you can see
it yourself
can you see yeah it is ed of Benny
uploading I've been really big up until
now and I'd love to clarify at least one
thing for you I want to keep a lot of
things like under the covers but this a
dessert video means a lot to me I'm
quite emotionally attached to it and
there's a reason for that and the reason
is the best part of two months took me
across five different countries it's
full of people who are wide dynamic who
are creative who are powerful and in all
of them every single one of them is
reclaiming their own narrative that's
what this video is about especially when
you come from a community that is talked
about constantly but the people who are
being talked about have no control over
their labels used to describe them if we
could pick our own labels what would
they be and you know what I love most
about this video is not a video saying I
love me like I misrepresented like you
know I'm really cool I'm just like you
it's not these are cool people doing
cool shit these are people who are
incredible and they deserve your respect
I'm just sick of this whole kind of like
we have to fight to be respected and
it's about time that people started
giving them respect if they do but that
is why I really feel like this video is
poignant it's important and I'm really
looking forward to people seeing it and
I'd be so touched and honored if you
would if you would watch it and you can
have a look and let me know what you
think
I'm so glad like you guys are joining me
with it I hope we have many of these to
come but I'm really grateful for your
support anything you can do like it
share subscribe all of that please
please please do so I'd really
appreciate it and let me know what you
think of it even if you don't like it
let me know but it'd be nice be nice to
me love you bye s processing dun Dada
Dada Dada Dada
