I wants to ask if you know any any cool
people
anyone that's kind of pull your eye yes
Danny Daniel you have to meet her
yeah I'm odd and peculiar whatever it is
it's Danny Kuala Lumpur is a haven for
me outside of London but a difficult
political or social climber is
increasingly polarizing the people in
the city the Malays have been brought up
not to ask questions it's a big problem
despite being caught in between opposing
extremes of society bursting into the
middle are a generation challenging the
status quo
this city is a rich canvas of creativity
and I want to discover the distinct and
unique ways young people are bridging
the divide
I wanna wake cool oh yeah that's right
good morning
yo folks so yesterday's shereena told me
that I have to go see daddy
Welsh Amina I'm a grown-ass man I don't
have to do anything trying to tell me
what to do mm-hmm it's just that usually
sharina's right about these kind of
things so I probably should go see Danny
just don't tell her all those things I
said before let's just uh keep that
between me and you Danny is a Kail
creative working in fashion design and
visual arts
she has become a famous and recognizable
person in the Malaysian Street scene for
her uniquely individual style
alternatively known as the bucket hat
girl I've been told she receives a lot
of heat I wanted to know why she told me
to meet her in this shady area outside a
thrift shop where are we now where we're
now where we now
right now it's a bunch of shops quite
big agency Sonny I've never seen you as
happy as soon as we entered it did not
take long for things to get carried away
and you're like that's expensive to
pound wow this is me everything she sits
up in like five minutes
struggling there
No the bucket is the describe good
reference
I see on
so there was never a moment so you've
always dressed with you boys been with
so do people ever look at you like
negatively for like what you were I
can't blame them because I've been
through quite a lot as well
and you see a movement in general get a
lot of backlash for the way that
especially if it's different and I do
get a lot about this is not a job what
are you wearing this is definitely not
the image of Islam are joining support
this is my way of you know my if my
family members aren't against me I
my
I don't see why I have him down myself
my being for people who I barely know
for me this is how I do me
and if people don't like it then stay in
your lane freaking love bundles like I
do a majority of my shopping at like
Trisha shops and blah blah blah but
problem here in Malaysia is that I am
paper akin giant and none of it fits me
it's all like two sizes too small for me
it'll cause the average height of people
here are like a foot less than me so I
cannot buy anything even though it's
sweet you're making very good and I
think you'll be surprised at how things
can turn out when you actually give them
a chance as long as they ugly but you
never know I found what Danny said that
to be really interesting and it made me
realize that she was ruffling through
these unwanted and misunderstood items
of clothing that maybe it's a reflection
of how she feels about society she might
not be understood or fit in as we
understand there but people like Danny
can be pieced together to equal
something quite uniquely brilliant just
like she does with all those unwanted
pieces of clothing
after we finished at the store Danny
decided to take me somewhere she likes
to go when things get a bit too crazy as
she needs to cool off
so data what is it about the eyes that
you love the luck
a way for me to escape reality
just me in the ice do you remember when
you first when I ski
my mother
all the way here
my friends and the first time everyone
hated in December meeting instantly knew
that I come over so is that like an ice
cave in its really see all these kids
from different backgrounds come together
the best part is most of them have
something to share
they're so talented in so many ways the
sad part is we don't have a fat Solaris
gave me like a safe space to the beat
people like my dad
things out there that they might be
doing so you think daddy's good I'm
gonna show you the extent of my skills
daddy are you watching
that wasn't good our dads had
she said 10 she said 10 after giving me
a quick lesson and finishing her warm-up
Danny and I sat down and she showed me
some of the comments she receives you
are a disgrace you should post more
selfies and less weight off your lucky
operate if you are ugly you look like an
insane plus what you're doing is wrong I
hope you get you shouldn't be doing you
are a disgrace but when she reads these
Danny only knows one way to react I
really do want to prove them wrong
here is a talented and impactful young
woman resilient as she might be the
negativity would inevitably consumer is
she alone is there anyone for her to go
to anyone to support her through the
challenges you face
she showed me that I could be much more
than just what I thought I could have
and no one gave me that until I met her
Serena
