Watson Hannah Beirut wanna bury Abby can
generate Langner lip nerve Attica Lou
Jean Lazare setup magnet when our best
news
listen
la gente Armen Aronov owe me a bill for
my school and namana module
man oh man second man in issue an
economist lyrium our best neutral
impartial singing storforsen grandmother
sob did them
well I Sarah birthday after the Simon
legend Sir Ian Phil Mohamed Al Attar of
the party
observe the congestion after we finish
up together each animal
but little man
we're gonna be out of us
Oh arrives arriving now
and the car is quite recognizable for
everyone it Susan as soon as it comes in
he beeps and they all recognize the car
and they all start preparing to hand out
the meals it's a weird feeling coming
here do you feel an immense sadness but
then you see the smiles and start lunch
Philip you have no life conflicted
emotions definite 15th of June 2017
I arrived in Pacala Pernod during the
month of ramadhan the festive month when
Muslims around the world refrained from
eating any food or drink from sunrise to
sunset a few years ago I had the
incredible fortune of living almost two
years of my life in the sham region I
think back at this time and all I can
remember is some of the best memories of
my life rarely had I witnessed such walk
that was metallic see from people before
neither had I reveled and bonded over
such a deep and profound culture it was
a life-changing experience than me at
that age and I'll be forever grateful so
when the refugee crisis blew up it hit
me like so many other people really hard
and whenever I would hear conversations
about it I'd get frustrated about how
undignified these conversations were it
was almost statistical people were just
numbers but this Ramadan I happen to
arrive and
to visits our and aid organizations
supporting Syrian refugees and thanks to
sour I hope to remind myself and others
of their dignity and that they are so
much more than just numbers
cebause head no just woken up and we had
a great day yesterday an amazing day and
I'm just looking forward to getting back
get him out to the kitchen and seeing
some of the other stuff that's happening
so much going on that we need to get
started straight away refugees really
miss and Ramadan is the food that they
used to cook and that they used to eat
in Ramadan now unfortunately most of the
organizations including ourselves at the
time we were distributing food baskets
so in the food baskets you'd have like
some rice some sugar and this is not
what Syrians were used to like Syrians
were known for like the most hospitable
community like the biggest beasts ever
so we thought about starting a community
kitchen yeah this is crazy there's stuff
happening everywhere just like organized
chaos there's so much happening there's
so many people everywhere so I'm trying
to have a serious conversation that is
pretty funny mine
I'm here with Sauer an amazing
organization they are about an amazing
friend of mine but I'm they're here to
help they're here to help the refugees
and feed them every day the people 5,000
years the amazing thing about Sauer is
that they empower the Syrians themselves
do the work themselves it's one of the
most disempowering things about being
someone who's displaced is that you you
have to accept how come other people
sour they really kind of focused on
about we enabling them the empowering
people
see the love and the community spirit
when she do give that much energy so I'm
spending the next few days there you
know especially in the last week from
harvest to get up holy time for me I'm
grateful I'm already making
I'm getting really competitive
I'm conservative booted novi Ramadan a
eunuch lat
yeah rednecks and and ambalika party
lacunae Nutella with sodium carbonate
sodium yeah I have to introduce you to
the man behind gorilla I love it ain't
no on the sidebar there you know an
anime apothem caramel cannabis are doing
and this is how it started a few years
ago we started with what 1500 people the
first year the second year we doubled
that we doubled that and this year it's
six thousand five thousand to six
thousand persons per day that are being
covered so now they're packing packing
up all these work food and they're
getting ready for distribution and
they'll send all of these packages to
other mohei and all the tents where all
the refugees are ours are living and
that's almost about 5,000 people every
single day that's an untold amount of
people that they are delivering to their
house people are it's not like a soup
kitchen here it's not as if people are
coming and they're giving them food
the core values of seller are like
dignity self-determination ownership and
consciousness and these are like the
four key metrics which we measure our
work so how is the signifying is their
signifying the people that we are
working with well when you have the food
kind of reaching the person to their
doorstep and not having them comment you
to get like a soup kitchen you know you
know what I mean like reaching it
reaching them to their very house when
you're employing people in the kitchen
from the community allowing them to have
an income for Ramadan when they come and
see like you put from the kitchen with
people from all over the world working
side by side all of them wearing the
sour jacket like no difference between
them it's a signifying ownership do they
own the project do people choose what
kind of food do they eat or do they
receive just the food baskets do they
have a say and where we're distributing
or the way that we're doing things one
of our main things that we think about
in sawa is if we leave this community
what's gonna happen so one of the things
we're thinking about is how to make this
work more sustainable how to make the
community kitchens all year round not
ominous all serene that you
Emily McCarthy I can and I'm Joey
McCarthy Ramadan can it out with a Louie
bit about the tux i N
yeah a little
that my dear mando Poudre I knew the
optimist erection Ramadan yeah Mary Jo
Ramadan and who will assess who Johanna
the southern myself I remember one of
the tents of this fine with fine man
and you showing me around and he's
cooking and she looks massive and so now
this is exactly example of how to make
something beautiful despite all the
difficulties
you've made like a garden and it's like
recycled other things that you can
around him we have a fountain there's a
swing over here forget that you're in a
refugee camp this is nice to see that
despite all the bad things that happen
around you you can build a know people
heavy a breath I'm alone heavier little
bird you fly we double for absolutely
right no an alien and then so what you
first realize when you come in is the
kind of proximity of the tents so I was
speaking to one of the doctors and one
of the concerns is that there's no clean
air coming in if you see the tents
there's no windows all right and they're
all in terms of Hygiene it's really
important to get fresh air coming in and
out of these tents
a lot of these kids a lot of these kids
by breathing like dusty-ass it's really
important for them to have fresh fresh
clean air that they're breathing the end
there Sharon and demoness the offical
rule him she and Arthur like taken after
she air was up Johnny had I don't know
harder and she had who I am cause I said
I tell you wooden the hell on earth
as fulfill my hat the sugar mafia as
with him Matt Lyman her we do little
hell I don't know Judy maybe a
leadership concern sigh a new module
CARICOM best man a man
so just write home smell food already
a smell was cooking kitchen Joe massara
until not result in what 30 Joey
who optimum a higher bottom visit
tomorrow playing darts and pretty sure
he's lying okay
this is 41 I'm gonna miss the most you
know hanging out with these guys man
first was here yeah you see my van
help me a jack lability and so we sat
tonight singing songs from better days
reminiscing but my time in Lebanon
reminded me that despite any difficulty
it up my comma away we have an
incredible ability to overcome and
persevere reminded me how beautiful it
is to have a connection and love in
community around it reminded me that
every human deserves dignity has a story
to be heard they are more than just
numbers these are real lives histories
and families they love and they cry just
like all of us
so this Ramadhan I'm grateful to sour
the Ramadan project and everyone I met
for reminding me of these lessons I hope
whatever festive period you celebrate
see me feel it too and I need Lebanon
feeling nothing but true love these
people who have given me everything
despite having very little for yourself
which is the way though
