hey guys in special cell-fate before
this video starts I just want to let you
know the mesh yourself t-shirt has
finally launched it's only available for
two weeks so go to mesh yourself calm
down the scription and get yourself a
t-shirt okay and if you're a kid alright
and you and you can't afford a t-shirt
go get your mom to buy it for you
alright for Christmas or something
alright if she doesn't do it she
probably doesn't love you oh hello
everyone how is everyone doing it is
mesh yourself there and today ladies
German we are gonna be reacting to the
video some a videos like this before
where I've reacted to sad short films
because for some reason all these Asian
countries like make these very sad short
films and they usually like these Asian
companies alright which sort of used
like tactics to make you sad to make you
buy their product okay so today we're
gonna be reacting to some sad short
films which probably only a man less sad
but they're trying to make you sad
alright so let's see if they're sad okay
okay alright this intro is pretty sad
honestly okay this first short film is
by some Indians okay it looked pretty
sad no animals were harmed in this film
they were treated with love and care no
don't tell me it's about animals okay I
don't give a shit if people die okay
that doesn't make me feel sad but the
second they start hurting a poor little
dog okay I can't take that shit okay
okay so it's an independent film okay so
it's probably gonna be pretty bad okay
especially miss made by a bunch of
random Indians okay so we have a man an
Indian man at the bloody park okay she
is sitting there how's it gonna be
bloody sad oh oh my goodness oh yeah so
sad is in a biscuit oh no it's a doggy
no no no no
no no no please what's gonna happen to
this doggy no no don't tell me that's
real no no no please tell me this isn't
real
no this is so sad just talk actually for
me oh man this is sad okay this dog is
so happy okay but he's got no legs do
you think this is a trick that this dogs
learn or he actually doesn't have
feeling on his legs I think he doesn't
look so sad okay okay oh no these bunch
of Indian guys oh my bloody God why they
bring me to this doggy people see the
dog limping alright and they just stop
picking and poking sticks at this poor
dog okay what the shit Indians alright
this will happen in like the Western
countries okay Jesus Christ the dog
wants a biscuit you came a biscuit oh oh
my goodness it's so sad it's a biscuit
thank you alright at least this Indian
man is being nice to this dog alright
I'll give him all the biscuits man it's
soft sad oh man this is kind of sad okay
I don't want to see no dog that can't
walk oh man alright this Indian man
saved his life Oh oh he's picking up his
leg no don't tell me don't tell me that
he also has no feeling in his legs you
are look at him he's getting up
all the dogs following him oh it's
following him ah this is so sad I got
bear this I can't bear to see a dog that
can't walk on OH
and there he goes man there he goes
going for his walk walking into the
distance oh my goodness is so sad okay
so sad so that was the first short film
that we acted to okay it was just like
they probably just found a dog that
could walk and then just started filming
it and this thought you know let's make
a short film out there all right not a
lot of the not the highest production of
a short film but it's still sad to see a
dog that that can't walk okay okay all
right anyway let's just move on all
right let's move on to the next short
film no oh man discount 50% off man
they're poor and this girl's like oh
yeah you're gonna forget all the
discount stuff all right you can't
afford that oh oh get something special
for grandpa oh look she's gonna go by Oh
is that cake ooh yummy cake for grandpa
oh no this guy took a cake oh she's like
big the gig all right shouldn't even say
thank you she just took his cake and
then ran Oh peach cake for $28 wait whoa
oh no she can't afford this okay oh no
she's only got coupons oh no oh no it's
not enough you have to put the cake back
oh I'm sorry
oh great
okay struggles okay oh this guy's oh
okay let's see guys cake
alright so Evie bought the cake oh man
it's kind of sad when you can't afford
something at the store that is just my
childhood in a nutshell
oh he's gonna give him the cake just
just take the cake alright no reason
well you look like the cake for he's
doing something nice we're talking about
well well when I was seven when I was I
don't wanted to buy me okay whoa Oh No
and then she's like oh no and I have no
money for this shit cake we didn't have
enough oh poor kid can't afford the cake
cake and his old man is like I will buy
cake for this this kid okay he take
money give me cake I will give cake to
stupid boy happy birthday kid happy
birthday I didn't know his name even
know his name I never got a chance to
say thank you Oh forgotten about him oh
I never forgot the man that you the man
in the queue
now take the cake as a symbol of
thank you okay naega babo
then we have the money repay you well
just take the free cake why I am so
proud proud proud of their up or
themselves all right they don't take any
charity man almost me little buddy yeah
okay the grandpas in the wheelchair oh
it's his birthday this is my favorite
how could you afford this cake that's
why you can ask she would not expect the
money huh actually okay for the nose yes
my address
I'll be the money back to you oh the
same thing happened to this kid and I
bet they run the same thing they wrote
the same thing okay and it's gonna be
something really sad okay this kids like
thank you sir for this cake oh man he's
like go son
enjoy that cake happy birthday oh it's
the same guy
why it's the same guy who helped them
now the same kid is buying the crap oh
okay
it all came around
what what a beautiful what a beautiful
short film ripple okay oh man so sad
okay oh so sad okay that was a really
good one okay
I mean kind of kind of pointless but I
mean I think we should all you know help
our fellow human alright even though we
don't know them even though they're not
friends or family you know there's
nothing bad about you know helping
random strangers especially once in need
okay so next time you know you could do
something nice for someone do it because
you never know it could come back around
and help you what a beautiful short film
okay guys that one was very sad oh my
goodness so beautiful so goddamn
beautiful okay these next short films Oh
inspired by a true story
all right so these next short films are
from the Philippines Joey my Sunday
listen closely
listen I'm listening borrows pick up the
rose petals on the floor Scott Adams all
the way to the dorm on the balloon and
said have to be red make it a dozen oh
so happy oh ok so those kids like
picking out flowers and making what a
meal joy the chicken joy nothing but
dies don't forget it's your mama's
favorite wait what your mum's favorite
food is this dirty-ass Philippines
chicken okay don't tell me this advert
is for chicken oh I get the bouquet of
flowers oh what's happening how is he
sad he's like making dinner for his mom
with the chicken and the mums like I
think this advert is actually for
chicken like no joke
oh no the mum comes in gives them his
hand as well I think that's what this is
is it's about Valentine's and chicken I
don't know how this is don't know how
this is sad wait where's the dad
wait I just realized
that we're all you know he's in hospital
Joey will be your Valentine's Day date
oh oh so sad oh geez oh man you to be
happy very much oh my goodness all right
for love that never ends I mean yeah
celebrate the joy of love
jolly be chicken wow this is how
advertising is done in the choked this
is how advertising is done in the
Philippines they these chicken companies
make these sad short films so that you
go out and buy the chicken apparently
was based on a true story that's some
mum loved chicken so hot so the dad made
her son make a Valentine's Day date with
chicken okay I don't believe that's true
story anyway all right it was kind of
sad the fact that you know you're alone
on Valentine's Day
honestly actually not that sad it
honestly all right the next short film
ladies and gentlemen okay it's so sad
find out what moms hate the most what
their kid being stupid uh their kid uh
you know hurting someone oh oh she's
dirty
what's so funny you know mommy hates it
when you're dirty right why did you get
yourself dirty Oh
Matt so it's gonna show these mothers
with that dirty kids don't tell me you
played like that again
what's with the mums caring so much oh
she's so cute
what did you do you pee no what was that
all my goodness oh my good Oh No so sad
all right yeah what's the big deal all
right kids get dirty all the time
I don't like hitting when people say bad
things about her
it hurts me as a mum wait what have you
as a mom really why do you care watch
them have a change of heart the breeze
oh is this a club this I just realized
it's a clothing washing clothes adver
okay let me guess the kid got dirty by
doing something amazing okay
and the mum's gonna be like oh that is
the reason why you got the dirty
now I understand you a good child I love
you okay congratulations we doin a good
job
oh is this old man with a wheelbarrow
always gonna fall I know he is oh no oh
no he took the plans he couldn't look at
the daddy he's gonna get dirty
come on little kid alright save him I
mean I know this is obviously fake and
fixed because the kid just so happened
to be walking by and she's like go and
help him out help the old man she Stoke
you
they gave her like white shoes in a
white shirt just on purpose just so she
would be dirty
ah she's so shocked even though you know
the cameramen are just pointing a camera
on her face why do you think you're
filming the short film ah
all the kids helped this same old man oh
he's so cute
oh he helped him with the pots and the
think this girl
help the old man go oh man she's so cute
oh I am so proud of my daughter she
helped a man oh what's the dirty oh oh
oh he's so cute
man I would help all right if you saw an
old man you know you would help I feel
with most people help I mean it's good
that these kids are helping all right
kids are so innocent man
I felt like an adult wouldn't help and a
kid would you know oh yeah so I you
helped this old man okay my daughter she
is so happy
now she's older a B she doesn't care she
doesn't care because all that matters
that she helped this old man okay and
now we've got the proud mother do you
think your mom will get angry when she
sees you like this maybe I know she'll
be angry but I'll just be honest that's
good all right you helped an old man
okay that's what happened all right high
five okay some dirty-ass old man thank
you for ruining my clothes okay okay bye
another mom's gonna be like man my child
the kid with a big heart she's so proud
and makes vitamins do everything we
taught him she didn't think whether I
would get an ad she just course of
course
so your child has a good heart
I was expecting that when I saw him that
he I thought he was being naughty but no
no I saw what really happened why is she
crying all right is it really is it
really worth crying about all right oh
now you hug your dough your son when you
found out we help no man but before you
were like get the way go wash yourself
and you saw the old man take care better
why were you crying because I really
thought you were just being naughty but
instead you actually helped someone oh
and that is how these Asian companies
you know sell their products by making
these short films it's about Brees okay
yeah go by Brees because you know kids
who use Brees you know can wash their
clothes it's just dumb okay I see what
you're doing
but it is kind of a cute short film I
guess while we celebrate the happiest
time of the year there are people who
sacrifice and work tirelessly to make
this season special whoa okay oh so this
is this a video dedicated to all the
workers who work on Christmas
oh man during Christmas season there are
so many people having their gifts
wrapped I get a little sad because I
don't get to buy gifts Oh yet I am here
wrapping everyone else's gifts ah man
these days the most close a lot later so
instead of spending time with my parents
and my brother hey right I'm working oh
it's okay all right it's hard but I do
it to say thank you for the sacrifice
sacrifice is okay we got Lester I'm
working hard to help my dad because he
can't work anymore
oh man it's kind of true though we kind
of be like you know we we we don't like
appreciate all the people we know
working the jobs that we know we
probably don't want to make but like
these people are doing these jobs
because they need the money to support
you know their own personal reasons so
you know you guys should think about
that next time you talk to someone that
works in a store or something you know
he can barely stand or walk eyes poor
dad and since I started working I could
not spend as much time with my family
oh man and it's Christmas and everything
it's hard to be a waiter during
Christmas he's got the night shift it's
Christmas and I don't get to spend time
my family oh man
make you someone we have customers who
come back so we gave back by surprising
them with a Christmas they deserve
oh is this a coca-cola did coke
coca-cola you're praying on the side
okay all right coca-cola made an advert
all right trying to make people feel sad
just just so you buy that shitty drink
all right so this woman brought a lot of
groceries which she has to help oh they
brought all these gifts to gift wrap
them oh I know what's gonna happen
they're gonna give them this stuff I
know all right they're gonna give them
the shopping they're gonna give him the
the gifts what is the weight again no
that's what I want to know oh okay is
she gonna order like a bunch of food oh
she's gonna order like a bunch of food I
mean this guy doesn't this guys are
gonna eat all of this food so I hope
that I'm gonna give this guy just the
food Oh Merry Christmas
yeah
thank you you're welcome
ah they're actually yours Merry
Christmas go enjoy those gifts okay oh
she's crying they brought their family
there oh okay that's kind of cute
actually
everyone gets screwed ah man and he was
sad because he didn't get time to spend
with his family now look at him eating
food with his family
thanks to coca-cola man coca-cola
alright I thought your drink was really
shit and really bad for you alright and
we give you diabetes if you drank too
much but you know what putting all that
stuff aside alright you're good company
all right because you just gave three
random people in Asia a bunch of stuff
which probably cost nothing compared to
the price that it took to film this
documentary okay pay tribute to over
15,000 people to make our Christmas
special Thank You coca-cola
gods are now they're just having family
meal let's say all thank you to our data
Heidi to Moscow ah coca-cola
what a beautiful advert where coca-cola
you know they had a marketing team and
they thought you know let's you know
make people cry in order to buy our
product how sad and how cute okay
honestly like I see what you're doing
coca-cola right and I hate you for it
Jesus that was dark
okay ladies German I'm gonna end the
video there that was me reacting to sad
short films if you want me to do this
again which you guys probably will
because you know like the videos I did
made on this before what she happened
watched go click them you know there's
such funny videos like I think they're
probably the funniest videos on the
channel alright my funniest reaction
videos anyway so yeah go watch them I'll
probably make another one if this video
reaches 20,000 likes
either way though thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you in the next
video
buh-bye
