so ladies and gentlemen it is Jason if
you do want to like the video in 10
seconds I will come to your house
tonight
at exactly 3:00 a.m. and slit everyone's
throat you goddamn pussy offs how's it
going everyone in this measure saw fit
today we are playing Friday the 13th
killer puzzle now this game is actually
a puzzle game based on Friday the 13th
okay and usually measure self does not
play these types of games on the channel
because it's not that interesting but
they do have a story with this game and
some of the Deaf animations that Jason
does are very cute and very cool so sure
let's play it they were warned now they
are doomed
we're going back to Crystal Lake guys Oh
1984 at Camp Crystal Lake twenty years
ago a boy drowning Crystal Lake because
the camp counselors weren't watching
them oh no in the following days they
started to die one by one
oh look the Crystal Lake massacre they
were murdered by the boy's mother Pamela
Voorhees oh no oh my goodness that she
is counselors cut off her head to stop
her now we're son Jason stalks these
woods seeking revenge for her dad wait
then you drown as a kid oh no baby I'm
not telling it right what level of Gor
would you like of course I want to rate
your dog oh my god I bloody hid his
bloody head for the a my game is to move
your Jason around and kill all the
people in the camp so if I drag him here
oh no Jesus Christ he just bloody
combust it okay now we have the final
kill time
do a special attack kill so wait for it
now stop the bloody belly another level
now huh oh my goodness GGG okay so we go
right and then we go down then right
then up then left now it's time for the
final girl hey I'm Jason I'm gonna go
right and I'm gonna go down and then I'm
gonna get a kill zone baby
very crazy okay now level three out of
the woods Oh No okay go down and then
let me go right then up then left then
down then left
god dammit man I've smoked so much weed
tonight okay I don't know what's going
on the final go gonna kill you that's
what's goin on baby girl right from
behind and level four babies go down JC
could be any weapon well you kind of
trap yourself in a corner you stupid
idiot so but then we go up yeah well
again he ran to a corner so well Vicky I
had so much to drink and I know
dad shut up picking your bitch okay I'm
gonna kill her I'm gonna kill up and
bloody shove it through ha ha you picked
up such a good job sweetie
okay this is my mum with with only a
head okay thanks mum okay give me the
blood loss that means I get to kill
people more I think colour man well the
cheeks it's a bloody box is this a ball
ball game I'm pretty sure this is I'm
playing on my PC a flashlight do we get
to do new kills with a flashlight then
okay how am I gonna do this one right up
right down left up right and then down
oh my god oh my god oh oh you ain't go
running anywhere bitch boom here we go
here we go we're gonna kill him
the first bites no good now you bloody
exploded all right first one go down oh
she's dead then left
oh okay then boom it's gonna kill him
Jase it's gonna kill up Oh
bloody bloody chest or a level seven
baby oh no here we go we're inside now
down right up left up right that's right
a dead boom oh no oh no oh no oh god
damn Savage
time for the final go now disgustin okay
new level oh okay he's right literally
right behind me be careful around the
lake Jason you're not a strong swimmer
shut up mark I can swim okay okay well
Jason can't go in the water cuz he
drowns okay all right suppose far enough
but I left all drown
but if I go up all drown if I go down
I'll drown it but all right I'll drown
our shit left he could just stop running
okay he doesn't have to fall off the
bloody dumb ah shit okay so I can't kill
him yet I have to go left then up then
right then down then right then up
flying ball here we go here we go here
we go
300k and I care about shitty boxes we've
got a bloody hockey stick now sure I'll
equip it ok so right down left up dead
right huh oh here we go here we go
oh okay oh it's metal and the stick but
okay ah through huh bloody head here we
go baby down then we can get him the
condo is bloody entire point with a
hockey stick look at how many people
there are to kill now I'm gonna go right
then down oh oh okay she burned that oh
no I'm burning okay
I'm allowed to go on the fire pounding
Jesus okay this time don't go on the
fire go around it okay then go up then
boom
oh nevermind he died - why they keep all
right - the fire what dumbass people
death oh these people are idiots alright
okay I think they deserve to die to be
totally honest fine oh boy here we go
here we go here we go Jesus Christ hit
him with that bloody hockey stick okay
so go down but she's now on fire but now
I'm stuck because I can't go anywhere so
I meant to go right and then I meant to
go up then then down the left then down
down like fine oh girl baby right let's
go let's go
my still learning three Oh a new weapons
was this was this guitar that's what he
asked what Jason would do so we first go
left
oh and then that woman just went and
drowned then up then right then down oh
oh oh I finally let's get him let's get
him oh oh my god right on his bloody
face oh here we go baby here we go new
weapon oh my god a bloody claymore sword
or the last level now okay mummy let's
kill him once overall doing the first go
right then down then left then up then
left then up then left then down and I
drowned okay sorry my bad oh I did oh
you trying to swim swim oh no oh my god
what's happening oh no don't go back so
don't go back to shore Jason's waiting
for him don't do it don't join it no
don't do it in the leg place shot him
with a bloody harpoon look at that for
us nah it's okay we did it - we did
level one
we've now unlocked the bloody prison
I've unlocked Supermax Jason oh no Jason
boys is found guilty he's in prison it's
gonna be Saints to the death Oh
dead man walking they're putting him the
electric chair
he disappeared what bullshit he
disappeared and now he's gonna kill the
prisoners alright let's go kill the
Scarlet or killer ok I got arrested well
in that case I'll go left then I'll go
up then I'll go right up then BOOM Oh
God here we go here we go
okay now this game's an actual puzzle
and I have no idea what to do
to left then up then down then right
kill this guy then go down then right
then ah oh okay I don't have to kill the
policeman or in that case I'm not gonna
I'm just gonna kill this guy
Oh shove that knife inside of him okay
are we're in the bloody rooms now are
these holes gonna kill me
oh no oh six feet under why is that
random holes in a prison are people
escaping from that hole I think so okay
so I can't kill him from up I have to go
right then down then left then up BAM
and now I can kill this guy how am I
gonna kill him oh my god all right
coming in oh my goodness we have to do
it in six turns so poop kill this tile
then go right then up then left then up
then left
and then run out instead up the left we
can now kill em boom up let it slide
move it off and here we go here we go
here we go okay so we go up then left
then down then right then up then right
then down oh and then you get scared and
then go all the way there kill him now
we have the final convict and oh my god
shovel his bloody neck all right take
out these guards first okay and then
this guy oh my god oh my god I love
these kills they're so cool should we
get in there okay did it wrong so I
first need to take out this guy and then
go up go to the right then go all the
way down and kill this guy oh I still
did it wrong okay I have no idea to do
this so give me a solution mummy oh oh
wait what the hell okay oh oh oh and
boom with his bloody head okay this game
has gotten a lot harder okay it's
actually a pretty good puzzle game
straight down left up right kill this
guy kill this guy
oh my god jasons bloody Savage Oh oh my
god okay now we can get this final guy
here we go baby
coolness ah disgusting down left up
right up then you're left up then right
kill them even though the policemen are
right next to us and now we can kill
here we go here we go
okay we have to kill this guy last from
the right so we can kill this guy on the
X so we first kill this guy
boom down then left okay now we can kill
this guy our guards are gone he's dead
here we go right then up then left then
up then right then down then you're left
and then we go down to kill him and here
we go baby get the last guy lie again
lie again they go left that down then
right get this guy get this guy and then
boom here we go final one I'm so good
this game I swear they just combusted
okay so first kill this guy off boom
then we keep going go down go to the
left go all the way around here kill
this guy from behind boom
let me go right and now we go down okay
baby we are here the final level of the
chapter okay so we first need to kill
this guy so we go like that kill him but
then we to then go back all the way down
to here and then kill this guy from this
way then up then left then down then
kill this guy and now we go left up down
right up left down we're ready to kill
this guy oh we're gonna chuck him
in the bloody no way Norway Jason's
gonna electrocute him no no way he's
gonna do that Jesus Christ
okay ladies German I think I'm gonna end
the video there that was this new Friday
of 13th game I don't think I'm a play
anymore you know because it's a puzzle
game I can't really make puzzle games
funny but you know I thought I'll try it
because I like Friday 13 and I like the
cute little animations and it looks like
a cute game so let me know the comments
if you do want to see more though and I
will see you in the next video man so
leather guys love you Baba
hello
