whoo hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is master selfish today we are
finally playing Detroit become human now
if you guys are hardcore fans of the
channel you know I have been waiting for
this game for 10 years
I swear it's from the same people who
made heavy rain and beyond two souls
okay which I made Let's Plays on which
are my favorite games which those videos
have been watched like millions and
millions and millions of times this game
is made by Quantic during the same
developers and I am so excited for this
game if this video reaches twenty five
thousand likes I am gonna do a
full-blown let's play when this game
comes out next month alright I don't
talk anymore let's just start okay
alright
August fifteenth twenty thirty eight
okay Android oh he's a robot he's a
bloody robot ok flipping the coin go
into this the last floor all these coin
skills oh my good
ok this robot is very fancy okay we're
on the 70th floor now this is just a
demo of the game ok this is the stuff
that they're showing in like games
conventions I think negotiator okay so
I'm playing as a negotiator okay and I
think there's a hostage situation going
on right now so we're gonna find out
what the hell has just happened alright
let's look around okay we can look at
this picture alright can we identify who
those people are yes we can because I'm
a robot
we've got John Phillips and Caroline
Phillips and Emma Phillips
you can't leave oh who is that kneel
down
a dwarf Gorham do I say that or do I
leave it I'm gonna save the fishy okay
okay so this games multiple choice just
like heavy rain beyond two souls so you
got an option to be a good guy or a bad
guy so uh yeah let's save that fishy oh
how cute okay let's continue oh oh all
right yeah okay our objective is find
captain Alan all right what are they
talking about oh my goodness there's a
SWAT team okay so it looks like there's
a hostage situation and I'm guessing the
little girls the hostage all right let's
walk over to Captain Alan baby
okay let's talk to him captain captain
Alan my name is Connor corner over and
sent my side for life okay
oh he's not speaking to me it's hello
everything already shut down to the
pikemen if I easily get it but they're
on the edge of the balcony if it falls
she falls
oh so the girl is been captured oh no
what do I say when I say deactivation
code have you tried its deactivation
code it's the first thing we tried oh
okay and it didn't work
um the shock has it experienced an
emotional shock recently Oh
listen oh my goodness what's happening
saving that kid is all that matters
so can you deal with this Android now oh
I'll take care okay
whoa all right probability of successful
forty eight percent okay we to
understand what happened and save
hostage at all costs guys all right so
we've got a gun here wait
whose gun is this did someone use this
gun okay we can analyze the clues so we
can find out the make of the ammunition
and we can also analyze it so we can
find the make of the gun okay and we can
reconstruct what does that mean oh I can
reconstruct what happened and how the
gun got placed here okay so we can
rewind time and find out that the
deviant took the father's gun whoa okay
so we have a murder weapon okay so the
person who's kidnapped this little girl
took the owners gone wait are you trying
to tell me an Android kidnapped this
little girl okay let's go into this
little girl's room first okay let's uh
we can examine what's on our table okay
all right let's listen at this look at
this video play
hello okay we know his name now Daniel
all right well they seemed happy so why
is this Android gone mad now oh my
goodness you've unlocked dialogue or
action often beneficial ah that's
awesome we can listen
okay there's loud headphones what does
that tell me child didn't hear the
gunshots wait of course there were there
was that explains the gun
okay 60% probability of success now okay
we've searched the hostage room now what
do we do oh my goodness guys - look
there's gunshots everywhere there's SWAT
team oh my goodness did they kill the
bloody father don't tell me they've
killed the father look at this so many
gunshots on him analyse his eyes and it
tells us that he's deceased are they
killed the girl's father and they shot
him in the shoulder he's got an upper
they shot him in the lung they also shot
him right in the left kidney - and also
shot him in the lower lung oh my
goodness okay we can now reconstruct
what happened just by seeing the
gunshots so we can see that he fell over
okay and then got shot and all he was
doing was okay he was sitting down on
the sofa
all right the father was holding
something what does that mean okay if we
rewind we can see that the tablet was
thrown over there okay what was on the
tablet let's analyze it our poor guy
poor poor guy all right what was on the
table why this Android suddenly go mad
okay what's in it what's on that tablet
what could it be
all right unlock it oh the TV was gonna
be replaced they were gonna buy another
robot and and oh that's probably why he
went crazy he found out that they were
trying to replace okay guys I need to
stop wasting time I need to stop wasting
time this guy's shooting a bloody police
officers there's a dead police officer
here oh no it was the first responder he
was shot in his right tart his name is
Anthony Dec hard and he's dead now and
last clue he has a gun all right we can
reconstruct it and find out
some clues about what happened to him so
we can look around oh there we can see
him what's that
hostage witnessed the shooting oh the
little girl was there while he shot the
police officer we can also find out that
oh okay the cops shot the robot okay so
we can find out where the gun is and the
gun is under the table all right so we
have the gun now sure we pick up the gun
maybe we can shoot him all right reach
for the gun oh my goodness okay we've
got the gun now what do we do with it
are we gonna use it or do we take it
we'll put it back androids are strictly
forbidden to carry or use any type of
weapon so I'm not allowed to take a gun
it's illegal whoa okay okay I took it
anyway okay guys all right we can look
guys let's just take a look oh look
there's the Android he's got a gun to
the little girl
no way all right guys I think we have
collected all the clues that we need
let's go outside okay we need to say
this little girl guys when you can say
this little go I know there's multiple
oh no no no no no no they're gonna jump
off no that I have to negotiate the name
Daniel my name is Connor yeah come on
get them out of this Oh No choppers here
Oh God my success is coming down because
it's destabilizing okay what do I do
I I gain his trust and approach slowly
okay approach slowly all right let's try
to empathize with him oh no oh my aunt
uh try to tell the truth okay I got up
yes yes I got I am Miami okay Oh God
okay I'll drop it drop I don't want to
go to die okay I go to drop it guys here
we go okay I took the gun there we go
let's go it on no more gun all right we
need to possible cause then we're going
to replace you and you became upset yeah
you did that's what happened right
thought it was part of the family yeah I
thought I'd matter you do mental but I
was just their toy oh wait you're done
no no no no I'm on you I know you and
Emma were very close yeah we were very
close you think she'd betrayed you but
she's done nothing with me what I
thought she loved me she did but I was
wrong she did love you no no no this oh
I know it's not your fault these
emotions are feeling or just errors in
your soft don't don't jump don't jump
it's not my fault it's not his fault
I never wanted he never wanted this I
love no don't shoot
you know don't shoot but I was nothing
to them no justice leave ordered no no
no
stand that noise okay okay helicopter
get out okay I will I will I will I will
accept okay go go go go go go go
okay cool switch on the control I think
I'm gonna say open guys okay look I did
what you want oh my goodness last chance
trust you'll have to trust me Daniel let
the hostage go and I promise everything
will be fine oh my god and I want a car
when I'm outside the city I'll let her
go no I refuse that's out of the
question though I promise something you
have to what put the gun down and let
the hostage go oh shit with my life
taking oh I messed up I messed up
now it's my turn to sign - no no no
I fell no I died instead mission
successful no it's not successful I just
died
I saved the little girl but I saved
myself just oh my god I I can't believe
that are this at least the girl girls
safe geez I des that wrong and I was
right at the end guys and they clipped
the wrong option
I don't worry though okay all right this
games all about multiple choice okay I'm
familiar with how these games work okay
I am going to try and save them both
next time but that was a crazy heck of a
demo I can't wait to play this game guys
I love this game okay this is the scenes
flowchart here we go baby
so it tells you exactly what you did
okay and the path that you took okay so
I started off good I could have saved
the fish or let him drown okay I guess I
could do that now I decided to take the
cops gun which I could have not did
because I took too long the SWAT team
got injured and I went outside but
apparently there was this third option I
didn't know about okay and that's when
the flowchart gets very very complicated
but as you can see there is one two
three four five six endings
well alright come on let's get all the
endings blaming god oh god oh no no no
no please
sacrifice elf Oh God ah oh oh oh wow I
sacrifice myself I pushed him over so I
saved him I mean I saved myself but I
didn't save him
Oh God oh I died oh my god because I got
shot like I'm now dead oh no that's not
good Misha's successful but yeah but I'm
dead now oh my goodness okay that was
another ending to it was that another
ending I thought sure because I kind of
I kind of did it right
okay alright let's see where I was in
the flowchart with that okay so I
oh look I got a new ending Connor died
protecting Emma okay
alright so the last two options are
going to be sympathetic okay listen I
know it's not your it's not your fault
okay these emotions you're feeling or
just errors yes okay and now and now
last moment I never want this oh god oh
god okay
no no no all right we have to trust you
have to trust me Daniel God let the
hostage go and I promise everything will
be oh okay trust works and then Oh God
you need to say compromise that's
impossible Daniel okay the girl girl
that I called I promise you won't be
hurt
let her go
I don't want to die okay and then
reassure you're not going to die I'm
just going to talk
come on let's go okay oh I trust you she
trusts me oh my god she's not she's safe
she's safe
don't thank God control I had it under
control
you lie to me Connor no I do
oh no I'm an Android and I just killed
another Android I mean oh man these
androids man they've got too many
feelings mission successful look at that
guy's like damn man you cold men's they
get weird droid friend died at least the
girls safe okay well I'm that option
Connor survived and so did little Emma
but holy damn we cannot save him are you
kidding I don't think we can save them
guys
alright so boom and it looks like okay
we got another ending snipers shot to
the deviant damn okay we only have three
more endings to go baby
all right he's gonna awesome in my arm
and I'm gonna lie okay all right I'm
like oh god he knows tell you the truth
okay alright so now the reason we did
that is because you know our next ending
we're gonna use the gun and shoot him we
can now use the God look oh we've got a
gun we've got a gun execute or
intimidate guys we're gonna have to do
it
I killed him I mean the snipers were
gonna kill him anyway but I guess that's
another ending to to take the gun and
use it yourself and just do to finish
the job
damn poor Emma okay well I did it oh
yeah give him the gun
Jesus yeah androids are not allowed to
have Gardens but he just shot him an
Android killing another Android damn
that was a pretty cool ending I am NOT
going to lie all right boom boom boom
boom boom boom boom I love this
flowchart ladies and gentlemen okay so
we got another ending we use the gun and
Connor shot to the deviant all right now
we only have two more endings to do okay
so for this next ending I'm just gonna
walk outside okay because you know
there's got to be an ending where the
little girl dies and you know this is
the ending so if you don't want to watch
it I recommend you don't so you stop
watching now Oh God in my life taking
orders oh my god here it goes
now it's my turn to decide oh my god I
didn't make it in time no no no
oh my god I was horrible that poor
little girl she fell to her death and
she didn't mean it always she'd do
anything wrong oh my goodness armed man
he's like come on man were meant to be
good at this man I let the girl die I
let everyone down ah that is the worst
ending you can get Jesus Christ all
right boom boom boom boom boom Makana
failed to reach deviant in time okay so
we're gonna do the last ending now where
I don't shoot Connor at the end all
right use gone here we go but this time
baby we're not gonna kill him we're
gonna intimidate oh my god what now
Daniel is this really what you want this
is what he would like to me you lied to
me I had to shoot or convince except do
you heard the story is oh my god make
sure my choice make the right choice
no no no don't let the logo guard no no
no no no no no don't let a little go
don't let the little goat I know no
choice choice no way
no don't don't don't don't don't
god that was the worst ending ever we
all died
Jesus
what an ending is that okay ladies
gentlemen I think that is all of the
endings Jesus Christ that last one damn
all right and obviously the last ending
the deviant shot Connor okay guys so
those were all of the six endings Dan
okay ladies and gentlemen I am going to
end the video there that was the demo
for Detroit become human
I am definitely under let's play on this
okay and I know you guys are gonna love
it okay that's why I'm gonna do it okay
I am so excited for this game
alright I'm gonna try and get these
videos up on the day that it came comes
out okay and yeah leave a like if you
are excited as excited as me now okay
because no one no one gave a shit about
this game until now okay so I've been
waiting first game for a long time this
game means a lot to me okay I'm gonna
love it I'm gonna enjoy it I can't wait
for it thank you guys so much for
watching and I'll see you very soon with
another video
buh-bye
