okay class what you've got to do next is
carry the two over to this side okay hey
guys it is mesh yourself there so today
we are gonna be reacting to some school
videos now some funny stuff always
happens in school okay sometimes
teachers get mad sometimes students pull
pranks and sometimes there's loads of
fights and disagreements so let's watch
these stupid funny school videos I just
wanna watch funny videos leave me alone
what's going on okay this a teacher and
she's saying no pomegranates the fruit
way is promo kind of fruit oh yeah
pomegranates are fruit okay Jesus Christ
calm down you old bitch okay
why God has ever done to you say it
again oh my god no pomegranates sorry
miss okay we won't bring in pomegranates
god dammit what is the story behind this
video okay this subkick draw a
pomegranate Anna and then she got angry
or she allergic to pomegranates I have
no idea what she got against about poor
pomegranates
I'm like okay we've got a hole full of
graduation that's like their graduation
okay leaving all the black people
look everyone lose their shit oh hell no
okay I don't know how fabulous okay
Anka Tablas old-ass crazy-ass white girl
everyone's reaction they're in shock
it's everyone's graduation and of all
the times to be a racist bitch it's that
time look how everyone reacts when she
says look at all the black people
leaving you can't say something like
that but I think I mean I mean it's
technically not racist but it's implied
so I mean it pretty much is racist okay
what are you trying to say the black
people are leaving but because you've
been a boring oz bitch with your boring
on speech nothing to do with race is
probably the fact that you're a boring
ass bitch all right so we've got a
foreigner teacher don't speak English
and he's talking to this little girl and
with the IU and he and she on the board
it looks like they're teaching English
class please be nice why you stupid
bitch the roster with this girl is class
miss cow so stupid sir please you better
not make me angry
always pushing ahead oh my god okay a
teacher can't bloody push your head to
the side you know let's go now let's
just turn into a teacher bullying a poor
little student for not knowing English
is that real no no no okay okay I
thought that was being a bit too serious
but is that was that real although most
indeed okay oh my god oh my god the
teacher can teach this bloody music
class okay oh god they're awful what is
going on is easy too good no Matt no
cost a lot of money and the teacher just
broke out just cause he's shit up
playing it oh my god oh my god it was an
April Fool's joke cuz happened on the
first of April
okay well Friday joke and everything but
who's gonna pay for disguise violin you
just broke the shit out of it okay oh
shit okay it seems like we've got this
girl who's angry that the teacher can't
teach for shit
oh man this poor student okay he is mad
as hell at this teacher she does care
about learning but yeah this teacher
clearly isn't good enough for her you
telling you what you need to do yeah
you want kids to come in your class you
gotta come in here you gotta make them
yeah you want a kid to change and start
doing better yeah I'm gonna touch his
freaking heart can't expect a kid to
change the ball you do is just tell him
yes there's a limit there is a limit
call me I'm not bitching don't ever say
that shit in school and now I will leave
Oh welcome oh you're welcome if you
would like I'll teach you a little more
so you can actually learn how to teach a
freakin teacher got absolutely owned
okay that student was very it was
talking from the heart okay so it seemed
like the teachers were just handing them
out like pieces of paper for the kids to
learn on but this this kid you know
prefers you know a bit more you know
personal one come on teaching
fair enough okay but yeah the way the
teacher was reacting she was like okay I
don't care just go back it's a shame
okay because some teachers actually love
teaching okay they thrive off it they
love helping kids and others you know
see it as just a job and it's their job
don't give a shit don't need to put in
that extra effort it's just their job
okay we've got a kid in the lunchroom
what what's happening
oh my god is the dogs gonna happen look
at the dog and don'ts of what's
happening between us
oh that's amazing that that teacher just
joined in in the dance battle
okay okay I'm glad all these clips
aren't serious okay that was pretty
funny oh my god Jesus I just feel sorry
for this teacher okay all she wants is a
bit of quiet in the classroom but she
could not handle her class okay this is
I think a girl like this is just a prime
example of a woman who's you know smart
enough to become a teacher
probably not capable of actually doing
it though this guy over here it's just
can't stop laughing
Jesus course okay this guy has anger
problems okay you just shouted and
yelled kids
just laughing oh bloody well does he oh
no where's she going now she's gonna
call the bloody principle that all
hell's gonna break loose soon miss Oh
mister I am serious what
this teachers mad I'm guessing is a PE
teacher no Piper double-damn look now
the teachers that baby Oh this guy's
dabbing while he teaches just yelling at
him he's just dabbing right in front of
him
oh the disrespect was that some of these
students had man okay I'm not gonna lie
I'm starting to cringe some of these
clips now okay guys that was me reacting
to some funny clips from school okay
this didn't take me long to make find
these clips so if you were like a pot -
if we reach 10,000 likes on this video
I'll make a pot - because you know it's
funny stuff a lot of you guys in school
be good students don't make your teacher
mad okay they're just trying to teach
and come on now you know stop acting
like any of these idiots like you see in
this video thank you guys so so watching
and I'll see you in the next video
buh-bye
