hello everyone how is everyone doing is
messy cells there today we are playing
what your fifi hey I'm gonna steal
everyone's money oh so we have played
whack your boss we have played whack
your ex boyfriend and girlfriend this
game is made by a different bunch of
people but it looks kind of funny so I'm
playing it alright so shut your mouth
and stop complaining your piece of sh I
hate each and every single one oh
there's the thief okay I'm trying to
steal your shit what the house is Steve
doing here someone better make him pay
oh my god let's make him pay okay so
there a bunch of items scattered around
the room and apparently there's ten of
them all right first one let's pick the
door okay oh no is there oh oh oh
yeah get out of it okay don't run out
the door your guard down oh all right
now it's kicking the door okay oh if you
don't get I swam calling the police
oh wait I wish I could I'm a thief what
do I do now I just ran him over with a
car
okay just gets out of the car okay I
don't think the parents would be okay of
you destroying your bedroom like that
don't walk in anyone playing Minecraft
okay okay next one Jesus Christ all
right this game is I remember how
gruesome this game is so damaged stupid
keep running me over this car which
let's learn how to drive okay got a
license you dumbass kid you don't need a
license to kill you mother that also
reminds me of the vine where the dog is
you know riding a car a dog oh yeah
where'd you learn to drive or next one
we're gonna go to this fish tank and
click on the car so over there okay
Oh takes a deep breath goes over oh oh
oh yeah goes do that castle so lightly
no Castle he's fishing it out
secret passage money why'd you say so
you dumbass kid wait wait what hey I'm
trying to do that money over there open
oh oh my god he puts the hairdryer in
the fish tank and now he's being
electrocuted and they fell over Jesus
Christ that's kind of dog I'm pretty
sure I had a fish in that fish tank Tory
try and tell me that bloody fish is dead
rest in peace little fishy okay alright
next up we're gonna use this bloody
racket oh no we're gonna hit him with a
bloody racket oh oh oh
going over to the racket hey what you
doing there ready breaks it in half and
Jesus Christ
oh my okay let me get this straight he
takes a racket breaks in half stops him
and it stabs him again and then punches
him what the shit is wrong with this kid
anyway three out of ten let's do this
bloody cloak on the fireplace I don't
know what the shit is uh-oh
oh he's going over to the cloak grabs it
oh oh it's a bag is that the bag is it
money
oh my god he just locked with a snake on
the daily we can click on it click on is
this oh okay well now he's definitely
dead Jesus Christ okay this kid is crazy
okay crazy yes not God okay the next one
is this oil okay don't tell me I'm gonna
burn this guy life what a bad life you
know what's he doing with the oil oh no
oh no he's gonna drench him all over him
oh I'm on fire that gets hit by a bus
wait there now 13 kills with the ship
okay let's go with this stick just
sitting here looks like a hockey stick
huh oh oh oh it's a golf club oh no oh
no what's he doing with this ball oh I
think he missed
oh no you missed again okay now I'm just
realizing you're listening on campus
yeah you just you just hit in this share
this bed it's going to disgusting all
right let's pick these swords on the top
why not how now what's he doing he's
doing a run up he's doing a run up no no
no and the day lands on his head okay
that's pretty funny actually that was a
really good one
alright let's click this draw over here
uh-oh almost what's in the drawer Oh
oh my god okay he's choking him out oh
my oh my oh my my okay
he's just strangled him to death and
he's still playing games alright I don't
think I've done this wait which is over
here oh my no oh
what the shit is wrong with this bloody
cake it's just bloody bricked his ear
off totally real unrealistic here okay
uh 100% serious don't worry guys my egg
grew back oh wait there's a book here oh
oh what's the book gonna do huh oh no
the gun oh no all right guys this kid is
crazy but time for the last one now it's
this bottle over here okay click the
ball oh god what's gonna do Oh No then
bleed to death okay I don't think I want
to play this game anymore guys because
this kid is is seriously freaking the
shit out of me all right guys that was
wack of the thief okay if you would like
me to play a wack the teacher next okay
because I think that's the next game in
the series alright if we reach 10,000
likes I will if we don't then I won't
that's how the master self channel works
either way they'll take you guys so much
for watching and I'll see you very soon
with another video but bye
