whoo hello everyone how is everyone
doing is much Sophia today we are
playing do you want a cookie do I want a
cookie of course I do granny the great
disgusting writing is not good at
cooking I'm tearing up my cookie with
poison
okay so this game is about your granny
okay now when you think of your granny
you think of this sweet old bitch okay
but this woman is not your granny she
has turned evil but something has
happened to her to make sure that she's
a crazy-ass bitch oh my god how scary
okay if this video reaches 10,000 likes
I'll make a part two but let's play this
shitty game I'm playing this game on
easy difficulty okay because it's a
horror game on my mobile okay just think
I'm gonna succeed doing the shit be
quiet she hears everything everyone be
very very quiet step number two keep in
mind that if you drop any objects on the
floor
it creates sound oh no I better not drop
anything oh shit number three hold the
remove button to free yourself from bear
traps granny has brought something up
shoot the house fight under the beds or
in the cabinets you have five days use
headphones look guys I am wearing the
headphones doubt it for you only have
five days all you meet is in the house
be quiet she is everything granny is
crazy oh good luck oh my goodness guys
I'm gonna need
the luck I can and there's a bloody game
loading oh it's day one day one at
Granny's okay I'm sure it's gonna be
fine oh I wake up I wake up from my
bloody bedtime this does not look like
my Granny's house okay
the game started I'm not gonna lie I'm
kind of scared okay guys I know a lot of
you have seen other youtubers play this
game okay but you haven't seen the best
youtuber play this game it's me okay I'm
the best youtuber so I have no idea
what's going on what's this five gays
who bloody wrote that shit that's scary
what kind of scary oz bed do I have
what's that for it's me hiding what's in
this bloody drawer where did I wake up
am i waking up in the same room oh my
god that was bloody scary guys I have to
leave this house of course I do
it's a crazy granny with a baseball bat
chasing me leave this house oh oh guys
okay guys we're gonna leave our bedroom
door don't worry I will protect you all
open how the shit am I gonna get out of
there she's locked me in the bloody room
who's the noise who oh my god I've got
he broke granny's favorite lamp
probably should have broke granny's lamp
but uh you know who cares oh no guys it
is day three day three at Granny's I
just want to leave shit he cried his
house okay I don't want to stay here any
goddamn longer okay guys be very careful
granny could be anywhere look at this
big-ass house Oh guys guys open another
door maybe the Coastie is Cleary in this
door quickly why not go go go oh no it's
the bathroom this is what grains were
doing shit yes granny oh we need to hide
quickly fight it okay I think she went
downstairs oh my god guys I can't handle
this bloody pressure up oh my God look
at this stinky ass toilet oh this is
where grains been taking her old granny
shits what the hell happened in this
ball why is there blood everywhere a
piece of the painting what the hell I
have pictures of old granny tonight why
do I have this picture of granny is
there something I need to do with it
what do I do with this bloody picture
I'm don't bloody know what room is this
now it's his granny's bedroom is that
another picture of a painting pick it up
I dropped it granny pilot I've been
ready pilot she's gonna kill me
oh no I hear oh I hear her I hear right
I hear I hear uh-huh
is that huh is she coming is she coming
guys my crazy granny thinks were playing
hide and seek okay hell out of this
shitty house I don't to play this shitty
game open the door
she's trying to come in with the help
but guys where'd you go what does shit
where the hell am I going guys I'm so
bloody scared I'm escaping guys down the
stairs oh I just dropped all those
paintings
okay well that made a lot of noise oh
Clark right he's coming hide hide hide
where do I hide the carpet the carpet
here oh I hear what guys where am I
going - no idea what to do I should
probably what I should have watched
youtube videos on this I didn't know oh
god she just walked right past me how
bloody scary is that open this door no
there's a bloody basement at Granny's
walk down the basement oh my god there's
blood on the floor it's a painting oh I
need to get all of the pictures of the
painting for this painting there's a
safe here
I mean safety Granick on this shitty
house okay I've never played this game
before so I don't know what to expect
what the hell's this this is my fifth
day in this house she chases me wherever
I go I'm quite injured and my body hurts
the only thing I remember before I woke
up in this fur house is that I was
driving when my car suddenly broke down
I have noticed that she sometimes hides
things inside fruits oh my god this
bloody bitch of a granny
so granny kidnapped some other guy -
okay so now indefinitely to escape that
blow the floor was probably from that
guy that poor poor man okay where are we
are we have side guys I can hear
crickets
I think we're outside a cogwheel bloody
oh my god granny has a guillotine in her
house is she gonna break chop off my
head if she catches me in five days oh
my god that's gonna be my head soon
hello granny fight
all right granny killed me okay this
game so hard okay too much information
alright alright they for I probably
realize now I probably should have found
out what to do in this game alright but
then again that's why I said I'll make a
pot too you know okay anyway we woke up
on the fourth day that means we only
have two more days to bloody leave this
shitty ass house take the painting okay
we need to put the painting with the
other paintings okay there she is okay
now's our chance
now's our chance run run Brandon or
knows a bear trap oh no I dropped the
paintings find the painting goes here oh
god I need too many pieces from this
shit does the painting actually do
anything house are painting gonna save
me from granny what the hell I broke
this what the shits this now what do I
do there's too much information from
this game grab I need cutting pliers
goodness that granny pissed off I don't
understand your shitty game Oh
day five the last day oh no guys I have
done pretty much nothing in this shitty
game how am I gonna escape tonight just
the fridge a key weapon key am I gonna
play suit granny out have I died
no way no what the shits granny doing
what this shit is great no not my bloody
head no don't tell me is gonna take off
my head no no no where am I
what's going on
bloody killed me oh I got a ad for some
shitty game okay guys you know what I
think I'm going to end the first episode
there all right now the thing about this
game is that you can escape but because
I have never played this game before I
thought I could jump in and try and do
it but I actually can't you know so I
think I need do some research did this
video reaches 10,000 likes I will
definitely make another video showing
the ending of this game and showing me
escaping from granny's either way though
I hope you did enjoy and I will see you
in the next video mance let the guys
love you Baba
Oh what
