Oh reload oh here we go
oh my goodness everyone it is sailor
mess yourself on today glaze Gemma we
are playing Red Dead Redemption to john
marston is back again wait no it's not
John Marston it's this guy I actually
don't know his name well yes ladies
German we are playing Red Dead
Redemption - I have been waiting for
this game
for so many years did you know we're
dead redemption one came out eight years
ago I've been waiting for this game 38
years okay and I'm so happy and excited
to be finally making videos on Red Dead
I haven't actually played the game at
all I only just got past like the first
like story missions bit because they
throw so much story at you at the
beginning of the game right but you know
as soon as you got into free roam which
is now I decided you know what let's
start playing and let's just just mess
around for this first video and if you
guys want me to want me to make more Red
Dead videos if this video reaches 30,000
likes I will make another Red Dead video
because I will happily make a whole
series in this game because I love it
let's first call my horse yes I do
horsey come over here look at my OCD I'm
gonna name my horsey horsey first thing
that I have to point out look at the
amount of detail in this game look at my
horse okay okay let's first check out
the map I am here at the moment and oh
my god
look at the size of the map okay I I
can't even fit the whole map in this
whole screen okay this game is so big
alright I have so much to explore but
you know what alright I'm gonna I'm
gonna slowly gradually do it okay okay
the first town they give you to explore
is little ol Valentine okay we're gonna
Valentine okay check out some things
giddyup horsey we're gonna bail attack
Cayuga no check out all the ladies in
Valentine we're gonna check out
everything man this game sure is
beautiful okay people have been calling
this game a horse simulator okay and it
pretty much is okay because all you can
do is pretty much just ride your horse
to loads of places and and shoot Cowboys
but I don't care okay because I love
horsies don't okay should just be
wandering around here friend why not
disco little ofall should i defuse the
situation or antagonize i'm an
antagonize you really shouldn't Rami
yeah wow wow yeah boy oh boy
woah that's right you don't mess with
this cowboy yes anyone okay those people
yes I did okay don't mess with me okay
don't give me no warnings now oh we go
some people hit how did that okay sorry
alright it's kind of hard to ride your
horse in first person I just realized
but I don't care cuz I'm doing it all
right because it makes me feel like a
real cowboy alright here we are in the
town of Valentine look at everyone okay
the city is booming okay we've got
Cowboys we got horses we got so much
going on and little Oh Valentine's
mister okay let's go shopping let's buy
some bait let's have a look what you've
gone and lo catalogue on here
provisions tonics ammunition you've got
the whole bunch of shit yes you diddly
no oh man I could buy a whole outfit I
could buy this for $85 I'm made of money
overhead okay they got the Valentine
they got the cloud vault okay I can't
afford anything right now cuz I mean
just start the game alright so I can't
afford anything okay here's your catalog
back I'll come I'll come when I got more
money yes I yes I will
yeah like I said I haven't actually
played the game yet alright so I have no
idea like anything about this game
alright so I'm just gonna be messing
around in this video
bastard
what's going on oh okay this guy just
shot this guy why what's your problem I
think you're next asshole you wanna see
how good you really are you really are
we're gonna have a jewel oh my goodness
you picked the wrong cowboy to mess with
boy here we go oh I died okay well I've
never actually died this game before but
okay well that's what happens when you
die okay just says dead okay you're dead
okay so I'm alive okay I know and it
cost me a dollar
apparently all right man is cheap to die
in the West you know I'm saying let me
take a look at you after I you run away
you piece of shit okay I just shot that
guy why'd I do that
oh no they saw me do assault because you
shot me oh no I believe guys that's
right I killed him oh now I'm wanted
okay well now I'm figuring out how this
game works okay apparently you can't
just shoot anyone you see all right
because everyone will want you and then
now everyone's shooting me and it is wet
okay I'm dead is my character called
Arthur Morgan I think so honestly I
haven't been concentrating on the story
all I want to do is just mess around
this dumb game son of bitch Oh your
money now you got a big problem a big
problem don't you oh okay I build up
okay okay out all right why did he pick
up my gun okay
well alright why is everyone in the Wild
West carrying a gun alright Jesus Christ
you're America's you'd love your guns
ever since from cowboy days I swear I'm
gonna enjoy robbing you tough guy give
me money you don't know who y'all own Oh
Oh No ah Jesus Christ this game is
bloody dog okay and I died again
alright this is gay this game is just me
you know just this game is just horses
and me dying okay all look there's
animals here what's this animal alright
use my boat alright guys we're gonna
hunt down some animals for aim and I got
it oh that's what I'm talking about baby
can i skin it well I can well I can skin
it oh no oh no I'm gonna throw up Oh
nope nope no no please don't please Oh
No okay that was disgusting okay but at
least I have this this this this Pelt
alright so now I can now sell this Pelt
at the store okay so that's what we
gotta do
yeah okay guys alright cuz I need some
money alright how else am I gonna pay
for these bounties okay hey you throw
out your ma why don't you got money oh
okay he's got a gun
oh yeah all right oh there's a guy head
Oh No oh stop this witness go quickly
he's gonna tell me no I can't take that
chance
oh I killed him I was just trying to
warn him so that he wouldn't you know
tell him me but you know let's just Liu
his body or and let's just forget how
that happened okay dumbass horsey wait a
second
it is oh okay
can i order a drink oh okay this is a
mission oh there's a fight going on oh
no these guys hit him
yeah Oh Oh hell's going on down here
oh no it's big boy oh now piece of shit
oh god I all right someone threw a chair
on me okay I don't know what's going on
oh no
break free what's going on oh yeah wreck
the boy oh no this guy get it quick yeah
I'm doing it
oh no this guy's massive okay this guy's
Wow okay well then I'm gonna die
oh now Oh God ow
okay I'm gonna die I'm so dead oh god
I'm gonna die Oh No
he's choking he's choking me Oh God Oh
oh no oh no oh no oh no no oh my face oh
damn okay all right well I just came to
Valentine and I'm being up people okay
what were the hell's going over this
game oh there's a hotel oh don't mind if
I do have a little bit of a snoozer now
all right the hotels just over
oh okay no no no mind try the hotel is
actually on this door howdy there so
what is it you need a bath perhaps a
ball really smelly come on out there put
that gun down you know you have a bounty
already okay you're right I have a
bounty I shouldn't kill this guy yeah I
will have a boss okay
oh here we go the bats are right over
yonder oh oh I'm gonna taking a ball I'd
know if I did that you can take a ball
in Red Dead who would have thought okay
I can i scrub my head apparently taking
a shower I'm gonna strangle repeatedly
to scrub except deluxe bath yeah what's
the lux bar you're gonna are you gonna
scrub my oh just relax oh I'll take care
of you just she'll take care of me oh
all right so now I understand GTA their
strip clubs I mean Red Dead there's
there's deluxe baths okay interesting
all right so just piss off now it's nice
meeting you and that's being it too okay
a bit wait all right in the West some
random girls just come in and help you
scrub you up but you know what
at least I'm clean now okay guys okay
I'm all fresh and clean thank you for
the bath mister I'm now gonna go to my
room and have a little bit of a snooze
in now you
ah damn this must be my room here we go
oh so nice look at this room oh my god
you ugly bastard you ugly bastard Arthur
you're getting old I am no wonder they
all leave you
Wow okay alright I'll stay if you just
is this the kind of stuff you say in
front of yourself to the mirror cuz it's
not really helping a self-esteem Jesus
Christ let's sit on my bed okay alright
let's relax now alright we paid for this
hotel for the night let's just sit down
okay and go to sleep
alright good now gasps you had some good
sleep now change clothing I can change
my clothes but oh shit I can as well but
do I have any outfits I'm not sure if I
do oh I have a gun sling outfit this
summer gun slinger the winter gun
slinger and the nouveau office I have oh
hello oh I'm sure you can oh sorry
ladies I seem to have walked into a room
where there's the three beautiful ladies
howdy big boy
Oh big boy this big boy if you can't
treat people with respect what's the
policy what else is on the map which I
have never done before oh five finger
village guys if you remember I made a
video on Red Dead Redemption one okay
and I was so good on fighting a villain
all right now I'm not speeding this up
or anything it's just how I roll
all right ladies German I will have one
beer please Oh put the money down oh
here we go
oh here we go oh god matru down yes I am
um I'm a cowboy drinking at a bar oh my
god look guys five finger Phil it here
we go play it you gain I've got some
game I'm the fat finger Philip master
okay let's play for fifty cents watch
how it's done there boy oh yeah just
like this oh my goodness
Oh
watch how to do it oh yes watch me do
any one faster boy yeah yeah oh my
goodness guys he is going so fast right
now look four five six 6.5 seconds
that's what I got to do it guys yeah
that's right you go get out of here man
you can't beat me a Fivefinger fill it
now okay my turn now let's go that's bet
you darn showoff oh nice bet now wants
to bet two dollars guys alright maybe if
I make enough money on the fight thing
to Philly I can pay off my bounty away
three times what okay screw this got
down five thing to fill it piece of shit
okay alright there's so much higher than
should be read David answered wonderful
hey it's game now god damn fingers give
me all your money okay I don't give a
shit alright I'm sick of playing games
give me your money what trouble I'm your
huckleberry give me your goddamn shit
yeah give me your money now
I'm already born as a miser kill him
honestly that's like piece of shit beam
me up I think a bit of piece of shit
okay thinks he's better than me because
he can bloody put a knife between his
fingers god damn okay what else is there
to do in this goddamn town the show what
kind of show
wait what what's going on here they've
got a show going on looking to see your
show my ticket oh ye dogged look at this
show it's like it's like a mother
theater okay let's sit down sure why not
is this is this the show it's just we're
watching something okay wow wow this is
this sure is fun not that interesting of
a show Jesus Christ okay wow I was
expecting you know some ladies to shake
your neck shaking that booty or
something alright but no we're just
watching a screen okay Wow can't believe
I paid 50 cents for this dumb shit no I
did and I want my money back sorry sir
no refunds I said I want my money back
okay probably wasn't his fault honestly
he's just the guy standing there seven
tickets okay okay ladies German you know
what I'm gonna end the video there that
was me messing around on Red Dead
Redemption
- oh witness okay if this video reaches
30,000 likes I'm gonna do a Red Dead
Redemption series I have not played this
game at all
okay so today I kind of just jumped in
and was like you know what let's let's
like explore the world for the first
time because I I wanted to do that
because I I haven't put any research on
this game but you know I will start
playing the game my spare time learn a
little bit more about the game and
hopefully make a fun and much more fun
video when I know more stuff about the
games so if this video reaches 30,000
likes I will continue Red Dead
Redemption either way those thank you
guys so much for watching and I'll see
you the next video
buh-bye
you dog ado get a big fat poo in my lawn
