oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is Masha selfie today we are playing
the visitor now the visitor is a flash
game which I remember playing when I was
in school okay so this was like 10 years
ago I do not remember this game at all
now so I thought let's play it okay okay
we have oh a comet just through from the
sky oh my God look there's a bloody
alien on the bloody comet so from what I
remember about this game you play as an
alien and your aim is to eat every
single thing you come up against I see
there's a frog here can I eat the frog a
frog ribbit ribbit click oh shut me up
god damn and waking me up god damn it
how the hell are we gonna kill this frog
click the branch oh the branch broke now
we hop onto the branch uh-huh ok now
let's try clicking on the frog oh oh oh
no oh no taste the Frog goddamn it the
Frog died there's bugs coming from this
hole for some reason click it boom now
the bird is eating the bugs branch the
branch broke fishing rod Oh are we gonna
go fishing where are you how the shit go
micash this fishing but cook this oh
look guys oh the fish came over there do
I catch the fish now oh I caught the
fish ok that's not doing anything ok Oh
done it ok he land on on the mirror it's
not a mirror Brandon it's a window shut
your mouth you bloody hole so we've
landed right next to a kitty Wow oh that
looks tasty I want to eat that shit now
is the cat gonna kill me if I go near it
ok should I try and go towards this door
pussy cat don't want me walking through
this door click the Apple oh it's just a
the Apple oh just throw that shit oh god
now there's flies coming around oh oh
we've distracted the kitty with the
Flies
no no no no meow meow I'm a pussycat
ok posted Gabi's distracted now what we
do we go towards the door come on come
on come on shit I missed
ok guys be very quiet I'm right behind
kitty he might kill me do I go through
this hole next to the Kitty's bump oh oh
no your buddy saw me could I not go past
try it oh what do i do then
wait what's this a shadow oh oh a tree
branch oh the cat got distracted and
then I just went past oh yeah oh good
what the hell's this pipes
oh god I've no idea oh gosh is a puzzle
I have no idea oh I did it without even
bloody trying that's somebody smart he
bought the I am no God it is smelly fart
wait hi a second I just realized this is
an alien and the aim of the game is to
eat everything that they come across
don't tell me I'm gonna eat the bloody
kitty no don't tell me I'm going in the
cat's bloody bum
damn kitty
everyone in the comments right now
comment rest in peace kitty okay
how sad saddest thing I've ever seen
okay I'm actually crying I just needed a
really cool picture you know for the
thumbnail
okay so the cat's dead
all right is blood and guts are just
scattered everywhere cuz I ate him from
the inside but now the most important
thing is that we're big enough to open
the door whoa
we're in a house with bloody granny and
a dog oh god damn it I'm a dog if any
animals trying to come around I'm gonna
goddamn kill him girl or God caused me
to watch out for the bloody dog how do I
tell granny okay all right
Oh she nearly saw me I can open the
drawer oh she just closed it I've got a
knife
whoa oh I can open this blender do I put
an orange and then I blend it okay do I
open it okay I couldn't open it oh she's
no she's she's got damage to use going
everywhere okay so I think I need to
distract her and then open up this
drawer oh do I open up the drawer and
then click the knife is that what it is
I blend the orange open it what do i
click anything else
oh I can take the water the water could
overflowed stupid granny fell so I took
the water then I click the draw do I
then click the knife Oh orange in the
blender let me let the blender okay she
goes over I've got the faucet open up
things for the knife stabbed
granny through our bloody head Jesus
Christ's a big dog the dog's arse in
there
well I just killed her bloody owner dude
I didn't like that stupid bitch anyway
ker okay now I could go up on the
counter now what what does this
thermostat dude oh look guys the win
from the vent is now all going on got is
now going on was that even okay anger is
just my first language just one let
everyone know that I click it again oh
look we can now go through there how do
I get there how do I get there the lamp
whoa oh my god I believe spider-man my
way through that okay I'm guessing I
don't eat the dog I go through the vent
all right guys oh my god we're with two
people that are sleeping don't tell me
we're gonna bloody kill them on the vent
there I am two people are sleeping
I'm gonna kill them and eat their faces
off nothing's happening just a normal
day mmm yum yum yum yum yum
wait there's a fishy over here you
better not even think about it man so we
click it Oh Dwight you the bird now oh
oh no I let the bird free for some
reason okay now what oh I did it oh no I
spilt the bird food everywhere there's
the bird coming come on buddy
did the food oh hey you can't kill me
you can't kill me okay so how do I get
the bird to come eat the food oh oh
I hide in the clothes oh shit
oh my god it's now flying of course with
every animal I kill it then evolves into
whatever he just ate so he has guilt
from the fish okay he has the tongue
from the frog and now he has wings from
the birdie do I now kill these men no
way what the ship this thing is evolving
and just ate the man for the first time
look even his pretty eyeball is stuck on
the wall oh oh Barry are you okay I just
got some crazy noises oh oh no what was
that Barry Barry you're scaring me wait
hang a second what's that under my bed
my god what the shit oh no what
something now it's evolved in this crazy
creature is he gonna go attack everyone
now he'll shit on my ass
we're hanging a second is telling me I
can replay the last scene why is there
like another ending what oh I can click
things or I can close the door oh okay
toilet paper oh it goes the toilet flush
it oh it's leaking okay I could turn the
table there's a hairdryer oh oh he
slipped do I put it in the hot tub ha
like that
electrocute him oh okay whoops okay I
didn't kill him okay so I closed the
door take the toilet paper put it on the
toilet flush the toilet and then I empty
the faucet open this put the hairdryer
in hair dryer goes in there I could turn
on this tab Oh
I did it I saved him whoa I got another
ending I killed the monster and saved
everyone from you know this alien you
know that was probably gonna kill
everyone on earth you know so I did a
good thing by killing that guy okay guys
I'm going to end the video that that was
the visitor
now before you click away there is a
part two to this game alright so in
imagine you didn't kill the alien
alright we will then find out what
happens to the alien after this game
alright so there's a part two and the
only way I'm gonna play that is if this
video reaches 10,000 likes if this video
reaches 10,000 likes I will play the
second game either way those you guys so
much watching I'll see you in the next
video maths let the guys love you
ba ba no god it is smelly fart good gir
Bennet curb
no one Bennet gurbin good no one but it
gurbin
get down from there I know what you're
trying to do you're trying to kill my
owner goddamnit you better stop right
now oh no I don't accrue the COBE no way
Oh
