oh hello everyone how is it or doing it
is mr. selfie today we are playing a I
games I cannot overstate just how much I
loved hit ease you may think I am joking
but I really do
titties are the best teach yourself is a
titty mess your tit tit T okay so what I
have done is I have found a couple of
websites and a couple of apps that
basically are artificial intelligence
okay and do something based on a
computer algorithm type shit and the
first website we're gonna be checking
out is how old net now this is a website
where you upload a photo and it will
scan this photo and detect a face and
based on like an algorithm it will then
to tell you how old they think that you
are okay so let's put this you know
algorithm to the test or and this is the
first picture that I want to test now is
the picture that I took you know for my
district
okay now if you guys don't know I'm only
22 years old okay pretty young okay come
on ladies okay you want me make me get
wealthy okay there we were 29 years old
okay let's see what the website says
about me being Harry Potter okay by the
way all these pictures come from my
Instagram if you don't follow me on
Instagram go follow me seriously look
like a 34 year old man what the hell is
website poking about okay this is a
pretty normal picture of me me on a
normal day okay I'm not pulling any
funny faces now no wonder why I can't
find the bloody girlfriend all these
bloody girls thinking I'm an old man
making these YouTube videos okay I took
this picture last week with my friend
Mia
okay she's only 20 years old there's no
way that I'm an old man in this picture
Mia who is 20 years old is 29 apparently
and your boy is looking fine and young
and only 25 years old
okay how about me dressed as Hagrid from
Harry Potter
okay I took this picture ages ago all
right this is with Schlag oh man and
jelly are the two other shit youtubers
okay they make terrible videos don't
watch their content apparently jelly
seven years old and also a girl okay so
that's pretty funny
I wonder ever detect a face on kitty
okay because Kitty's not human but you
know he's got a face couldn't detect any
faces don't listen to him kitty you've
got a cute face okay
okay what about me dressed up as an
Indian woman will it even detect the
fact that I'm a woman
dodgy what you wrote man okay it's
probably the moustache okay they
probably can detect that I've got a
little bit of a moustache okay all right
this is a pretty young picture of me
this was taken when I was 17 years old
okay what about this Mimi picture of me
36 come on now come on now I look so
normal so plain no
facial hair in this picture I must be
detected young 20 finally this website
guessed it right for what's goodness
sake 22 yes that's how old I am
what about this picture with me and
Gibby I took this like this Christmas
okay 16 years old okay I'm pretty sure
this websites just guessing random
things right now all right that was how
old our net okay my verdict I would give
it a five out of 10 for accuracy in the
AI department okay it's not that great
I'm not gonna lie or this next website
we're gonna be checking out is
quick-draw now this website asks you to
draw something and google's AI
technology will detect what you're
drawing before you can actually complete
the drawing and you know a lot of the
time actually gets it right okay
draw a tree under 20 seconds I see
volcano volcano more nose no snow or
wishbone wishbone stop guessing now go
the launches oh I know it's tree okay
draw a screwdriver in 20 seconds okay so
we've got the handle over here okay I
see potato there we go I see sword nope
I see lipstick lipstick now okay all
right well now sorry I couldn't guess it
no she couldn't get easy quick easy
screwed okay next one a diamond
okay a diamonds like this okay and then
like that okay maybe I'm just bad our
parachute huh I see come here okay it's
not a cupcake
sorry I couldn't guess it I'm sorry Oh
drew a hot dog okay this is pretty easy
okay okay so I'm gonna draw the buns
right and the bun and then the whore
pork here and we'll shoot the mustard
although I know it's hot dog oh well
done Google
yeah guessed hot dog next drawer shine
the live okay so the channel that goes
here and then it just goes like I see
lalala it's Chandal here okay so their
guests fall out of my six doodles okay
that was pretty pretty good okay I would
say I was a pretty shit drawer but I'm
gonna have to give this website aii
eight out of ten okay it's pretty good
I'm not gonna lie but this next website
is called auto draw another drawing
website now this website basically is
you draw something and the website will
detect what you're drawing and then give
you objects or like drawings that are
similar to what you're drawing okay it's
pretty weird and confusing I'll just
show you okay so if I drew like some
boobies okay so boobie boobie so a
Pawnee I drew a fish okay well no I drew
some tits do the body just like that
rupee titties alright this looks like a
woman's body but apparently it was a
bloody ghost okay what if I drew a
smiley face like that oh look at all the
smiley face is that it detects oh well
that shit is that well should I draw
I'll draw a phone so I've got this
square okay and then a screen just like
this and then the iPhone bun oh it
thinks I'm drawing a painting okay I
mean a box painting our box okay oh it
did guess phone oh okay I can't really
make this website funny but it is a
pretty cool website all right I'm gonna
have to give that a call you know 7 out
of 10 alright pretty cool stuff I don't
know why they decide to make that but
who gives a shit or the next day I gave
is called evbot now you guys have
probably heard of this before
now this website basically is alright
you talk to some woman alright and she
all replied back based on previous
conversations that she's had with
someone else
elsewhere in the world who has also said
something similar so like for example if
I say hello alright and someone in the
world said you know hello back then she
would use that information oh when I say
hello say hello back hello bitch how are
you doing oh I'm doing good I just
called you a bitch you bitch bitch I
don't wish what you don't wish to that's
Oscar are you real oh cool hmm she
thinks she's bloody real the AI is
learning plus 10 17 okay she
and get the meme I shouldn't even get it
right in the mathematical sense okay I
love you n oh she loves me I love you
too Amy
Keith kiss him let's forget married okay
I don't talk to you Evie let's talk to
PewDiePie bot I love Karen oh my god
PewDiePie's in the game yes we're gonna
play a game okay what what game don't
know you choose I'm fabulous okay hahaha
let's play the game where you go back to
making quality content again find all
the hidden golden egg okay well this is
clearly not PewDiePie sometimes I wish
robot would think oh my god talking to
me now okay this monkey might be the
smartest of them all are you a robot mr.
monkey oh my good more oh I maybe will
what maybe by name oh my goodness is
William Shakespeare roses are red
violets are blue sugar is sweet and
that's our town Oh Oh bleh Shakespeare
learning shit shall I compare thee to a
summers day what could be in a rose that
by any other name would smell as sweet
okay well this is shit okay well that
was evbot okay this website where you
know you can talk to robots for fun
alright a lot of youtubers have made
shitty videos on this shit alright now
it's time for our last AI type thing
okay now this is an app called autorap
now this app basically it detects your
voice alright and it matches it up with
a song okay and it makes it sound like
you're a rapper in case of a song it's
basically like a mix a live song it's
pretty cool okay to stop the top four
shiny red button okay say anything
I love diggie's these tease tease tease
tease I love babies yeah
7-day free trial okay well okay
purchasing wait what I thought was a
free trial all right don't give this app
money okay because it's something that
you'll play for like five minutes and
then never play again just watch me play
or I don't give this app money let's do
panda bit these deadly sticky sticky
sticky sticky sticky titties yeah oh
yeah is about to drop it's about to drop
okay well that's enough all right sorry
guys I keep talking about women's
breasts alright it's just something that
first comes to mind when I have to wrap
they have cocoa mmm yeah let's go baby
okay that was awful alright I did really
work out the way I wanted it to okay
let's do candy shop all let me see them
teach oh okay
they have because I got hide let's do
that here oh okay awful awful awful
awful stuff
okay ladies gentlemen I think that's all
I'm gonna end the video here that was me
playing some AI games from AI websites I
could make a part 2 of this video
because I do have a couple of websites
which didn't make it in this video so if
this video reaches let's say 15,000
likes I will definitely you know do more
videos like this I hope you guys did
enjoy and if you did you know let me
know either way they'll think you guys
aren't watching I really appreciate it
I'll see you in the next video
buh-bye
