I have an immediate operation which I
need to perform right now come come
easy easy no scissors oh okay good we
need to get rid of that come on nuts
fork very nice I could his brain and we
save the guys now dead alright ladies
and gentlemen dr. mess yourself has
returned yet again if you haven't seen
my past dr. videos boom the cards just
popped up so today we're playing operate
now and the first one we're going to be
doing is bloody taunts awesome is going
this game contains graphic descendants
of surgery warning little kids don't
watch it if you're squeamish arc meet
Scott hello my name is Scott Scott had
tonsillitis this caused an infection in
the tonsils Oh No
we must operate and remove his bloody
tonsils now I have never had tonsillitis
okay but I heard it hurts like a little
ditty the one with the broken arm okay
what's the wrong door who cares which
room is it guys is it this one
No is it this one and step number one is
we used the anesthetic mark at mark we
used the anesthetic mosque to put him to
sleep put on him put on him Oh turn the
valve
oh please concentrate what I'm not
feeling anything
oh yeah we need to give him a breathing
tube by the ways how is it going to
breathe during this operation take the
breathing tube up his nose disgusting
now we select the retractor
oh no we have to put this in his bloody
mouth in that disgusting tonsils select
the forceps click it oh oh now select
the cauterizer oh no turn it on and then
crank it up to 24 been 10 ok sorry I
kind of ruin the moment
oh no the timer I started guys if we
don't finish this operation 5 minutes
the first kid ever on earth will die
upon saliva surgery has ever happened
cut it again oh my god take the
guillotine clamp it's okay I've done
medical school ok I know that ok we must
cauterize the veins it's now time for
the next console take the forceps drag
it out Oh cauterizer
alright last thing bloody use the
cauterizer whatever she's called her to
douse the bloody veins or whatever the
shit is now use water display
the sprite sprayed me with water I mean
you know anytime any of my videos
involve water I reach through my water
bottle and then pour on me that's how
devoted I am spray some water into the
patient's mouth to wash away any
remaining blood okay next we take the
surgical suction oh my goodness we're
gonna suck this guy off and then click
it and then all the way off now we
remove the retractors why is the timer
still going seriously we've done the
operation now okay you try tell me if I
don't remove this retractor this guy is
gonna die okay remove it okay there we
go
okay and then remove its breathing tube
oh all the way up his nose and then we
have to go to the pharmacy oh god please
select the correct post-op medicine is
it this one okay ibuprofen sure okay we
did it and that was it
oh we did it he's survived thank you
very much I didn't guy from tonsillitis
thanks doc you're the best okay guys we
saved him from tonsillitis oh yeah all
right guys the next person will do is a
bloody is surgery okay see you next week
I'm kidding that's not how it's done
okay
meet Billy no my name is Billy hey Billy
has lost approximately 60% of his
hearing in his right ear oh my goodness
are you okay Billy huh would you say I
said are you okay
oh come again I can't hear you I said
are you okay he was going on right now
all right guys we need to operate on
Billy okay because he can't bloody hear
me or first things first we need to give
him aesthetic sorry falls asleep
take the syringe pick up some
anaesthetic okay here we go put it in Oh
and then drink it out now we inject him
with the anesthetic you could have just
not said anything okay because it took
about four seconds to read that sentence
operates doctors please we to save his
head this is a bloody doctor place not a
bloody barbershop okay we need to give
Billy a haircut can I just save this
whole head I think that would be funny
we need to shake the shaving canister
shake shake shake shake shake shake
we just sprained his whole head wait
we're doing an ear surgery why this shit
am i shaving his head okay okay and now
he looks like bloody Santa I'm pretty
sure you can't use a razor just straight
on your head like that won't work
but anyway stop asking questions okay
concentrate guys next we pick up the
marker and we draw the line of where our
incisions gonna be now we are ready to
make the incision and oh and then we're
going out for Barbie okay how great the
veins have started to bleed but it's
nothing to worry about don't worry guys
we must select the Bovie what the shit
Sabo V what the hell we're dousing the
bloody veins what the hell now we pick
up the tractor use the tractor in here
oh god oh god how is this to do with
this ear and then we make a decision
through the muscles then we pick up the
drill drill
that's where drill comes in my head
comes in my Tector drill and then are we
actually gonna drill through his boat a
third time
oh my god
disgusting now use the drill to shape a
mold in the skull where the receiver
simulator will be placed what no don't
tell me about the drill are not the hole
through his head okay now we to pick up
the receive your sim stimulator put it
in there and then place an electrode
inside his pot okay oh my god oh that's
where it's going oh okay well okay well
it seemed pretty easy okay we can now
stitch the stimulator to Billie skull ah
oh my god we're going in
ah next we use the bone paste apply the
boat like always it's gonna corrupt the
whole Oh remove it Oh God
Oh God okay now I have to stitch up his
bloody head stitch it up oh my goodness
this poor poor poor man
did we do it
whoa what do you say okay guys it's time
for our last operation next we're gonna
be doing a heart surgery in the last
video we did pacemaker surgery but this
one is for heart our patient today is
Joel hello my name is joy you wanna play
football later I don't know a shitty-ass
football with you Joe Joe gets tied a
lot faster than other kids his age if he
is not treated his condition will be
life-threatening okay Billy know what
was named Tom okay
Oh's Joe okay Joe I will save your life
I swear to God I now we go to the heart
room okay there we go oh my goodness he
is now bloody under we must operate on
his heart we must first sterilize his
chest area pick up the tongs oh is that
a bloody big take a cotton ball dip it
in the iodine solution and then apply it
to the patient's skin we will next take
our marker and draw where our incisions
will be make the incision right now we
take the clamp so we can spread this
take another clamp put it here oh my god
the rib cage blocks or access to Joe's
heart we're gonna have to cut through it
wait what we have to break his ribs okay
that seems fine trust me I'm a doctor I
know I'm doing take the bone scissors
and then cut it I really am gonna remove
the bones oh my goodness okay well this
guy has no ribs now before we can
continue we have to move his nerves out
of the way what the hell we do you
straight-up with the pulley Wow
match the tubes based on colored going
in alphabet order why why do I have to
do that okay so a is red B is blue four
blue here and then C is green and B is
for dick okay we did that because
certain things do different things
that's the doctor evaluation for you
we're removing Joe's heart now what
wouldn't that bloody kill it is it miss
a heart monitor so wouldn't this go down
if I okay now just our ask questions
guys cut the vein got the tube what the
hell okay we did it did we do it oh no
oh no oh no heart but what I was
wondering how heart
transplants work okay but apparently
they put tubes in to simulate a heart
I have not okay that's weird okay so
take the new heart put it in Oh perfect
fit okay that was easy all we're
threading up the cuts we just made
remove the string we need to put back
his ribcage because apparently that's
easy okay is it just gonna stick that or
didn't we just break his ribs okay
apparently and that's fine oh we use the
bone stapler okay and apply a bit of
bone paste I came to hurry up because
this guy's gonna die in 30 seconds and I
read I want to do this again Jesus
Christ mother patient man being a doctor
is so goddamn rewarding anyway guys I'm
gonna in the video there man that was so
stressful okay but as long as I'm saving
lives okay that's all that matters
if you like these doctor surgeon
simulator kind of type games then leave
a like okay because I really love making
them okay and it's a lot of fun for me
okay and I hope you guys are enjoying it
too so if we reach 10,000 likes on this
video I am going to continue this as a
series and do another doctor surgery
game at some point in the future because
there's loads of them thank you guys so
much for watching and I'll see you in
the next video man so there the guys
love you bar back okay
