hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is my selfie and to take those German we
are gonna be watching my strange
addiction now I've actually made a video
of my strange addiction before if you
guys have never heard of it before it is
basically a TV show by TLC where they
find these wait ask people doing these
weird awesome things that they're
addicted to okay and like last episode
we pretty much focus on people eating
things but this one is gonna be a little
bit different well I hope anyway
my name is Evelyn I'm 27 years old I
live in Cape Girardeau Missouri and I'm
addicted to drinking air freshener I
love it absolutely what I love about
drinking air freshener is the taste
there's a million air fresheners out
there but the one that I like is fresh
linens I've tried other ships but I
don't like them none of them taste like
they say they smell cinnamon is not
cinnamon captain Chris is like oh I've
gotta have fresh linen home I literally
crave it in the last three years there's
not a day where I've not had it or taste
it you Stacey thinks I'm crazy
hey my future wife Evelyn loves to
spread I don't understand I'm pretty
sure it's unhealthy because if you look
at it it says flame is actually
disgusting how is this woman finding
love I don't know B with no stinky ass
woman actually she doesn't stink
she actually probably smells pretty nice
because the air freshener but regardless
all right how can I explain that to my
friends and my family my girlfriend is
please have an air freshener is this
anyone else thinking right now they
really want to taste air freshener to
see what it tastes like
okay the sake of this video I'm gonna
try my air freshener that I have okay
the flavor is spring flowers oh god why
am I doing this again oh yeah that's
right the YouTube views I forgot about
that okay here we go
three two one
oh my god that's disgusting
oh okay I need a break anyway that has
to be one of most disgusting things I've
ever tasted
okay it literally tastes like perfume
it's like it's it's not a good taster
why you do that now okay okay the taste
is gone now rs keep watching it's
unhealthy because if you look at it it
says fling my enabler is he will go out
in the shop he'll get a couple okay that
he thinks that maybe everything actually
weights up the middle for night and she
was spray oh then I wake up and then she
let back down to stop this this must not
be healthy man come on now is she gonna
die please tell machines there's some
health risks involved or something she's
players in our mouths and insurance
before that is disgusting nah he's
disgusted by experience in my mouth are
you gonna stop spraying this in your
mouth she wants love is powerful I guess
because he'll just drink it to make me
happy no man is that bad and make him
drink it I got a poison my fiancee she's
making him try this is not this is not
how the bigs about to be going it's
meant to be him committing her to stop
no convincing him to start that bad make
him drink it cuz I don't poison my
fiance I'm a bar
it's disgusting but she loves it
and I love her so therefore I just have
to deal with it now you have to
negotiate yeah I do my first habit you
can't expect them to break the habit
very quickly when I first started it was
accident basically I was walking through
my hallway after going to get a cup of
crushed ice there automatic sprayers
that fresh in the house sprayed as I was
walking past it dusted the rim of my
glass it was a flavor that I liked there
are only two ways I have my air
freshener one is straight out of the can
the can has to be extremely cold I make
my tongue into a bowl so it'll catch it
has to go over crushed ice just eat it
from there there's a feeling when I eat
it it's a sense of completion like I've
found it that craving is gone it's okay
now two boys ones eight and one is two
oh my try not to wipe our kids see they
use the air fresheners because I don't
want them to obtain that habit as well
and I know it's not good for me so I
don't want them to follow that way your
kids are gonna see you having air
freshener mommy my kids are at my all
and if they picked up this habit that's
when I'll stop everyone in my family
knows about my addiction Oh Evelyn
decides to tell her uncle
reaction okay they don't know because
I'm pretty sure they'd be Dominic okay
yeah there's nothing like really wrong
but it's kind of something one's just
gonna get off my chest he was dragged
down to this TV show said all right he
was probably like worried sick of like
what this woman's gonna tell but tell
him and or and it's the fact that she's
an air freshener
all right did want to tell you about
something that I do mom knew about it
and it kind of said uneasy with her - oh
God I eat air freshener what I eat air
freshener seriously yeah I do
gunshot yeah it's not real yes this is
not really though I mean this has to be
a joke this is funny it's there
freshener when did this story really I
first started with the air freshener
when mom passed away and then it just
kept going oh because I had to be strong
for everybody else so you have to be
strong everyone else so air freshener
helps you do that I don't see the
connection honestly again I was
disgusting and then I had to be strong
for her she's crying asthma system
really feel are bad dad I should have
been there for you I'm just feeling like
I failed my knees oh no what it does
yeah so hopefully I get answers I'd hate
to have anybody in my family feel like I
let them down because I think that I'm
supposed to be everything and all things
for everybody and most of the time I
can't I mean I'll be okay if he tells me
to stop yeah go see a doctor now stuff
yeah go see a doctor hotel just alright
the doctor is gonna tell you to stop
obviously it's but air freshener that's
shit's flammable okay if I read the shit
that's in this thing okay you don't
wanna but you don't know what's in it
okay that woman was absolutely
disgusting okay please do not drink air
freshener that's the most disgusting
thing I've ever heard a oh okay that's
what do another one alright so how they
were saying him on to nineteen years old
twenty seven years old and he's in a
relationship with a Powell does that
even
Nathaniel is in a committed relationship
with a car that he's named chase he met
chase in a resale lot about five years
ago okay
then his body and then his interior and
everything just together just seemed to
fit not just what an instant connection
Oh
mewls obsession first developed as a
teenager when he would build model cars
but they find true love until he met
chase the most sexy just cuz the subtle
lines and curves oh that felt he kiss
here and just kind of caress him down
the side my initial reaction Jesus my
initial reaction was you know son of
shocked it was kind of weird because he
was just hard to understand okay Jesus I
can tell these people I hate these
people in these friends the stories
because like if you were truly someone's
friend you would help them stop you know
and you know you wouldn't enable and
just below okay that's okay alright just
continue keep kissing your car alright
honestly I don't know why I feel the way
I do
but I just absolutely love chase we
always have such a good time together he
likes a lot of the same music I do oh we
have a favorite song
it's can't fight this feeling Barrios be
playing Wow
I do getting just great sighs something
for your fiance or your wife and then
use your first birthday I try to do
something special for him too
the favorite date would be going to the
lookout area Wow just lean against me
would only just be with him honestly I
just feel sad for him that's the only
thing I feel you know it's just like all
right like if you want to date a car go
data car but honestly that that's not
how the world works but Nathaniel's
relationship with Chase goes beyond
dates and presents times when we get
sexual oh we do the most often is I like
to lean over his fender and across his
hood no do little things like that and
kind of press up against a magician and
rub against him like that Wow there's
more bold positions as for me to be
underneath it I can't take any more this
guy all right it's a guy that likes
kissing a car all right really like like
what do you want me to say about that
I'm no comment I'm lost for words
I am where's my friend because it's not
normal
and you may have people that don't
understand it make fun of you he rarely
lets anyone else drive him oh that's
because he never likes chase out of his
sight for more than 24 hours
Wow Paris and Tom's brought tears to my
eyes because I wasn't with him there
have been times volunteers miles because
I'll go with him and work his pictures
on my desktop so I see his face all the
time
sting describes if somewhere we have
them chase I my heart would just thought
wow I'm just have to gather myself here
I am concern from Nathaniel emotion was
I think guys would be easier if he did
change yeah love you Nathaniel's
roommate Kim is one of the few people
who know the full extent of his love
life Wow
I guess the reason I don't tell a lot of
people is because I don't know the
response I'm gonna get I always worry
about that little bit of disgust that
somebody may have Nathaniel's biggest
fear is how his relationship could
affect his career
Cole's tumor service technician true I
mean if everybody found out I'd be
worried that it may affect my job that
you know you're not losing your job and
not everyone not finding out all right
this guy real all right this is real
real all right so what's going through
this guy's mind when TLC releases this
video and everyone just knows that he's
loving a car
honestly like haha how's he living his
life after this video but I love him to
death
I wouldn't trade him for the world okay
oh good night I mean Oh disgusting okay
yeah guys I thought that's that I think
that's definitely the weirdest thing
I've ever seen
all right a relationship with your car
these I'm there yeah okay moving on all
right all right one more strange
addiction okay and it can't be my name
is Kevin I'm 27 years old I live in a
suburb of Chicago I don't have any
broken bones but I'm addicted to putting
orthopaedic cast on my body well you're
putting costs on your body and you don't
need them
why okay so we just wearing costs
everywhere for some reason casting is
putting a cast on myself okay
not my perfectly fine perfectly healthy
I like the feeling of the cast around me
Wow okay I mean I'm not cost before you
know and they're just itchy okay I just
feel the time all right 100 ASA and this
guy just loves writing all the time it's
done like two full arm casts 19 full leg
casts I've done total a cast and okay
I've put on so many different pants
okay honestly it's ridiculous oh wow I
love about casting is it just feels so
amazing and so snug and so comfortable I
give me like this hi my earliest memory
of casting was definitely an early grade
school I had about 6 or 7 years old I
used to steal all my parents toilet
paper I used to wrap up my legs in
toilet paper to mimic a cast and then
that's how it started you used to wrap
toilet paper around you I kind of want
to do that now actually I wanna sleep ok
mr. self will now waste an entire toilet
roll paper just just just just to make
this joke in this video
okay I cost it my my my my arms and my
thing okay honestly I just feel all good
now and I want it off but for the sake
of the video keep it on for the rest of
the video and about six or seven years
old I used to steal my parents toilet
paper and I used to wrap up my legs in
toilet paper to mimic a kiss yeah when I
was 12 years old I broke my arm
rollerblading and I got my first cast I
got a lot of attention with a cast on
and it's just kind of been an ongoing
process ever since then and just as much
as I can about it I absolutely love the
attention I get I use crutches I use a
scooter I need a wheelchair whatever it
takes and then I love going out in
public and then just seeing everybody
like oh the dead gawk look you know is
just amazing about you know the
reactions of people you never know when
there's just gonna be a need to put on a
cast yeah find out the best way to do it
in the car is the best circumstance Wow
really really you have to go to this
extreme or I'm doing a no-call looking
at me I sometimes do pretend like I'm
injured well hey man all goes the story
and how I try to draw people in trying
to steal my wallet out of my back pocket
girls are constantly coming up to me and
like Oh what did you do oh you poor
thing
it's a fake ask me it's a real cash but
my arms are broken oh and you're wearing
a fake cast just for fun of it yeah my
reaction when he told me that he casted
himself I was thinking that's kind of
weird
and I just wasn't interested
price honestly all right there and
someone looking like this right now all
right who's gonna be interested in
someone looking at dates all right
honestly and then a lot of times I have
people sign it like a bunch of people
inside my case and so he's playing this
like oh look at my poor wounded green
candy-striped freaking cast it makes me
a little nauseous most of my friends
know about my addiction the casting
obviously at first when I first told him
about it they were like this is just
weird what bothers me about it is I have
to get him into the car because he can't
turn he can't move
he can't go bathroom by himself what
casting is definitely like affecting my
relationships I broke up with my fiance
she couldn't stay in the casting anymore
she just thought it was too weird this
casts addiction is really wrecking havoc
over my relationships if you're single
out there I just want to let everyone
know this guy who wears a cost
everywhere is in a relationship all
right and you're single
all right that if that doesn't make you
feel bad no one else does there's been a
lot of people who have asked me to stop
you know stop casting and um you know
frankly I don't support why I need to
stop this is part of who I am and I just
don't feel like there's a need to hide
it anymore especially since it's such a
cool unique thing I think we kind of
have a chemistry together today we're
gonna go on a date I'm just I'm like I'm
praying that he doesn't have a cast on
yeah I really care about you I just the
cast thing I can't comprehend it oh I
can't like my head around when people
see me with him it's embarrassing my
friends and family they're asking me
they're like so why what if I just like
we're to talk to I don't understand it
my parents they won't understand it's
just the tone of her voice she was so
disappointed and so angry at the same
time it's just yelling at me a
relationship all right compromise all
right think about someone else rather
than your herself and she has to go out
with cost boy I mean is this something
that you you want to keep doing this
it's a big part of me you know I can't
push this further in here if you're
right you cast like oh I'm kind of over
it what if I like it stop or like not
stop but maybe just have a couple months
so what makes you think that you know
now is the time for me she said I gotta
choose her the casting stopping casting
would be like we trying to cut off my
own arm it's my life this is who I am
it's part of me man I don't know what
I'm gonna do now I don't have a care son
I feel like I'm nobody like a part of me
is missing so one of the things I've
always wanted to do is a double arm
spike that where both my arms are you
know pump like this there
okay okay so he's completely ignoring
the packet while his girlfriend just
said lost now right now what it work on
a double cat despise government
objections Kevin is moving forward with
a double arm cost Wow so he's gonna do
two arms it's Airy awesome I've always
kind of wanted to go out and get get
people's reaction because it's such a
massive castle okay I'm gonna need
somebody else's help because this is
this is expose I'm Molly Kevin's friend
all the friends would cost boy would
anyone have any friends would cost boy
like a brick wall I just bust right
through it Wow yeah okay you feel me is
he gonna kill it now people's reaction
this guy's in a full-body cast the
hospital how's he managing to walk and
still have this cast on calico just
about walking down Michigan Avenue in
downtown Chicago there's all kinds of
people walking all over the place
there's all kinds of traffic people
waving people looking at me this is
really amazing I can't believe that I'm
actually doing this right now definitely
everything I've expected it to be I'm
really hoping my girlfriend won't be mad
at me yeah I think all right she's
taking the money that TLC called you
know from the show from doing the show
and then she's leaving you honestly okay
grace German come the end the video
there I think I might you know take up
costing you know because actually I've
kind of getting used to having this on
me you know so I think every video now
I'm gonna just dress like this okay is
that okay with everyone okay thank you
guys so much for watching
if we reach 30,000 likes I'll make just
one more video on my strange addictions
okay because I found like the shell
because it just makes me you know
you know my life it's not bad do you
know honestly yeah that's that's
everything I got to take from this show
you know my life is actually much better
than these guys all right so I feel a
little bit better about myself anyway
thank you guys so much for watching and
I'll see you in the next video buh-bye
