it's so hard every single day it just
gets harder and harder it's been almost
an entire year since Club Penguin got
shot down
I miss sliding down the mountain I miss
Barry my cute little red puffle that
followed me around and shit
hang on a second Club Penguin rewritten
its back part of the video where the
penguin will die
okay guys hello my name is mesh yourself
today I'm dressed as a penguin now about
one year ago Disney announced that Club
Penguin will be shutting down forever
and when they announced this every
single youtuber made a video on Club
Penguin saying how sad it was that Club
Penguin was was ending even though I'm
pretty sure none of them gave an
absolute shit
but then after all that really crying
and being upset someone ported the whole
entire game onto another website called
Club Penguin rewritten but ladies and
gentlemen there is one single difference
everything is now free in the game okay
all the stuff which you have to then pay
for is now free because you know Disney
don't own the game anymore so well yeah
so today's Club Penguin experience is
probably a lot better than the shit we
played last time by the way if you
haven't seen that video go watch it I'm
a penguin in that video I love being a
penguin
especially in fish Alexis boo boo boo if
you save your password here anyone who
uses computer could access your account
they could spend your coins no they
could change your igloo they're gonna
bloody Rob my bloody house they could
get your place well bad why would
anybody do that that's so mean they act
like this is my bank account I'm logging
into I'm logging into playing some
stupid penguin game apparently sleet is
lit right now I'm not a robot so I'm
thinking ah buddy error 1 3 2 at 7 ight
Jamaican music at the cafe can I get a
pound now Monsieur oh please hello
anyone gotta give me service in I find a
cupcake pick it up don't pick up
cupcakes you fall on the floor could be
drugs
okay seriously wife no one walking this
shitty coffee place okay no wonder why
this shit got turned down this guy's
planning at all claim your chin fat okay
great one Santi yeah your accountant oh
my god everyone is having a great time
playing Club Penguin right now okay any
people still do play this game I don't
know why but okay we're hang a second
the penguin play Awards
what is that shitty pal it's just a club
a dance contest well since when was this
a thing would you like to dance
hell yeah no no one gives a shit you
stupid ass penguin or I clear the floor
dancing solo she's so generic way okay
alright this games body she's shitting
me
the crowd behind me 25 no combo thank
you girl for popping out of the screen
to tell me that okay this game is very
repetitive now I kinda want to stop but
I kind of don't I lose my combo disco
balls coming down oh yeah disco fever
baby oh I get it not nice but ice
because they're they're penguins okay no
more dancing I don't play this shitty
I'll start seeing again let's go into
the gift shop and this time we can
actually buy stuff if I can change my
bloody race I wish it was that easy
alright we all wish to be white let's
all be honest right now I want to be
this guy look at him he looks so cool
and this top hat or maybe I should wear
a pretty dress look at this shit oh man
I could buy any of this stuff
I love Club Penguin now that it's not
restricted through just four members it
could be a pizza man a really
construction worker a coffee man I can
buy something oh my god
it's James Bond the bloody penguin it's
already five fifty coins okay okay guys
I'm now gonna change into James Bond the
penguin
help
alright whoever keeps stop farting how
do I turn up the sound I don't wanna box
okay let's check out the plaza see
what's pop in there what's this okay
thank you thank you okay you don't have
to take my pictures okay okay let's walk
in oh wait now I'm selling tickets or
let's go inside hmm
what does shit this is the bloody
theater welcome to the annual penguin
award show where penguins all across the
lands work will be shown off on the
television our first nomination is best
penguin the nominees are in penguin the
winner is the winner is
thank you guys so much for this award
okay it means so much that the best
presenting award you didn't win Modi
okay I'm gonna have to ask you to leave
now okay before I call security
you better leave this is your final
warning
you better go okay fine fine I'll leave
stupid moldy okay didn't want to leave
hang on a second
I can go to the pet shop and be reunited
with bury the puzzle here we go baby
reunited with bury the puffle puffle
reunited and it feels so good real
understood gonna be reunited with Barry
if I'm paying a hundred coins I've only
got to 40 coins please oh shit by Lenny
Barry when I can adopt a pink black
green yellow purple white now the club
penguins free and I mean like totally
free it's actually not that bad of a
game
wait hang on a second mmm is that a
secret underground level let's go in it
know what I mean the pool just keep
swimming just keep swimming hit Marco oh
I'm gonna find you losers playing the
shitty game
okay where the hell am I now what the
hell this guy's just over here with a
shitty white puffle can I not do
anything while I'm here No okay well
this games great I love this game no
it's great it's great game they can
check out old newspaper from okay
oh it leads me back to the club okay
well that was not as exciting as an
underground secret level I'm not on the
dance floor you are terrible at that man
just stop it okay oh okay he just
vanished shoo go to the pizza place I've
already been there million times
oh this isn't the pizza place it's a
bloody restaurant me too I'm a chef you
want the pizza I will make you the pizza
right now Susan is that you are you on a
date with another penguin Susan oh hey
go away man I'm gonna date with this
girl yes now just run away nothing like
a bit of penguin roleplay okay um can I
get everyone's attention please this
next song goes out to a
that I once loved and then she I found
out she was cheating on me when I went
in this random restaurant and she was
you know I want a date with some guy
sing us a song you're the piano man
sing us a song tonight
hey my brother white dude I'm trying
play the piano here me me me me
you can't play piano okay what else can
I do in the shitty shit shit Stadium is
looking shit as ever
oh dribbles the puck dribbles the puck
come on come on score scores go
what an amazing short time so amazing in
this game what a bloody band is playing
or penguins thank you for coming out to
that stupid ski tars come on come on man
try my best
oh god awful awful Oh God terrible
instruments for sale whoo
I couldn't buy instruments the only
thing I can afford is drumsticks okay
let's buy drumsticks these guys are
terrible can i play drums and a walk
okay I'm done playing the shitty drums
okay how do I play the drums take your
clothes off Oh usually take off my coat
okay let's see what's upstairs of the
lighthouse probably a lighthouse oh it's
a lighthouse let's see what sort of
telescope Oh see here and don't look at
that shit disgusting okay what was that
play jetpack is this a members game or
I'm going bad let's go okay oh I go up
oh can I just let him die oh he's a life
I was kind of hoping you would the held
this place is under construction with
the shipment what what the hell why is
the phone ringing in this random scary
place and no a bloody thing came on
there so maybe I have to throw a
snowball there secret agent bloody thing
congratulations and welcome to the Elite
Penguin Force we've equipped you with
the elite spy phone your most important
tool as an agent
click the throat icon beside the map to
get started oh my god I'm a secret agent
now I gotta be wearing my secret agent
clothes then okay
I really am James Bond
okay agents listen up I'm a signing war
to an important task if you mess this up
the whole penguin race might go extinct
are you all ready for the challenge of
course I am
we have no goddamn choice of course you
have no choice okay we have to do this
okay that was fun to roleplay for like
10 seconds okay let's just leave now
okay guys I think I'm gonna end the
video there so Club Penguin is back okay
and you know what I'm gonna be totally
honest it is actually a pretty fun game
if you have membership and now that
memberships free you know I wouldn't
mind making another video on this either
way those guys so much for watching okay
I'm so glad Club Penguin is back I can
finally go back there being a fluffy
cute little penguin I'll see you in the
next video I'm mad sorry guys love you
barb
bye
quit I quit sanguine penguin penguin
penguin penguin penguin penguin penguin
penguin penguin penguin penguin penguin
penguin penguin penguin penguin penguin
penguin penguin penguin penguin penguin
penguin penguin penguin penguin penguin
penguin penguin penguin penguin penguin
penguin penguin penguin
that one
