first guys can you hear that
can you hear that it sounds like a man
screaming I think this man needs a
bloody colonoscopy okay guys we are
about to operate on a colonoscopy if you
don't know what that is it's basically a
very long string and on top of the
string is a camera and this string and
camera goes up your asshole
this is probably the scariest operation
I'm ever gonna do in my entire life and
welcome to surgery squad's virtual
colonoscopy oh god I'm dr. Jeff dr. Jeff
is back at it again he wants me to go in
someone's ass the colon is responsible
for the final stages of the digestion
yeah
poopoo a colonoscopy allows your doctor
to view inside your entire colon using a
device called an endoscope we need to
stop everybody seven telescopes in my
office
your doctor have used the output on a
monitor to check for growths or polyps
oh the cecum is sending signals inverse
the descending before the signal it's
mean okay I I mean I knew that you know
I've studied in medical college yep we
have a 53 year old female waiting for
her colonoscopy okay let's get scrubbed
and take care of this let's get scrub it
up pop first things first we need to
bloody drug her okay because no one's
gonna go in my bloody ass unless I'm
being drugged
all right first disinfect the bloody
city and the sedative goes here
great oh oh oh oh God oh oh great okay
now we'll wait a few minutes for this
sedative to take effect okay our patient
is sedated and ready thought that she's
cleansed her colon okay and I've already
used a lubricated gloved finger to check
for blockage
we'll insert the endoscope into the anus
and slowly move it into the colon Oh
first let's lubricate the scope for easy
insertion and passage through the colon
we're gonna add Lube to the bloody why
talk to Japs lubricating jelly don't
Jeff has his own brand of loop to live
off a thing Oh God
carefully insert the scope into the
patient's anus and slowly move it into
the colon okay guys I'm gonna shove this
up this guy's ass now go
and watch the cameras output on the
monitor we're into the rectum now
nothing so far let's move on into the
sigmoid colon what their shit let's move
into the transverse colon oh called the
transverse colon uh-oh looks like we've
got a small polyp in the transfer Oh
what are we gonna do buddy just pick it
off Oh
first let's use some heat to cauterize
the spot and try to stop that bleeding
oh god just look fantastic okay how do
we go and then we have a pull-up
remember the name of the colon where we
found the polyp oh that's right the
transverse colon colon yeah I knew that
back in the transverse colon now okay
everything's looking fine oh now you're
doing a great job oh thank you moving
now into the ascending colon Oh God and
there's another one all right put it in
and then put some heat on it and we move
into the cecum oh ma this is all looks
good okay let's take out the scope and
get our patient into a recovery room oh
my god okay please she should call her
doctor immediately if she has heavy
rectal bleeding lower abdominal pain
develops a fever feels dizzy vomits or
experiences swelling in her abdomen one
wee lady knows the biopsy showed our
patients polyps were benign since she's
in her 50s and there were polyps found
she should have a colonoscopy every year
Shh be quiet can you hear that guys
it's a woman crime I think a woman is
about to give in to got one say it
sounds like a woman's about to go into
child labor come on girl I'm gonna need
you to push okay push push push
oh you have given birth to such a
beautiful baby boy baby I love being a
baby
that's right I'll kiss this baby all I
want now okay that's a bit too weird
all right anyway don't need this goddamn
baby anymore doctor mess yourself is
returning for another operation this
time we are gonna help this bloody woman
give birth to her child don't worry guys
the baby's fine
okay I feel like I have to say this
don't hit babies okay this is just the
door okay it's a joke I don't say you
should hit babies
welcome to parent point I'm dr. Rachel
dr. Rachel the birth of a baby is the
most remarkable thing that I get to
experience oh did you know that more
than two-thirds of all babies born in
the United States are delivered
vaginally fortunately these draw for
China and average costs for a vaginal
delivery without complications in the
u.s. range from six to ten thousand
dollars normal gestation period for a
single birth is between 37 and 41 weeks
that's a long time but about one in five
women are induced this means that they
are medically forced to stay there's a
lot of information and I don't care
honesty all that much now that we've
covered the basics let's deliver a baby
okay
our patient today is in her late 20s it
is in pretty good health mommy is that
you yes that's a baby that's your mummy
she came into the hospital after her
contractions became stronger and closer
together
whoa this baby is ready to enter the
world the baby's ready to go okay
this woman's giving but you did it with
me yeah I did baby I didn't I take care
a fetal monitor will be used to make
sure mother and baby are doing well
during labor and delivery okay okay I
put this on her stomach and then this or
no Soha stomach so now we're gonna find
out if the baby's coming in head first
or feet D first look at his stupid ass
feet okay check oh great we can feel
that the baby is positioned to come out
headfirst that's good whoa our patient's
water just broke
Oh No now the amniotic sac is broke my
god there's water coming out of a vagina
our water has broken we can see that her
cervix is he faced and fully dilated at
10 centimeters so we are transitioning
into the second stage okay what the shit
am I looking at say she has chosen to
have a totally natural birth well we
won't be administering any pain
medication oh my god good luck to you
you stupid ass girl oh okay well that's
that's that's a vagina no I didn't know
what I was expecting from this video but
I was stupid not to think that I was
gonna see a vagina okay now we want her
to bear down and push okay just push 40
minutes and lots of pushing later she
was pushing this baby out of the vagina
for 40 minutes man I actually feel sorry
for women who have to do this shit they
weren't kidding there it is Oh baby's
head crowning okay okay we are however
going to help our patients lightly using
our hand each side of the vagina to help
ease the baby's head out all right I'm
just gonna click on your vagina there
you go just give it a bit of a poke okay
okay oh my god oh my gosh Oh disgusting
I thought a child's birth is a magical
thing not disgusting ass baby I was calm
now miles
we're gonna face it in the left Oh God
there it is he's coming off rotates as
it exits the mother's body we need to
make sure the umbilical cord isn't
wrapped around the baby's neck okay
let's help the baby during to slip its
shoulder okay come on baby
okay we need a check of his breathing
check the bloody we're removing oxs
vagina fluid oh we're almost there
we will amp and cut the baby's umbilical
cord in order to detach it from the
placenta cut it for mr. binnacle cord
come on let's do it
our tests will be performed on the
infant okay the Apgar is a test
performed at one in five minutes after
birth to determine how well the baby is
doing okay great job
oh now the recovery process for our
mother begins okay one way the mother
and baby will bond is through feedings a
healthy mother and baby will sometimes
be discharged from the hospital the day
after giving birth okay
I suggest that new mothers have
assistance with tours following
childbirth can I find a 60 off assistant
okay
the patient should call her doctor if
she spots any signs of infection okay
usually foul-smelling discharge
extremely painful urination weight or
leg pain or swelling yeah and there it
is ladies and gentlemen the miracle of a
childbirth
look at him guys he looks so cute all
right guys I'm not gonna lie I feel kind
of sick after that all right this has
been dr. and that's yourself operating
again all right if you haven't watched
my last doctor video boom go watch it
it's just as disgusting as this one if
you guys want me to continue this as a
series okay where I play these doctor
games because there are a few more on
this website
if we reach 15,000 likes as soon as we
do that I will upload another doctor
video either way they'll think you guys
saw us watching and I'll see you in the
next video man see you later guys love
you bye shut up you baby don't say bye
