breaking news as the story is currently
developing a bank robbery has taken
place at the Royal Bank of London police
are in pursuit as this thief is trying
to escape in his van yes okay okay this
just in
suspect is being reported as 22-year old
Billy Jo what is going through this
man's head
energy where is he hello where the
bloody hell are you I need a ride
oh yeah I'm just parked down the street
okay okay I see you I'm coming now I'm
coming now
okay see you in a bit okay bye now go go
bye bye I'm getting something
apparently a rogue ex-military sniper is
now in position he might be our only
hope
Darrius Billy Joe I've been trying to
kill this man for solo you put the wrong
data rather back
three-two-one
snipers they always shoot me why always
snipers you forgot one thing Billy Joe
snipers hello everyone how's the roar
doing as much a selfie today we are
playing snipers versus thieves I'm a
deep and I just owe so much money oh no
no no now the people who make this game
ask me do you want to make a video on
this game alright so I checked it out to
see if it was good enough and I gotta
say it's probably my favorite game ever
on mobile and they even said to me that
they'll put me in the game so apparently
if you press this ticket on the bottom
right hand corner and if you enter the
code mess and then claim did it bloody
work alright go to mosques and then go
all the way to the right yourself create
a distracting mess for any OCD snipers
you might meet sounds amazing
the snipers and thieves have my face now
wait I just realized I haven't even
explained what this game is so the game
is snipers versus thieves obviously
that's what the game is bloody well
called
so the story is you play as a thief that
has just robbed a bank and the aim of
the game is to run from cover to cover
while dodging and escaping from the
sniper that is trying to shoot and kill
you and you can either play as the
sniper or the thief so I've been playing
this game like every day now ever since
I downloaded it and I absolutely love it
and I know you guys will love it too now
if you click these bloody hands you can
actually join my clan so there's my ID
if you want to add me and talk to me
there's also a chat where we can talk
and oh yeah the clan is called mess
yourself okay and I would love that
every single one of you went and joined
my clan
I think there's a limit on the amount of
people I can have in my clan so as soon
as you reach level 6 okay in this game
go and join my clan okay because I don't
think everyone can get into the clan so
I want as many of you guys to join my
clan alright basically first-come
first-serve so go and download
the game is on iOS it's on Android okay
I would love to play with you guys okay
you can even do like heists okay so we
can like play together in this game it's
pretty cool okay anyway enough bloody
talking okay let's actually play this
goddamn game so I do prefer playing as
the sniper because I love killing your
stupid robbers thinking they can run
away from the bloody bank but for the
sake of the video let's first play as a
thief look there I am I'm a bloody thief
Oh people are joining now yeah I can't
wait to rob this Bank okay let's go to
the rail yard oh no three two one oh no
we just robbed the bloody Bank go
there's everyone what's this guy doing
you to a bloody barrel could it be me
hey okay we got a 1/2 cup up quickly go
go go go go run run run jump I just died
you see that - go go go oh shit oh shit
oh shit I went to this club ah
quickly quickly don't kill me okay fine
I got shot in the face but I survived
look can you see that guys the snipers
right over there it's all about timing
in this game okay dodge yeah okay or one
of us are made out alive oh no guys I
think I'm far behind the snipers gonna
kill me oh no all the snipers right
there
oh no as you see me oh my god I nearly
died okay guys we're gonna run to the
exit careful careful
that's what I'm talking about
alright fine for a new game this time we
are at the bloody docks oh no oh no oh
no dodge don't kill me
alright you have items on the left all
right I think I have a health pack let's
use it so I don't get body shot again Oh
careful job oh don't oh I'm so good at
parkour now we have an adrenaline bar on
the right okay but you need to taunt to
do it oh oh hey come kill me sniper come
kill me oh he didn't kill me I thought
he's gonna kill me right now we can
sprint all right
besides there oh no we go ten seconds go
go
nearly shot me yeah we did it again guys
well done see this is why I love this
game okay because each game is like a
minute long okay and you could just play
as many games until you feel bored I
love it all right I want to see what
other items I have because I have this
bottle and I have this I'd be very
careful man you met careful oh no this
guy's is going for it I think he's gonna
die go get shot quickly use my decoy
right now's our chance oh no the snipers
right there I think he's waiting for me
oh no ok another day another heist this
time we are going to a farm oh no go go
go go go oh look how open this field is
there's no way all of us are gonna make
it come on oh oh okay that was close
go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go okay we're making it alright we need
to talk okay alright now so this is it
we're gonna run for it we're gonna run
for it
go go go don't kill me okay I already
know I'm too good as a thief now let's
kill these bloody robbing fuckers and
the best sniper in the whole bloody
world I'm telling you right now Oh No
hey buddy Rob this bloody farm again
these guys are not stealing the money oh
no there's just way too many of them is
like four of them yeah he died come on
where are the rest of them this guy's 20
minute I got away only through one of
them in jail the subway
what's the robbers doing bloody robbing
the subway time to end their bloody
thieving ways alright I'm gonna try
using one of my items let's use an
explosive bullet wait for it wait for it
damn it I missed this guy's belly love
emojis
come on oh it's kind of books it died
all right quickly use a bloody poison
buddy Bob damn it I missed this boss oh
I couldn't he's played dead this guy
thinks he's gonna get away poison poison
go go go poison poison poison him he's
poison No Oh for the rest of them get
away the wrestling go away so there is
loads of customizations like the rifles
okay I'm actually using the worst gun
there is okay I've only got 26 K so
let's just buy the dog dick rifle so
yeah I do like about this game is that
there are loads of abilities and gadgets
that you can do okay and they kind of
encourage you to try them all because
there's a cool-down
on each and every single one of them so
let's equip an x-ray so we can see where
the thieves are alright now that I've
got a better gun maybe I can kill all
four thieves
y'all gone back to the village oh no the
thieves are robbing the village Oh No
we must stop them we must stop them wait
for it and I've got one quickly use my
x-ray I can't find them there we are
let's go let's go slice this guy's not
getting the way I'm telling that right
now wait for it now no no no I'm not
recording I'm killing all the thieves
every time I play the sniper second I
start recording they keep running away
and taking my money come on yeah kill
this guy little buddy watermelon on his
head and getting away guys I'm telling
this right now they are not getting away
not on my watch go yes
one down come on guys oh there's a guy
yes yes yes why do I always put the
chair one of them I want to kill them
all I'm not gonna give up until I kill
all these thieves so you can also
upgrade your gadgets and I think by
doing that you just open up these
briefcases and you get like tokens which
you can use oh oh oh oh
I got the disguise tokens don't know
what they do probably for thumpers and
disguises okay we're gonna get one we're
gonna get okay
Oh what could it be what could it be I
love how this egg whoo okay and start
this one to unlock okay and we just
gotta wait you know to open them all
right i'ma try something a sniper one
more time but come on now why do I suck
when it soon as I'm recording they're
rocking the bank again there is no way
I'm letting them go this time all right
here we are there's four guys yes all
right I'm not good when I'm recording
okay if you think you can do better go
download the game yourself okay okay
something I haven't actually done before
is apparently we can now do a heist as
like a clan together okay so - join my
clan okay because I don't do this alone
okay I'll just do it by myself okay it's
okay
how hard can it be okay no no you kick
okay
I don't Tornai though no killing spree
space between now go run run time for
the final sprint Go Go great I died okay
I'm just terrible at this game wait
three of us went to jail come on guys
all right okay please only join my clan
if you're good at this game okay okay
you know what I think I'm gonna go and
practice this game all right so I knew I
was gonna get a lot of comments people
saying that I'm bad this game even
though I'm amazing this game okay so
here's an example all right it's the
first game I played as soon as I stopped
recording okay all of these guys went
the same way which is stupid by the way
don't do that because look how easy
they're making it for me they're all
going the same way
anyway I then shot a poison trap okay
and that just did the trick okay that
killed that guy and then this guy I use
another poison trap on all right and
then he ended up dying all right now
this guy over here was just like trying
to get away and I killed this guy as
well all right watch me watching what do
you and
boom that's right I've got a headshot
and the third guy I was like where is he
huh where's the dead guy okay and turns
out he was trying to hide from me but
because it's a time limit he got
arrested
okay and that ladies gentlemen is how
you kill all four thieves okay yeah
that's right all of them I go to jail
now
stupid thieves think you'd make a bloody
steal money from me now like I said at
the beginning of the video feel free to
join my clan okay the game's free
alright go and download it iOS Android
join my clan okay we can have fun and
yeah that's about it if you guys want me
to make more videos on this game if we
reach 10,000 lights I will be very happy
to do so because you know it's fun when
I'm not just dying all the time
either way though guys sauce watching
and I'll see you in the next video man
see the guys love you bah bah you forgot
one thing Billy Joe snipers
always
