wait this game was made by sega hello
everyone how is it all doing as much as
L fit today we are back with the Olympic
Games the video game have made a video
of this game before if you haven't
watched it boom go watch it ok because
in this video we're gonna do all the
games which we didn't do in the last one
we haven't done men's carry shit is
carat and we also haven't done
volleyball way volleyballs Olympics is
representing Great Britain in the
Olympics we're playing against gents
from Germany ok stopping race is Brandon
let's just stop there I am I'm already
cycling what the shit we do what how do
I play the game wait I did cycling in
the last one oh shit everyone's running
go out without me ok I just want to keep
both grace or you bloody should get out
of it in fourth place good knocking off
his bike when you pass me Brandon third
place is Mike
second place okay I'll take it yeah I
run this cycling I'm so good yeah
okay that was just a qualifier so who
gives a shit be by now it's time for
beach volleyball how was that yes I
didn't realize it was a sport either
okay so mess yourself and sumbitch
representing Great Britain and we're
playing against the bloody Switzerland
all right come on mess yourself in
sumbitch all right don't be some bitch
some bitches win the game down these
girls are sexy look at this shit yeah
now I know why Beach volleyballs ass boy
all right this beach volleyball how do I
play oh what an epic dive again okay I'm
to kneel down but don't worry I got time
to save it
oh whoa what did I pick save okay I
thought beach volleyball would be a lot
sexier than this I'm not online God yeah
god yeah this is too hard okay prove it
all right screw this shitty ass game and
playing shitty oz volleyball okay the
girls are going to take off their tops
why am I still watching this three two
one go go go there's no losing yeah it's
a fake this place fourth place third
place come on psycho they get past me
you dumb shit
great project rates five race in there
cycling oh my goodness look how amazing
he was what a chance taken but this
athlete thank you okay thank you thank
you yeah I can cycle boss yeah time I
said time for the best anthem who gives
a shit okay why don't we celebrate just
a fact some guy can ride a bike fast
okay now let's do weightlifting cuz I
didn't do that properly in the last
video and let's also do kayaking in the
bloody board we're done a few pounds
okay let's not start with the maximum
weight let's just start off with 170 kg
that means kilograms okay come on
finances you can do it let's go you fat
piece of shit oh my goodness so mojo
Hajj and Great Britain are in fourth
place hey not bad
some guy from bloody Kenya's in first
place okay we must be bloody cock Regina
cookie from Kenya thinks he can play
live more weight than me we're gonna go
all the way up to bloody 180 come on I
can do this I can do this come on
lifting this bloody controller was so
bloody hard there in fourth place really
cooker cheated 187 okay guys our last
driver we must beat Kikuchi because we
need to qualify I'm gonna risk it and go
all the way up to bloody 200 kilograms
that means kilograms okay come on
concentrate cause you're a brand in
three two one
okay yes so I didn't qualify for the
weightlifting okay you trying to tell me
I put on all that bloody weight for
nothing how exciting is this guys we're
gonna be playing kayaking shit outta
shit do I play this hello okay okay I
can go back forward okay I can go
forward and backwards that's all I know
you bloody shit Oh what that okay I just
got up okay after go through the gates
go alright go full slow intense and now
we need to bloody go through it and then
around through it I went through the
gate the wrong way oh holy go forward oh
my god come on Brandon you can do it
penalty's 12:12 penalties
I mean look like I was doing a good job
let me go come on come on first place
assorted shit with my 12 counties but
apparently that's good wait I want I
mean yeah I won I got 12 penalties yeah
I still won okay not complaining I am
never gonna get bored of this amazing
British anthem god save the queen
all right let's do stop don't think I've
done that before and let's also swim coz
Swimming's funny right here we go press
X to start another player's
significant distance now yeah come on
Brenda come on dude you can set a world
record I know again Oh No well and you
come and say let's go swim there I am
I've now joined the swimming team go
I got a swim swim you dumb shit left
right left right I'm in eighth place
cook come on I can catch up I was six
place oh shit okay it's opera again
let's try and set a world record over
here yeah
I can't believe my cell world record
whoa that is Queen first place yet again
setting a world record yeah yeah someone
trying to beat that world record so
beautiful so brilliant that's it okay
guys it's a hundred meter hurdles now I
really want to see if I can just run
straight through them and not jump at
all
great Jamaica one came an eighth place
place okay let's do it again okay
there's no one named stupid Usain Bolt
beat me come on guys come on everyone
get hyped up I am going to beat you say
boy I swear three two one
place you said boat and got show me oh
come on man I was where I always been
come on Maude okay guys it is now time
for the high jump okay come on I'm gonna
jump so high they got high I could job
guys
three two one okay let's first off with
150 okay why not go go and add oh shit
is that good Oh what you can do better
brand you can do better you do better
speed lock and flick kick shit on my mum
just go click go faster now shit too
fast
Go Go ok that 150 let's move it up all
the way to 160 come on come on come on
come on speed look biggest bump come on
the world records 245
okay let's try 246 then goes whoa okay
okay no okay no any okay how do I play
this oh no I don't know I don't know a
circle Oh doubt left okay oh no April
for Allah for a tee good yeah oh no no
I'm just a bloody backwards flip Oh No
oh so good I'm clapping so I think I'm
happy okay I got oh okay I mess that up
shit I'm starting off like this come on
concentrate brand you could do this some
plates now okay guys where to shoot some
bloody plates come on we can do this go
I got it now they're gonna shoot too
place well damn it
oh I got the second one alright doesn't
matter I still came first alright okay
next up is trampolining okay where
I jump up and down the trampoline now
I've got one at home you don't see me
bloody doing the Olympics I might
literally just jumping up and down this
trampoline that's my sport all right
well I just did a front flip okay and
now just do the back flip I'm just doing
fits this is quite cool actually look at
me jump up and down whoa all right guys
I think I found enough of this
shitty-ass game that was me playing the
Olympic Games the video game part - okay
if you haven't watched part 1 and go
watch it I think it was pretty good at
funny video leave a like if we enjoyed
if we reached 10,000 you know I might do
more games like this you know more sport
games you know thank you guys so much
watching I'll see you in the next video
man so the guys love you buh-bye
regardless I still do love titties
