hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mr. selfie today we are going to be
reacting to story booth animations now
if you guys haven't was I've made so
many videos watching story booth videos
okay they are an amazing channel which
if you have never seen or any videos
from me or from them before like please
go and check out the channel and
subscribe to them okay they make amazing
animations they get like kids from like
all ages to tell like personal stories
all right and some of them are like
really heartwarming all right because
all these kids are like opening up all
right and I think like every child
should watch them all right because you
might learn something
okay now I will watch storybooth videos
in a long long time okay so I've got a
lot of videos to catch up on you know
what I'm saying
the first video the word early watching
is 16 and pregnant oh my goodness okay
this stupid dumb little girl got knocked
up at 16
how could she always use protection kids
okay when I was 16 years old my first
boyfriend oh no his name was Eden I'm at
Eden school and we were assigned to be
chemistry lab chemistry and we just hit
it off who knew that's not funny all
right she's pregnant all right she ends
up getting pregnant by this guy all
right don't laugh and I thought he was a
pretty great guy
anything we talked about oh no he's not
I ran a lot but sometimes I felt like a
relationship with moving too fast
all right boys all right the bunch of
Perth's all right don't let them put you
in stuff like shit like that man I'm a
great role model on a relationship with
moving family so no I love to do
anything intimate or serious until after
marriage which Aidan didn't agree with
everybody we don't kid all right can
everyone wait till they're 18 please all
right please do
please do not like believe some dumb
little boy just because he's like always
pressured me to do things I didn't want
to one time we were just sitting around
watching TV or my bed while my parents
weren't work and I asked him hey do you
want something to eat or drink
oh really we could watch another movie
because this one I didn't kind of watch
the remote and he turned the TV off then
he started telling me things no not that
I didn't want to hear rolled on nobody's
asked him please stop I'm not ready to
do this this girl sounds so young okay
she doesn't even sound 16 she sounds
like 12 okay and man this is what I'm
saying I know I joke around about a lot
but I swear don't trust boys okay they
will say anything just to get into a
bloody panties okay the disgusting boys
all right they got so much hormones all
right there little horny little boys
okay don't trust boys what boys say okay
don't don't trust them when they say
like I wanna be with you forever
shut up okay you stupid boy all right I
don't believe you okay please stop
I want me to do this kind of mud and he
didn't believe me if I didn't do what he
wanted me to do I was faced with a
choice that I would regret for the rest
of my life really did like you and
really did like I want to be with you he
wouldn't put you in that kind of
position like that that's such a mean
thing to say I'm gonna leave you if you
don't like do things with me that is a
very weird thing all right I'm like as
an adult you will only see that as an
adult okay but jeez that's that's so
weird a messed up man creepy Jose de
Indias doing something that I regret
with him fast forward over a month and a
half later maybe
oh no he started feeling different oh I
was craving more different foods so he
can eat when your partner you always
needed a pee I am sometimes I feel kind
of nauseous Oh morning sickness is that
when I start getting nauseous and no no
she's throwing up every day I sleep my
best friend only really looks from here
and she said have you doing anything
lately and everybody really and then I
remembered that night oh yes yes I did
did they not use protection or anything
all my goodness okay you're not know
about protection okay I mean if you're
gonna do it which I suggest you don't at
least until you're 18 or something all
right
is this protection this dumbass boy
didn't even know about protection boys
are stupid and then I remembered that
night I was like yes yes I did
oh and we went to the pharmacy and we
caught a pregnancy test
oh wind you know the test it came
positive oh I remember when it positive
only just held me there as I cried oh
and to look after that day oh no I was
kicked out of my house because I was
this is so bad that okay like this is
your daughter I'm not a parent all right
but I would I would be very upset all
right and I would feel like I should you
know my daughter should know better but
I feel like I'm kind of partly to blame
there are strict Catholic family so I
feel like kicking her out was like the
worst things you could do and now I now
this poor 16 year old is now on the
street and pregnant how is that gonna
help anyone in this situation man be
there to support your daughter
none this dumbass parents man it's out
of my house Oh quite a lesson don't be
taken advantage of your don't you never
be pressured in doing and you don't want
this cuz I have my daughter yeah three
years old and you're going to having her
I do regret having her at the time I did
yeah it's much more difficult for me you
missed out on your life go right now I
am working to get back to school oh
that's good good for you girl always
remember don't do things unless you want
to yeah miss you
- and even if you want to I don't
recommend you should listen a lot about
protection Jesus quite oh my goodness
man okay that that's probably the one of
the worst stories I've ever heard on
story booth for a young girl I feel like
that is the worst thing to ever happen
to you all right to find out that you're
pregnant
at such a young age but Jesus all right
man yeah please do not do please not be
stupid all right like just stay away
from boys all right need to make your
own decisions all right and don't feel
pressure to do anything man oh man
that's such a sad story okay because you
didn't want to do in the first place and
now she has this child and what the hell
happened to Aiden see a baby run away
when is when she when he found out that
she was pregnant oh my goodness on okay
that story just upset me man Jesus or
the next animation that we're going to
be watching is I was made fun of being a
late bloomer so I'm guessing this girl
you know was pretty late to hit puberty
and she was being made fun out of which
come on now that sounds like the most
childish thing ever I don't really care
all right if some random girl you know
how are you what it doesn't have hasn't
got develop the breasts yeah like does
that really like why would you buddy
someone about that but you know what
like a lot of girls are actually
insecure about that or especially ones
that you know do take a girls that do
you know take a little bit more time to
hit puberty and stuff like that but yeah
I can't believe it let's see this girl's
story I'm really skinny but I'm not
anorexic we started developing but I'm
flat oh I don't have my period yet and
that's what I gave made fun of for wait
wait wait what she gets fun all for not
having starting our period yeah oh my
goodness okay as a guy all right I had
no idea that you know like this is
something that like what girls make fun
out of each other for doing something
like this okay
is that normal man I feel like this is
important for guys and girls all right
because this gives you a bit of an
insight you know of the stuff that you
know girls can be insecure about but man
I haven't started my period yet I've
never heard something like that before
all of this started when I was in fourth
grade kids started making fun of me
because everyone started developing and
I didn't
school asking out waves or boobies okay
this is this is the weight story for me
all right
honestly you know yeah like like its I'm
learning a lot
damn all my friends did they had these
really big curves and standing next to
them this made me look like I was a
freakin cereal box Oh me item I trusted
adult like everyone has to do and she
said that I should just ignore that oh
I'm going them is impossible when you
have you see them every single day
and some of them are even your friends
disco ball you talk about their periods
and how big their boobs are and whenever
I try again the conversation they always
say you wouldn't know do girls have
these conversations alright if you're a
girl watching this right now could you
like leave me a comment or and let me
know like it have you guys experienced
something similar okay because yeah this
is this is this is crazy a new to me man
that like some girls are actually
insecure about this man and and like and
I bet some of these school friends of
hers don't even realize how insecure she
is about it but this is what I'm saying
man you should never make fun of anyone
all right just come on now you done but
you don't know what's going on in their
heads all right just be nice to everyone
damnit I think people in sixth grade
everything got even worse Oh everyone's
curves became bigger
oh no I started getting on it too oh oh
yeah the girls get boobies now who
always call you many names like
toothpick popsicle stick oh you tried
eating more to gain weight and my
grandparents notice oh not to just eat
the amount that I want it to in just
leave this pool so sorry doing that and
I felt happy again
but then each Dave grade everyone and
I'm talking about everyone all has
started developing I should developing
as well okay they didn't have my period
and you couldn't this week my boobs some
people don't really want to show their
boobs but in my school it was the other
way around I started a very bra with two
padding isn't it may seem like my office
were bigger
although I was trying really hard to
make it look like I was curvy people
still tease me lunch this boy called me
that I looked like a second grader
I felt like I just couldn't take it
anymore
I just wanted to punch him in the face
yesterday whatever if I'm not curvy I
don't care I didn't know I got home I
cried for a whole hour next day I didn't
want to go to school so I told my mom
that I was sick and she going to the
opposition I got a absent I didn't know
what to do that day and I was going on
YouTube oh I found many inspirational
stories Oh everything clicked in now I
know that I'm supposed to love myself no
matter how I look like whoever whatever
I don't care at all oh it's true
I love myself no oh she like she learned
that not to care man okay yes I'm
talking about on YouTube you know there
is some great advice all right if you
guys are feeling insecure about anything
all right
but like the internet it could be such
an amazing place all right because you
can find people to relate with your
story all right and you can help you and
get through those troubled times but man
okay I actually learned a lot about you
know like the stuff that girls have to
go through a young age man but yeah and
like don't make fun out of anyone man
you'd like just be nice to everyone all
right like this poor girl wasn't even
insecure about it until people started
mentioning it all right like damn I'm
just really sad now watching these
storybooth animations I just feel bad
for all these jeez kids out there all
right the next animations are gonna be
watching is I had a bad experience with
drugs okay all right most these
animations come from kids or I don't
tell me this girl did drugs as a kid
that is like the worst thing you could
possibly do don't do drugs kids
so this incident happened when I was in
high school when I was a sophomore she's
a slam boyfriend at the time which is my
boyfriend still right now okay you weed
brownie that he in that morning from his
cousin no and he freaked out because he
saw the k-9 unit in front of the school
that he was gonna be caught so I said
let's take it and I was foolish because
school I have never taken a weed brownie
before so I didn't know how they worked
or how they affect you although we took
it and I took a little less than half
and I felt fine at the moment
I thought it was an instant thing Oh
period and which was PE opt tennis well
when I started feeling a little woozy
oh no I was laughing at everything yeah
yeah we does that to you okay
the stupid girl or I did it in school
all right it's like the equivalent of
getting drunk at school school is meant
to be a place of learning that you can't
just like bring especially bring drugs
into school I mean I know it wasn't her
that did it it was a stupid dumb
boyfriend but man just throw me in the
trash
okay oh Jesus and once first period
ended I went to the girls locker room
and once I got in there started going in
circles no I started getting dizzy
oh no I felt like I was on a boat I told
my face oh my god I think the brownie
hit all she was like really I'm like yes
I couldn't stand straight I was freaking
out second period in my mouth started
getting so dry instantly as if there was
sandpaper in my mouth oh I sat down to
my second period and again the whole
room started and in slow motion oh she
walked up to me and slow motion and he
said are you okay and I said no please
go to the nurse is she gonna freak and
totally and once I got to the nurse they
sat me down and gave me ice cold water
oh arm just jerked and I accidentally
threw the water floor and the nurses got
mad and I started crying she asked me
what do you feel have you taken any
medications they're mine said I took a
weed brownie this morning oh my goodness
oh my goodness man if I'm not sure about
you guys at school but if I said I like
did drugs at school I'm pretty sure I
would get kicked out of school that is a
complete no like zero tolerance thing
man Jesus Christ oh my goodness so they
freaked out and they called the Vice
Principal and voice from the vice
principal was mad look on her face and I
don't remember anything she told me to
this day
and because I thought I was gonna fall
off a chair I was sitting on I just
remember seeing myself out of my body
Oh once my mom got there to pick me up
oh you know what's going on and when she
found out she was so mad oh and on the
way home I was crying and sobbing and
still everything was going in slow
motion Oh God
me and my grandma at the time were in a
fight and I just ran to her and hugged
her oh right and said I'm sorry I'm
sorry I'm sorry the whole day I just
felt the same way I did it in the
morning oh yes at school but do I regret
it no because if it wasn't for that
brownie I probably would have still not
talked to my grandma okay rekindle our
relationship because lucky lucky go all
right come on now extreme where did you
find where did you get the drugs from
okay who gave you the drugs you are
gonna be kicked out of school right now
don't do drugs especially marijuana
especially at school all right I mean
nowadays like weed is being considered
equal to alcohol all right but just the
same all right there is there is limits
and laws to alcohol all right
you wouldn't go to school drop so why
would you go to school high especially
when you're what in high school still oh
my goodness okay please please be
responsible man all right or the next
animation that were really watching is I
was accused of being racist but I am NOT
how can you be accused of being racist
when you're not racist that was a
negative sense I was born in Germany and
despite the amazing culture that comes
with the country yeah there can be some
cons my family moved to America when I
was two years old and my mom was
absolutely thrilled about it she is a
book nerd she read all of these books
about all of these people and places in
America she want to visit every state
but we settled and Atlanta Georgia
Joel was good enough for us oh and she
was even more excited when my little
brother was born when I was four because
we finally had a complete family in a
place where we wanted to spend the rest
of our life I so what grade when racism
really started to hit our school I was
in a Christian private school and I was
actually quite surprised because God
created everyone equal and this was a
Christian school yeah and I just so
shocked yeah this Christian people are
racist but then again you know the KKK
exists you know and I don't know what
the hell that thinking honestly racism
was probably one of the worst things
yeah is in our modern world today I
agree I agree
I wasn't bullied because of my skin
color or culture no I was bullied
because people thought I was racist and
German as I mentioned before and Germany
does not exactly have the best path yeah
which you know I was friends with Hitler
I thought people thought I was friends
with Hitler okay I feel like kids are
just G no just dumb at this point you
know like like it's fourth grade you
know kids don't know any better all
right they they're just learning about
history class about World War World War
two you know they don't know any better
all right it's just dumb kids being dumb
kids all right but I was friends with
Hitler okay part of the Nazi or
something and is just so shocked because
I never even heard of those things
I went home one day and I asked my
family who's Hitler was the Nazi I was
born in a future Germany in Germany that
believed in equality Germany with
amazing people and places to visit okay
this would be being a bit prejudiced but
like I feel like American kids don't
really know like much about Europe you
know and especially Germany Germany is
one of the most progressive countries in
the world okay like if every country was
like Germany right now we would be
living in like the future I swear to god
kids it's just dumb all right they just
read what they have in a book all right
and just off fed this information all
right and they're probably led to
like be scared of like Germans or I or
whatever even though this what stuff
happened like 40 years ago before this
girl was even born like come on now
people did stupid but not so nice
Germany oh that's what people saw in me
they thought I was one of those not so
nice German all this bull it was really
hurtful I'm all she's cool one day my
dad asked me what was going on at school
why I kept asking him who Hitler was it
was suddenly so interested in past or as
I said earlier not so nice to him
anymore the truth how everyone was
teasing me for being racist even though
I wasn't my dad was kind of shocked
because he didn't really think that just
because I was German people think I
would racist so that weekend we went to
the principal's office when none of the
students were there I told her what was
going on okay and the crazy part she
actually set up a whole assembly about
me and that no one should be judged for
anything yeah I got to know someone that
assembly brought me to tears because she
basically took the words out of my mouth
oh yeah I actually have lots of friends
that are literate cultures and yes I
still get teased for being German but
that's okay because I Know Who I am and
I am NOT racist racist okay man what a
good story I think the main advice that
I would have to give you know is just
don't listen to stereotypes alright and
don't like you know just just think
people are a certain thing even though
you don't know them you know like
everyone is different how are we gonna
move forward as a society if we just
don't if just accept everyone for who
they are you know like let's just stop
seeing where they're from and start
seeing human beings you know and the
second that we start doing that you know
we can then move forward as a society
you know but I feel some people are just
stuck in the past you know and what I
call them idiots okay the next video
that we're gonna be reacting to is I got
the talk in school now I guess
you'll have to learn about you know like
the birds and the bees you know and you
know just like our ding-dongs and our
who hauls and stuff like that buddy
I've never got the talk in school is a
thing that happens in America I don't
know actually cuz you know like I was
never taught that so I was in the fifth
grade okay teacher says down today
you're going to be learning about
periods and the parts the body the
reproductive system the teacher made all
the boys go to a different classroom
that'll be so weird
the boys learn about the girls private
well I mean I feel like the boys need to
know also about how that stuff kind of
works as well you know but yeah I can
understand why they probably separated
them because you know kids like that
they're so young here you know and yeah
boys and girls you know about this shit
okay boy
the weirdest person in the world I was
so experienced and she made us a penis
but I said okay I don't wanna say no
penis now I'll say vagina let's say your
penis out loud okay why did the teacher
make them say he penis and vagina out
loud okay she had a pass around a pad
and she was like don't be afraid to tell
me if you're on your period because I
had heard back of pads and I called a
teacher's lounge
awesome don't be afraid to come to me
come to mr. Potter as we know and he has
no life so he knows across the hall
screaming vagina and a couple of minutes
ago I was like image samples panty
liners the boys got sample of deodorant
yeah that is my story okay so the school
you know taught them about this kind of
stuff I mean I think that's kind of good
you know I I feel like fourth grades a
little bit too young but then again you
know some some some girls get their
periods are very young age well that's
the talk in school all right let me know
in the comments if you guys get the
talking school alright cuz I never got
that alright I mean I learned like the
sign like that the science behind it you
know like the reproductive like system
you know and what actually happens when
girl gets up here and stuff like that
you know but yeah we learned that in
science class okay we're just gonna
watch one more story booth animation and
the one I want to watch is we wouldn't
let the different girl sit with us at
one lunch time oh that's so sad why
would this go different and I understand
and what why can't just let this poor
girl sit with you I sit with this group
of friends at my lunch and their names
are summer Morgan Linnea
na mila okay and when it comes to new
people sitting with us we're really
selective why because we all talk about
the same stuff and we're scared that we
might not have anything in common with
me by eventually one day when we were
all sitting at lunch this girl her name
was Monica Monica and she was mentally
challenged oh he did speak but for
coping mechanisms I guess she opening
made weird noises oh and like grinding
noises like growling stuff like that oh
okay I don't think that's a coping
mechanism I I think that's that's
probably part of a condition you know I
know people with Tourette's are quite
fidgety and make noises and stuff yeah
that's not a coping mechanism that's
that's that's that's definitely a part
of her you know condition anyway
oh we were skeptical about her sitting
with us but eventually we agreed okay I
started to get weird from there oh she
started yelling out like a cuckoo clock
like oh go keep go keep go and okay
she was screaming at us and we were all
weirded out from that and we just wanted
to get rid of her we didn't want her sit
with us at the table so we figured out a
plan to get rid of her and get her hey
we're gonna go sit in the multi-purpose
room do you want to come join us and
then she got all excited and left before
us and we never followed her we just
said our own table and talked about how
dumb she was and I laughed about it and
after we were laughing about how dumb
she was the lunch monitor who was also
our gym teacher yelled at us saying that
we shouldn't be treating yes
challenged that's so disrespectful okay
this person did not like like this
person was born with with this condition
you know like put yourself in their
shoes that they didn't choose to have
this condition imagine you know making
fun out of someone for something that
they have no control over you know like
that's such a that is a such a horrible
thing to do man please oh man Jesus and
we felt bad about it yeah and good after
the gym teacher yelled at us yes
Morgan's summer Hannah and I we were
thinking of a plan to make it up to her
looked good so one day when she was
sitting at lunch by herself she was sad
Oh Morgan and I went up to her and we
apologized for how we abandoned her good
and we asked her if she wanted to come
sit with us from now on good and she
said yes she joined us and we ended up
having a great time oh she is now my
friend and we do a lot together or and
Monica and I we all hang out at the
lunch table oh do stuff after school oh
now I know you should never ever treat
someone who's mentally challenged
differently
yeah just like us of course that's true
I learned in my lesson okay I've never
done that again okay I'm glad you
learned a lesson man yeah I feel like
kids you know they just don't they just
don't understand you know like and I
feel like you know these videos help
kids understand you know but yeah like
yeah just treat everyone the same I get
it you know like someone who has a
condition like that you know it might be
kind of hard to talk to them or you
might feel a bit awkward at times but
you know let's do a person they still
have a brain you can still talk to them
you know and they would understand what
you're saying you know like yeah just
you know just like it give it give
someone a chance you know because like
to them like they love it and they would
really appreciate something someone like
doing something like that you know okay
ladies gentlemen and that was me
reacting to more story boobs I have
missed story booth so much Ivan watch
story booth videos in a long long
man so yeah if you guys want me to make
another video on story booth and maybe
bring it back okay because you know what
I enjoy watching these videos today and
I hope you guys did too I mean clearly
you did if you're watching like right
now to the end
so yeah this video is just like I don't
know like 50,000 likes I will make
another storybooth video either way
though I want to thank you guys so much
for watching go subscribe to story booth
down description and I'll see you in the
next video buh-bye
where did you get the dog squad
