oh hello everyone how is it wrongdoing
is mr. sofa today we are playing back
you're bossy so imagine this it's a
Monday morning and you are so tired at
work and then your bloody boss I don't
know where listen love you shit have you
been doing your work of course I've been
doing my work well it's not bloody
enough if you work so you feel so angry
that your boss is being a real asshole
so you grab the nearest thing and then
you just go and then you realize you
just killed your boss then the police
show up then they throw you in jail and
now you know you're in jail for the rest
of your life what was my point in saying
all that anyway more than the story your
boss can be an asshole sometimes so
instead of being in jail your whole life
because your boss is an asshole you can
take out your rage on this whack your
boss game where you can whack your boss
get it whack your boss your whack your
boss every youtubers shit apart from me
they're not all shit just know they're
all shit yeah they're all shit
oK we've got a guy what oh he's as boss
no no no no no no wrong wrong wrong
wrote it's come to my attention that
you're not measuring up I'm not you'll
need to stay late right again okay with
no / - no your project has to be
completely redone what you can't seem to
do anything right I'm gonna have to
write you up again - for what did you
get the memo about the pay cut you're
making me angry
I just beat the shit out of him with a
mug and now I'm just playing games on my
computer okay bill explained you
couldn't just say you know like left
your job you know didn't have to like
kill him with a bloody mug let's hire
out a bloody cleaner
oh he clean the bloody room it's as if
he never died no no no okay one two
three four five six seven
apparently there are seven ways to kill
your shitty boss I'm sure there was more
oh I found a version in the game where
there's more let's do that alright next
one we're gonna do is the bloody
scissors oh this is graphic we're gonna
do what you're gonna do next I'm going
to is the bloody telephone what we're
gonna do call his bloody wife and sleep
with all hello yes this is my boss's
wife yeah I want to sleep with you cuz
that's how cheating relationships work
oh my god don't do anything else next
one we're gonna do is the bloody lumpy
Oh No okay oh no switching Oh is he
still alive
oh no no it's Betty foot no no no don't
worry don't worry let's get electrocuted
as bloody 40 or next one we're gonna
look in my bloody drawer
stop have you lost your mind
what interrupting me in the middle of a
sentence what I asked for synergy and
you can be
what's that but what was what file
shouldn't be there what was what is it
my god that one's wrong - what no this
one's wrong no this one - no wait a
second
can I close the bloody draw
what a bloody shit am I playing in this
dumb shit
alright next we're gonna use is the
bloody computer oh oh oh oh it's box
give oh god is dead okay no no the oh
wait a second I can use my bloody hands
look at my hands that's okay oh I just
punched him oh oh oh okay what's
happening Oh God
oh okay it was just me punching my but
there's also one where I can use this
bloody stool oh God
oh wait I'm taking up my pants no God
buddy oh okay alright he was just
trapped his back I thought he was gonna
put his buddy Willie in his mouth oh god
where's he forcing him now
he pushed his boss off the bloody floor
oh my god he just fell to his death or
next one is the briefcase oh no oh oh oh
God oh okay oh now this face is all red
oh are you okay
oh no oh no oh he stopped thank God
oh Jesus Christ I think I've got the
stomach to do these bloody shitty
titties we have a second I can click on
his bloody pencil Oh God I just stopped
him in the back of his neck bypass okay
if we go to the left we can use the
water tank Oh God okay punch him you're
gonna make him drink the water on you
you're gonna bloody drown him what what
the shit is this game I don't understand
I was gonna do a joke with my wall but I
have one here now if I did have a wall
ball next to me I would have grabbed it
shoved it in my mouth a little
yeah maybe I shouldn't have done that
joke cuz now I'm all wet why would I do
that I got water everywhere okay I'm
gonna change now I've got a no top one
you like it or next one is this bloody
hole wall oh god what I'm gonna do
what's happening what's happening oh oh
no guys guys guys okay okay you know
what I kind of don't want to know what
happened buying that wall Jesus Christ
okay next I'm gonna do is throw a peg on
this coat oh god I can imagine its face
going through that and I don't want had
to happen oh god no no alright next one
we're gonna use the bloody golf club oh
shit okay
oh no oh god oh god oh no oh oh oh it's
not ending it's now go oh he keeps going
oh okay that's enough this is just way
too much violence I just don't know what
else to do except to just go out ow that
hurt II wait a second can I click on his
cock irony I mean clock clock clock club
Oh Oh No uh what why is he possibly my
friend help me oh god oh god okay okay
okay you done I love how my friend just
passed me the clock he was like okay
it's time it's time to kill my boss
apparently the next one is this bloody
cupboard
dumbass shit can't even grab a stupid
draw Oh close it and okay have we done
the pretty keyboard I don't think that
we have okay okay okay okay the keep was
brokered just just stop oh you made me
bloody swallow my keyboard all right
next up is the bloody ruler Oh
we just playing games afterwards like
nothing just happened let's do this
stapler next I bet he's gonna bloody
stay please oh no oh no he's not done I
know he's not God he's gonna bleep
staple his face told you I called it so
we've got a bottle over here a bottle
can't be that bad come on now
Oh God Oh what's with the fancy awesome
heel stick okay you're just doing all
this shit okay alright okay so here we
have an umbrella
oh I Pierce an umbrella through his body
oh good okay I can't want this to be
over I feel sorry for my boss now okay
he was an hour so at the start but now I
just feel sorry for him we've got a
trash can over here let's do that one
next
Oh
okay think is dead now only this game
with 27 ways of Android
I don't own a shitty ass Android does it
look like my YouTube videos look like
this okay I probably just pissed off a
lot of Android users oh look at it see
this is the bloody human paintbrush I
don't know what the hell that is oh oh
it was a knife oh oh oh oh my god he
went face-first in his bloody organs
okay guys I'm gonna end the video there
I did 23 out of 24 I think the other one
is just this shitty Android one there
are other wet kill games so if you would
like me to play any of the other wacky
games if we reach 10,000 likes in this
video I will definitely do that either
way those guys source watching and I'll
see you in the next video buh-bye
