hello everyone how is everyone doing is
mr. selfie today I am super excited
because we are finally back of the six
lot months with stop walking around with
her bloody hands behind our head
oh hey yarn dairy I'm part of the school
council the police school council if
these girls are part of the school
council that means if I do anything bad
they will bloody tell on me look at her
guys
she's patrolling the school making sure
they don't have the bloody authority to
tie me up like this is some kinky us oh
look at that bum though and I forgot how
much of a pervert I am so yes guys there
has been so many new updates one of them
being they have added student council
students and this is the bloody room
that they're working in oh my goodness
this is kind of scary
wait what what's the bloody key doing on
my head get off my head you bloody
stupid get it back boys this game has
gotten a lot harder because these stupid
students roam around the school and if
they see any bad shit they will bloody
attack you I've got my eyes on you yon
dory I don't give a shit about you
stupid back off your beta shape I want
to be your friend yawn dory
so another update to this game laser
gentlemen is that they have added a head
master to the game is he in here can I
talk to him Darius the bloody
Headmaster's right there and Master
it's it's you it's a male that would be
impossible you must be her daughter her
daughter there is nothing for you to
achieve here
just get out what what do you mean by
the headmaster I'm the daughter of
someone what are you talking about just
leave my office right now your diary you
don't want to know where this goes get
out what if I don't what if I come
closer you don't want to do that you're
dirty uh NORs another stone who use
self-defense if I deem it necessary no
no no don't do stuff without defense I
don't want to play to get shot wise
decision what shit oh my goodness my
principal was gonna shoot me
listen teach I don't want no trouble
okay I'm warning you Gandhari take one
more step without shoot enough of this
nonsense
what
question mark question mark question
mark what the shit was that all about
why is my principal saying these things
and why he bloody shoot me in the face
Jesus Christ what kind of school am I
going to right now okay they've added a
lot of crazy things I am NOT going to
lie but this last update is definitely
the craziest of them all they have added
ponies in the game like oh my god I saw
Becky kissing max after school she is
literally I her so much oh my god oh my
god oh my god guys Becky's standing
right next to us look at these stupid
guards buddy walking to school there's
such a bullies Oh as soon as they
walking to school they're on the phone
set these stupid-ass police all they do
is bully and look at their stupid-ass
phones oh but they got a nice awesome
look at shit yeah I mean ah I mean what
now by adding bullies because they're on
their phone all the time if they see you
commit a murder
they will bloody record it and send it
to the bloody poopoo let's kill someone
in front of them and see their reaction
the shit this guy's bloody in this room
painting oh don't find me I'm just I
want to see William painting oh I wasn't
expecting that
keep it up you're doing a good job pick
up this box cutter oh no no no I haven't
got a weapon just scored up was he kind
on my head yeah alright this girl's
patrolling the roof time to kill this
girl right in front of her alright wait
for it wait for it and
oh no you don't go I'm gonna chase you
down by God exposed ah let's try this
again
killa that's ready to see that time is
stupid ass bitch stupid ass tree that's
what you get you stupid girl for looking
a damn phone all day you stupid ass
alright now the thing about these girls
they are actually bullies okay and if a
student has a really bad reputation then
all of these girls will target that
student and then all bully them I'll
shut up you stupid girls okay always on
your shitty ass phone now the question
is which one of these students do I want
to bully should i bully a bloody purple
chance of white guys so happy you know
what guys I think we pick on purple
chant way too much we are going to bully
bloody green each an odd stupid-ass name
so at the moment her reputation is
neutral neutral so that is a neutral
neutral neutral
but if I press - reputation is now -90
now no one likes green EOS Chan I'm so
sad at school because everyone keeps
bullying me because of my green hair
Oh piss off okay no one cares about you
anymore in this game my cool ass new
shoes I love my new shoes have you been
senpai actually are you okay yeah yeah
I'm great I'm just chilling why can I
help you no just starting it like
everyone else done a little concerned
about what excuse me Oh would you please
stop doing that
you're scaring me scaring you can never
face my senpai again become a real shit
alright anyway if we follow round
greenie Chan she will be bullied at many
points in the bloody game now if my
calculations are correct all of the
bullies will now target her all at once
hang on a second they're not splitting
off they're all going the same way
they're all going upstairs where are
they going - they're coming in the
classroom what are they doing what are
they doing no what are you doing you're
writing something on bloody greeny chats
test what are you writing what are you
writing
I dare you to go jump off the roof oh my
god they wrote all these mean things on
greeny chance
I know kitty that is so so sad do not
bully kids kids what oh my goodness that
is so sad to write these mean mean
things on greeny Chan's desk what do you
think greeny Chad's reactions gonna be
oh she doesn't want me to take a picture
of her anymore
bully me like everyone else I will never
put a you greenie Chan because she is
guys we don't need you it worthless you
had no watch help is actually the
meanest thing I have ever seen
I feel so bad for greenie Chan okay so
it's time for lunch time everyone's off
to lunch
greenie Chan you're not going to lunch
stop picking on bloody greenie Chauncey
did not they grow oh no another one's
coming oh my goodness the police are all
surrounding her they're all bullying her
at once
my god that's so mean
greenie chat I'm so sorry I had no idea
that we're gonna do that oh it's okay
your daughter it's not your fault no
don't say that greenie Chan we must get
off sweet sweet roughing
okay all the bullies are now dead more
of the story is I don't think there is
one oh I mean I don't bully people oh
yeah that's that's the more in the story
yeah okay guys I'm gonna end the video
here if you guys want to see another
yonder rate video okay as soon as we
reach 10,000 likes I will make another
episode if any of you guys have not seen
my yandere simulator videos they happen
to be one of my favorite videos on the
channel okay so I'm gonna put up a
playlist right here okay and go watch
them all right like they got really good
from like the middle of the playlist
okay so yeah I would recommend you watch
that hope you guys did enjoy I
definitely did I'll see you very soon
with another video buh-bye
