quickly quickly is the emergency cuz
it's a goddamn emergency okay right now
we have a patient that has an ingrown
toenail and he needs it removed and if
he doesn't have it removed he's going to
die okay guys hello it is dr. mess
yourself okay I have been studying for
the past ten years of my life in the
hopes that one day I will become a
doctor they say I am the best doctor in
the whole goddamn world you want a nice
surgery just make an incision right here
do you want a new area with just one
quick incision do you need a new just
make this surgery may contain graphic
procedures and inappropriate for
children okay I did not study for so
many years becoming a doctor for you
kids to bloody not like this shit don't
worry guys I know what I'm doing I
performed brain surgery this morning
okay
and here it is okay um wait wasn't meant
to put this in his brain surgery squad
hello and welcome to surgery squad's
virtual ingrown toenail removal hello
I'm dr. Jeff dr. Jeff an ingrown toenail
happens when the edge of the toenail
grows down and into the flesh of the
toenail is usually caused when extra
pressure is applied to the toe to do the
shoes that are too tight or too loose
improperly trim toenails
foot or toe deformities injuries and
fungal issues can also be contributing
factors to suspect but remember that you
should never attempt to remove an
ingrown toenail yourself yes remember
guys now don't do that shit let's put on
our gloves and remove one miss Porter no
gloves I don't use gloves okay so I'm
pulling in surgery let's begin by
disinfecting the toe guys Dottie osto
all right salt now
need to numb the toe with a local
anesthetic okay you'll have to inject
the anesthetic in several locations
around the toe okay let's first inject
the anesthetic right here
oh no it's pretty bleeding now oh my god
again one more time now we'll wait a few
minutes for the toe to get numb okay all
right way of that Jesus Oh
funky music now that our patients toe is
numb place the special tourniquet around
the toe okay all right so put on the
elastic band over the top Oh
carefully slide one blade of the nail
and vil under the affected nail what no
no I don't want to cut this guy's dr.
Ostrow look at it okay so we're gonna
cut the toe now up we're going to go
down the nail until we feel a little bit
of resistance okay we're gonna do it
we're gonna do it in three two one
okay okay just remember it's hard being
a doctor it's hard being a doctor take
the forceps and carefully remove the
ingrown nail oh my god this is horrible
oh no I don't remove it what's gonna be
under this guy's toes toenails are not
meant to be removed okay then let just
stay on your toes and stay there forever
here we go this is disgusting okay well
I didn't know what tell me in my ten
years of study that I have to take out
people's toes for my job I did not study
all these goddamn years to be taking out
toenails from dirty assholes okay wipe
away the blood oh god this is disgusting
it looks like the patient has a bit of
infection in the toe okay
firmly squeeze the edge of the toe to
get as much of that infection out as you
can what okay I'm not gonna lie for me
toes are disgusting I hate toes let
alone some disgusting ingrown toenail
but we're not done yet we're going to
apply some fennel acid to the wound and
this will ensure that the problem of in
growth will not reoccur in this toe oh
ok where does it go when you're done
installing the assets I'll remove the
tourniquet I will finish up by applying
some antibiotic ointment on a sterile
gun ok antivirus of course you need that
all right it's gonna get disinfected
otherwise place it against the toe okay
wrap it in a gossip and egde okay there
you go all right doc dr. Lucas dr. Yost
toe anymore since there was some obvious
infection our patient will be sent home
with a prescription for some antibiotics
okay while our patients toenail isn't
likely to regrow
his condition is likely to return if he
doesn't take care of his feet
okay this includes wearing proper
fitting shoes properly dude I wouldn't
give a shit about this is shit okay and
that's how we remove an ingrown toenail
okay you did a great job today I did too
a good job it is so hard being a goddamn
doctor oh my god Oh guys will sleep oh
shit oh shit oh shit
okay guys we have to spot him another
patient okay another patient it needs a
pacemaker okay he needs me to operate
heart surgery honest we need to now
perform heart surgery he trusts me
that's the best doctor in the whole of
the world
don't let he save his life okay let's
start the shit all know the amateurs
here we need to operate we need to
operate right now warning that this game
contains graphic perceptions of surgery
don't worry guys I will protect you
while you're here meet William William
has a hot problem my heart hurts the
conduction system which controls the
hearts rhythmic beating through
electrical impulses is failing because
you guys aren't doctors you guys don't
know what that means
I don't know what it means either we may
need to place a pacemaker in his chest
to regulate his heartbeat so that's what
pacemakers do oh I mean I knew that I
knew that first we need to check the
current condition of his heart we must
take a blood sample how do we take a
blood sample is it through this room is
it through this room or is it the one
where its showing blood
this one is this one to start the
procedure please figure out the
torniquet from the table of money what
takane no with his buddy torniquet is
alright first we wrap it round his arm
like that okay well that was cool pull
the strap so it's extra tight Oh icky
sounding you can now tap the forearm a
couple of times to make it a vein more
visible that's a fake tap tap tap tap
tap tap
oh the vein showed up that's kind of
magic I'm not gonna lie why disinfect
the area let's use sanitizer wipes wipe
his bunny should be on now we pick up
the butterfly needle insert it and then
I'm trained for this come on Brandon
then we take an empty file put it in
here and take out his blood oh god I
hate blood I hate blood why I become a
doctor
I hate bloody blood alright now we
remove the needle okay I'll put the
bloody plaster on it okay because that's
gonna hurt later on okay because now
check his blood oh well any of these
things are caught I mean I know what
they're called I'm a doctor he seems to
have a low number of red blood cells
what the shit is that electrocardiogram
is it this door oh okay I'm sorry I know
what room to go in okay going out from
Jesus Christ alright I walked into a
wrong room why are you being so mean
now what the electrons do they um you
know just just place on this chestnut I
know they do then we pick up the
electrode holder and do that then we
turn on the ECG machine alright we can
now see the rhythm of Williams heart as
you can see right here his heartbeats
they seem very irregular this proves
that William means a pacemaker in his
bloody chest okay we must now go to the
operating room is it this one the first
thing we do guys is give this guy
anesthetic okay we need to inject him
with anesthetic so he passes out and
doesn't feel a thing
take the syringe or I put it here and
there we go he is now good anesthetic in
him we will now sterilize the chest grab
the cotton dip it in antiseptic solution
now we apply the solution on his chest
oh we're rubbing your chest William you
like that shit yeah that shit right next
we pick up the marker and we're gonna
draw where we are going to cut him open
oh there we go drawing with a sharpie
sound like for guys this is a bit of a
warning this next part is not for the
squeamish we take the scalpel and we
start making the incision dumbass local
guys you can hear his heartbeat okay we
only have two minutes and 50 seconds
otherwise my patient will die on the
table
we need sanitizer wipes wipe down all
the blood oh my goodness this is so
scary oh my god he's gonna die right now
we pick up the retractors and we use it
to hold the incision open Oh cut the
layer of fat okay oh shit is that I've
never seen that shit before or human
alright now we take these leads insert
the leech into the cephalic vein uh-hmm
whoa the vein is directly connected to
his heart whoa okay I know I've got a
minute to complete this operation but I
kind of want to see what happens if if
if he dies I want to see if the game's
like no 5 4 3 2
my god will you okay guys we are now
ready to insert the bloody pacemaker oh
my god
what does shit is is this what a
pacemaker is we're just gonna chuck it
in there remove the it retractors okay
we're just we're just gonna just put it
in there just just chuck it in there and
hopefully or what all right now we need
to bloody sew up his bloody disgusting
little chest needle and thread here we
go baby oh oh oh it's slowing up a wound
literally that easy now we take the
patch and then we place it over here and
and and that says shave me thank you dr.
Mays yourself okay we saved another
patient see this is what's great about
being a doctor you know saving lives for
people with need you know what a great
feeling okay guys it is time for dr.
mess yourself to call it a day if you
would like to see me make more surgery
games with dr. Monsieur self let me know
by leaving a like if we reach our no
10,000 likes I will definitely you know
make another surgery game video why not
thank you guys so much for watching I
love each and every single one of you so
much and I'll see you in the next video
buh-bye
