hello everyone how is it all doing is
measure Sophia today we are playing back
your ex see if you guys don't know what
this game is it is a game where you have
to choose the fate of your ex-boyfriend
or girlfriend like for example if I
click this first I guess something Wow
oh my god or if I click this car I'm
guessing a collar all right first things
first
let's go with a lap Adobe alright so it
brings out the Oman you just gotta hit
the shit out of Oh with a laptop okay I
know this is just a flash game but don't
hit anyone with a laptop by laptop oh
boy this item looks like a present
bloody press be a baby box what did she
just bloody shit on my okay so he's like
so he opens it
it's gloves and she's like oh it wasn't
that bad what kind of crazy
shaky or now spicy alright next stop is
the car I'm guessing it's a it's gonna
be something with a car oh poor guy he's
like wait a second he's bloody dad
that's bloody kissing his bloody girl
Jesus Christ this girl's a bloody savage
fleshy bloody shit on me then she's now
sleeping with my dad alright next up is
this brown thing now I kinda looks like
a bit of poo poo poo poo poo you guys
seen that I'll put it in right now fuck
it I'm here in the capacity as the
chairman of the national task force
against homosexuality in Uganda okay
let's click the poo poo oh no
no no oh God
that shoot the poopoo wife with this
bloody games obsession with the poo
keep the poopoo in your bum or in the
toilet I don't want to see that shit
anywhere else okay alright let's click
this little box look at this little box
do okay look at it it's so tiny
what's it gonna do oh what's that
building a fort okay and then alright
let's pick this box of chocolates mama
Oh sir laughs as like a box of
chocolates
stupid Forrest Gump and an axe and holy
shit okay um why did they always bloody
die in this game wait a second is this a
secret bloody level whoa what the is
he's standing on a tightrope
well next up is this cute little present
I'm gonna open it now football I don't
want this shit well it's for me bitch
I'm gonna put it out and and fly away
and burn huh oh my god okay too much you
know or next up is my bloody shoe okay
you just kick the shit out of her and
run away with a new girl Wow
Wow Wow come on guys at one point you
guys loved each other and now you're
bloody doing all this naughty shit okay
just think about the good time okay last
thing on the left side is the bloody
credit card uh-oh is she gonna take all
my bloody money money money ching ching
dollar dollar Oh a nice fuck Oh a tiara
a bloody new car oh no she took my money
bought a bunch of shit then she ran me
over with the car this is a nice woman I
fell in love with alright now we move on
to the right side this one looks like a
party hat maybe a pretty monkey oh it
was a party hat whose part is it now
take the balloon
okay then I high-five the monkey how
comes the monkey didn't fly away when he
carried the balloons over to me you know
it's just not asking any questions okay
he's a bloody flashy game flash game
like I flashed my pits now bye next up
is the belly's offer Oh Oh was that at
least sulfur in the background
they were look again guys he's got no
hedgehogs down there anyway chillin on
the sofa now watching the football game
and then oh no no no no no not again oh
she bloody exploded everything with a
bazooka
oh no no next stop is this thing it
looks like a plane II play me Oh plan
this is oh it's writing something you
bastard I thought the plane was gonna
fly into them and bloody kill them but I
said we got a stupid chainsaw to the
face all right we had the guy's shoe
before now we're doing the lazy shoe
m'lady interest you in a new pair of
shoes no bitch oh noes get it ladies
like shoes seriously though why do
ladies like shoes okay it's just
something that goes on your foot or next
up is the bloody Oh
okay what does sit on my face you took a
shit on my face shit on my face anyway
we're nearly done now we just have three
more all right this one is a girl
Oh sexy love goes go ahead oh all right
this one I don't know what looks like so
I can't make a joke about whatever it is
okay well looks like we are now on the
very last one it's a control panel press
the button and right okay okay Sharkey
came and bloody ate my bloody face off
alright well that was whack your ex okay
yeah moral of the story if you're gonna
hurt your ex this much you probably
shouldn't have gotten a relationship
with them in the first place you know
what I'm saying
all good moment when your exits on your
face alright I want you guys to do is
comment which person you think got it
worse the man or the female I think the
man got it worse you know ever since she
took a shit on my face I want you to
comment what you guys think there are
also other whack your games like whack
your boss computer burglar cheater
neighbor okay I might make one video
playing all of them I don't know what do
you guys think let me know if we reach
let's say 10,000 likes I'll play another
whack your game do you know why don't
you guys stop watching see in the next
video
