hello everyone how is it all doing as
much as over today we are playing
akinator everybody my name is aqua Nader
living lizard lump give it a low but I
will come on how can I do you bloody
power no one wants to rob your stupid
lamp now if you haven't heard of acne
it's a bloody genie who can guess
anything or anyone that's right if you
think of Pikachu
I guess Pikachu if you would think of
Shrek I think of Shrek I'm eating
blueberries this video wait a second how
many times this game been played before
555 million 69 thousand and nine times
you know you've got nothing better to do
the bloody play with this bloody genie
that's right Brandon I'm a busy boy did
I say could fall over now today's video
lays German we are doing something that
has been never done before
it probably has actually I'm just trying
to make you guys excited I am going to
see if a connector couldn't bloody guess
himself bloody guess akinator I don't
believe it's gonna happen let us find
out see I can say anything I want and it
will just end up being cut from the
video okay Brandon first me how old are
you 21 I don't know why I did that I'm
not 21 I'm 22 it's kind of sad that the
older you get the more you forget how
old you are should be a quote or
something while I eat my blueberries
okay Brad question number one is your
character a female a female I don't see
a bloody peepee on the genie where's
your bloody peepee akinator
I have a pee-pee I swear check between
my legs oh no it's bloody on to be okay
I'm gonna say I don't know okay can i up
does not like to assign themselves to a
certain gender question number two is
your character a Pikachu Pikachu pok√©mon
go case shit non-place that shit anymore
no I could make is not Pokemon he's a
bloody a connector okay tell me what's
your type - already famous in the 60s I
don't know what was a connector doing in
the bloody sixties am i saying no I
don't think a canal was famous in the
60s okay tell me an animal goes woof
woof on now meow woof woof meow meow
akinator I must say no he's not a bloody
woof woof hmm ok well tell me this does
your character have the hair I don't
know can I ask
aranaut you're right he does have a
little bit of hair he also has a bit of
hair when his buddy mochi mochi starchy
I must say yes he has the hair okay
Brandon tell me this is your character
the real real economy is real human
being he's a bloody robot on the website
I mean those are character their shoes
now for walkin see just has a bloody
squiggly at the could be wearing a shoe
inside of the lamp
okay I'm gonna say does not wear the
bloody shoes cuz I cannot see a shoe on
this bloody shoe man
no does your tired girl like chocolate
chocolate I like chocolate my favorite
chocolate is a mars bar coming now
what's your favourite chocolate like I
give a shit
I like Maltesers Brandon no one cares a
connecter honest say no okay I don't
know if I can ever like stop you but I
don't care no so character play GTA I
don't know I mean he might do oh hello
everybody my name is akinator place we
are playing GTA 5 today we are going to
go to the beach oh I love GTA is such a
good gamer I mean he probably does in
the spare time but I must say no is your
character in the Bible trifle I don't
know what that is
so no does your character smell I don't
know let's smell it does kind of smelly
smelly of curry but realistically no it
doesn't okay tell me this is your
character half the fee listen uh can I
have already done a skit with my foot
alright and ended up me falling off my
chair there's anybody other than you
know them oh shit I mean yes we
clarified 500 million people have played
this game I'm thinking I'm thinking I've
almost got it
I've almost got it is you know character
oh my baby akinator is a bloody Genie no
no this kind of beat I can as surely
cannot guess himself I'm gonna say yes
okay he didn't get some stuff oh okay
pretty obvious question right yeah there
okay we're back to stupid questions now
is your character a child I mean I'm
pretty young but I wouldn't say I'm a
child
shut up a kunia genies are like a
million years old call me or do pieces
no it's not a bloody child
you bloody thought you could get me but
I've got it now
can you see your character Oh guys um
you're gonna acne oh right now I'm
looking at him okay I can see I'm going
to have to click yes
is your character a coach you try to
tell me there's a genie out there that's
also a coach no he's not a coach you are
so I can tell why he whistling oh it's
because I'm calculating Brandon I think
I am very close to answering your bloody
our character you are are you watching
yo character right now
no he knows he knows he knows he knows
he knows he knows that I'm looking at
him right now he knows that I'm thinking
of him okay here goes nothing let's
click yes your character is
oh no I wasn't sure that was gonna work
oh my bloody god I guessed it right once
again oh my bloody God I guessed it
right again wait wait hang on a second
no I guessed it
no I guessed it no I did I I can 800
know I know you're just me guess it's
you you are just a cue later I am oh no
guys they were arguing remember when I
said no one's ever guessed I can air
before well apparently he's been guessed
232 thousand times whoops okay
aconite I can guess himself a big whoop
no one gives a titty now my next
character is gonna be a new one it is
Ugandan knuckles
this is Uganda knuckles akinator will
show you to well show you too late to
that Queen acclimatise the Queen
she will show you the way we will take
the Queen back to Uganda we will show
that win the whip okay question number
one does your character West shoes
blueberry break ofl does it look like
that knuckles wet a shoe in Uganda we
could not afford shoes we wear sandals I
mean I don't see shoes on any of these
knuckles Aziz so I'm gonna say no no
they're not to look like the shoes back
right or tell me this is your character
Jeannie we're not getting you any more
you dumbass Jeannie awesome it's your
character for five nights at freddys no
okay no one plays that's where the
jump-scare from five nights at freddys
well this is a tricky one
does your character stand on two legs I
would say yes this your character
originally from a video day oh well the
thing is knuckles
it's from a video game but does that
make you gone do not cause bloody from a
video game I mean it's mainly popular
from VR chat which is a game I would say
yes Uganda knuckles is from Uganda but
also from the Sonic series doesn't
connect appear in the bloody Mario games
Mario no he's from the Sonic series okay
is he heavy I don't know no he's not
from Zelda so tell me who's your
character
Anna moon is my character and animal I
mean I think knuckles is an animal right
it's a bloody HLR what's the bloody
enchilada enchiladas it's bloody ugly
ass hey Chuck okay I would say yes
because he's knuckles all right who's
not from Animal Crossing not from New
Jersey ugandan knuckles is almost mostly
red yes yes he is linked with Sega issue
count at the head of a group of people
who he knows about the bloody Ugandan
where is the Queen it has been decided I
will not be known as the queen of Uganda
because he can get anyone or anything
okay you know what guys I think I wanna
end the video here that was me playing
acne if this video reaches 10,000 likes
I will make another video in a canoe
yeah but if you can't wait that long
boom I've already what I've already made
of another video I can't go what's that
one thank you guys so much watching see
you later Bob I will show you the way of
that Queen what is this monstrosity
