hello everyone how is everyone doing is
mr. selfie today we are playing the
ending of hello neighbor
now hopefully we're gonna find out all
the secrets from my stupid little
neighbor he has done something and today
we're gonna find out what boy act 3
alright for last episode we woke up and
we are in my new house what if I go on
the fridge oh this guy's drinking a
milky all right now I was reading the
comments but if you grab these
binoculars and if you look out the
window you shall see the bloody
neighbour
no you are bloody not wait whoa Oh
someone's knocking on my bloody door oh
hello
I let her came through the door oh my
god it's me I'm all grown up and I just
read the letter okay why am i
contemplating this leather leather what
he's packing his suitcase and he's going
is he going back back to where it all
started
oh where are we now
oh the bloody Lacroix Oh what is going
on here well that's alright it seems
that we are going back to our original
house alright it has been many years
later I am all grown up and that is what
happened to the bloody neighbour's house
oh shit
spooky what's going on hello what does
shit is that bloody bloody I see a black
thing I see a black man I hate those
black or I want to say that this is my
house can we go in my house it's our
lucky where's the key
it's in my booty my boot booty needs
balm
grab the key unlock it dory oh it looks
like guys that this is my house oh
you're not you're imagining this
you're imagining this just just just rub
your eyes okay just but maybe you need
some sleep okay go for a bloody nap
alright wise this guy budding and
napping in the middle of this haunted
ass house what was that is another kid
he's kidnapped up dad another kid I told
you course yes oh my god oh my god what
oh my god we have to rescue this kid oh
my goodness look at this bloody level oh
shit I forgot he can't cross the street
- god dammit you think I would have
learned how to cross the street of after
all these years
okay guys so it seems like the same
rules apply
we need to unlock this door why can't we
just take the phone and call 9-1-1 hello
is this up Wendy see it's gonna get me
the neighbours put a bloody elephant in
the bloody house how do I open this
elevator
okay guys step number one go to the back
of his house then suck bloody boxes and
now we can activate that elevator be
very careful the neighbors that up the
stairs up the space music stopped he's
not chasing me anymore up the stairs is
another elevator oh my goodness he's
added a bloody roller coaster in this
shit course they do
I will Boris the bear I promise you that
where does this door go to watch this
amazing parkour yeah whoa whoa all right
now if we go through this store and then
go through this store there is a door
here with a bloody moon on top and I
think it bloody opens only at night big
time so next to the moon door you need
to go to this ledge jump down the ledge
or just you know break your legs and die
or down all right and then turn this
valve until water goes everywhere then
job with the train tracks jump it then
go through here
and then through this room we find the
ambarella all right then we go down here
oh my goodness this is a maze or if we
go over here we grab the magnet all
right now from this for a woman to go
through this door go to the left and we
will see this room now you see all these
paintings in the wall
all right you don't notice them but
apparently you're meant to because you
like to go to this painting press this
button and then secret door opens now my
men don't know that otherwise I don't
know we can now go through this door
which would lead to a bloody maze I have
no idea where I am
all right we can go here to the no guns
door now over here we will see a key but
it's lucky so we follow the lead and it
leads to this lever and apparently
you're meant to grab a shoe and throw it
at the lever to turn it oh I think I
just broke it all right Open Sesame
all right we then go through this store
and then we go through this door and we
will find a bloody fuse box Oh golden
crow dog can I touch it
Oh oh my god now the crowbars too hot so
what we're gonna need to do is give it a
shower for some reason oh god damn
another profile of getting showered so
you can now pick it up yay we will need
that for later or now if you look up you
will see a door flipping the switch will
allow you to access it throw it
Oh
ha ha maybe go get me now yo bitch
wassup is why we can now go through this
door oh what's happening what the shit
is happening oh my god baby stop it
what the shit is this I'm having to push
a trolley through a bloody shitty
shopping trolley shipping ok let's go
shopping I'm a bit of pickles I do love
pickles Oh a bit of bleach you're sure I
sure do love beach beach Oh what's this
potato chips I love chips let's buy a
jar of pink shit sure I love that I'm
running low on pink shit in my house
I'll wash that down with some orange
juice all right you put the things in
the bloody basket I'll just die all
right so you put all those items in the
shopping basket and then you go to this
man to get checked out yep you got the
chips you got your bleach you got your
pit jar of pig shit yeah you got
everything
Thank You manikin your piece of shit we
can now go through here and go through
here what the shits bunch of balls
hitting levels what the shit's going on
the why'd I do that exactly I don't know
but apparently to do it alright guys I
missed out explaining the next step the
next step you meant to go to the
nighttime room at nighttime
alright then put a cardboard box in
front of it so doesn't close and then
there's a daytime door which would any
meant to put a cardboard box when it
opens at daytime and then you can go
through and then now is the next step or
we then all put it through this store
and then we go through and grab this
guitar all right now you look at this
map and it has a wire coming out and
this wire leads out the window and going
to this fuse box now apparently this is
a pressure pad so you put the guitar on
the table or inside it oh no oh there's
a hat over here you put that here
there's a pillow here you put that here
there's a skateboard here put it on the
floor and lastly there's a flashlight
here and if you put it exactly over here
and for some reason that will open the
gate why you ask
I have no idea all right jump on the
generator and just you know before eyes
try it again go to the platform and turn
off the generator or the next thing we
need to do
is we to turn on the train alright the
turn on the train room we need to golf
fly all the way down to here to the
train controls flip the switch turn the
bomb and the Train shall now be moving
the trains
let's get on sure why not shitty plot
room I love this place what does so
where I want the Train is just before
this metal pipe just here
perfect alright let me jump to this pipe
and don't fall and die just like I did I
did it alright so we jump on the pipe to
round here then we jump from party oh
and now we could go on the roof now on
the roof are a bunch of bloody trees
it's kind of hard to see alright jump on
top of the trees okay over here you will
find the mechanism that controls the
whole house it would be a shame if
something fell in there oops we have now
broken everything in his bloody house
now from here we need to run and fly all
the way to this bloody building that's
hanging off the bloody wires and if we
go in this room we have found the door
for the Red King open let's see what's
in there what the hell what is going on
here oh it looks like the closet but for
some reason I'm Alden emini okay so I
gold on the shelves and then I jump from
here to here alright go to the side
break this bloody thing so the shelf
bloody falls down then we jump in the
toaster then we jump from here to here
we then flip this switch then jump back
in the toll stock whoa I am all new high
place I can't speak English alright then
we go up here to the dartboard grab all
the doggies we push the paper aeroplane
and for some reason we have to ride
we throw the dots on the wall so it's
stickies and what we do we then jump on
each dock and then go higher and then
which we did it we grabbed on to the
light Oh what does that do we hang a
second I could now double jump oh I
think I just unlocked the ability to
double jump
Aurra now if we go to this room there's
some boxes over here alright now if we
go through this room we shall find on
the floor the magical green King or
another green key goes all the way back
here into this hidden room open the
bloody key what is here what the shit is
going on here oh my oh oh what is going
on there's like mannequins and they're
coming they're coming they're coming
they're coming the minute they stopped
where they will go oh they all ran away
the hell is going on oh no oh no oh no
oh I get it so every time a bell rings
they go away and then it rings again
they come get you oh no oh no oh no oh
no oh my god oh okay I think that's it
that's all of them that's all of them
run to the exit run to the exit run to
the exit
Oh pushed him over what the shit oh no
neighbors coming up wait space did i
unlock the pushing ability now I
understand why all of these mini
cutscenes are me unlocking stuff alright
we have everything we need to go in the
basement all right use the crowbar on
these things quick quick quick quick
quick quick open open open open open
open open oh he's a keycard
or a party meant to go to the fridge and
grab the key card from here oh maybe
piss off alright we can now go in his
basement
oh hello oh my god scary poopoo oh oh
follow me oh my goodness it provides
light oh my god what shit is this oh my
god oh my god oh my god guys there is
something in this basement do you think
it's the ghost of the bloody gold that
leave a kidnapped alright put the TV on
the floor put the chair on the floor
then we jump over the gate because
apparently that's what you're meant to
do I've made it to the exit let's get
the hell out of it lock him in oh I'm
not dimin whoa it's just like the first
episode look run run oh my god I'm
scared I'm scared I'm scared I'm scared
I'm scared
what the shit oh it's the finale the
finale would you finale what is this
black boy it's the black boy me I don't
understand what's going on guys do you
were that
I have no idea oh my god oh my god the
neighbors bloody massive now nope okay
the neighbors beak
he's carrying a house on his back there
is a bunch of just random shit
everywhere okay well this is gonna be
fun alright firstly go over to the right
I guess I push this button oh I don't
know what I did the house broke umbrella
upwards okay oh there's a toaster there
oh I meant to jump to the toaster or I
think I have to hit this light switch
next charge up my hit whoa that was a
big throw by hitting the switch it
activated the toaster alright boy whoa
whoa whoa
we're okay am I meant to be go in there
okay I I missed okay great all right so
we're meant to go here then flip this
switch on which will activate this
bloody platform I'll just miss it okay
alright hit the switch again make sure I
don't miss it make sure I don't miss it
quick quick quick
all right I'm on the platform and it's
going up somewhere and the top leads to
a window I'm guessing I break the window
and there's a switch here oh oh and now
I meant to go to that house that got
busted open why go to this house and
there's just birthday cake here what the
hell I can grab the candles okay let's
do that
all we're meant to use this candle on
this firework Oh is the firework going
to attack the neighbor light up the
firework light up this firework let's go
boys all right next we need to go to
this device which is going to shoot
balls in push the ball push the ball
push the ball it's going in it's going
in
next we need to jump over to this bloody
I don't know what this is about an hour
and lastly we will shoot a bow and arrow
at him go
I think that's all I can do to the
neighbor I think now I have to go on the
house in his back easy easy
and land it what's it Oh what what is in
head is that missing posters missing boy
and girl do you think the boy is me is
up the neighbor the net was been putting
up the missing signs do you think the
girl is his daughter then who is this
monster that's following him I don't
understand
so are you trying to tell me the
neighbors actually good oh my god is me
grass shit is going off hello what the
kid can you hear these noises it's me
when I was younger me what it's a one
stop okay oh it's running where is he
going - oh my god we'll need to run away
from the black man where'd he go where
he go where'd he go he said no kid no
protect him you will not hurt him oh my
god there is there is there is saving
saving saving don't hurt him
stupid shit there is this is the
straight-up protective oh my god I am to
be massive now there is there's the kid
protective protective what is black
where am I
there's a house is anyone in the house I
wonder ah the neighbors their neighbor
awesome neighbor who's who's knocking at
your door yeah oh my god it's the black
man why is the black man knocking at his
door guys I think the neighbors good and
the black man represents like whoever
took his daughter I think if you guys
understand what's going on leave it in
the comments because there's a story
here but they did not explain it very
well so I guess I just leave him and
just go through this green door and then
oh why was dreaming but what about the
black man what about the black man hello
am I just gonna pretend that none of
that happened are you just gonna end it
without giving me any like clarification
on who the black man was or who the
neighbor actually was or who was this
missing girl or what happened to me as a
kid or
no it's just gonna be showing me moving
in to my old house and and that's it
there's the credits okay alright guys
well it looks like that was hello
neighbor I think this game so popular is
because there is a hidden story with
this neighbor and his daughter I don't
actually know all right I probably
should find out either way though I
thought I'd play this game because you
know a lot of other youtubers have been
playing it hope you guys did enjoy and
I'll see you in the next video man
slowly guys love you back
