hello everyone how is everyone doing his
measure cell-fate today we are back yet
again with hello neighbor
now I'm not gonna lie I thought this
game was gonna be really bad but you
know what I'm actually enjoying playing
it as soon as this video reaches 10,000
lights I will post the next episode of
hello neighbor lost episode ended like
this run run run run run run what does
shit the neighbor just bloody chased me
and I woke up in this dumbass room oh my
goodness what does shit they took my
bloody shoe I will make this man bloody
pay okay so it looks like he's been
keeping me in his underground basement
in this bloody room I would have backed
hello who is that in the keyhole hello
neighbor
you out here neighbor okay looks like I
am still underground I need to bloody
escape who is this children's door has
he kidnapped other little kids out of it
before it just might be maybe I might
like him touching my peepee no I do not
there seems to be a vent here can i hmm
I can in careful neighbor could be
absolutely anywhere okay well now no I
am out of the basement he could be
anywhere what the ship has he boarded up
his whole house oh my goodness he has
boarded up his whole house how do I get
out of here be very quiet he could be
anywhere
wait the layout the house is different
this time hello
oh he's buddy sleeping okay it's okay
ice porn backing okay I don't watch in
the neighbor sleeping okay he'll do
crazy shit
Oh Marius we need to go into his house
there might be clues on how we're gonna
get out of it okay hmm Oh scaredy
quickly oh no oh no I'm trapped I'm
trapped
oh there he is he's bloody outside
walking out and what can do and what
now's our chance okay we need to avoid
the bear trap okay just go over it wait
we're like four in the banana skin oh no
he's got it easy careful hello okay I am
in his kitchen
oh he just walked past me in the fridge
maybe in the wrench mr. Lucci mr. French
is here
quickly we must leave with mr. Renji oh
no the models on my face before I use
the wrench on this gate oh why what is
up here another door this door leading
to a ladder that goes up somewhere what
is up here whoa what does he's got the
poor with a bloody shock
oh no guys there's a bloody shock and we
need to go where that door is the key
might be in that room do you think I
could run across that room without the
shock killing me
what if I go in okay okay that was kind
of scary I'm not gonna lie what's in
this room
Oh oh my goodness
he killed Boris the bear Brad I need to
get dad out of here oh he'll do to you
what he did to me
I will never let that happen mr. bear
okay from what I understand we need to
somehow get rid of this water so there's
a bunch of pipes near the house huh whoa
can you hear that guys it sounds like
water's coming out oh I understand
do you think we have to reroute the
water so the shock can't kill me oh look
there's another switch here press it did
that do something what what wait what
what wait wait what does shoot is this
what the hell's going on now the house
is turned into a bloody funhouse oh my
goodness this looks like a horror house
is the bloody guy I saw outside my door
a second ago mess yourself get in there
right get in the right can I
can oh my goodness
enjoy enjoy it guys good cool spooky
right I stay calm stay calm
I'm scary could it be it's just a simple
ripe oh oh oh my god what is this I'm
going to the bloody right oh no oh no
where's it go where's it going where is
it going to oh oh here we go
we're going up we're going up oh there
is a story going on alright because the
card would cut out was a girl that time
is a girl like dead somewhere oh look
guys I found another switch here
okay just kill me that's great woah look
why me doing that it is now open great
it has made water come out of there and
I can use this wheel now I don't know
what to do with this dumbass wheel ok
guys I'm not gonna lie I've got a bit
stuck apparently the next step was
you're meant to suck two boxes here and
then climb up on this rail and use the
bloody thingy on that thingy I mean I'll
do it but how the shit was I meant to
get that by myself ok oh no the
neighbours right there for a long time
is he over here oh shit oh no oh no oh
no quick I'm coming I'm coming
oh no oh no do something other thing I
did it twist it I twist it mmm I twisted
it oh man the bills already too damn
high wait a second if I just emptied out
water from here do you think now the
water upstairs is now gone woah
all the water is now gone and where's
mr. Sharkey mr. Schock is there oh it
was just a bad trap on a bloody machine
and I was scared and mr. Sharkey
that's right I killed you your
piece-of-shit sake we can now go into
this room hello guys I'm scared anyone
in here oh my goodness there's just so
many more rooms there's a key on the
wall take the key use it for this and in
here oh it's the room that loops around
okay but in here is a ladder going down
well shit I fell
what is in this room oh whoa and there's
a door house but it needs a key Oh No
why is he barricaded this door hello oh
my goodness where am I now
oh I recognize this room from the last
episode is the downstairs open mmm it is
what ah shit
there's a key and this key leads to
right at the beginning of the house whoa
where hang on a second there's a shovel
here am I meant to dig up something I
don't know anything that I could dig up
hang on a second this whole yard is
gross
except for this wait I think oh my guys
don't tell me I'm gonna find a dead body
of this little girl in here no no I owe
you in him oh it was uh it's just a key
wait a second this could be the key to
the dollhouse oh no
Keef can't wait a second where am I now
oh my god guys we're gonna learn more
about the bloody neighbor a hospital bed
well the neighbors there the neighbor
looks sad wait a second in the last
episode if you remember we saw the
neighbor with a girl and then in a car
crash so do you think the neighbors now
in hospital and you know a loved one has
died
exit whoa okay and then we spawn back
here put the key in the door house Oh
what the shit is this the door house
doesn't do anything there's nothing in
the door house what do I do
the other thing I can do in this door
house is open the doors wait a second do
you think opening the doors in the door
house did it in this house
okay guys I'm not gonna lie I got kind
of stuck again so apparently you're
meant to put the wheel on this thing now
okay all right so the pipes go from
outside leading all the way up here all
the way up there oh oh he's coming
quickly we to hurry up
wait do I then use the wheel on this
whoa whoa it's filling with water wait
how is that gonna help me get out of it
Oh No I'm drowning
okay so now we have this filled with
water can I now go through here maybe no
okay that's just great right now we go
upstairs guys quick quick quick quick
quick in this door and then we flip this
switch which turns the hot water to icy
cold water
oh oh oh cause what shit and then now
look the water is now ice so we can walk
on it and go through here and here is a
key I think this is it guys I think this
is the key we need to leave this house
oh no he's here
where is he
yeah I say look I saw a lot I open the
door
guys freedom run run run oh my goodness
we made our life although there is guys
I don't oh shit oh my god I escaped oh
my god wait I woke up in a new place
alright guys I'm gonna end the video
here now something is definitely going
on and next episode will be the ending
of hello neighbor
so hopefully we're gonna have a bunch of
answers as soon as I reach 10,000 likes
I will upload the next episode straight
away and I'll see you guys in the next
video but stop you fucking piece of
ninny
