there it comes okay great we're two
minutes in this video and I've already
broken my Christmas tree
they've got blue brothers I'm a salt man
okay this goes out to all them little
cute little girls out there okay that
sounded really weird how's it doing is
mr. selfie today we are playing wwe2k15
made a video on the WWE games every
single year okay my first 33 game was 2k
14 oh my god anyway I might as well be
playing the same game right now because
all the dubb dubby games are pretty much
recycled every year but for today's
video we are going to go on the
community creations okay because this is
the best thing about dub dubby we people
upload some crazy amazing characters on
this thing look someone may Pennywise
the clown someone they've got okay that
looks kind of scary alright now I've
already gone through this listen I've
picked out some of my favorite
characters and I'm gonna make them fight
each other alright first things first
we're gonna do a two-on-two ladder match
now the process of a ladder match is
that there is a belt hanging from the
sky okay so I need to take this ladder
and climb it and then pick up the belt
and the first person to pick the belt
wins the game alright here we go
oh the ladder match who is gonna be
first
Oh baby look at him go
he just danced it around okay so that
falls on my team Oh throw in the splits
that falls on my team okay he's my
tag-team partner but it's not who I'm
playing as funny okay alright Deadpool's
what are you doing
calm down who's gonna be alright spy the
mines in the game alright I'm pretty
sure spider-man is like everyone's
favorite character alright so spider-man
and Deadpool are teaming up okay team
Marvel alright wait if that team Marvel
does that mean they're up against me
oh my goodness
how could spider-man and Batman so
personally I think Marvel's better than
DC okay but I don't wanna start an
argument what do you guys think yeah
look at him go
Batman was he's got a bat belt too
that's cool it's cool Batman so cool I
love this intro' it's so good I think
they changed the audiences okay they
look differently Oh Batman your cape
okay anyway it's a go up okay all right
so we found now who Batman's partner is
it's Superman
okay sorry so it's gonna be deadpool and
spiderman vs batman and superman all
right team Marvel vs. team DC who will
win but you see what I mean guys the
characters that people make are
absolutely ridiculous they're so good
wait was Batman doing just just walking
around in circles oh my goodness it's
for the tag team championship champions
come on guys we have to do this oh it's
a ladder match we have to go get the
title hitting over there I'm Batman
I don't have to do anything Batman touch
right you piece of shit come here
spider-man I'm gonna kill you all right
spider-man get up what are you doing
outside the ring I'm Batman the ring all
right first things first we need to get
a ladder okay we ain't gonna bloody win
this game without a ladder all right
take the ladder way there's three people
in the commentary oh I'm trying to pile
a door in Batman hey guys how you doing
hey come on man we're trying to
commentate over here and okay I'm gonna
take out your bloody TV screens oh come
on man we spent a lot of money for that
Batman go away I'm trying to do funny
things Oh oh yeah
anyway can I go back to what I was doing
and putting the ladder in the ring there
you go put that thing it put it down
okay step two
you put the ladder down just over here
and then you're back soon right I'm
Superman
I'm going
well no now you can develop quickly oh
oh no no stop it gasps I wonder bout all
right Batman's being up Deadpool
spider-man's outer ring okay oh no
Batman's gonna climb the bloody a ladder
wait wait why am I just chillin outside
the ring
Oh Dickens go for it go Deadpool go for
it oh no Batman's climbing up - OH
get down Batman you get down right now
oh hey Superman I just be our Batman for
doing that oh no oh no oh no oh no oh oh
no oh no oh no he's gonna get it it's
gonna get it alright the game just
downloads there oh no they'd be not
Deadpool I'm such a bad teammate or I
need a good tactic I need to knock them
out before I can start climbing the
ladder apparently I've got my signature
move get ready signature oh what's he
doing what's he doing replay the ladder
flips out - oh good Batman and Superman
are out cold
grab the ladder come on Spidey we gotta
go right up we go go reach for it okay
I've got to do his minigame quickly get
the hole get the ball in the hole get
that's coming oh I just fell oh no I
think spider-man's dead alright Batman's
just glitched I don't know why he's
doing it just keeps walking up and down
all right oh my god what's that
no we were first Batman I was cool for
the video way now's our chance they
revolve that koltes quickly girls go
all right well that's all set spider-man
and Deadpool are better than Superman
and Batman
you know it's decided okay all right
next thing we're gonna do is my favorite
a steel cage match
now if you guys don't know what steel
cage match is a match we're surrounded
in still caged or I'm gonna play
spider-man again as for the WWE
Championship but who is gonna be our
opponent a championship on the hood
who's that oh my goodness
little ol spider-man is meant to be
locked in a cage with this big man he's
a super heavyweight 7-foot yeah the Hulk
I'm gonna beat up this spider-man he
just climbs over the rope
that's no tall and big and strong he is
all right well wish me luck all right
all right let's go all right let us
start this epic steel cage match before
the WWE Championship
oh my goodness all the stakes are on the
line right now yeah oh yeah I'm gonna
beat you up oh yeah hit him with the
bloody punches in the face that's the
most boring move ever
he's on the floor quickly now's my time
we must escape the bloody cage oh oh no
it's got Mike you ain't getting away
that easily Spidey
oh no what's he doing what's it doing
what's it doing oh yeah that's what you
missed your kick yeah I am strong oh no
caucus game
oh this game no no come on spider-man
get up get up get up
okay okay no no
okay that word it wasn't much of a game
all right we were literally fighting for
like two minutes all right you could
have fought me for a little bit longer
Hulk oh yeah
Oh Quinn Oh Quinn yeah hope new champion
all right well Holtz the new champion
look at that you got a one star rating
hole you could have fought me for a
little bit longer but now or it's that's
a bit of a disappointment it's a lesson
the same again but this time and the
Hell in a Cell the Hell in a Cell is
basically a steel cage match but a
bigger cage oh my goodness is for the
WWE Championship Hulk so big Ethan in
the shop oh my goodness
it's for the WWE Championship Oh Michael
is there gonna lower the Hell in a Cell
oh my god all right now in the cell
match I swear this gaem looks at the
same every single year where there's a
referee with us this type it hey you
touch my cake yeah Oh No Hulk please put
that down okay he's just staring at me
now why we fighting again I don't know I
thought we were the same team we've made
like ten movies together oh yeah you
right how about we just go alright I'm
just gonna go see you later Hulk oh no
no please hold
I thought we agreed oh so big oh all
right so it's a game out of the ring I
think you need to put them in the corner
oh no not that corner oh oh oh you piece
of shit Eisenhower could climb up the
cage Oh No all holes barred we're going
on top of the gates alright so I think
you can actually fall through the middle
of the cage
I'm coming to get you Spidey I'm coming
to get you or I've got my special move
alright gotta wait for it wait for it
now oh okay I don't mind
oh no don't tell me how it's gonna throw
me through the middle of the cage no way
going hope I'll queer in the middle
flying air you piece of shit okay now
just climb back up again oh here we go
charge finisher here we go
here we go
slam oh okay I thought we're gonna fall
in the middle I was meant to pull
through but we weren't positioned right
are you kidding me
we just what position right and for
goodness sake all right this thing in
the middle is gonna break any second
Hulk please do not throw me in it oh no
oh shit oh no please no it's a special
move I could not beat this guy too big
and strong okay guys I'm gonna end the
video there if you guys want me to make
more videos on this game at 10,000 likes
I will definitely do that
hey guys so it's watching and I'll see
you the next video ba ba
