hey guys in this mess yourself it now
we've all had terrible Christmas
presents on Christmas Day I know I have
here you go Brandon Merry Christmas son
you've been a very good boy this year
haven't you so I got you what you wanted
box you want the egg box now you play
games don't you bloody dare be
ungrateful ah bloody little studies in
India would be lucky to have this bloody
egg box ah I swear don't bloody crime
you broke the bloody egg box I'll give
you something to cry about
revolution
so in today's video we are gonna be
reacting to some kids basically getting
some really bad presents there's this
trend going around where parents on
purpose are giving their kids joke
presents and filming their reactions and
I'm not gonna lie some of them are
spoiled little brats okay
so we've got a little baby girl and a
new baby boy all right they're opening
their presents on Christmas morning how
exciting
Oh what is the little boy brush and some
onions I'm not gonna lie that is so
totally me as a parent okay I will
definitely give my kid onions okay so
now Rebecca gets to go first oh oh okay
this list this kid's gonna go crazy I
can already tell all right why is this
car looking a present did she throw a
tantrum I don't know oh they're
pretending that it's hard presents
oh no they're gonna do it to him again
they're gonna do it to him again oh
that's kind of unfair because the main
exciting thing about present is
unwrapping it Oh totally fine because
now the answer president Danny's are
totally fine but now he's a bloody
happiness bullshit okay opening the
present all right what'd you get little
boy I hope it's something funny how he
stopped crying again Oh was it is that
porridge I think it's them out they were
like oh no okay this might be a test
all right to see if I'm naughty or nice
I bet I'll of the oranges oh I think
I've seen this clip before okay this kid
goes crazy okay look at him open the
prison first yeah open your present
stupid kid come on now open the present
is it you get a girl toy I just don't
like the girl Oh another one okay a nice
president but it was both their ideas
man don't you remember being a kid and
literally crying over nothing okay I
would cry like every single second a day
okay so I can understand why these kids
keep crying all right well this girl get
she got a is that it looks like a
half-eaten sandwich is this a joke
Marissa won't tell me
all the time about my cooking yeah why
is it off Ian oh when I was making it I
got a little hungry
oh nothing that's really her present
that girl was so cute she was like being
a complete diplomat she was like what I
just don't like it okay all right new
clip what is this girl gonna get and how
she's gonna react to it is that what the
same way I swear okay we've got two
brothers right now
are they're gonna do a double whammy
what is that
let me get him hold it open so I could
see it how to open okay it is it is not
the games and she got up a potato that's
what she wanted he's like no
what did you the kids trying to
guilt-trip the mum is the worst thing
ever mom you will in Christmas framing
mom stupid lost kids need to be bloody
lucky okay I've got nothing for
Christmas okay I'll be lucky if I got
something for Christmas
okay what did this kid get he got a
grateful as a good one actually I'm not
gonna lie I used to get books for
Christmas and I had to pretend that I
you know could read you didn't show me
anything is that there's no you asked
for dope do you like yours no this law
tastes really clean this year for
Christmas are you okay you need to look
at our face guys alright look how it
slowly turns wait for it how's it for it
wait because I got a ps4 for Christmas
one plus a bunch of games and Oh Mac
Scott was $50 $50
I would love because of the age where is
it
okay this kid is not a much repair
forest oh my god okay this kids crazy
all right this is absolutely crazy okay
guys that was me reacting to some kids
getting some terrible Christmas presents
now before you open your Christmas
presents this Christmas you know try and
be grateful all right some people out
there in the world don't even have a
proper meal on Christmas Day and you
guys are complaining about the fact that
you don't have a ps4 be grateful because
your parents do a lot for you this
Christmas anyway hey guys so it's
watching hope you have a great Christmas
