hello everyone how is everyone doing
this mess out there
not today I have a special video okay
because a ripe this morning was this
special box whoa whoa indeed hey how is
everyone doing it is mr. self here now I
know who set this package it was
Domino's okay because they sent me a
special role to go with it sucks just a
piece of paper doesn't say anything on
it oh dear Brandon we have created a
special Christmas gift just for you to
show in your videos we have created
something specifically for you we hope
that you have a Merry Christmas from
Domino's so did you hear that guys
Domino's created something just for me
to show in this video now Domino's sells
pizza so what's gonna be in a box I have
no idea robber has no idea either look
at him yeah I don't know yeah exactly I
hope it's not pizza because you know how
long is that piece a pin in that books
look you know what I'm saying you need
to make opening this box a bit more fun
hurry up robber I've been waiting for
the big reveal
the big material packing stuff Robert
don't cry I'm sure that it's not just
packaging I'm sure it's not packaging
it's something else a child on Christmas
morning oh boy
that's a good that looks like there's
something else what could this be what
could this be
okay how much bubble wrap do they want
to get is this pizza box what I think
they sent me a pizza why they send any a
pizza in a box in a box where you can
plug into this pizza with what why does
the pizza have an HDMI port woody this
pizza box has a HDMI okay so they sent
me an empty pizza box but apparently you
can put a HDMI cable inside it so let's
set this thing up and see what what the
hell didn't wanna send me okay so the
pizza box is right here and why is there
a pizza in the pizza box Robert did you
order a pizza just for this video
yeah Robert what kind of pizza
did you order Robert way and you supreme
virtue supreme I love virtue supreme
best okay I'm only kidding guys we
ordered the pizza and put it on okay
okay so for what I did notice on the
back there is one a power cable and two
a HDMI cable you mean it is a port not a
cable yeah poor same thing Robert
alright smart okay so you put the power
cable in here power in there and the
HDMI cable goes in here alright and then
we turn it on and then what what it's a
rainbow game okay I put HDMI cable in a
pizza box and all what's going on what
what did Domino's sent me what is going
on
what Luna what's a Luna Luna
moon time word on your phone go to this
number what what's gonna happen on my
phone so I have to go to a website on my
phone I am what is going on okay guys
look I found another note from Domino's
it's not a tissue paper or anything
internet from Domino's to celebrate
Domino's place in the world of gaming
Domino's have built their very own pizza
pie console wait what
this box is a bloody games console what
is going on I know this pizza pie
console fits into a Domino's Pizza box
and features an inbuilt retro game that
you think that's what the people at
Domino's sound like do you think that's
how they talk oh okay I understand now
so Domino's sent me this pizza box would
you think it's a pizza box but actually
apparently it's a games console which is
just masked as a pizza box I go that's
pretty cool actually that's some Harry
Potter magic stuff yeah 192.168.0.0 go
rotate your device to landscape to play
so I do that and then one oh it's a
bloody game pay space pilot the next
guys are getting cluttered and we need
your help so pick a ship shoot the
debris save the pilots and bask in the
glory of the mysterious brain blocks
what the hell is mysterious brain blah
ya know I'm gonna find out
so what is my phone the controller to
this games console that's actually
really cool and unique I'll either jump
on board what is going on would you want
me to do click on the bond oh ok you can
play the game on your bone
good debris oh so it's kind of like um
it's like getting called asteroids okay
oh I died again died again you're
terrible
see do you find it weird that some kids
are gonna grow up not knowing what
asteroids was you're pretty bloody
terrible yeah I got 39 hey you have a
gun all right we got four different
options yeah pick you okay - thank you
spaceship pick the red one it's kyookie
Oh I'm going to quick oh my god I'm
going way too fast okay so it's not
exactly an Xbox one you know but um I
think the challenge was is that can they
do a console in a pizza box and they did
you know even if it does 101 game okay
Robert you we get it you beat my school
thank no you died - cool - 70 - 70 -
nice one Robert you by a mile
okay so I think this is the first time
ever in history that there's been a
console by Domino's and a console that
can fit in a pizza box
okay so Domino's set themselves out for
a challenge and you know what they did
it okay this is perfect okay while
Robert is over here playing games you
know I'm over here you know I could just
help uh pizza all right it's two in one
you get your pizza and you get your
gaming that time for my veggie supreme
pizza everyone in the comments write
down what's your favorite piece of your
favorite pizza oh yeah that's pretty
much it Domino's want me to show you
that they can make a gaming console you
know made out of a pizza box okay so you
two can customize your very own pizza
pie
just like dominos have done for me okay
so click the link in the description and
you guys can do that right now
okay guys that's pretty much it I'm
gonna go eat some pizza now Thank You
Dominic sponsoring this video
and sailing these it's cool design I
don't think there's any other versions
of this pizza box in the world all right
I've got the first-ever version of it so
thank you Domino's for putting that much
trust and faith in me hey guys you're
watching and I'll see you in the next
video
so yeah guys I
