well hello everyone how is everyone
doing is Michelle fate today we are
playing for cry 5 baby but this game
actually hasn't come out yet
it comes out March 22nd 2018 but the
guys over at goo Bruce off set me a
version of the game early just to show
you guys so picture out to my boys that
Ubisoft they know I'm a hardcore Far Cry
fan is that what I think it is is that a
little puppy I can pack the puppy a
puppy go and I'm a puppy can I put you
hello ladies
ok I didn't think that would work
alright here we are at my local bar good
evening madam I would like two of your
finest BAE's please sorry we don't sell
bail the hair don'ts don't bear we're
talking about can you buy me a drink you
sexy possum how about you buy your own
drink
don't mind me just gonna loot your
register that's okay right damn straight
it's okay anyone is amazing I could use
his friend just revived her that was so
cold are you in the kitchen
hey you know he's on the floor and you
go down to okay now the both dead and
opener of Ivan
alright alright I'll revive you up you
go there you go
you too sir come on up you go I'm only
kidding okay it's most folks take one
look at eating's gate and turn the other
way uh-huh stupid man whoa I have a
baseball bat now that's cool do I have a
camera still oh it's binoculars now okay
cool
feels good to hang around falls in I
really missed that yep please just shut
up sorry I got I'm sorry I'm really
sorry okay guys okay let's see what
kinds I've got I've got a science pistol
cool I've also got oh look at its
assault rifle it's got the American flag
on it ah ok this looks like it has loads
of customization on it we've got a
trusty bow okay cool it's just random
guy doing on the road is he okay and
punchy
oh no oh wait why they string me now
okay we go work at my car oh sweet I've
got the cool muscle car
Go Go Go Drive okay we need to leave
this town because I think we've caused
enough nuisance to be honest it's the
pastor Jerome Jeffries I love that guy
what's happen here if someone bloody
died this person dead I'm pretty sure
that dead oh hey what the hell are you
doing nothing sorry III thought they
were dead
this guy friendly uh hello sir friendly
friendly I did it alright I need to get
rid of this stupid blockade so throw
them on assault boom yeah oh shit guys I
think that just started a forest fire
I'm not very good decking TM I know
listen don't be okay if I feel you my
comment section will go crazy at me
please oh I'm getting I'm gonna get
doggy don't make me kill you please
don't make me kill you
donkey I tried to warn them okay I tried
to tell him I was gonna come after me oh
my god guys I just saw a bash everyone
be very quiet there's a bad right there
oh I think he saw me I think he's
friendly okay
hello I'm gonna die I'm gonna die died
or killed by a by a black American bear
well here we are
later we are farming our way I'm a local
tractor that's how the Americans do it a
good old farming session G Dalby diddly
diddly doo what shit is this is this a
red fire silo is that full of explosives
if it is you know what we're gonna do
baby place the bloody explosives three
two one watch out oh oh this is a bad
there's another faggot all know the bad
killed the woman oh no no oh God okay I
don't know watch the bow and arrow
alright don't kill me don't kill me
don't kill me don't kill me don't show
me how
alright now on keeping track of how many
times I died already it's saying that I
can catch fish here but does that mean I
have to go in the water or is there now
fishing in the game
wait what take fishing rod no way no no
way
fishings now in the game because my live
baby yep
I can't believe fishings now in the game
that's amazing
I got a good old fishing session now oh
it seems I've got a catch
I've got a catch oh no my goodness oh my
goodness a better will in the fish come
on now come on don't get away now boy
no God okay I failed you big serious a
new enemy of this game is now the turkey
oh good it's stupid turkey go I don't
want to fight you in this turkey
actually really kill me it just got
killed by a turkey turkeys are the new
honey badgers in this game oh god watch
out a guy died oh no oh no oh no oh no
how many times of my dying in this game
oh oh no it's got shotgun no no no but
out bitch boats have killed me Oh away
why's are so many enemies go up oh my
goodness there's so many enemies what
the hell's this guy doing oh oh he's a
friendly Nick right ah it's just over
here shooing guys what's this guy one
you okay sir
oh there's enemies here would you shoot
them all shut up shut up are mad I love
this game like I just love everything
about FARC right so but do you see them
peggy's take off of my plane yeah okay
I'd go myself my wife's pregnant do any
second uh-huh I just don't know what I'm
supposed to do I calm down your stupid
shit okay alright I'll get you back your
stupid plane Jesus Christ just calm down
woah look at this car baby it's the
typical American muscle car damn we're
having a second sabotage with the
shittest sabotage oh oh okay hey just uh
you know goes on fire all right good to
know starting another forest fire I see
all right so where we're driving off to
now is we're driving over to this place
to get some guys playing back okay so
this is a massive outpost so we need to
be very careful okay or I'll try and do
as much as I can of this stealth but you
know I don't know how long that will
last because I'm not that great in this
game all right first things first has
disabled the alarms all right wait for
it we do two alarms remaining baby easy
takedown
look it's crack this easy boom duh get
him I've got it another guy here easy
easy
OOP oh no I think they found the body oh
no oh oh no this guy Oh twice oh no okay
they spotted me okay they have rang the
alarm I repeat they have rang the alarm
oh no no okay
get in the plane get in the plane we to
go we just fly away quickly the enemies
are coming oh I can't actually ride the
plane that's so
what's that okay well I think just
happen is that you can drop bombs in the
plane and I just dropped it right below
me so it just exploded arrows are
amazing in this game oh shit oh shit no
no no no no no kasi how is he that smart
to do that that's such bullshit okay
I'll try and do the stealth again
disable the alarms all right one alarm
down easy boom all right got it you
didn't see it easy easy
oh okay going for disabled second lob
cool all right let's pick up this guy I
don't know but you see on all this time
to find the bodies
oh no or no startled by the bodies yeah
yeah okay I think the coast is clear
Oh No okay okay okay miss one more lime
quickly front until our progeny alarm
boom all alarms disabled or let's go
maybe get in the flame Brandon get in
the place come on we gotta go haha yeah
this is actually so awesome I cannot
wait to drive this plane ah yeah baby
look at me go it has guns as well this
is so cool oh no oh no oh no oh god oh
god no oh God
don't tell me I have to do the whole
thing again okay okay thankfully there
was a checkpoint
all right I'm now boarding the plane all
right but yeah look at this it's cool
look you could drop bombs okay this is
what I'm talking about so that's why I
exploded randomly in the garage easy
land it landed London okay okay flying
is actually really cool now this map is
absolutely massive all right so I'm
really glad they like integrated
helicopters and stuff like that because
like flying is just such an easy way to
get around the map easy easy easy and
landed okay like an absolute boss all
right baby wingman completed I delivered
that man back his plane that was a
pretty awesome mission I liked it okay
so we're we're going to now is
apparently you can get a doggy okay now
I want a pet doggy all right so that's
where we're flying to right now
apparently there's a mission over here
or something out there okay can I pet
you that's so cute
okay how is this a mission that the
objective was just a pendant and that
was the mission okay you just spread him
ah dokie what's the matter where you
going doggy doggy what okay were you
looking at okay
is this what happened to your owner
Skokie oh my goodness they killed his
bloody owners it's ok doggy I promise I
will look after you forever
ok come here boy he's a good boy cute
little Boober
I promise boomer I would look after you
forever ok you and me are gonna be best
friends forever
ok guys is a limit of how much I can
actually play because the game isn't
released yet it comes out March 27th
like I said next year so yeah thank you
Ubisoft response during the video like
I've enjoyed so much of what I have
played a far cry 5 and I know when the
game comes out I'm gonna make a ton of
videos on it if you guys wanna see me
make more Far Cry 5 videos isuzu reach
10,000 likes I will definitely do that
thank you give yourself against so much
for sponsoring this video and allow me
to play the game early and I'll see you
in the next video man sled guys love you
for that
