hello everyone how is everyone doing as
much as open today we are back yet again
with hitman so the daily shiver we are
going back to the game hitman if any of
you guys have not watched my hitman
series boom you have to go watch ok it's
one of my most proudest series I've ever
done you know all the videos can turned
out so good but what I didn't know is if
you go to Paris France there is a secret
santa level Oh jingle jingle jingle it
is now
Christmas Day oh my goodness look place
Germany's Christmas Day all the
Christmas decorations are up full it's
Christmasy what this did Santa leave me
a present under the Christmas tree I
wonder what it got me I wonder what it
got me
oh are you bloody shitting me or Santa
got me or the bloody brick people curse
boy this year Santa oh wait what am I
talking about it there's a Christmas
present right here this is my real
Christmas present oh boy oh boy oh boy
oh boy oh boy oh yeah wrenchy no no no
all the presents can't be bad right I
don't want a brick no no no no I kind of
buddy dr. pepper I don't want this
shitty coal that way can you see that
what shit was that I could have sworn I
saw no no no that's stupid okay
why would he be here right now anyway
look at all the Christmas decorations
guys so this does take place in the
Paris level but they've completely
decorated it to make all Christmasy I
think it's pretty cool okay I actually
have no clue what I meant to be Santa
Oh guys spit I just see the real Santa
Claus okay guys I think the real Santa
Claus is somewhere in this building if I
find him I swear too bloody good I want
to ask him why the hell am I on the
naughty list I do nothing wrong okay
just see what they're making me do it
okay yeah like I said I've no idea why
I'm on the Neue list your piece of shit
now don't miss a big god dammit there's
too many people right now in order to
have a conversation with him okay guys I
think Santa is hiding somewhere upstairs
Christmas present maybe this one's on a
break
maybe this one's ready rubber duck
proximity explosive ducky so what'd you
throw the ducky I don't think it would
explode that son - boom me a broom okay
pick up an invitation excuse me guys I
have an invitation to see Santa Claus
you have an invitation to see Santa
oh yeah okay well then let me see that's
right here okay yeah it seems good all
right now you can go through okay guys
we're upstairs but there's guards
everywhere be sneaky Santa where are you
I'm still here bloody Sandy okay
sneaky all right Santa Santa where are
you Santa - Santa Claus so we finally
meet Santa Claus all these years you've
been giving me bloody pricks and coal
while you've been eating cookies and
drinking milk you fat shit well let's
see how you like bricks ah no I'm
kidding Santa wake up the guys home she
thought I killed Santa Claus or I just
wanted a bloody talk to it I didn't want
to kill it
all right we didn't kill him he's just
knocked out but guys we cannot leave
this be if Santa's bloody knocked out
who's gonna deliver all the Christmas
presents all right there's only one way
to save Christmas and that is okay I'm
secretly brand annoyed shush guys a
holiday crowbar a holiday fire poker
a holiday fire at very weapons at
Santa's what is Santa have all these
weapons way what Santa dropped this
Christmas list
oh-oh-oh I am Santa the reason why I'm
in Paris is to take care of two very
naughty boys
hurry smoky bug natto and moths lick
gone if they keep trying to steal my
presence so this year I must take care
of these two very bad boys oh shit guys
that was Santa's naughty list
so as Santa said in his naughty list we
must eliminate these two targets because
they are ruining Christmas okay kids we
must be very careful okay
don't worry Santa is used to climbing
buildings okay because you know who
Santa
you know how else is he getting presents
in the bloody tree houses all right
apparently hurry smokey bagnato is right
next to us okay we need to be careful
because apparently Santa is trespassing
all right apparently Santa isn't allowed
up here oh there is Harry I'm not
trespassing on Santa
hey you know loud a bit follow me right
now okay oh shit guys were being asked
or at downstairs we were this close from
killing that guys great wall all the way
down here how the bloody how am I gonna
kill these two wait apparently Marv is
just next to us Marv
there he is
while you're laughing a piece of shit by
quick he's here ho ho oh he dropped the
coconut the lime in the coconut you
shake it all out and the toy tank is
spun is stealing all these presents from
the kids bloody stupid shit man you're
just being Santa for the day alright
don't don't get to use of this oh ho ho
but I like being Santa Santa Claus
you're not real man I will not accept
your presence here where are my gifts
well then you can forget about walking
through here Santa oh okay well it seems
like Sunday's I'm like I didn't - this
year is all Christmas dinner
my love Christmas wait a second is he
here is he here very well well well
please don't kill me oh god damn it
Harry how hard is it to be a good boy
this year presents did you steal a
bloody Branston empty - microphone I
gave that for Brandon this Christmas
what else is he still a circumcision
knife okay a fireworks remote how much
stuff did you steal stupid boy all right
both targets are eliminated we must now
leave through the chimney like as if
Santa would do okay go go go go go go go
we must exit the mission through the
fireplace
they're not oh my goodness oh yeah
Christmas has been saved we did it lays
German what a cute mission okay that was
very cute okay but the thing is I still
didn't get what I wanted for Christmas
you know what guys
Christmas isn't about gifts or Santa
it's about spending time with the people
you love
very good order need the Christmas tree
make my wish come true
Merry Christmas from Santa Claus
on our Christmas you whether bail
