no no hello everyone how is it going
doing as much a selfie today we are
playing getting over it
now this game lady's German is a rage
game so I might be screaming a couple of
times in this video we first start off
with a man ascending here he comes here
it comes
so you play as this bold man in a
cauldron and the aim of the game is to
bloody get over it the game's get off
really good so look at this tree hello
I'm a tree listen to me tree I have to
get over you it's the name of the game
that's the whole point in the game so I
take my pickaxe and then I clip it onto
a branch and then one okay let's give me
a second okay so I put my pick on the
tree and then I go whoop now I'm here
and then I go what and then I'm over
here there's no feeling more intense
than starting over
screw shut the shit up and then you go
what ah this game apparently is a rage
game but you know what ladies German I
am so good oh yeah oh shit you just keep
spazzing your mouth look how much
progress I've made okay look I'm over
here now this is the point where the
game gets hard so plan is a trick if you
use your pickups on the floor it'll give
you a bit of up you up Steve so look
boost e-book shit
so Boop I'm here now and then you go
Oh book what now I've got my fighter
butter and then I go sweep and then
three Oh soon okay I didn't really do
anything that time and then what okay
it's okay I'm just on it I'm not gonna
fall now this guy is it exactly hard but
when you fall you know and lose all your
progress it's kind of annoying greatly
just where I just was a second ago Oh oh
my god I'm the furthest I ever be oh no
and then you go over here put your
saddle up little ass down
there you go three two one I'm so happy
oh this should I get up there I'm just
gonna move my mouse around that crazy oh
I get it you're meant to use the bloody
pickaxe on that light over there and
then would you use that to then vote
yourself to the other light see smart
thinking and watch me execute that plan
now
okay now mind gimme a second no it's
okay
just give me five minutes and I'll be
back where I was okay I own the speed
run record of this game watch no not
yourself don't go left cuz it will take
you to the beginning put a warning sign
at least on their goddamn shit okay
there we go back to where we were Jesus
Christ that took long okay come on Oh
poo oh shit Oh No
Oh
you know what it's fine it's fine we'll
just do it all again you know we did it
once you know we could just do it again
literally right in the beginning again
I'm literally right at the beginning yep
okay I'm right at the beginning okay
okay fuck I hate this game so much
literally I would rather kiss a monkey
why if I say that no I said no okay we
are finally back to this pot again you
know I think I got lucky the first time
but you know what I'm sure I could do it
again alright say that nope Oh shake it
oh my now that's what I call progression
okay now I am a happy little bunny Boing
Boing Boing I'm happy okay cuz that shit
was harder as hell okay now this part is
easy okay look at the bunny okay alright
you meant a swing and then grab and then
swing up oh my god brandon has made a
new checkpoint Lane gentlemen I'm joking
there's no checkpoints in this game but
I have made it to the furthest I've ever
made so I'm guessing I've got a clip
onto the top of this and then keep going
to the bloody left alright grab on it
there you go
alright just a little bit more no bolt
grab onto this there you go now pull
yourself in oh no okay it's fine no no
just there you go there you go
no no no nice okay no just just just
just to swim from there okay now we're
gonna have to go yeah no oh my lord
I am doing it okay okay calm down
we don't want to get too crazy all right
now swing okay now hey is this ready to
be alright I'm here I don't know where's
here but I mean all right I've made so
much progress in this game I think I
would get this far let me pumpkin and
beach ball over there what does she mean
climbing up I don't understand
oh wait wrong way what you mean wrong
way oh I meant to go to the left oh I
see now
all right be careful be careful be
careful be careful we don't want to
start again holy shit we do not oh my
god and then up here and then up here up
here I've been up here oh no no okay
I don't know how I survived but I did
I haven't even done anything in this
video and I'm already back at the
beginning yes oh yeah oh yeah okay I'm
back baby come on Brandon we're back
baby oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh
yeah there you go baby Brandon's back
baby Brandon's back shit on my shit
thank you Jesus Christ alright we're
back here again not not not not not back
here for like the millionth time now
could you please just put the hammer on
the ledge there you go pull yourself in
there you go and then calm down no okay
it's fine this this could work now okay
pull yourself in and then pull something
okay we're back Jesus Christ what do I
do oh my god let go just let go oh this
is actually pissing on my face and not
the good kind
all right back here again no oh no I
will not give up come on Brandon you
could not give up okay you think this
games gonna beat me this game is not
going to beat me all right back here for
the millionth time I'm sick of saying
that shit now I say it every single time
I'm here
if I fail one more time I'm quitting
okay you have my word okay
there you go there you go now you're
doing it now don't fall for the love of
titties does what oh my God thank you
Jesus
all right we're back to where I the
furthest I've gotten okay this stupid
shitty thing again Jesus Christ I spend
another 20 minutes get up here oh I
don't even know how to even start
falling I don't even know how to get
past this dumb shit but not the fault
just just just just just okay well I
made some sort of progress no no no no
before please please please no no please
don't look please no no
okay guys I'm gonna end the video here
the game beat me okay
I lost sorry if this video reaches
10,000 likes I'll go back to where I was
and then try and make it further than
that okay thank God I was watching nah
you
