oh look children that Santa is here I
have snuck into Mexico house and I'm
going to be recording a video oh no I
think he's coming quickly go whoa what
the hell's going on why why why is this
camera recording I'm not too sure what
that was but today ladies German we are
gonna be reacting to some of the best
Christmas commercials now for some
reason in the UK a bunch of companies
compete to try and make the best
Christmas advert they possibly can now
in my opinion John Lewis makes the best
Christmas commercials ever okay and the
one they made in 2004 is my favorite
let's watch it okay a kid watching Pengo
on screen and he's like because I have a
penguin
alright so it's a story about a little
kid
with a with a penguin or I don't know
how he hustled this penguin out of a zoo
but he has a penguin
alright look at him play jumping on the
trampoline with him alright buddy in an
underground undercover fort the migrant
is just following him everywhere and no
one's not listening this paper alright
he's now the penguin swimming no one's
like questioning that how this little
kid has a penguin okay we're just gonna
believe it
but oh is it the penguin cute sleeping
next to him and playing football with
him they've given you a fish finger ah
this is so cute oh he's even helping
with the Christmas decorations was he
gonna write for Santa on his Christmas
list oh it's snowing
oh the pain was like I don't care about
snow the penguin love snow he's looking
at the TV oh where is he lonely oh this
is so cute
I will watch this in ages oh he sees
some to humans he's like I want that I'm
a penguin the penguin now taking the bus
this plane regards to God
hey it's just these two random old man
old people kissing
okay oh this kids like hmm I've got a
good idea
he's like wait we've got mr. penguin Oh
what did you get exposure to get him to
get him the penguin was a toy gives
someone the Christmas they've been
dreaming of ah so the penguin was an
actual penguin
it was his pet penguin and the mum got
her child
another toy penguin so the other penguin
is a lonely isn't that the cutest admire
ever now in my opinion that is the best
journalist advert but some people say
that Buster the boxer is the best advert
how about you guys decide all right so
you've got a dog why oh he's just
watching the girl jump with a badger
alright this is called Buster the dog
the girl goes to sleep
what's the dad doing there dad's
building a trampoline because she jumped
she loves jumping on a bed so they got
her a trampoline ah he put a bowl in
everything
ah that is really cute the dad prepared
a trampoline that she would wake up to
the Fox the Fox was like this day I've
never seen one of these things mama Fox
the Fox is so curious he's like what is
this I have never seen this
jumpy hey the book is like you can jump
on this oh shit
boxes are just jumping oh oh oh
badger what's doing it but it's like Oh
guys would you do it join the POI
why is going on okay this is
unbelievable and all the dog said oh no
ah the kids waking up what's she gonna
get for Christmas it is the trampoline
ah the dogs been watching animals jump
all night gives that everyone who loved
even Buster the boxer yeah okay that one
is funny I think that one is more funny
definitely that was a good one I haven't
watched that ages but yeah that is a
really good one all right now we've had
a funny commercial and we've also had a
really cute one
now apparently the one from 2015 by John
Lewis is certain to make you cry oh
right I've never seen this one before
let's see if this will make me cry
alright
sad piano music it's the best formula to
make me cry alright a girl looking a
telescope what's gonna find a man on the
moon because that's what that's what the
title is she's just zooming on the on
the moon okay am I supposed to believe
that she's gonna find a random man on
the meringue
kind of expensive ours telescope has she
got okay I'm pretty short on the
restaurant self a toast got this crazy
but look there's a man the moon ah the
man can't see so you got a telescope
though okay so a man just on the moon no
I don't know how he's breathing but so
ask questions he's lonely look at him
he's all by himself
he's on the bench he's like man I wish I
was back on earth oh my loved ones are
on earth ah this girl so retreat she's
like is she gonna write him a letter
yeah that's gonna refill girl yeah I
don't think you could show an hour that
by either ah she's trying everything she
wants to say hello on the old man's like
man no one loves me now christmas is
coming
alright did she get him a Christmas
present Oh what's a Christmas present
she's happy what was the Christmas
present hello they say no balloons and
again the telescope so now that the old
man can see them all back he's crying
yeah show someone they're loved this
Christmas oh so it wasn't actually a man
on the moon it's meant to say show like
your grandparents that you love them
because you're so distant with them but
Christmas is all about bringing the
whole family together ah that is really
cute all right those are all the John
Lewis adverts now for our next
commercial we're gonna be watching a
Heathrow Airport commercial now if you
guys don't know Heathrow is the biggest
airport in England okay
and apparently they made a commercial
for Christmas so let's watch it all
right
Oh teddy bear okay it's a story about
old teddy bears on a plane oh that's so
cute they're on the UK border it's the
passport gonna have a teddy bear
that's cute these old teddy bears that
acting like an old couple the old teddy
bears glasses to the wives wait for him
to finish the toilet helping with the
luggage
this is cute oh no the wife like to deal
with this shake for 10 G's
whoever long they're married Oh where's
the family where's the family
ah they were actually old people and not
teddy bears yeah it's a good point
actually I don't know why I wasn't
questioning the fact that there's teddy
bears you know riding planes but you
know all right now Sainsbury's which is
basically a supermarket chain in England
all right made a commercial in 2014
apparently it was like super sad
everyone's crying over this so let's see
if it's gonna make me cry oh my
Christmas Eve 1914 it's a pop top anyway
okay so it seems that it's World War one
with the trenches oh he got a letter
from his wife ah the wife setting in a
bar of chocolate how cute is that
singing it's the the Germans are singing
silent night ah they're all joining in
Oh Liz right
wait okay these guys are like a massive
wall all right and they're just
forgetting everything and just mean like
listening together guys because it's
Christmas Eve they're all lives they've
taken a break from fighting Sleep in
heavenly peace now it's Christmas Day
are they gonna killing each other
hi
he's a friend I mean surrendering I can
speak German but that's what he said oh
he's going up to nine knots not nine
nine nine
okay are we cool are we cool all right
we don't want a fight all right we were
singing Christmas songs a day ago all
right can we just chill for a second all
right I don't even know why one is gin
my name is Otto my name is Otto pleased
to meet you also
all right these soldiers have spent
years in training okay and have been
taught to hate the enemy and after one
Christmas song they're just like okay
we're friends now all right all right
showing our picture of his wife and now
they just claimed football with each
other all right now apparently this was
an actual thing in World War one
I think they like the Germans and the
English actually did take a break on
Christmas Day to play football and like
to not fight and then literally the next
day they went back to fighting so I
guess they're trying to say like this is
what it was like they're just completely
okay with each other now oh yeah
apparently that was a real thing so
maybe maybe it's not as stupid of as an
idea for a bunch of shoulder oh okay
Oh danke thank you are we favors for
Merry Christmas
Bulova knocking ila Galkin he's gonna
shoot me the back okay
that would be the plot twist oh I get he
gave him the chocolate and he gave me
shitty pop top oh they both gave each
other gifts
Christmas is for sharing by Sainsbury's
ah okay that's cute
mein import partnership okay alright I
feel bad for laughing but you can see
why I'm a bit confused but that was a
really cute Christmas ad okay okay guys
I'm gonna end the video there I hope I
got you a little bit more into that
Christmas mood now what I want you guys
to do is to go in the comments section
and let me know which one you think was
the best commercial out of all these
commercials in my opinion it was the
penguin what do you think thank you guys
so much for watching and I will see you
in the next video man so the guys love
you
ba ba
