hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mesh yourself there and today lanes
German we are back with the walking dead
baby thank you guys so much for showing
some amazing support on the series okay
a game that came out like five years ago
all right and I decide to play it now
all right but yet you guys are still
watching and still enjoying all right so
thank you so much I've been wanting to
play this game for so long as soon as
this video reaches 20,000 likes I'm
gonna upload the next episode this is
episode four and then we've got the last
episode episode 5 or episode 4 around
every corner
previously on The Walking Dead
previously on The Walking Dead it
happened last episode I don't know why
I'm acting so scared what do we do
what are we are poor duck give me the
gun I'll kill duck ha ha ha who was the
one giving the bandit supply we found
out that this shit it's all my fault
yeah a job dumb shit no way oh yeah this
guy broke his leg
oh no okay so so we found out that
clementines yeah when we find out been
talking to some guy in in this bloody
city that we go now going to okay well
it's coming comet I'm talkin to okay has
she not been watching my internet safety
videos I know I've been making shitty
decisions throughout the series okay but
I will make sure that nothing happens
okay you just need to trust me all right
I am good at these games The Walking
Dead okay I'm so excited oh my goodness
oh okay so we have we have now made it
to this bloody city okay we're gonna
take a boat and bloody swim somewhere
that's the plan oh my goodness
okay this city is abandoned can you
actually imagine what would happen to
your city if zombies you know came alive
around every corner
his guys running walking backwards this
guy's limping and no one's helping him
yeah I was just walking home
or some pretty Clementine you recognize
this place know where your parents are I
know that dead I leave she wants her
walkie-talkie but can't they just hold
it
she wants to talk to him okay she's like
come on Clementine we're getting close
to where my mom and dad are Amy I can't
I already told you no oh that's me again
okay yeah what's the harm in letting her
have it it doesn't even work I don't
take care yours let me take care of mom
that's what you think it does why yes
sorry I gotta give it up his legs pretty
bad I know - you're not fine yeah a
little bit
he needs to rest shut up okay I know
Kenny my father Denny
how much farther to the riverfront yeah
how much well it should be just a few
more blocks up ahead okay sue is he'll
better be oh there's no boaster have to
be no have to be I doubt it's going to
be okay Kenny knows what he's doing
oh shut up you bloody bum dick huh wait
what's that Bell did some Oh is there
someone up there ringing the bells
city's not so dead after all
gee Alvin no one's ringing that Bell
it's automatic on a time but what if it
wasn't Kenny that's the bloody thing
that we're thinking about what kind of
church bell goes off at 20 past the hour
yet 20 pots the our exact so it is
what's up there may be someone hurt yeah
I don't see anything what you don't want
you to see I know what I saw I'm telling
you there's someone up in that bell
tower someone along I'm gonna live it's
him how are you I thought you said
anything didn't work
oh who are you who is this is that you
up in the bell tower is it
oh no I had one is know what to say to
too many questions I would just play the
game hell was that is someone trying to
fuck with us yeah who is it gone more
like a warning a warning to walk not
from the Bell Tolls what are you
yammering on about
it's Betty zombies tones for the it pose
for the oh my goodness the dummy
did someone wind it bell the bell guys
they have somebody bell now they will
coming everybody everybody run ah yeah
okay
all right stupid shit is cornered Oh No
well as if Clementine dies
thinking you know that would show me
something funny but now I feel like I've
made a bad choice if I'm not doing that
but they won't like for that game all
right you may be a bit above your asses
river streets right at my hand okay
that's not all
oh no no there's no time we gotta go now
oh oh wait open Oh guys you think if I
saved Clementine I I think he gets
abandon either way honestly okay so we
somehow magically go away
all right and we somehow mend it
magically else so the good staying you
okay nope oh no oh no Kenny how's that
dork I'm working on it I'm working on it
Oh
won't be long before those things
outside figure out where we went you
know they can smell blood wait what no
zombies can smell blood why don't we
ever heard that you dumb go look at dirt
mount Oh No
what was buried there a doghouse
doghouse oh do you think the dogs buried
there what's this I was like there's
some kind of pet door here I tried it
already that's locked too oh okay the
hell ever heard of a locked doggie door
dog wears a collar with a chip in it so
the door only opens when the dog gets
close to it okay shit every day is a
school day all right so where's the dog
oh the dog is dead oh we're gonna have
to dig up the dog and get his collar oh
no no way I'll pick up the shovel we're
gonna do it guys and we're doing it oh
oh come doesn't even know oh god is that
the dog oh nothing clear go over and sit
with Christine oh yeah go sit over there
just do what I say okay it's mean - I
just wanted to give one Hut to die okay
take the thing is it gonna be alive oh
oh
Oh can't get it off Oh God Oh
okay that is not gonna stick and now we
can get into the house with the padlock
yeah there goes nothing
oh yes wait how do you get in anything
no look it's been empty a while okay
it's no good I can car get it come on
come on I'm ghetto skinny ass in then Oh
Oh clam are you okay say something okay
oh oh no she better don't you put my
zombie in that up good job Clem yeah
yeah way to go yeah good well done yeah
I didn't want her to feel bad again so I
was just not well done Clementine even
though you didn't listen to me everybody
it's okay let's just go in all right
this guy's limping away and winter
getting somewhere to rest this poor hobo
wrist is life outside we're not gonna do
anything to save this hobo it's gonna
leave him all right in the mind all
right we got more important things to
worry about
all right so is this house empty that's
the first thing we got a check we go
into some random person's house
we need to number one loot and number
two save it's empty
okay because you never know it could be
somebody's zombies so when were you
gonna tell us about the radio oh you
what that it's working hey I was gonna
tell you kidding I only found out
yesterday yeah so exactly if you were
keeping it from the rest of us keeping
it we just don't know who gives a shit
about the damn radio I'm more worried
about whoever it was out there ringing
that Bell trilling get down on top who
is this person like they didn't want us
to make it to the river
what makes you think you're not the same
/ maybe whoever was on the radio was
close enough to see us in the street and
anyone else other than the guy in the
Bell town because that doesn't make a
damn sense why would they bring out the
dead like that and then try to warn us
about it
whoever that was on the radio I think
they were trying to help us they did
warn us they did warn us that is true I
think we can all use a little time to
rest up and gather our thoughts Kitty
yeah at least until those walkers
outside wander off and old meets feeling
better true he'd best feel better quick
ain't gonna wait around here too long
Oh Kenny once again on this boat we need
to check the whole house we do we you've
got down here make sure you check every
door of course I will okay you can tell
me boy I was just asking Clementine if
she knows who the man on her radio is oh
it's okay honey you can tell us who is
it who is he what does he want
yeah go ahead Claire it's okay you're
not in any trouble yeah you're not in
trouble just tell us it's a friend
afraid I don't think he wants to hurt us
but what if he does Clementine I told
him I was trying to find my parents and
that they were in Savannah oh really
seems nice I think he wants to help me
find them but what does he want anything
honey
trust me that's not what he wants he Oh
Oh what I believe you need to get up
here now what's wrong there's something
it's Kenny what Kenny said he thought he
heard something up there went to go look
what happened is up there
Oh No critters go go don't come down oh
okay King Pakeezah
canes okay the scoped it took about if
you're worrying me go up let's see
Kenny's okay Kenny are you up here Jimmy
Kenny huh what's he doing Kenny what's
he looking at
Kenny Kenny you okay man Jesus what the
hell is that
why God
zombie Oh God
oh is it the son the son who lived in
the house we looked at the picture Oh Oh
No
oh it reminds of stock oh he starved I
don't know if I can Lee couldn't do it
before can't do it now
oh he can't kill him because he reminds
of his son I'll take care of it
yeah I'll do it before I'll do I'll do
I'll do are you sure yeah don't worry I
love killing kids all right
ah this poor kid Oh kid no I want to
give the gun to Kenny all right I got to
do it all right poor Kenny oh man look
at this little guy supposed to try to
hide out up here until he starve to
death
oh that's true oh man what do we do
stomp on him bash his head or shoot him
okay I don't think I should shoot him
because it may be that make too much
noise do you think I should just stomp
on his head but that's the that's the
worst way for me to do it what am i
doing don't look Kenny please don't look
hahahahaha no no I'm sorry oh man
and then it's squished heads just that
the way to squished like that we should
Mariam bury him
I've got time to put him in ah so sad ah
right next to Rufus oh man sad ha ha ha
they really make it they really drawn
this one out
oh man it's like god dammit I look so
sad oh come on you can do it Lee come on
you can do it
spitting oh no clementines looking oh
that's sad everyone's sad ok is he
buried enough now alright or do you want
a little more no they wanted to click
again okay hey oh hey well this could
either be a random man or who are you
what the hell do you want from us do you
think the guy what's going on is it the
guy that's been stalking us saw someone
standing there by the fence watching us
yeah
no too fast took off like a bad of a
hill when I spotted it was it a man or a
woman a man didn't get a good enough
look oh okay I'm wondering if it's the
same guy who's been following us it
would be we haven't seen anyone else in
the city so maybe it's this guy what's
all the ruckus what's all the ruckus
we're gonna well I've been watching us
from outside the gate what who yes I'm
God you shine don't like this one bit
I'm gonna get out of it with the head I
go to get the head out of it all right
that's it we stuck around here long
enough it's time to get back on track I
think we should go down to the river and
find ourselves a boat okay let's go
hopeful needs well enough to move yet
well he better get ready because I'm
going down to River Street right as soon
as she's ready to go we are moving out
we only check the house to make sure
it's secure they didn't really toss the
place we're low on food water meds ammo
true we should make sure there's nothing
here we can use before we move on true
maybe it's not such a bad idea to check
the place I said
done with this house oh he's done with
it
cuz he got pissed off about this poor
kid we can do both then you take one
last look around a place grab anything
that looks useful while me and Kenny go
down to the river to get us a boat okay
can't I come
my mom and dad can't be far now maybe we
can look for them I think it'd be best
if you stayed here with Ben I need you
to watch out for Omid and Krista help
them get ready to move out
you said I'm supposed to always stay
close to you oh it's just this once
yeah we all have to put aside what we
want for that good at the group hey
don't worry I'll be back before you know
it Clementine okay okay so we're gonna
go head out for a bowl Oh just gonna
leave me on the bench here well that's
not how it is Ben yeah I need you to
stay here and keep an eye on Clementine
yeah I can do that we're just so we're
good here
well I'm gone anything or anyone tries
to get inside this house oh shoot oh
okay oh we trusted Ben to look after
Clementine oh no why do I feel like I'm
gonna regret that
okay the father they said you chose to
trust him yeah kinda shows me that I
shouldn't trust him okay so me and Kenny
are gonna go out you know I think that's
probably makes more sense you know the
two strongest people are they live in
this car there's no way we're gonna find
a boat you don't think anyone else in
this city had that same idea or finding
a boat to when a zombie apocalypse
happened come on now
you think just a boat which is gonna be
sitting there you want to talk about it
what about what about what happened back
there in the Attic yeah no I'm sure man
and the rivers right up ahead Jesus
quite he's got some issues yeah you
don't wanna talk about it of course a
sailor gauge it faster is fuckin with us
again it's another trap oh no that's not
the same bail as before
it's what's further off whatever it is
it's gonna get the dead moving over
there oh so are they helping us
because they're zombies are not gonna go
over that the person ringing that bill
might be doing us a favor
whatever man maybe find whoever's doing
that I'll wring their motherfucking bill
for me okay the zombies are going away
so you know maybe that's good timing or
maybe they did on purpose to help us we
don't know okay let's go find it's going
down bone now oh my god what oh it's the
river there's gotta be a boat no got me
I did why would that be a boat we need
to start thinking about a plan B oh he
doesn't wanna play it's the only one
we've got
and you pissing on it in front of
everyone like you did back at the house
ain't exactly helping screw you I ain't
giving up that easy
I didn't do that I just just okay Oh
Kenny don't be like that okay
I just want to be a realistic head
looking at all these boats I'll check it
out you look further along the
waterfront
maybe there's something at the other end
okay Kenny too far is a biohazard see
that telescope you can see all the way
along the waterfront from right here Oh
see what you can find good good idea
okay let's look through the telescope
now okay I bet you I'm gonna I'm gonna
see some crazy shit in this telescope
okay okay I've got quarter now just put
the quarter in what's up with the boat
oh what's that ain't gonna work
pulse crack beneath the waterline
someone stripped out the battery
ah yeah look at this okay just look at
it what the hell is that
what is it yeah I don't know what is
that okay so let's look at this
telescope now okay so we've got a
quarter
anything are we gonna see some shit no
sign of any boots dumber
okay no boats over there he'll what what
who it oh we saw the person is this the
person that's been following us get down
get down get down the person that's
before us it's what our dad could be our
bell ringer how about we go find out
yeah um
sounds like a player yes I have to find
you head up the middle of the street
I'll go around the side and cover your
flank will come up on him quiet
taken by surprise okay okay that's a
good plan okay hey I'm worried just want
to talk to this key yeah all right we
don't know it was a bad person or not
all right so let's not just shoot them
maybe we should shoot them just approach
them from which angle just before okay
we're gonna do it we're gonna do it I
never this person is but we're gonna get
it okay we're gonna get them three two
one
Oh way to go Oh
Kenny no where are you Oh No she's gonna
kill me
no I already kicked it to help uh what's
going on okay anyway forget about Glenn
okay I'm just saved my life actually
yeah so I should complain
you're not from Crawford no I'm no I'm
from Macon like bacon have you been
following us following you Oh
Oh Kenny don't don't don't don't do it
chili don't well how can I beat them not
to do that and yeah he still does it and
now look what you've done
all right now you just shot a bullet and
everything now zombies are gonna start
coming everyone just calm down calm down
what she tells me who the fuck she is
my name's Molly the name is Molly only
is this kid even coming time yeah
looking for any trouble we just want to
survive hi so cute as any reason she's
trusting are you know I'm from making
like bacon penny hears from Florida she
didn't ask for our life stories Lee
what's the deal with this Crawford yeah
what's with that you sure you want to
know I I don't know when everything
started going to shit some people got
together and sealed off that whole
neighborhood folks willing to do
anything to stay alive whoa dead getting
it I try to avoid them all right why
yeah why what's so bad as I say they
have a zero-tolerance policy for anyone
who liked or can't live by their rules
so I know we weren't there
because there are no children in
Crawford not anymore
Walt you know he's been ringing those
bells all over town yeah Oh huh I knew
it Lee I knew she was the one who's been
following us fucking with us
Oh with that finger out of my face
grandpa damn it straight up your ass I
don't even know who the hell you people
are oh she wasn't following down okay
voice on the radio was a guy remember
Trey whoever you are ringing those bells
this morning nearly got us all killed
raise the dead so why'd she do that the
idea genius it's how I get around I ring
a bell in one neighborhood to attract
the local geeks Gordon finds me sometime
to scavenge the areas that cleared out
oh oh
take them upstairs I didn't just want to
sit around there I wanted to come help
but it could have been dangerous
oh poor cam I'm sorry but I'm just
looking out for you bring up when she
did I would have beaten your brains out
Crawford's all about the survival of the
fittest Oh the rest of the world but
shit Jesus Christ oh okay just the
opposite
what exactly did Crawford do with all
these birds what happened
yeah well kick him out you met some of
them already is that is that's them
they killed me they kill ya
anyone who got sick anyone too old
anyone they figured wasn't strong enough
to survive to them those people were
just mouths to feed
I just mean so we came to this town
there's no boat but yet we found out
you're not from cross that closer to
some weird place yeah what are we doing
there well we came for a boat and now
we're trying to survive it okay do down
here looking for book open to get our
people out of here find something yeah
no I say yeah good luck with that anyone
with a boat took it out of here as soon
as people's yes well that's all I need
that got left behind Crawford's stripped
in four parts yeah ours too
yeah it's gotta be something if guy was
do you think I'd still be here
sure and over every inch of this city
this whole place is picked clean
yeah and she's been pickpocketing this
place shit Kenny's boat dream is gone to
shit back to where you came from before
oh we can't go back to where they came
from he's gonna be to come in oh no run
are you gonna help us get out of it go
are we just gonna
run away you see that Oh gunshot must
have brought him back
oh no oh okay she ran oh no I need one
of those um just gonna let her go
oh hey you can't just leave us here
really watch oh look at that cute little
face you can't say no good that she's
that okay I'll take you Clem okay you're
okay alright it's alright yeah no just a
Clem help us to go give Kenny a boost
come on Jessica Jessup any piece oh no
oh no oh no we need that we don't
provide for Clementine sake leave come
on either survival for clementines sake
Oh jump on the bed jump jump on the
trash can jump on it jump on it and then
jump come on lean get your ass out of
there oh it's going down it's going down
to the store she gave me a thing oh what
a nice go go go go go go
Evon time boys dead wife is always
coming down do they not know that they
can just you know crawl down oh yeah
there's one oh and she died well smart
girl good time can you hear me oh if you
can hear me just get back to the house
okay I'll meet you there
I don't think she can hear me oh shit
okay well we're kind of safe because
we're stuck in the football place all
right but what if there's bloody zombies
in the pretty cool place all right so
I'm guessing we've walked down here uh
imagine the smell of this body football
drain oh no bleep be careful don't slip
don't slip easy oh okay we're gonna
explore the bloody purple place pick up
a dead rat in there this thing I'm gonna
need is some god-awful disease Oh
disgusting what is this Oh to mean to
find that the wheel for this probably
all their zombies there shit what do
what daddy do what do I do about the
Billy zombies Oh God all that we can
just have good cool for him all right
here
how convenient turn the pipe oh what's
that doing oh that did something what
did I do
Oh water's coming from there now oh it
distracted them now we can go oh okay
well there's on me Amy I was thinking
that I could attack it but I bet maybe
not okay so you put the thing from that
thing onto this thing okay and they're
just gonna help us now
I think that's gonna do something okay
is that gonna put water over here okay
oh now they're gonna come over here and
then we're gonna slip by oh I get it
guys I think I just saw what I think I
saw okay cool so we made it past them
but guys look I think I just saw is that
oh it was shot you must have tried to
hang out down here
oh poor Chuck this whole bowl that we
met them bullets nice to see the last
release it oh man you deserve better oh
man oh he does that's kind of sad okay
yeah he say he risked his life for us
okay
he said clementines life all right when
I when I didn't all right because I was
too interested in seeing Clementine died
this is all be here okay oh no she's got
no face Oh get off me get it get out get
out get out punk on the head
oh the ladders broken can we jump up
gone Lee gone leave oh oh did I find a
secret bloody passage it looks like it
hello oh okay we're gonna go in we're
just gonna go in a fallout shelter oh
okay
must have been one of those old nuclear
fallout shelters whoa
okay so this is good place that
Discovery's right look at all this Oh
enough to keep people alive for months
yes I'll go to open the door
I'm from Macon like bacon it's all right
it's like no or no trouble all bad want
any trouble neither do we Oh which is
why you'd do well to turn around and
leave right now
Oleg I'm sorry I disturbed you folks
I'll just be going oh you can't let him
leave he's from Crawford if you hear are
you from Crawford no no no don't lie to
me I know no no no no I've came here
with a small group hoping to find a boat
I just want to get out of here about you
just let me go yeah the Trueno boats
around here Crawford took everything
yeah that's what we found out can't
trust him Vernon you can't let him leave
no what do you want me to do shoot him
in the head
why not be more of a mercy than anyone
from Crawford ever showed us Oh what do
you think they'll do if they find out
we're down here right under their feet
no I'm not from Crawford but I saw what
they did up there made me sick not like
them and I don't think you are either
yeah thank you a good man
keep back oh I swear I don't really do
it it's alright it's okay Bernie what
the hell are you doing oh I didn't want
to shoot me relax I'm not here to hurt
you yeah just just calm down
you're really not from Crawford no I'm
really not
I'm from Macon well we are or were oh we
got out of there when they started
sealing up the place okay hearted weed
not the sick and the old so the perfect
survivor Society wouldn't be so so he
got thrown out his whole weakness or
vulnerability in their little master
race Oh looked at old so you sit oh were
sick we're all members of a cancer
survivors group that used to meet here
at the hospital
I saw but that wasn't good enough for
Crawford it already rounded up five of
us before the rest of us managed to hole
up and hide from them down here they
were gonna kill a man abandoned for you
oh my god few of us got boxed in by
walkers up on a tree came down here
trying to get away now I just want to
get out of here get back to my old
people
yeah well that sewer system you came
through runs all over the city it'll
take you wherever you want to go cool
why should we help you Oh try a golf
bitch sorry for scared you I just want
to get back to my people back to
Clementine she's your daughter
yeah no no she lost her real parents I'm
doing what I can
oh they're considering going with him
it's all right Bri I have a daughter to
alter in the first days oh I'll be
damned if I'll just sit back and let
that happen to someone else yeah cool
man okay so we made it back to the
popper typical time all right we don't
have to go through all those shitty
sewers we're just here now oh it's
coming time Oh
clementines here right cuz she's here
Marley oh oh hey you made it back I
think you have something that belongs
to me yeah your your sickle or thing any
one of those though that is pretty cool
thank you
I mean yeah thanks for thanks for
letting us borrow Li thank God Oh house
I mean Oh what's wrong
it's Oh me Oh No worse yeah he's gonna
turn I'll see what I can do
take me to him okay he's gonna his gonna
how are everything worked out all right
who would have thought all right who
would have thought definitely not me
poor me he just he's gonna die I
shouldn't be laughing all right let's
take a look at him yeah just look at
this stupid oscillator without an
audience I'm sure you have more things
of your own to attend to without an
audience buddy act out or anything on
that look at clementines drawing uh all
right what is draw something scary oh so
she drew me bearing the dog oh that's so
sad
what the hell Kenny Oh Kenny always
drinking crystal hurry you made it back
good job good job
oh I think you're doing oh how does it
look like Oh found it found it take it
easy
I think you've had enough yeah with you
Oh getting waste it's not gonna help
anyone oh yeah
well what is we are fucked
Oh Oh Molly said there's not a single
boat left in Savannah Oh way yeah we got
walkers all around us that crazy fuck on
the radio messing with us
yeah if now eight the time for a drink
Oh Kenny it's okay Oh Kenny sad just
looking at oh that's right bandy bad not
being I gave you one job when I left
here yeah
care of Clementine yeah then she shows
up out on River Street looking for me
the hell happened weapon I think
she went out to play in the backyard on
her own with no one watching her man
will you get off my back
she's fine out there oh it's your ass
hello Oh God be careful Lee be careful
hello oh well you had me worried Oh what
did you find
Oh what could it be
what could it be it's a repo it's a boat
we have a boat now this was here the
whole time I know right I know right now
my god Oh Clementine you get good Oh
canes like it is party's gone damn I got
dropped my whiskey because it's a
goddamn bow all right we got a plan the
plan can still happen we can take a boat
to somewhere safe even though we don't
know where that place is we want the
good news
oh no no we can't use it bad news is
she's not taking us anywhere the shape
she's in right now Oh
gas tanks empty and the battery's dead
but we can fix it sounds like Crawford
is the one place that has everything we
need
maybe we should be actually gonna oh
look this guy's face today we have to
try there people left in this city who
are still alive who still have supplies
what harm can it do to ask no you don't
know these people
I do you showing up with a wounded man
might as well put a noose around his
neck they don't exactly welcome children
with open arms either yeah they go and
of a place are we talking about here the
worst kind but I don't see what other
choice we have so how exactly do you
figure we do this so we're gonna have to
steal that it might actually be away oh
I know the sewer system that runs
beneath Crawford like the back of my
no wouldn't happen to have a map by any
chance well we just are doing we
actually do we found all the trade
remember I think I could lead us through
so we could pass under the perimeter and
right into the center where they keep
their supplies oh come on right
underneath them take them by surprise
grab what we need and get out before
they even knew what hit them
yeah like that plan I think if we all
work together we could pull it all we
can put it all what do you want return
for all this help you're giving us Oh
Alfred doesn't just have what you need
for your boat they're all so well
stocked with medical supplies Oh venison
why people could use just as yours
Truly's we have to so hey going to
Crawford let's do it and do this I know
we can do it guy oh yeah we can all
seriously talking about this oh I mean
what about the risk for the rest man
that boat out there is an answered
prayer
Troy's gotta push a little bit farther
yeah
are you in i main routes I'm in we
should go tonight under cover of dark
yeah go let my people know give you all
a chance to prepare do an act before
midnight oh yes how I'm still alive oh
yeah let's go boy we're gonna do it
we're gonna go to Crawford I'm so
excited to stay in your room oh how long
have you been there now she heard
everything is it going to be dangerous
oh we're gonna be dangerous
she had everything Crawford okay lock to
your clue I can't laugh it's going to be
dangerous clamors I can't lie to get to
the only way to get the things we need
to make o me better it's road boat
working that's why we have to do this
it's drove do you understand do you
understand a clamp I don't want anyone
else to die oh don't say that to me
neither do i clear but sometimes we have
to take that kind of Oh someone is gonna
die I know someone's gonna die someone
always dies whenever we do these things
Oh dad you need all of us to do this oh
and you said I'm a big help remember oh
ok clam you're gonna die
sit Crawford is the only place left in
Savannah that still has people oh that
means it must be where my mom and dad
are right I think it'd be safer for you
to stay here with AMI what if something
happens to him while you're gone
oh no you mean he's sick if he doesn't
get better and you know he might try to
hurt oh that's true I can't leave
without meat okay okay she can come you
can come but you have to promise to stay
quiet and do exactly what you're told
the whole time we're there all right see
fat I'm gonna go get ready uh-huh
what you mean go get ready you don't
have any clothes like what is that to
get ready yeah okay so I think
Clementine would have been annoyed if we
didn't allow it to come I think she
already would have came anyway check out
what I found in the garage
what'd you find hacksaw some other tools
might come in handy on this little
break-in cool can I talk to you a minute
Oh what do you want Kenny took another
look at the boat she's a 30-footer
oh so so we're gonna have a capacity
problem boat that size ain't gonna hold
more than five people oh one of them a
kid I mean you clean crystal assuming
everyone that's way mall it's still one
too many even if we cut Molly loose
before this is over you're gonna have to
make a decision
Oh sheds if we want the best chance of
oh okay the new people who the hell is
this this is Bree she can help us
she's Bree hello Bree we're gonna need
all the help we can get yeah I was a
student at the school where Crawford
keeps their supplies
I know the layout oh okay I think we can
get away with this guys okay I don't
think I think we're not gonna be able to
do it stealth like we're planning
obviously we're getting at core you
ready ready
okay whoa hold on a minute you're not
taking her with us oh did you not hear
anything I said about the kind of place
Crawford is if you take her in there and
they find her
this little girls not just excess
baggage she's gotten us out of a tight
spot more than what she has okay we're
doing it guys we are doing it we are
going to god damn Crawford I'm so
excited okay this is what's fun about
doing these let's plays all in one go
right underneath is that we'll have to
you guys have to wait for another video
you're doing that right now okay people
this is it this is it remember the play
remember the plan be quiet
one day hidden hidden we stay together I
stayed again we find what do we need and
we get the hell out okay and that part
about staying close that goes double for
you yeah double for you let me clue and
let's go up out of the poopoo
oh that all my rhyming skills are on
fire today open the manhole Oh are we in
Crawford now no way let's go I are we
where are we oh I just see it can you
guys see a sickle on the right where is
everybody where is everybody lines
patrolling what you disappointed all the
strange
oh it's a zombie this guy's looking like
a zombie look at him look how it walks
all right I'm pretty sure this guy's a
zombie maybe this place got infiltrated
by zombies
look at him what the fuck yeah it's a
zombie there's zombies everywhere ah
this whole place is now full of zombies
it didn't it didn't last I'm sorry
oh that plan of mine safe do they
actually end up working out oh yeah it
is community where you're separating
everyone else
what if someone affected get gets in
alright cool so I think that that makes
me feel a little bit better knowing that
there's no humans that are out there to
kill us only zombies okay cuz omni's are
pretty easier we're supposed to be
secure well it's not what always happens
I guess in the end the dead always win
so screwed oh this is good there's good
how we can deal with walkers these I
think so car yeah that's what I said I
agree so long as we don't let him box us
in we can still do this we can do plan
hasn't changed the plan hasn't changed
every time Walker's show up the plan
change no calls you wanna do a head
count or do you want to get what we need
and get the hell out of here the hell
out of it I got a bad feeling about this
shut up Ben okay no one likes you easy
oh there could be zombies inside the
building guys I can hear them actually
there is some bees inside the building
oh god they're all buying this door can
you imagine how many of them are there
oh god it's pretty scary huh
Oh Maria oh we should go to the armory
we should get guns is it locked
no it's locked figures now mine are we
gonna find a key or something as that we
have to do Wow they planned out the
whole area looks like they were using
this room as some kind of command center
damn there's a
in a shed across from the playground
here okay so the schools that's probably
where it'll be in the maintenance shed
okay the medicine where would be the
best place to look for medicine um right
here nurse's station
okay they were using it as a medical
facility okay so the nurse's station for
the for the medical do you know that oh
just makes sense doesn't it
no she was here she said she said idea
that she would see from head this auto
shop it's right next door yeah okay yep
it's called Herman's you can't miss it
cool okay I'll make the run to the
maintenance shed for the fuel cool it'll
be faster if I go with you I can take
you right to it okay I'll come too okay
to people's enough you stay here see if
you can use any of those tools we
brought to get that armory door open
okay I need to shoot our way out of here
I'll go for the medicine I'll come with
you
I know what to take uh-huh okay and that
leaves me so that leaves me to go find
us a battery to co-sign the batteries
you watch your back cool with me oh okay
so yeah Clem are you gonna be okay
you're gonna stay here what can I do
yeah you got to stay here I need you to
stay here with being and watch over our
command center I'm putting you in charge
of it okay okay I'm leaving him with you
Clementine is so cute I can't wait to
see her grow up in like the future
seasons that's why I wanted to play all
this like all the seasons like all at
once when they were all out on some call
right because I can't wait to see what
she's gonna be like when she grows up
all right so we're gonna make our way
and find this battery boy the alleyway
to the auto shops down here you comin or
not yeah I'm coming you dumbass all
right so we're outside now and we're
gonna go to the motor shop now Molly
where's she gone is she gone like flying
where's she gone
Oh
with that money please tell me that was
money right oh we can climb up here
Oh be careful Lee be careful Oh Oh be
careful Lee oh my god sir that could
have been bad okay cool
can we open this garage door oh shit
zombie just came out sky what the hell
leavin
oh he's mine
Oh God where the hell have you been yeah
what you go-o-oh does she know this guy
or something I think you got it one more
yes Jesus okay all right he's wearing
medical scrubs some kind of scientist or
doctor maybe oh no but the garage doors
jammed can't raise it yeah help not a
problem
look what I found oh okay Oh puffing
yeah that'll work
now what yeah Oh zombies oh no oh no
it's a hurry up oh oh they're coming oh
no zombies are coming okay before what
are waiting for
okay all right now you're going oh oh oh
go go zombies are coming oh oh oh this
home be still alive oh no is it gonna
come crawling I'll make sure no
stragglers get under the store okay cool
that sounds good well I can see where
their batteries should be but it's not
oh no someone took the battery think I
can borrow that I don't know hilda and I
have been through a lot together what
Hilda Hilda the caller don't judge good
care of her she won't get a scratch
yeah give me Hilda all right I just need
to get this car that's your promise now
not a scratch oh don't worry I promise
no I used to be girl cry
it's open Oh God liquids coming out is
that good all did it oh oh it's gonna
scum there's the back finally something
goes right can we just take the battery
out I'll take this out twist twist twist
twist twist twist
oh I guess one off got drowned off all
right okay follow me oh shit oh shit
shit oh yeah go Lea just like watches
while these zombies are coming in go go
go go go
okay cool Wapello let's go Oh money
saved me oh I can't do that jump you
crazy
come on what are you chicken chicken huh
buy a chicken okay what did you call me
chicken
I know chicken well now they mention
yeah I might be a chicken you know oh oh
my god I can't be she did that she
actually saved me Wow why is it whole
miss roof
okay so boss the question is something I
gotta do first what Oh catch you later
wait you've still got the battery yeah I
think I'll hold on to it make sure you
don't leave without me oh yeah back in
class Molly damn it what the hell is she
doing what is she doing what is she I
feel like because she's been in Crawford
but she doesn't want people to know that
she was in Crawford so maybe she has
some like unfinished business here I
don't know anyway so we've got what we
need guys let's go oh oh
Oh God take this thing oh good Jesus
Christ no no we gotta go we gotta go we
gotta go we gotta go
let's not start high-fiving each other
just yet let's get the hell back to the
classroom
with these few goddamn time all right
okay so these armies are coming in
pretty soon so we need to hurry up sir
but the fuel got the battery kind of one
more thing there is something you can
help me with Oh
something has been on my mind I could
use your opinion okay
what is it it's Kenny I've been helping
him work on the boat I've gotten to know
him a little better
Oh good guy you know and it's eating me
up knowing what I know
oh I've been thinking about telling him
the truth beard oh this again it's my
fault
ducking kochia got killed if I hadn't
screwed up back at the moment kind of is
the whole life how am I supposed to just
carry something like that around I have
to tell him oh that's gonna be bad news
Kenny is not gonna like that and agree
but I kind of want to see a hat we'll
just Merc ya know now though you don't
get it Lee what am I supposed to do
whenever he talks about kaca and duck
just not and pretend like it wasn't my
fault I can't it is your home alright so
yeah so I think everything seems okay
hey I think I have to go get the
medicine now so let's go do that
oh shit Oh zombies are inside they're
had too nervous office Oh God okay now
we know what to do oh god we can't shoot
right that's a bad idea
coming they're all coming out oh man I'm
a good shot okay Oh be okay what the
hell happened
oh they wandered into the hallway after
we got inside oh no you must have heard
us rooting around in here the whole
place is infested they're everywhere
oh my god I took care of them what about
the meds did we find what we need yeah
that's our other problem Oh
take a look what happened oh no looks
like they were keeping all the
prescription meds in that safe locked up
is there an alarm
there's no way we can bust it open maybe
with enough time but I don't know how
much of that we have Oh a hell of a lot
quicker if we just knew the four-digit
combination
well how we're gonna pick it out down
and left it here for us to find oh just
try busting it open we don't have any
other choice ah we can find the code you
somewhere as a camcorder anything on it
no teeth inside no tape okay what's this
oh okay we got a tape is there something
interesting on this tape maybe we might
see the combination code wrister come on
the tank I need to sense it look drink
15:47 dr. Logan in consultation with
patient Anna Korea and the Korea I need
you to brace yourself Anna the sonogram
confirms that you're pregnant oh and
they're not allowed pregnant people here
as you know the rules are very clear the
termination is mandatory oh you don't
have to tell them tell them it was just
nausea but you gave me something for it
and it went away this is my problem not
yours
Oh some finds out that I concealed
evidence of our pregnancy okay I'm sorry
but these are the rules oh I'm gonna
give you a sedative
it'll make the procedure easier on you
don't have a choice she wants to keep
the banks being with this but I need you
to come back no later than tomorrow or
I'll have no choice but to inform
Overson myself I'm sorry
Oh
poor girl okay we didn't see him put in
the cold he was about to put in the cold
but we didn't get a chance okay is there
another tape we almost had it yeah we
did how kind of place was this damn Olli
said were so worried eat I think I
recognized that doctor he was one of the
walkers out in the alley by the Otto sir
who do you should search see what he's
got on him okay so we have to search his
body
okay great wherever got all the way back
there now Jesus Christ all right we're
back to this stupid guy still alive all
right come and stop this on me here we
go
okay so let's search his body see what
he has on him come on what do you have
what do you have your dumb aw shit oh
it's another tape great now we're gonna
set this dumbass Tomas tape gonna make
me go all the way back first looks like
some kind of code Oh Vernon said the
safe combination was only four numbers
yeah I think that code was maybe for a
locker that I saw earlier and the girl
okay I'm gonna go to that locker okay so
we have two more tapes now all right so
one of the one the combination code must
be uncommon on one of these but the tape
in there we go or let's have a look
what's in this house taking a decision
oh this poor girl you can terminate the
pregnancy or leave Crawford of course
that would be a death sentence for both
you and your unborn child
yeah maybe that's best I stayed up all
last night thinking about this why are
we even trying to survive to keep on
living oh this is what it takes this is
what it's turned us into oh I don't make
the rules Hannah Chuck dude I'm begging
you please help me Oh one day when
things are different you can try again
but for now today we have to do this Oh
Oh what is the code oh seven oh I just
saw it seven two four three
no no would she the reason why this is
why why this guy time to Assam being and
affected everyone oh oh my god so now we
know what happened I think we know what
happened to Crawford
but there's another time we we got the
combination oh she's sad okay yeah
alright so another code oh I had it was
different we're in business now okay all
right what about antibiotics morphine
taking care of course of course
okay I think we're good cool this is
more than enough for your people and
mine
yeah it's go it's now found a third tape
in the locker outside oh maybe there's
something else on there
we got the meds for Omid that's all I
care about
okay he'll head back to the classroom
don't take too long Lee oh okay I guess
we're gonna have we're gonna look at
this tape I I never for a fact you know
there's gonna be some creepy shit on it
all right what's on this third tape oh
oh as fun as this was I have to put a
stop to this little arrangement this is
the last I could give you Oh Oh Burson
had someone down here yesterday taking
inventory he's really cracking down I
just can't risk it
we had a deal they were sleeping
together a deal we don't anymore
oh your needs this medicine without it
shall die or she'll start showing
symptoms and they'll take her away I
can't let that happen
oh I can but I have to look out for
myself here
oh that's the Crawford way isn't it so
that's why she was angry and that's why
she killed her that the dead body
because of our sister Oh so we found out
her sister died then maybe shit oh okay
we now know a little bit more about
Molly that used to be here okay so I'm
pretty sure she's going to fan now cuz
we've got all the stuff that we need you
know and all that we need now is just an
epic like chase scene you know where
they check us chase us out and when you
know have to shoot our way out and stuff
like that you know it's pretty much
what's gonna happen oh oh oh she's she's
Molly I'll take that battery now Oh
about that about what I'm just kidding
yeah okay yeah gives battery there you
go here you go thank you
what's that oh nothing oh it's a sista
you can quit with the AG money I know
you're from Crawford what yeah I thought
did she just saw you on a security tape
why'd you lie to me I said there were
stories about Crawford I never said
that's how I knew about oh I thought I
never lied to you and even if I did so
what I don't owe you anything you saved
my life twice but you can't tell me the
truth
yeah are we really gonna do this now I
guess that's up to you yeah I used to
live here with my sister yeah she was 14
Oh when the Dead started walking and
Crawford shut itself in it seemed like a
pretty good deal at first we were safe
we had everything we needed to survive
and she died but I saw what they'd
already become I just wish I could have
seen it before it was too late
oh they came and took my sister away
they took her away because she was sick
oh they killed us sister this is all I
have left
oh that's so sad they didn't have time
to take it before I got out of Crawford
I just wanted it okay it's okay buddy
Oh Stan oh I think that's our cue to get
the hell out of here what the hell is
that
Oh God was I noise
uh-oh guys will not say what I say
there's always a hey alright
oh shit sorry sorry I just got spooked
by those bells and then I heard someone
coming did you leave comment on I let
them know Kenny's with her okay we still
can't open that armory door you sent me
out to look for something we can use to
bust it open
Oh found the door I just found it it was
stuck in the door handle at the end of
the hall right
it's all me they're coming it's all mr.
come in come on sir but now how do we
get out go through the armory we can
just get this damned world come on come
on we go to Oz that's right to God shit
no wait I was gonna hold up this ain't
the best time whatever you did save it
for later
fine go until oh no spin me all along
putting all of us in danger
oh god oh god
what are you sir
nice group you got the time Bobby he's
getting on my boat after what he did
he's out of his motherfucking mind whoa
I know you're upset I understand but you
don't get to make a decision like that
on your own we're all in this together
warum group sure take a vote this is
America fuck it but before you all
decide there's something you want to
know whoa Motz not big enough for all of
us somebody's gotta go
might as well be this piece of shit
right it is gonna be my leave
I'm sorry Ben I know you mean well but
all I want to do is get back to Oh me oh
she's true wait don't you get a vote oh
of course you do Clementine of course
you do yeah
he's my friend oh we don't leave friends
behind you that's my guess so sweet
habit I'm so sweet I think Oh
i jus this right now yeah I abstained
we'll figure this ugly yeah I don't want
to vote now okay
that way Kevin time won't be mad at
anyone
okay well now you don't get to say I
think Oh Vernon come on
Oh God Oh Vernon oh we just get this I
knew someone was gonna die and of course
it was the one that I had no idea who
the hell she even is a few rows that's
it it's all been taken you didn't close
that door behind us I could the lock was
buzzed cause there's no guns here
because that's how the zombies came come
on there's gotta be a way out down here
they must have cleaned out the guns when
the zombie outbreak broke happen Oh God
I think there's a zombie that's just
there oh who is that oh it's got a God
look what it gave me
okay all right we got a gun he's asking
the back way Oh No
great alright Li's stomachs now being
cut open
okay well then oh alright who saved my
life
Oh Christina thank you so much come on
me
get your hatchet out come on your way
your way and another one's my shotgun
this leads to the roof we might be able
to find a way down from there oh why why
well why don't we we are the the rail
road brought a lot of zombies okay but
why do they ask us that cuz he might a
must have saw it from the window
Oh Oh No
anyways with the kid
oh no I do oh I never get the choice let
me go
I think we should help him right guys Oh
I actually didn't want to do that I
thought it was only people pick them up
there with broken legs instead all right
but we all knew bed was gonna die anyway
all right that's some point was gonna
die Oh me Oh what meat okay is he dead
hold on
is he dead Krister don't stay back I
never should have left you I'm so sorry
he told us to get away from him did he
die oh he didn't die hey back already
oh we got you medicine we're gonna make
sure they feel like I could use some no
there you go everyone's everyone's safe
all right I was have a bad return oh
yeah didn't make it yeah what happened
uh son of a bitch nearly got us all
killed
Lisa didn't any gas Oh held honestly
that's what happened yeah Oh No
Clementine I'm sorry all clap that was
your friend
nice going asshole I've won a clam is
fine yeah I did what I had to but I
don't expect Clementine to understand
dad yeah I don't want her to understand
it Oh do the right thing
trust me she'll understand I'm gonna go
start work on the boat I mean Kenny
feels better now now that Kay he's dead
maybe now's a good time for you and me
to have a little talk Oh private sure uh
hello I know you care about Clementine I
do anyone can see that and I know you
want what's best for her but this plan
of yours putting everyone on a boat with
no destination yeah I really think
that's her best chance of finding
somewhere where she can be safe I don't
know because I
so I want to make you an offer oh no no
carnival you can't take Clem I'll take
her off your hands take her back with me
to my people well well supplied Oh No
and now Crawford's fallen we got nothing
left to fear from them Oh she'll be safe
with us safer than she will be if she
stays with you I promise yeah that's
what you want for isn't it to be safe oh
you're coming at me with a lot of your
Vernon
need to think it over yeah of course
take your time but I want you to think
about some things
Oh okay so he wants to take Clementine
off sterling that boy died back in
Crawford oh I'm gonna wonder about the
morality or the kind of man who would do
something like right I got to wonder
what kind of parent you'd be oh don't
say that
that's homey what a mean thing to say to
me I didn't mean deadly Ben died I
thought it was on default going
somewhere yeah I'm about to head out I
just wanted to say thanks for everything
she's not coming after all we've been
through you you're just gonna leave yeah
yeah I figured you don't owe me anything
I got what I wanted and Crawford and I
never did like the water oh I don't know
I'll figure it out when I get there oh
you want me to tell the others tell them
whatever you want I'm not real big on
Dubai's tell Clementine she's going to
be okay you've got a good one there she
reminds me of me Oh
clementines cute oh so yeah okay so this
girl is going all right so that solves
the boat problem we now have enough
people to take on the boat but I still
feel like the boat things not going to
happen
and a Ben what did Kenny mean when he
said you did what you had to oh no
should I lie I have to believe me I
tried to save him but Ben didn't want me
to what do you mean
Oh Ben did was very brave he knew we
were running out of time and that saving
him might put everyone else in danger
trozo he told me to leave him behind so
the rest of us could get away oh that's
difficult to understand I understand she
understands do ya he thought about other
people before he thought about himself
oh my mom always told me that's what
makes a good person oh she was right she
was a good person okay
well we have time to look for my parents
oh I'd like to clear but I don't think
we'll have time we really shouldn't stay
here any longer it's not safe oh oh I
feel bad for Clementine oh I wanted I
know Clementine I'm sorry I didn't want
to lie cuz then she'll get him upset
even more but now she's already upset so
I feel like I've already done the damage
that so it wouldn't have been I should
have lied honestly leave the
walkie-talkie there but what if the
person rings I guess I'm gonna sit here
with
our man must be hard on poor Clem okay
so is that the end of the episode now
cuz we've been through a lot
honestly all right too long now all
right
I mean I know I want so much time on
these Let's Plays but Jesus Christ all
right how long is this video gonna be uh
where's Clementine clever dad oh god
where is everyone
did they leave on time Clementine Oh God
what happened it is this real I thought
this is a dream or something
no it is just actually happening is that
the is that the walkie-talkie Clem oh
god what's this walkie-talkie doing here
Oh God
be careful Lee be careful Oh Oh
we get up
it's the woman oh wait what
didn't did I
where's Ken oh my god babe Oh am I am i
dead you out here Lee oh no what are you
doing out do I show it safe Lee where's
Clementine she's not in a room
Fernan ain't in the house either oh my
god it's how the hell is going on
whose blood is that smart Wow oh no no
no no fucking way that's that dad to
worry about me
Clement arctica where's Clementine gone
she just wandered off on her own
No then who the hell took her I don't
know
last night Vernon came to me and offered
to take her with him said she'd be
better off no no way he just took off
fucker wherever she is I have to find
her
Oh what do you need from us um it may
not have much time we have a better
chance of finding her if we all go
together yeah okay
we're always so we need to say Clem from
this creepy guy he actually took her she
I knew it was a mistake leaving the
right to talking look for Clementine
together thanks guys oh I appreciate it
sure is how it's gonna end what's not
happened to leave I don't think he's
gonna make it
you've always been there for me Lee
always had my back when it mattered what
kind of friend would I be if I wasn't
there for you now Oh button or not I'm
with you to the end you can count on
thanks for that Kenny okay guys we
should go find Vernon see if he took her
that's a tavern wouldn't just take her
it's this guy we're just gonna leave it
unguarded if someone was gonna take it
they'd have done it already
besides what choice do we have yeah no
it's gonna take this boat or we're alone
in this in this demas city oh no silly
got beer I'm sad now does that mean
Lee's gonna die next episode no oh
that's probably what's gonna happen oh
no I don't wanna see that oh we're going
to Vernon in this episode yeah burn is
not gonna have it there is no way oh
okay we're going in there gone
Oh where'd they go shit well where they
go hell are they were they not to be
trusted
it looks like they got out of here in a
hurry Oh God Vernon get out here there
doesn't have to be any trouble here all
I want is the girl give her back and
nobody needs to get hurt he's here Lee
oh yeah leave Vernon doesn't have a
Clementine why would he have Clementine
honestly oh my goodness Oh
okay
I might what's happening as Li thinking
I'm gonna turn into one of them what's
happening oh there are a lot of zombies
outside Clementine are you alright
burning you son of a bitch oh it's not
Vernon who is this it's not one not
solji oh oh oh
I'm say come on but I mean we're gonna
play it you know in the next episode I
killed the boy in the Attic
alright like most people I was rational
honest
like most people I bought Clementine to
Crawford like most people I let Ben fall
to his death not like most people and I
revealed my bite okay and I think that's
pretty much it okay oh who came with you
everyone and a part oh yeah I could have
saved Ben but I didn't say Ben oh I
could have gotten Lauren I could've gone
with Kenny I could have gone without
Kenny maybe if if Kenny didn't like me I
wouldn't have gone without Kenny okay
guys that was me episode before and now
there's Episode five we're gonna find
out what happened to me we're gonna find
out who took Clementine and who even is
this guy is it is we're gonna find
clementines parents we're gonna see if
we can get out here on this boat yeah
we're gonna see what happens to these
guys okay and there's like another
season of this game all right so we're
gonna find out we what even happens
after that
but yeah I'm so excited guys thank you
guys so much for watching this series
with me alright these videos are so long
so if you hate to the end alright I love
you and you're spending so much time out
of your day with me and you know I'm
just so happy that you are okay and I'm
happy that you're enjoying it
alright I'll post the next episode as
soon as I can either way though thank
you guys so much for watching
