hello everyone how is everyone doing is
mr. Sophie today we are gonna be
reacting to Christmas animations
animation apparently was a commercial
for the lottery in Spain for some reason
okay start off Oh eleven o'clock wait
what why is he waking up at 11 o'clock
okay so we've got this old man waking up
by 11 o'clock on the bus Oh tired gets
up the bus oh okay is he uh oh he's
working the late shift at work
ah is he all alone this poor old Oh
security guard I see he's a security
guard okay how is this going to turn
Christmasy
I wonder okay he's all alone
what was he guarding paintings uh oh
what's that oh my god who is that behind
you oh oh oh it's mannequins oh he's
like good old mannequins oh it's a
mannequin shop I mean Factory
oh this put was poor my hands working in
this big arts factory Oh seeing a cute
oil painting just did not what a nice
name or as that goggles okay how is this
going to turn Christmasy
ah score the workers oh he's sad because
he's all alone the only friends he has
it's mannequins he's taking a group
selfie ah
he's trying to be like the other guys oh
this poor guy is all by himself
ah he doesn't mind the company oh oh oh
oh this poor man all by himself
I hope he gets a happy ending you know
get some actual friends not mannequins
oh he sees a kinda 25th Christmas today
now was he up to
okay what are you doing now it's morning
oh oh
the mannequin to give her a cake there's
always like a mannequin through my top
for me alright lottery
Nataly dad okay I think that means
Christmas lottery oh it's all going to
make sense now that's like the old man
okay so they're all putting their name
for the Christmas Laurie
all right let me guess the old man's
gonna win he's changing the poses of the
mannequins ah he's doing all this work
oh this is so cute oh the old man's in
there what's this obsession about moving
these mannequins around Oh Oh is he
gonna make a Christmas tree of
mannequins Oh
oh they all won the lottery because they
all put their names down you know oh so
they won the lottery
ah this poor old man didn't put his name
down oh they all they all won the
lottery oh he's so sad he's like oh I
did all this work not it win the lottery
ah this is sad is that the lottery
ticket the winning lottery how much is
it ten million euros ah he's so sad but
he's happy now he has friends oh we did
put his name down oh they gave him the
money from the lottery I wouldn't give
away my money I don't care if it's
Christmas okay that's a lot of money now
I'm kidding that animation was really
cute that was really well animated too
I'm surprised that you know wasn't like
a proper Pixar animation or something
okay a couple of days ago the BBC which
is like a British TV news network over
here they released the short animation
just for Christmas and it's called the
supporting act and people have been
telling me it is very adorable all right
you've got a little girl doing the
street
oh is this our dad oh she's so cute he's
like okay calm down little girl
Christmas talent show or work schooling
oh oh she's dancing Oh is she as her
talent dancing I guess it is oh look at
that girl she's crazy oh she is great
look at it go oh look how she just
bothering her dad this poor dad has to
put up with this girl's nonsense ah this
is so cute oh he doesn't care too busy
with work
Oh Oh No
but then the dad remembered about the
Christmas talent show oh it's gonna show
up its name oh she's so nervous and the
dad's gonna show up oh oh I forgot the
camera
oh no she's so scared no don't give up
this is what you've been working for now
she's crying no daddy what are you doing
but Dad are you telling what to do okay
okay okay all right
all the dad was watching he remembered
all of our moves
dad remembered all of our dog sweets ah
Christmas together now that was so
adorable now don't you just love how
people just make these really sweet
animations during Christmastime
christmas is a time we spent together
with your family and don't you just love
watching a cute little video like that
to remind you about how important
Christmas is or this next animation is
called lily and the Snowman now Robert
actually suggested me this because this
is an advert for Cineplex which is like
where you go to see movies in North
America we don't have that so I've never
seen that let's watch it now all right
it's Christmas Day it's all snowy Oh
Lily is creating her first snowman Oh
cute it is
this animation is great is he melting oh
he's alive oh this is so adorable
Oh is he making hand puppets he is ah
that's cute
oh it's bringing out her imagination Oh
No Oh
okay that I don't know how that's
possible that horse was clearly gonna
die
she loves it what what story now an
umbrella oh okay how is this snowman
doing this with just his hands but oh
he's telling the stories Oh No he's
melting Oh No
quickly all right put her in the freezer
oh that's adorable gave my teddy bear Oh
is she grown-up I think she's growing up
she is growing up ah every day she's
like seeing him and watching stories
with him oh she's all growing up
Oh Oh the poor no they forgot about the
snow money's been in there for years
she's all grown up now working an office
job
oh no she forgot about a snowman but
then was reminded about the Snowman
grabs the keys go on don't see your
snowman Lily go to your snowman love all
this garbage in the in the garage that
is so adorable make time for what you
love ah Cineplex that I've never seen
that before but that is so adorable now
it's time for our next animation it's
called pigeon versus Robin Christmas all
right it's only a minute long let's
watch it all right
cigarette on the floor make some time
this cold crisp human friends Cheetos
give to the cuter more seasonal perfect
wait what oh I'm not these
disease-ridden flying turds mr. Robin Oh
a great style they got much verdict
getting over the garden from his CD pile
he's not keen to share Oh hogging the
treats you generously prepare the brim
Oh his red-breasted guts but I can
always eat more I'll hand over your nuts
ah okay well that was cute I guess but
this poor pigeon didn't get any nuts
Christmas is all okay Christmas is all
about sharing okay and the stupid Robin
didn't share any of his nuts
kind of pointless I kind of wish I watch
that before cuz that's kind of sad
well this next animation is called the
girl and the cloud okay let's see what
it is all right the girl and the cloud
how adorable wait is this an animation
or oh okay it's tied animated alright so
smus well Anna's dad gave her the
perfect surprise what a clout her very
own snow class no cloud oh oh she's
putting to show-and-tell
I think how cool she is yeah she seems
like the coolest person in the class
okay when this guy gets loud from all
right I push you on the swing Anna and
her little cloud went everywhere oh and
soon became the best of friends
that's the friends with a cloud but then
the cloud died that's what happened
that's was Glavine hurts but as summer
arrived on the weather grew warmer
although the clouds started to act
strangely no we're gonna die plowing and
I realized that her cloud was sad sad
cloud no ohh tried made the little cloud
feel better oh but why is he sad and I
began to search for a way to make a
friend happy how can you pick a cloud
happy I know I did
I've know it was gonna turn alright how
does the cloud become happy Oh take him
to the snowy Alps maybe Christmas
Christmas came around again
oh and when dad asked her what she'd
like this year yeah she wanted
and I knew the answer right away what
would we short for the cloud to be happy
but how what oh they're going on a trip
to do some snowy outs maybe the North
Pole I have no idea but they're going
somewhere snowy I bet Oh is she gonna
leave the cloud there they're taking a
ship Jesus where are they going
somewhere snowy somewhere snowy ah and
up they drove until they could drive no
further and then and that she released
the cloud ah this has got it long last
the time came to say goodbye
Oh goodbye cloud I love you thank you
for spending a year with me
they're clouds joining the other class
others you she'd miss her friend no I
didn't stop her feeling happy ah
sometimes the perfect surprise isn't the
one you get it isn't it's the one you
give oh that's true it's a three
commercial okay
why is a mobile network promoting a
clouds and stuff okay that was a bit of
a weird one I don't know why someone
would be friends with a cloud I don't
know how they even got a cloud to be
friends with in the first place you know
what don't ask questions guys it's
Christmas Day all right justjust stop
talking and enjoy the story okay now
this next animation I believe was the
commercial as well okay it's called the
greatest gift and I believe it was made
by sayings burries which is a food
supermarket chain in England I'm not
sure if you got it in your own country
probably not but let's see what
Sainsbury's are gonna do this Christmas
all right we first start off in a normal
British house okay alarm again is it a
musical I think it's a musical now he's
in the bus he's riding a Christmas list
presents for family
the trains delayed it works like three
places
that's a reliable lesson
oh I don't have time there's only one of
me so much more
I spend with my family friends
Jemmy
my family my family
me ah Christmas is for sharing by
Sainsbury's ah that was cute
okay I couldn't really talk throughout
that because you know it was a musical
but that was queuing adorable I really
like that because it's true Christmas is
all about family okay you don't need
fancy presents all you need to do is
just hang out with the family you know
now it's time for our very last
animation it's called nutty Christmas
all right now it was made by the
Ringling College of Art and Design okay
again amazing animations have come from
this place alright so I'm on expecting
really good things from the nutty
Christmas all right
Ringling College of Art and Design
presents a nutty Christmas we first
start off with a bunch of walnuts or
even the walnuts or celebrate Christmas
Merry Christmas it is one that is ah oh
oh there's only one known walnut who's
happy to celebrate Christmas oh oh oh
what's happening this is trying to like
a horror oh my god they're all die oh no
oh no it was just horror animation
oh no it's oh oh what is that oh no it's
a it's up its up Nutcracker
oh no the nutcrackers got it for you
oh no oh no don't let the poor walnuts
oh just does the Christmas decorations
oh no oh oh he's angry he's angry height
oh no the warden the nutcrackers gonna
get this one nut this is so scary and
sad Oh Oh careful uh-oh he's gonna find
him he's gonna find him oh oh oh oh he's
gonna push it push it push it oh no did
he kill don't die no oh no what what's
gonna you what's gonna do is you're
gonna he's gonna put Santa Ana what's
his plan I have no idea what's he gonna
do
oh no you better hurry up he's woken up
you better hurry up oh oh oh no now he
is mad Oh what you doing
okay just took off his head now he's
happy
high five oh yeah if they're all happy
now cuz you killed the Nutcracker and
now they're all celebrating Christmas
again okay
the end ah okay that was cute really
weird that a bunch of walnuts are
attacking a nutcracker do you know what
it's an interesting idea I like it okay
guys I'm gonna end the video here now if
you guys want me to make a part two all
right as soon as you reach 15,000 likes
I will do that all right I'm gonna make
a bunch of Christmas videos on there
leading up to Christmas I hope you guys
enjoyed and I'll see you in the next
video man so the guys love you bah bah
