mañana hello everyone how is everyone
doing in semester selfie
today we are playing infiltrating the
airship now this is the next game that
comes off do escaping the prison okay
and I think there's one more game after
this all right if this video reaches
10,000 likes I'll make a video on that I
wake up with my faithful squishy to
where we're finally decided we go
looking quite elusive we've been having
some issues with a group of thieves
known as a bear clan topic that you'll
be going into the airship to bring down
oh I don't need to remind you that we've
got you on several charges halting
robbery Oh break yourself out of prison
oh you can even still in Tunisian Durman
I could do that to this job raid
innumerable charges against they'll drop
all charges
finally in bringing down so I got to
eliminate the top hat gang and if I do
I'll be a free man let's first start
with sticky hand Oh eonni I just got
what do I do now a ball and chain or a
zero point energy a ball and chain oh oh
I say oh did you hear something over
there nah man nothing Oh God okay I'm
gonna die I'm gonna die I'm gonna I left
I did it first okay I did it I got the
same
which has a teddy bear in it yeah I
don't get that we were meant to kill
this clan not bloody still a safe okay
what about zero-point energy
whoo point okay so sticky hand is out of
the question let's use hyperbole have
been I mean looking at the numbers here
what do you think don't wanna laser a
chair or a thruster how about a laser
okay
thrust ball catch a break in this stupid
game oh whoa oh you inject spikes or die
okay Oh spice oh oh
I still bloody died ever know I'm a
spiky could lick pussy pussy pussy
I still bloody died even though I got a
boost okay I guess that's what are you
doing we could keep running quickly oh
no the doors are closed they did who do
it what do we do just walk straight into
the wall even bloody work okay when I
walk - oh I walked to him but got a
heart attack okay so I guess it's beans
Howard's beans gonna save me I bloody
fought my way out of that shit oh the
guys over there quickly get him his key
car start working do something metalbend
rocket jump or techno trousers from
Wallace and Gromit caps no trousers baby
let's go Oh Oh it grabs a moose how
could this go wrong
I walk too much and then I found metal
bed oh my gosh oh I bend the whole ship
and it crashed so I guess it's rocket
jump rocket John oh yeah that would work
now ya know I've got ya oh no what do I
do a ducky duck or a yo-yo I guess a
bloody duck I love this yeah
oh no he's using Bolton's
oh and I died oh I did what's a joto
whoa oh it's unearthed bound reference
did I do it I did it
hey what did you expect hitting him with
a yo-yo would do that's really mean okay
now what a glider jet boots or beefed up
what's bloody beefy Oh take some pills
and Oh too strong and I explode jet
boots they sound cool fly fly
how hard is it to use bloody jet boots
so I'm guessing it's a glider
surely this Conrad he's running quickly
chase the skies with the fight oh no I
got it I've got it
oh please I'll bring the hatch and
keeping him hostage give them to you and
you'll get me free okay look at this
I can either go for the left option and
become a free man or join the top-hat
gang and pick this one all right let's
do parachute first and become a free man
all right jump out the plane oh no
please work please work please work
I bet missile won't work oh sure miss
all have to play Oh God that smaller
helicopter destroyed the whole thing
tanky Oh shove the military oh I just
drove over time where'd that tank come
from don't ask questions okay
now that would kill you
no I'm alive land the helicopter alright
give up the man and that's hit over 300
we free this document is to certify that
Henry stickmin has been pardoned of all
crimes by 2030 oh yeah I'm a free man
baby oh yeah the relentless bounty
hunter okay so that was one of the
endings alright so I guess it's dummies
ain't no dummy
oh I'm shoving dummies so they think
it's us that's so small all right I'm
sure Henry had a plan yeah I had a plan
they're dummies look I'm in board
meetings and I'm part of the top hat
gang I then went on to rob a bank you
know where I belong okay I am a criminal
at heart okay and I should be full I
should okay just let's just continue
okay so we've got sticky hand and we've
done cannon let's do a piece I jumped on
okay that's c4 knock on the door acid or
vacuum let's use a c4 all this angle
ammo oh wow okay let's just simply knock
on the door knock knock anyone there
Oh oh shoot oh will bloody acid work oh
my goodness there we go for something
criminais ting can you prove that
they're criminals okay okay so we have
to find some evidence to prove that
they're criminals because remember
they're criminals but we don't have any
proof so maybe if I can disguise myself
so if we go up to three cannibal thank
you there o-o what do you think you're
doing busted Smith right Smith yeah sure
do a mate what why it's just going into
labor my wife thank I skateboard behind
you he'll take you right to the hospital
uh okay
I just left pretending that I was this
guy what the shits a transdimensional
Iser these are alternate dimensions with
the flick of a switch
okay and flick a switch I know oh I went
to the first dimension blue was the
answer I'm gonna do put I put glue on my
hands and I'm gonna scale the walls okay
all right and I landed
oh yeah see that record sign okay yeah
Charles since you want to help all right
here I can hear you controls thought he
was gonna very crash in the bloody let's
try a gravity bubble just Oh up or down
no no no is it simply a platform okay
just pull the plug this thing in here
for you yeah is it a robohelp yeah robot
help on Oh with tails put me on the
other side okay thank you tails or no
tails died okay there's a guy here what
do we do now bone melt mind-control
Gatling gun or remote access let's try
taking control of his mind
oh oh oh no I broke the keycard how
about I just shoot him with a Gatling
gun how could that go wrong all right oh
no not you can you remotely access and
open the door all right
hacked into their security system okay
should be able to open the door from
here all right
no I guess bone melted is i melted all
his bones I'll take that key cocky thing
nobody knows about this here we'd be in
a letter Trevor oh he's got the fires
which I could use to bloody put these
guys in prison all right ninja star are
you kidding me it's a spy don't spook
hello mr. Spade
it looks like you can get around if you
go through that air duct
oh the adults okay oh no we're all going
to do let's make an animal noise okay I
don't understand what that means I don't
need to help okay I can do this by
myself
okay
just show off the power okay down the
power now all right there you go
oh no not the power of the holster how
about you reroute the power and oh oh I
need to get to the chopper we got the
evidence we have to go you have to leave
right now
oh no look at all this bloody shit all
right let's try sleeping gas to make
them all sleepy oh okay it's not really
working in a horn on a bomb mañana oh
it's like worms
Oh God our ships dead Oh God yeah Oh
didn't see where I was going course gone
there's a button on your earpiece Oh
press it press the pause of the hippies
it's gone hell yeah Oh what's going
what's going O
glad I owe I lived this could be a
problem this could be a problem that's
right I've got evidence now did I make
our life I did I government support own
private investigator oh okay so I won
because I'm getting protection oh look
the guys when in jail because of my
evidence okay why am i singing it wait
what was going on okay we've done
Hannibal
we've done sticky hand and we've done
earpiece the only thing left is a
grapple gun all right so let's go baby
this game has so many endings okay let's
use a bomb cuz that's gonna work just
put a bomb right in front of the door
there you go no way to run how about
expanding forum how's that I was
expanding fun I'm gonna help me check
the bottle put in the door I think it
said do not shake well what the shit is
a joy buzzer oh it's the buzzer would
you just get to shake someone's hand
there electrocution I put it in the
thing and shit the whole shit went down
for that every single time it's the last
thing I pick so I just went I just wait
okay I thought we're on the time
pressure
someone came out and that's nothing it
wasn't you that easy Jesus Christ do I
go in the vent do I go in the elevator
or do I go on the computer I don't think
the computers gonna help but let's try
it
Oh God okay research not secret false
top hat secrets yes that's what we need
no don't play safe five don't play save
five you'll be there oh that's going by
the way Oh barbarians talking oh okay
the elevator the elevator took me under
the ship that was great oh yes climb
into the vent baby oh I died oh you know
I love stealing those things Oh are we
gonna go to this Valley fault
oh yeah baby oh yeah I know a teleport
is not gonna bloody work oh no I'm
teleporting somewhere else I am NOT
teleporting there where those should be
am I
the hells are stretchy chewy oh I put
one out now what
oh I'm come a stretchy oh no a magic
pencil like bloody spongebob magic
pencil I got a draw what I won what am i
drawing what is that oh no that looping
is the way to do it leave oh my god I
did it here we go
always a guy in jail alright let's try a
power glove okay let's just hack the
bloody thing take off them anything hack
the shit Oh apparently I can use oh no
wrong spell great what the shit is a
paper riser a paper I saw Oh No it's
heavy into a budget stick man well am I
gonna go under the door I am okay that's
quite smaller like that Oh steals a
bloody diamond Oh God how do I gonna
steal it a gravity gun like bloody
half-life II nobody gun
oh no the wrong bonds a slow pack yes Oh
a string can grow Oh am I gonna shrink
it so it fits in my pocket ah the alarms
are against it I'm go rob
oh no they're finding out I'm ditching
them and I just trying to find still the
Ruby okay so much is going on there's
reinforcements plan let's use a green
shell propane tank we're gonna bloody
fly away see I bet an umbrella will
actually do it because the stupid option
here umbrella Oh flying away and then I
flew away to safety
bye bye oh so it was power arm okay
some fallout 3 kind of shit or fallout 4
okay
anyway oh I went in the bloody thing I
crashed the plane what threw it away
yeah I'm invincible
whoa and I have the Ruby oh no we've
gotta get out of here you gotta get a
front doorstep we're gonna build the
deal at this man oh no don't evacuate
everyone oh whoa he has CDs let's pick
this one whoa
is it cutting out the area whoa
and it's that it's rocketing away oh I'm
in space and I can't breathe in space
what's a de be reading disk power up doc
and if she blows up Oh Oh a dog head you
blocked me to run it's killing everyone
I'm gonna get this hello anyway what's
this one there's another name let's
click on it loading gaben here we go
gaben let's see what you got let's see
what you've got
whoa
okay the file got corrupt
okay so that's why didn't work okay the
last one to pick is the prototype always
bloody guys who are all mechanical and
shit Oh No are they gonna kill me all
they destroyed the helicopter are they
gonna destroy the top back on - oh they
did they killed a wall we've got a
retreat the topic plan will be history
yeah Retreat bitches Oh
he plays putting down why don't you take
a picture and I'm just gonna run away in
his in his armor oh no they're still
here oh just Ken orders what they're
gonna do let him go let him wait what oh
you've got what you came for yeah cuz
they just wanted to catch the top hat
gang not me so I got away and I've got a
big-ass Ruby to spend on ching-ching
balla balla okay guys that was
infiltrating the airship I believe there
is one more game after this and I think
it's called fleeing the complex alright
so if we reach 10,000 likes I will make
a video on that I might as well it's the
end of the stick man series either way
though I hope you guys did enjoy I
really like playing these games you know
it's an easy video for me and you guys
seem to like it too
thank you guys for watching and I'll see
you in the next video Bob banana
