so uh oh my god oh hello everyone how is
everyone doing as much as L fit today we
are doing the ending of hidden agenda
now if you guys haven't seen the series
you need to okay it's about a serial
killer who puts bombs on their victims
okay and this whole game is based around
trying to find out who the killer is and
I think today we're gonna find out who
the killer is okay where we left off
someone was planting a bomb in someone
okay now we know the hooker prostitute
is in on it okay so that's probably her
all right
planting a bombs do you see that she was
like sowing a bomb and now part three of
hidden agenda ha three baby is the
ending oh my goodness who do you guys
thinks the murderer I have no idea
I mean Finn could still be the murderer
but I don't know I don't trust that
forensics guy okay I don't think that
he's the murderer but he s is hiding
something okay bar and grill all right
so we're discussing Becky's discussing
this stuff with felicity okay and that
video in the hoodie same guy I chased
earlier yeah you sure pretty sure all
right so that's hooker she's working
with the trapper yeah yeah why is she he
lures them and kills them and he sets up
the trap because she went to the
orphanage to stock on where did the
hooker go
yeah into the bathroom and the hoodie
guy comes out I did some digging on
Simon Hillary what do you mean I kind of
took a peek at his personnel file don't
go why then I vote his high school
yearbook online
Becky are you sure that's a good idea
right now defiant gotta break a few eggs
it was worth it well maybe it wasn't the
safest move but whatever it was worth it
what'd you find oh I found Simon Hillary
yeah so that's that
Simon Hillary wait are you saying our
Simon is not the necessity but how the
timeline fits
they'd be about the same
age uh-huh and look you can see
resemblance yeah there is
Adams supposedly died in the fire then
pretty soon after Simon Hillary starts
his training following me since the
briefing so I'm in or Adam I guess yeah
he knew I'd be looking into old cases on
ball with enough digging they lead me
right to him damn it
so after sorting officiant for a warrant
ah we can get this guy he's stolen some
someone's identity uh we can get this
guy I know but I can get this guy yeah
we can get this guy yeah with your help
with your help it's not get ahead of
ourselves let's just lay it all out
first okay
oh this Thanks
yeah okay I'm for five years ago he had
one big blind spot prostitutes
everything the orderly arranged a
meeting with a girl an escort the night
he was killed
Oh mother Oh Minsky had a thing for
hookers no Calvary is killed by a hooker
yeah at least someone dressed like what
they're all his Simon maybe he's using a
hooker to lure his targets into a
premeditated murder site yeah
maybe there's just maybe there's
something we're missing
no that seems about right I don't even
know what to think he's using the hooker
to bake a want to kill don't worry
detective you're safe with me
you're safe with me uh no one's safe
come on has ever seen no one's ever see
Simon's working with Daniella Cardenas
she could have been the hooker with
Calvary well I guess it's possible and
they're trying to track her down so
maybe we'll be up to ask her
Oh Simon knew Jonathan Finn's started
talking and then he killed Calvary
because he knew everyone would
immediately suspect me throw them all
right oh Christ he's been right in front
of her face this whole time whoa what
Felicity what well a search warrant for
Simon's house is out of the question it
was another way like what he
you so you could call him up for a drink
and while he's out caring you've got
eyes on him seriously you want to break
into his house well Felicity that's
illegal but we know for sure excited or
I don't know guys what do you think
there has to be another way I don't know
I'm gonna say shit let's do this to it
alright come on now we got to do it
alright I'm pretty sure like those were
like two different endings I had to
choose from
alright I hope we get the good ending
Temple Bar ten minutes
although it's very perfect I'll be here
it's on a hook
go fish go fishy shitty are now okay
what would you think is the good mmm oh
no I found out I'm jonesing where are
you I'm outside his house I told you I'd
find him whoa I'm outside his house
right but we already know who either mr.
Frances in town yeah have you talked to
him I followed him home he didn't see me
jeez every woman left his place a little
while ago now he's just in there by
himself the woman the hook got the
address 1712 Alameda Road of course it
is
yes it is I'm on my way don't because
that's his hat that's that's the guy's
house the forensics guy so so I think
that was basically saying if I could
have found out who the murderer was by
myself I didn't have to let that guy out
of jail so yeah I probably shouldn't
have let him out of jail because I would
have figured out who the murderer was
anyway so oh my god oh my god
the Hakka bloody killed me that was so
hard to do that was so hard they gave me
like a small little window to put my
thumb on that's so unfair Oh Felicity
graves Hilary residence oh okay listy
graves all right so she snuck in into
his house all right because she's trying
to find some evidence of the bloody guy
being the bloody murderer all right
without evidence we can't arrest this
dude be careful felicity be careful the
murder what could be anywhere are always
still in the house flee or investigate
us investigate we can't flee we haven't
got any evidence yet
just stay calm oh oh there's someone
upstairs guys be careful the house
talking right now oh oh it's a TV god
damn again you got me a great one whoo
okay all right we take stay calm and
stay focused all right how are we gonna
find some evidence that this guy's the
killer careful oh what's that is that
the basement go in the basement go in
the basement go in the basement I bet
that's where it is that's where all the
evidence is oh it's unlocked Oh scary
wait what is that is our wall the door
leads to a wall yeah yeah that's not
right that's a fake wall that's gotta be
a fake wall what door leads to a wall Oh
it is a fake war whoa she just slid down
a boom
what if Adam Jones is is in the basement
what is that that was just Thunder just
stay calm oh my god we're going
downstairs guys it didn't even give me
the option to run away all right we got
to be in and out in and out
easy oh my goodness
is someone in here no all no more clues
okay okay stay calm stay calm stay calm
okay
we've got the camera check we've got the
pictures on the wall check and we've got
the uniforms also check yes let's go
boys and girls okay I'm thinking about
you ladies - heft
kisses ball right but we found
photographs of Becky on the wall
aha wait Becky the killer unmasked
we've got police uniforms we've got a
trap a rat trap the forensics guys the
killer whoa new recording from Becky's
phone what is this is this evidence okay
I think we've got a have we got the
evidence on a knoll you need to find
some evidence Felicity I swear to God
last palmer's oh my god I'm outside his
house I told you I'd find him whoa Oh No
so Finn's a suck
it was a recording oh no he's guys come
back oh no what do I do - I do I am I
gonna what am I gonna get out of here
Oh cookies Oh cookies indeed not the
good kind of cookies run just run just
run just run just run run run run wait
should I have Hayden I don't know guys I
got scared
just run
0:01 made out oh it worked oh okay
I was I was thinking like here I'll get
caught oh I think I left just at the
right time guys I I think I think so
anyway Daniel Carr Dez she thinks she's
the hooker behind it all
I don't know good to see you again
Daniella good to see good to see you
Daniel okay but the thing is the girls
and the rest that girl killed me and the
car wasn't hard in a bit of trouble suck
my nuts hello
Vince come clean we know you want a real
hostage back in 2012 yeah Daniella
you've made some mistakes but you're as
much of a victim
come on your sister yes sorry about what
you both went through Plagueis often
failed you
yeah the major angry were angry yeah I
wanted to make them pay hey is that what
Adam Jones said he would do yeah huh I
don't know what you're talking about
shut up you filthy liar and it makes you
a co-conspirator yeah doesn't look good
for you but if you help us we can help
you yes sir he's the one who set it up
he told me what he did to the fuckers
who hurt me anything but I happened no
clue where he is now
you live and seen him at all since the
arrest ha I saw him once he didn't
recognise me
he looks all different but I recognized
him whoa myself from his creep ass I
ain't even all cleaned up he had creepy
ah sighs how I don't know he's like a
cop doctor or something
ah shit detective Nelson I need to speak
we're right in the middle of this now
there's been an abduction
oh no judge Vance don't judge the
judgement of sons is picking Marty who
took her that came up
I took the judge no no no no no
apparently the judge has been kidnapped
and I didn't who ratted me out wait I
didn't do it because I got I got you
know drugged
so that prostitute wasn't the prostitute
it was a different girl but who was the
do was the girl oh I'm really confused
now guys this game has multiple endings
but I have no idea I think we messed up
somehow how though do you think they
lose the QuickTime events oh okay so I
woke up in the middle of a bed oh no I
hear a bomb I hear a bomb I hear a bomb
I hear a bomb I think I've been framed
guys they've put me next to the bomb guy
just like all those police officers that
got killed
no oh oh my God he's gonna burn inside
of him oh my god Oh what does she do I
don't know she put inside me god damn it
I don't know um um confused or Jewish
she she who she was a a woman goddamn
whore
what is she done I don't know oh no he's
put a bomb in our belly
fun cool oh oh hello
oh my god oh my god oh my god no way
sometimes oh my god is gonna kill
everyone the brief course oh my god oh
my word
stop stop it honking applause all nice
gargles what do I do if they think he's
saying kill this guy otherwise you're
gonna die and everyone else is gonna die
but then if I kill him then what did he
say
oh no you're gonna get me out if I kill
him I'll go to jail
oh my god who what do i do do I flee or
do I stay I'm gonna stay are gonna stay
are gonna stay today
I don't know could you get me out of
this please it's right a bit okay I
might kill you in the process but I'll
get you out of it oh god oh god oh god
oh god time is going okay oh no don't
shoot him
are you gonna shoot it no no no you
can't just piss off no please give me
another option please please please
please give me an option oh no I'm gonna
die here no you can't be play this game
thank you
Oh No
I need you to stay calm okay yes stay
calm stay calm stay very very calm you
can understand why
just stay calm stay calm what's
happening okay as long as the mahom is
the slut the more time I'll have give me
time to think the timer oh my god please
please please just stay stay calm stay
right okay just take off that's good
we're coming in if the timer reaches
zero then we're both dead oh my god how
much time
not a lot of time sympathetic how much
time I stay calm just stay calm
just stay calm but the calmer calmer you
are more time we'll have to figure this
out yeah okay just stay calm oh my god
it's 30 seconds now I think that if you
take this phone out of me you can't hurt
me right
oh my god you gotta get it out of me
doing something operate operate oh my
good okay I messed up we're gonna quit
the game see if I I can do it
differently okay guys I am back I had to
play through the whole game again just
for this pot okay so apparently when he
asked you how much time you're meant to
say there's plenty of time
reassure him to calm him down okay okay
so let's just keep it that way let's
keep it that way yeah let's just stay
calm he can figure this out yeah so if
you take this phone how'd it be you
can't hurt me right uh you gotta get it
out of me okay listen we're good I love
you okay so and now apparently when I
operate because I said that to him he's
I've now have a minute to do it okay
so a minute is a long time let's do it
I'm sorry that actually worked
oh my god oh my god you're something do
something yeah oh yes I did
I actually I actually disarmed the bomb
oh my god did he die did it die
no don't tell me he died I did all that
for nothing I could the shoe shop him in
the face
Oh God okay police are on their way okay
because they think I kidnapped the judge
and I'm the killer
so I need to get the hell out of it go
dude all you're doing it to really get
the High Line good fight with Nelson
we're calling Tom Jesus Oh God Tom did
you kidnap judge Vance doe
yeah said you were hiding out at the
Elliot hotel we were outside right now
Oh Oh No I'm at the hotel but you gotta
help me I'm not the killer
believe me you got to believe me Tom
damn it you're my partner two minutes Oh
Vince what's coming in two minutes go
that's good okay that's all I need god
damn me I okay thank you drama Tom
believes me okay we the go Ronna you've
fucking done it now you got it thank you
Jesus
so Tom let me go so because I've got a
good relationship with bottom with Tom
so he let me go man there's too many
choice in this game I do not like this
okay
this is very complex okay so I'm still
at the hotel how am I gonna get out how
am I gonna dodge the police eat the SWAT
team are coming oh oh the SWAT team are
coming one bengi one Becky Oh Bert fuck
Holly you're kind of close there time oh
okay all right so cool so he gave me two
minutes all right let's go baby
oh shit and get the hell out of it okay
we need to go to Adam Jones's house
which i think is the bloody forensics
guy I forgot his bloody names stupid-ass
name I have arrived and is it is it is
it detectives is it the detectives house
am I going to be meeting fin yeah the
the prisoner he's here
trays inside Adams by his side ah let's
go get him we got to do this now no no
I'm going alone going along yep I saw
what he's capable
I said get out of here yep piss off fit
well shit
careful guys careful yes this is house
almost on us look he's trying to find
his house down and burn the evidence
careful Becky careful he's not coming he
thinks I'm still at the hotel freeze
Jomo don't move don't don't move move
you piece of shit I've got ya
you got me yeah I thought you you bitch
no huh oh no what do i do oh you got
what you wanted you piece of Jim you've
gotten what you want haven't you you
don't know what I want you want revenge
on the people who hurt you yeah and
Johnny he was never supposed to go down
for this yeah
Finn went down for unif just come in
yeah come fast and it will all be over
the knife you piece of shit
you've got what you wanted yeah
detective Marnie what we wanted was a
future a future we never had one oh and
thanks to you oh we never will
what's uh supposed to mean uh wait to
shoot move your pointer on to the target
shoot think before you shoot oh you do
not have to open fire I don't want to
shoot it um Oh No Oh God oh no no no I
don't show no no no no no I need to
conserve I need to capture I'm not
shooting in oh my goose is by the house
already this planes come from Oh No
first comes it wait wait wait don't
shoot that crazy bitch is trying to kill
me
Simon on your knees now please come on
Toby rest her she's crazy I'm not crazy
you are on the floor on the floor now
now yes tom he's my brother
come on oh oh shit don't know Michael is
you dumb shit Tom now you dumb shit oh I
gotta shoot him now right
I gotta shit am I gonna shoot him
oh thank god we used against you in a
court of law
oh he's alive yes he's had it
whoa it's the end of the game shit guys
I think I got a good ending but we still
don't know who the earlier today Judge
William Vanstone was kidnapped from his
home on the east side of the city
he has since been rescued and is back
with his family covering the judge is
allowed to escape to the scene and then
proceeded to invade the home of Simon
Hilary yes a forensics medical examiner
with the local police Hilary detective
Becky Marnie has been investigating
Hilary in connection to the murder of
detective Jack Calvary yeah Simon Hilary
a forensics medical examiner with the
local police department yeah has been
arrested
Oh files we've obtained from an
anonymous leak within the police force
detective Marnie was implicated in the
notorious 2012 trapper killing
previously attributed to Jonathan faith
Gordon gone he's heard an unconfirmed
report that detective Becky Marnie may
have aided in the escape of convicted
serial killer John Oh No and Finn has
been taken into custody and is
reportedly cooperating with the
investigation I found out that baby may
have played a key role in identifying
Hilary as a found island investigation
is on they're gonna put me in jail
Thanks made a brief statement to the
press only moment no no will they punish
me for letting no I found the killer
but I still let a criminal loose you
know so I'm not sure I think we got a
sort of good ending but not the best
ending man I've all of us on the force
are very grateful to Detective Marnie
okay thanks to her tireless efforts the
trapper has finally been brought to
justice
yes we found the Kayla never suspected
Sam and Hilary yeah he fooled us all
fooled us all well
not all not all of us Hardin and me
that's right baby I found the killer I
knew I would well the judge becky morini
saved my life
I did she should get a goddamn medal as
far as I'm concerned Wow
thank you judge I did save his life I
could have ran away and shot him and I
already told you everything I know
why don't you leave me alone I don't
want any of this to happen none of it's
gonna bring my sister back
we got the wrong do you understand we
won't got the wrong hooker guys that's
not the no she's a tough nut to crack
and yes she's got a lot of baggage but
baggage I should have trusted her yeah
she was right I was right you stupid
what about the charges against her oh I
do have charges against me the charges I
think they're bullshit yeah they all
bullshitting else you want to add about
Adam Jones I only regret is that I
didn't nail that son of a bitch five
years yeah nail that guy five years ago
mr. Jones
why yeah why did you do it
oh god it's not saying anything okay
is that it that's the end oh shit guys
I see thing is I got I got the murder I
found out who the murderer was but I did
that by letting go of Finn so I think I
got like a good ending but I still got
in trouble so not the perfect ending
okay guys that was hidden agenda I hope
you guys enjoyed now there are multiple
endings and multiple choices to this
game now if you guys want me to show all
the endings and all the choices I'm
gonna have to ask for something crazy
like 20,000 likes because that video is
going to take me like so long to do
because I have to play the game like 10
times to do it but I will do it if you
guys want to see it 20,000 likes I'll do
it I hope you guys enjoyed I enjoyed
this game so much it was such a cool
game I love the people who made until
dawn and this game was really really
good it was really short but I still
really liked it either way they'll think
I starts watching and I'll see you in
the next video man so the guys love you
Baba
