I bet you 50 million pounds that you
will bloody crying today we are gonna be
reacting to some very sad short films
again and if you don't cry you have no
soul
or the first video watching is the most
shocking second a day video ever made
that's me okay she's in the ice cream
lipstick codling teddy okay so it looks
like it's a it's every day of our life
it's just an average day the kid
government declares martial law Oh what
is that oh no is it a war she's we're
down in the basement it's broken
oh no look
is this some zombie apocalypse what's
going on what's happening why is she
homeless now whoa what would the
military national duck
doctors whoa it's a birthday again
hey poor girl what is this just because
it isn't happening here doesn't mean it
isn't happening oh my gosh save serious
children wow I had no idea was safe the
children for Syria Jesus Christ what a
message man we forget about the shit
that happens and elsewhere in the world
okay we should feel lucky and blessed to
be where we're where we are right now
the next video it's just called every
child should watch this so child you
better be watching this okay we first
start off with the sleeping baby like a
mother of god what have I done
Missy don't be silly unless you oh it's
okay kid my dad don't love me done it's
okay it's okay all right
your dad does love you you stupid kid
now go to bed sleep tight don't let
Betty bugs bite okay now why is this so
hard what is he doing every day what's
he doing to say that of course I care
about your future of course I guess I
know we have no choice but to put him in
a neighborhood preschool but he's doing
so poorly in math is failing should be
happy at this age yeah but just worrying
about great yeah happy happy impossible
I'm greedy you want my child to be happy
like I don't have this conversation with
you
go away I'm out of it why doesn't my dad
just love me for who I am okay I'm sorry
I got bad grades at school dad also love
a Dodge no wonder why his kids like
don't love me and the mums gonna be like
it's okay little boy your dad must love
you ah sad sad mom if the child couldn't
make it up from you made him a origami
figure it's play with its paper ever
plates nobody can say for sure what is
the best way to bring up a child yeah
let's be honest we don't know what we're
doing once I don't know okay but I know
I want Joseph to have a fulfilling
childhood yeah it's all about the child
a happy mom and child oh happy is now
okay biggest dad don't love him Oh a
hamster Oh Oh a hamster okay what's the
message of this story and it's not even
that sad it really you know I just got
Korean another tutor so on top of a
daily lesson shows drama class because
we need to be super super ready for
primary school are you doing the same
for Jo stupid mom listen to me you
stupid mom I don't give a shit about
your child no I just want just to enjoy
his child with a bit more yeah but
aren't you afraid that Joseph my fall
behind in primary school no sometimes I
wonder why we stress out sure and so on
yeah just let them live their lives
that's so true okay she's like oh sorry
don't even know it's multiplication
table sofa I know why you gonna see
again but if you're don't study you end
up flipping the rows of alcoholic in
rubbish you know but what's wrong we bad
a few I'm alone for what I want for
Joseph let it be happy for my family
things I'm wrong even my family things
among modern times you need to let a
child be a child confidence in my
decision oh what a nice thing to say
I'm pushing the stupid 90 why don't you
feel
shit their view I want to use this thing
now you stupid kid I'll put you I think
any time if I cannot find you you can
have this thing okay okay yeah go hide
Oh
being able to handle himself like that
wants to be good
I'm more sure these chocolates are than
knowing how to spell wait a second this
is Space Wing right there why don't the
kid just get on that swing you I see a
few I'm alone in my decision
Oh sometimes sometimes did I make the
right choice as a parent I don't know I
believe I did
ah that's so nice
join the conversations equal head star
well there you go you know now that I
think about it you know my parents put
too much pressure on me as a child so
for all you guys who aren't parents yet
you know you know go easy on a child you
know let them have fun be a child you're
only a child once okay that's a good
video I like that one all right
what there what girl what girl school oh
it's football there they won the game
very last minute oh no am I the worst
mom ever my child just fell on the floor
what is this okay am I the worst mom
ever
how is Emma doing it's very determined
Oh determinate good but his basics
aren't that good oh he hardly had the
ball let's see for some more days he
could Rani head with the ball and she's
like goddammit I'm the worst mom ever I
didn't teach my kid how to hit the ball
okay it's gonna be the side pop I need
my quick of course I talked to your cost
all day he said you've been working
we're hard oh my god before this you
couldn't head the pool at all but now
you can do it sometime and the kids like
thanks mom
try a little harder just a slight touch
should be enough yeah ah mmm the kid
bloody killed himself because he
couldn't head the ball oh no it's fine
it's not that sad truth is he gonna
practice now oh so she I'll cause it's a
bloody head abortion coming up I'm
idling in my life telling him he's good
at football well this is so why it's sad
Ron or whatever name is one foster kid
okay as a matter oh how sad
does it hurt what does what hurt I
couldn't catch up with the ideas mum oh
he's not fast enough well cuz your laces
were untied you dumb shit no wonder I
fell over because as late as Ron tied
it's okay you'll get them next time
calvings anchor try to outrun just the
person in front of you feel that should
be enough
ah you're making him feel confident I
look he started living faster why am i
holding him by a bad mother now he's
pushing cats always practicing ah this
kid is going through a montage is that
let me guess this kid turned into Messi
or Ronaldo or something like that
oh so bad you're going to kick the
guards Oh
come on dude you can do it it's the
final game he's gonna score the winning
goal I know it the underdog is at
disadvantage come on kid you get back up
get back up your teammate so it needs
you you need to scoot it okay how fast
montage whoa because in the pool yeah
yeah he's so happy and the moms crying
turns out I was not a bad mother all
along the moms just gonna walk in the
middle of the pitch okay mom we were in
the middle of a game okay can you not ah
a big hug okay that was sweet I might
not be the best mum because I don't want
my kid to be always number one no what I
just want him to win over himself every
day ah how sweet
ah the great victory is the victory over
yourself there you go guys
just believe in yourself this kids
drinking chocolate milk I had no idea I
thought it'd just be a nice you know
message video but bloody Nestle
chocolate bloody made this shit okay I
don't have enough money to pay Oh No
why not Oh based on a true story that's
how you know it's gonna be sad oh no
she's pregnant the time my husband lost
his job
oh no he's barely had enough to make
ends meet she's pregnant and she can't
afford to the child and she's got a
child too I I was lost was lost ORS or
sad but then I found God I don't know oh
I felt bad when I decided to pull Jason
out from school
well you can't afford to kick your kid
in school the school costs money in this
bloody Asian cut
I have no idea that sounds stupid if it
does is a this is B this is C alphabet C
yeah you're right kid you know smart kid
you got a home school um now because you
can't afford diploma in schools it's D
she said this is D you'll start know
your alphabet
I dare you oh no the baby oh no don't
tell me she's gonna lose the baby no no
that would be sad that would definitely
be sad no oh poor mommy sorry yeah don't
get angry it is not that I had failed as
a mother
oh poor mums oh no oh this kid wants to
go back to school oh he's out of school
where he's got no friends oh poor kids
all alone he's I I wish I was that happy
least you got them food eat up you
grateful little shit okay I'm sorry
Oh to see the longing in his eyes I
realized I must give Jason another
chance to go to school yeah buddy that's
when I met you won't met me I feel cold
I don't have enough money to pay oh oh
but I really want to send Jason back to
school oh okay
so Jason is a really good boy the other
day what has your school oh I think you
really misses being you've children his
age but yeah can you help us does it
cost money or non-spam jeez
please who are you talking to this
school ah did you not help or does she
help I don't understand what's going on
I think did you saw yes I don't know if
it wasn't for you madam City middle city
I can't imagine how much worse life
could get oh is this an advertisement
for some bloody aha I remember the day
you told me that help is on the way
ablution your application font of bright
horizon financial assistance has been
approved wait is this like benefits like
like money benefits for being poor you
get benefits this kid is like a Pheo
he's like okay mom stop bloody crying
thank you do for you
oh this is seeing how dedicated you are
in your job
I asked why you wanted to be a teacher
why did you wanna be a teacher it's not
just about teaching not about teaching
but about but about what to help
children I will fill the a potential ah
children so cute to bring out the best
in them the best in them that's what I
always say I can understand what you
mean no I think you understand
wait what how is that so hard to go
preventive I think I understand now
three years later is your goal to make a
difference too
oh now she's a teacher you did for me
listen Oh
because all that you've done for us
madam City Oh finest people I want to
say again thank you thank you madam city
is just over there in the corner you're
doing good girl you're doing good okay
good progress through through life what
was that about fair price food care
income I think it's like benefits all
for good okay the social okay so I think
it is like benefits alright well that
was a very weird one I think if you were
a mother you would probably find that a
little bit more sad you know because
every parent wants the best for their
child pretty much I'm gonna take four
when I was seven my mom was badly ill
and she passed away and then since that
time my dad has become everything in my
life oh oh no is that dad gonna die here
dad's like what's up kid you sad because
your mom died oh it's not me at all
don't be sad oh yeah
mommy would not want to see us happy I
mean she would
okay back up on Belle come come daddy so
tell me that women don't say what they
really mean who wait what
always crying he misses his wife um pop
up my trunk obtain but actually my dad's
even worse yeah he's not being honest
ha my dad says he's not hired ah look
great dad eat more fish that's a bummer
Tommy we always say he's not hungry
there's a lot of fish there are they
sleep together - oh that's so sweet
Matthew little alarm have you finished
your homework oh no max a box of moon oh
no me fate how many paths it's blaming
our mum wait honking bad go now okay I
don't know what to be with you I miss
mom you're win-win then oh what a
horrible thing to say your mum's dead
don't act like it's your dad's boat oh
that's sad Oh hit Kenwyn and got into a
fight - people at all my net machine
they've realized that whenever I was in
trouble no matter I was right or wrong
and it's daddy who always stands by me
oh I was up late one being I want to
scholarship to study abroad somewhere
well dad parmie always says they've not
loaned me and I was happily gardening
around the house he's all he's all grown
up now guys
whoa the plants are dead what's going on
is he blind
it's like he lost his sight no I think
he's why was he doing that why was war
in the plaza that he is blind look he's
he's scaling the house in order to get
back in hello hello how are you
sabaidee Lord I'm doing great how about
you Oh what are you doing
try around the house got worried the
plants by looking at them I said not
even he's there oh I didn't even know he
didn't even know Oh Paul
dad you boy
Oh Oh Luke sybilla's dad you're not all
right you're blind
what are you talking about all about oh
oh
oh that's sad but my bus my mom died now
my dad is blind to the loo
I'm sorry a heap meant a lot man I think
that dad never speaks his mind then
longer when I look back and wish I was
walking cane camera they struggle
tell me you think I said it wasn't
hungry because he wouldn't meet up only
the good Feeny
oh gosh uh Khimki Carla that always that
leftovers commonly Oh humming an enemy
of ha yeah dad worked hard I never tried
because he wanted to fund my education
call me psycho dad never got angry with
me because he understood of their day
for everything
oh what a great dad
we're terrible son
oh I'm alright son it's okay dad never
says that he loves me that I knew but at
this moment of something I can really
feel it from what he has done for me for
my whole life home is where our lives
grow choose the best for your child's
future
okay the I don't know what's these
obsessions with these Asian countries
making me sad our short films I don't
get it okay like they're not even that
sad really they're just kind of like a
beautiful story I guess okay guys I'm
gonna end the video here
be truthful did you cry I didn't cry so
I guess I owe all of you 50 million
dollars just I'll write that out to you
in a check okay just expect it in the
mail soon
either way though let's try and hit
10,000 likes that if we do I would do
more reaction videos thank you guys so
much for watching see you in the next
video ba ba
