you're gonna check that out no oh hello
everyone how's everyone doing is mesh
your selfie today we are back with
hidden agenda thank you guys so much for
the support episode 1 if you haven't
once already you need to okay this game
is basically like a movie where you pick
the own your own choices
okay there's different endings okay the
story is really great go watch if you
haven't already as soon as we reach
15,000 likes I will post the next
episode and I think the ending is the
next episode it's a really short game
and now okay part two part in a general
hidden agenda baby okay we start off in
a city away it's raining boring down
with ray I'm so excited right the
police's department again alright so
remember one of our police officer
friends I say friends died in that
explosion okay cuz he was going to see
some bloody hook up okay Simon how you
hold on I hold up Simon hanging in there
hang on it's for work whenever there's a
freak on the loose I guess 24 hours till
he gets executed but but okay okay okay
find the murderer okay sorry
listen up there's no I'm sorry we lost a
cop today oh another one won't be
returning to active duty poor guy and
worse
poor guy I know it's gonna be tough on
all of us yeah
no one here ever thought we'd see the
day the Jack cavalry went down for the
count
Jack cavalry he was a dickhead anyway
well let's be blunt he wasn't the kind
to catch this flies with sugar yeah no
one liked this and this atrocity cannot
stand his atrocity cannot stand we must
do something are we concerned you
reading this the trapper
what's the layers on the witness uh
what's legitimate this excuse me
sergeant what's the latest on the
witness ya gotta be out and one for this
Adam Jones 200 keep you a bit thank you
until we have reason to believe
otherwise we are treating this as a
trapper copycat rapa it's entirely
possible the katana that offended some
about pulling the strings from behind
bars oh they think it's we have attorney
Felicity graves here to help the
investigation she is familiar with the
trapars MO she's here to help
she's hid out his extender every
courtesy one more thing District
Attorney Felicity graves has negotiated
to have Jonathan Finn temporarily
released into our custody yeah come on
you believe this okay I think this might
be a valuable lead yeah I'm gonna follow
it through yeah and there's a problem
with that you know where my office is
yeah detective Marnie I'm gonna need you
to look into Calvary's old trapper Case
Files oh look at the links here anything
we could have missed okay yeah sure okay
yeah sure
so we have to go back sounding
amazeballs now just remember Jack
cavalry is watching from whatever
shithole he ended up in oh poor guy
that's doing proud okay this guy that we
were arguing with ended up dying just
like five minutes later hello how you
holding up I'm doing good even though I
nearly died you know they think I'm
crazy love don't know it's just like
shit on shit yeah I can't get a break
everyone thinks I'm crazy but they crazy
don't stress out any more than you need
to
oh thank you do you have an alibi
remember yes me with huh
they're getting ready to move Finn for
his little field trip I'd like for you
to join us
so would I if I can get out of the
dungeon oh okay
so Finn's gonna take us and try and find
Adam Jones that's why he's gonna try and
help okay so I've been going over it in
my head hey what you needed an alibi for
me at the crime scene do you really
believe that I had something to do it's
on the buggy I asked you a question
yeah will you let me through please no
brother okay talk to me now all right
I'm annoyed why don't you trust me I'm
your partner yeah we have to be honest
with each other honest but
here's honest and everybody knows about
this beef between you and cavalry alts
on these guys they don't think you're
all there well we've got to start
watching out for yourself Tom you're
accusing me of murdering a fellow
officer yeah it's bullshit motive
I'm just doing my head motive just
because I didn't like it I have
disappointed in you I thought we were
partnered Tom no more talking
we're supposed to be on the same side
here yeah yeah I'm on your side because
I'm your partner on your side because
I'm your friend oh you get more around
here than you realize why do you think
Greeks but you want case review he just
wants me out of the way maybe or maybe
he thinks you'll actually find something
or maybe we might find something in the
case files I like this guy there's a
like a murder mystery going on and we
have to find out all the clues and make
the right choices okay I really hope I
don't mess up Jones was definitely at
Las Palmas same time as Finn okay
allegedly died in the fire that shut the
place down now according to Finn Jones
grew up to be the trapper yeah did team
how can that be possible
yeah does it make sense this makes
apparently he died in this fire of the
orphanage hmm oh god do we investigate
the trapars first-ever victim or the
orphanage or the orderly from last
palmer's I don't know what that is I'd
say let's go back to the orphanage where
he apparently died
if these killings are connected to the
Las Palmas orphanage yeah
father romansky is at the center yeah
the bloody wall the rest of the clergy
took a vow of silence the minute things
started to get hairy for him by
everything Finn told Felicity that room
minsky had some kind of secret room at
the orphanage yeah couldn't find any
reference to this in the police records
I guess it's time for me to head over to
Las Palmas and take another look that's
some dirty room bloody dirty shit okay
okay all right so we're heading over to
the orphanage where apparently were thin
and Adam Jones a supposed murderer
grew up okay so I think that these
orphans were getting abused in the
orphanage by father Rome in ski and some
other people and they tried to call the
police but the police
didn't help them because they were
orphans so I think that's why that's
their motive
you know these orphans hate police
because you know they didn't do anything
to help them while they were getting
abused in the orphanage it's kind of sad
you know I mean number one you're
orphans you don't have no mum or dad and
number two you'll get an abused all
right this is kind of nervous and scary
okay like this abandoned orphanage that
burned down nearly be careful Becky
okay I don't want no scary shit don't
happen do you
you guys scared I'm scared okay all
right sorry
all right what's in this room oh it's
where the orphans used to sleepy aah oh
my god what the hell is that it's kind
of creepy you're gonna check that out
but no Oh Becky did you hear that please
tell me you heard that oh no guys I'm
not alone I'm not alone
oh no it's more finding clues I'm not
good at these okay this and what else or
the fog no damn it I only got two okay
it doesn't matter I found a photo and
what else did I find there's a secret
little passage found a loose panel is
that what is that whoa there's a button
whoa open the secret bloody room it did
the secret room with a bloody pervert
father wrote Minsky bloody I don't know
what he did in this room but he's happy
Oh daddy popping bottles on now look at
all the the pictures on his wall all
dirty women
disgusting with that oh wow hello lady
is it looks like father Oh Minsky was a
regular customer uh who we found the
secret room the police couldn't find
secret room
I had to who was his cool I like this
Oh No did you hear that
uh-oh uh-oh guys we're not alone we're
gonna bloody die okay oh yeah so you saw
one down the stairs go chase him Jason
oh no this QuickTime events oh no this
is gonna be quick time event doesn't it
so oh god oh god no oh that was close
come on come on
bad luck but making one Becky we can't
let this guy get away run run
bullshit oh wait what
Oh No
oh great freeze Dumbo stop stop you
piece of shit
oh no the trade what happened did he hop
on the trade yeah he did he's gone is
gone oh is that the murderer do you guys
think that's the murderer or maybe in a
clock accomplice I have no idea
whoa Barney headed to a house at 2200
meet you there yeah Oh know something
okay he's what that I found room in
skeeze playroom oh no not much but he
and Calvary had one thing in common
Oh cookers he does all day Oh someone
was creeping around Las Palmas yeah
Gervin nothing I mean the place is like
squatter heaven they bolted the second I
made him yeah that's true they did run
away from me
why'd run away if you're innocent huh
daddy that's how you'll know it's a medi
killer it's the bloody trapper killer
oh man this is cool
remember okay this guy gets killed in
less than one day like tomorrow okay oh
here we go
Joneses residence 12:30 720 hours until
he gets executed so we need to find the
killer in the next 20 hours oh it's the
first time he's been outside in five
years Jimmy a picker and just make sure
he doesn't try anything oh he certainly
tried yeah
don't try anything you piece of shit
don't get any ideas don't get any ideas
good to see you again
how are your bracelets well I can't feel
my fingers if that's what you're asking
oh you're gonna help me out or what oh
do we play good cop or bad cop guys are
we gonna loosen it or tighten it I want
to get on his good side so I'm gonna
loosen it here Thanks Oh whatever went
down after the orphanage this is where
Adam grew up Walt this
grop do you think he might be his still
whoa yeah I hope me loosening his cuffs
it's not gonna end up me like having to
fight him later on
oh no I probably made a really bad
mistake guys okay it's like we'll find
out and see what happens my lawyer
couple squadron s but looks like they
split Oh all right give us life but what
if one of squaws was him right this way
yeah start the tour
okay so Finn is gonna help us apparently
find Adam and this is apparently one of
his hangout spots all right
this old abandoned be room right in here
Oh what about is where Adam slept when
he ran away
whoa been here four years then I didn't
say he'd be here to greet us huh oh no
no this again I'm really bad at this
okay all right
uh-oh I just see one it was the tent
okay so we got this poison box we got
the tent over here and anything else oh
no no no no no newspapers maybe
newspapers a dead boy okay nice a tent
so you're saying that this is this is
his not some squatters yeah
squatters wouldn't dare whoa he has a
reputation scary boop-boo-boo-boop I say
people a lot don't I report on the
orphanage fire while he kept the
newspapers closed after arson attack oh
do you think he started the arson attack
because he likes bombs oh that makes
sense
he blew up his own over the top of this
Adam's pop was a pest-control man you
don't say oh it's a pretty good one too
his dad used to work in pest control is
that how we learned how to make bombs
traps oh the signal shooting Adam got
from his dad was a knack for killing
vermin pretty crazy now it's time to
wrap it up but we don't have any
information to go on we found something
just need a couple more minutes yes give
us a minute how did Adam end up at the
orphanage well Adams pop it gets so
blasted he couldn't see a hole in the
ladder Oh his wife senselessness oh one
crooked look Oh one night she loaded up
his double-aught took his head clean off
Oh his mum killed his dad at him what
for the way for life no parole no visits
from her kid Oh No guess it don't matter
that if she hadn't picked up that
shotgun Pop's would have killed them
both sooner or later anyway
oh no that's our justice system for you
right oh so you try and tell me that his
mum used to get beaten up by the drunk
dad and in order to defend herself she
shot him in the head in front of the Sun
and then she ended up going in jail so
that's how he ends up in the orphanage
with no parents that is so cruel murder
is murder now that's harsh man you know
I mean a woman was getting beaten up you
know she had no option no good outcomes
in a case like that yeah no good outcome
price you couldn't see her kid though I
know that's harsh that's Judge Vanstone
you're kidding
don't kid about the man who sentenced me
to die it's a save judge a couple of
weeks in mama Jones hung herself in
herself No so yeah
Adam was shipped off to Las Palmas no
Ryan pan into the fire
his mom killed herself in jail you
wouldn't believe what they did to us in
there we're Minsky and that piece of
shit orderly
oh no we tried to fight him the way
you're supposed to fight him we called
the cops
third precinct and nobody did a goddamn
thing there you go got our own social
worker they would be so once Adam got
out of that hellhole he figured out his
own way to make them all pay it makes
ups he knew their beat he timed every
murder to the minute he wants revenge on
Zach or loot Gyllenhaal and exactly what
was waiting for him because they didn't
help him in the altar nailed parents
failed cirrhosis about would you do
and he took out the people who heard us
yeah I guess I could kind of see why
he's so angry and you know like he's had
a terrible life you know his parents you
know like killing each other you know
killing themselves thrown in like a
terrible abusive orphanage I'd make them
pay yeah I'll make them pay jeez if I've
been hurt like Adam yeah yeah that's
understandable want them to pay yeah
Adam still I used to think maybe Adams
the only one who can see the world for
what it truly is wall see past all the
bullshit the evil deeds that lie in the
hearts of men oh now I know only God has
that if only God has that gift now
thanks for hearing me out all this time
it's nice to tell my side of it oh sure
how that makes sense
call any time you know there is
something else
well the hostage when you picked me up
Danielle de cárdenas wove well Danielle
and her sister Izzy were with us at Las
Palmas wallet through the same shit you
busy never got over it
Oh deed a couple of years later Oh Adam
knew that Daniella would do anything to
see romance keep a wall Whaley's you're
trying to tell me that the girl that was
kidnapped in the beginning of the game
remember when I initially arrested him
that girl that was you know tied up she
she was friends with with with with you
Fitz I'm surprised son of a bitch God
the hostage was in on it the histology
was in on that Oh God
okay okay we've learned a lot of
information we're gonna need an APB on a
new suspect
yeah Daniela Cardenas I repeat we need
an immediate Akili Cardenas was not a
hostage in the trapper occasion she
wasn't all she was a co-conspirator
co-conspirator oh I'm gonna call Simon
Hilary if danielís district pastor the
moriki might be able to take up the case
yeah you're gonna be all right you gonna
be all right
Oh am i confident or cautious I don't
know if I should be confident I bet he's
gonna try and something and escape I'll
be fine now I kind of want to see that
cop go it's okay I'll be fine you know
Hey okay don't try any funny business
now fin oh oh oh oh Becky Becky oh you
still think I'm making all this up less
and less but without proof that Adams
still running around I can get you proof
no you can't you're right not like this
again Oh nuts
look he's never gonna show his face
while I'm on a leash but on my own I can
draw him out Oh serve him right up on a
silver platter no you're right judge
Vance stone wouldn't go for it in a
million years yeah there's no way I wore
a wire then you could keep tabs on me
now but it could work no you're on death
Road did you forget that for crimes I
didn't commit
did you forget that but we don't know
that
something I may have neglected to
mention oh please enlighten me like Adam
told me that if I were to ever find
myself free of incarceration yeah you'd
reach out immediately is that so can
make it look like I overpowered you
no one would have to know what is he
asking me to let him free
are you serious I cannot believe you're
actually proposing yes you can
oh because you know it's the only way to
catch you oh you take you out in a
second
police said buy it we can make it look
real we could return to custody
immediately
oh no oh how would you find them or shut
up
that would you I'm curious how would you
even find him yeah I got strings I can
pull I can find him
he's just gonna let me oh do we do it
see I feel like we won't find the
murderer without its help and we and I
really want to find out who the murderer
is on on this let's play so what do we
do do we release him from from prison I
want to do it let's do it let's do it do
it do it
gimme gimme ah shit
this could be that this is a big this is
a big decision it's what we the biggest
decision we've done holy shit all know
Felicity Becky hey time to wrap it up
Oh God
he's escaping
oh no you're gonna find out that I let
him escape
did I just lay on the floor and pretend
to be hit see I have a feeling that if I
said if I didn't let him go I think he
would just like beat me up anyway
the notorious serial killer known as the
trapper has escaped from prison just
days before he was to face the final
curtain first I was responsible for the
deaths of numerous first responders
during a rain of fear five years ago I
warned that Finn is dangerous and any
sighting should be immediately reported
to the authorities
I escaped prison all because of me I'm
gonna get some serious shit right now
all right I want to know what happened
we want to know now
oh no I'm in so much trouble I'm sorry
I'm apologetic I shouldn't have been
alone okay I'm sorry I shouldn't have
been in there alone with him he
overpowered me yeah I blew it I'm sorry
damn mess but we are gonna stay focused
you're gonna get the son of a bitch back
in custody
Tom what's the status US Marshals will
initiating manhunt as we speak don't
help them anything they need
Becky until we catch a break kem gonna
need you work in a case files okay what
the case Falls that's fine
yes sir okay I'll get back to him okay
so that's all oh man
that they are mad that I let him go the
hell's going on with your partner
something's just not right here I can't
put my finger on it but keep an eye on
her he doesn't trust me no one he
doesn't trust me things like I have
something to do with it
well I just let like the main suspect
out of jail so you could probably
understand why doesn't trust me oh look
now it's one hour since Finn's escaped
rather than like 20 hours before he died
you know so I think by letting him out
of jail I've given myself more time to
figure out who's the murderer so I think
that's good it was a good decision okay
what do we do now
do we go orderly from Las Palmas or
Trappist bus victim let's go to the
orderly orderly at Las Palmas in and out
of the third Precinct lockup for years
but known for his uncanny ability to
avoid doing any real-time okay seems
likely that he knew people on the inside
if the third precinct cops were the
trapars targets well he connects both
worlds huh his brother Vernon LeMay
works in sanitation downtown I'm gonna
pay him a visit
okay so we're seeing someone's brother
who might have known Adam Jones I think
that's what she was saying okay so
apparently in this criminals brother is
this guy who works as a garbage man it
looks like it hello sir
like to have a little chat oh hello
he's ignoring me oh no we have a chase
scene now six or nine in pursuit of
suspect already made foot bail party
made foot bail oh no grits on events oh
they could have warned me first
oh no oh quickly budget that's right
baby
is it really hard to avoid shit come on
baby
chase it down make sure doesn't get away
why is he running away
I don't asking questions I'll hold chase
him chase if Jason put this guy's
running so slow look how fat he is that
running okay of course getting gonna get
away like a chop it's over put your
hands up it's over baby do not or do not
move our shipment you could've got to
commanding or calming I smell talk mr.
Rene
listen to me you don't want to do
anything stupid okay
okay I don't got to do anything no I
just want to talk to you the hell yeah
talk about the gun down I just want to
talk German drop your butt no should be
calling you say it again
I'm the drummer weapon I'm just gonna
drop my weapon see oh no what if he
shoots me now I'm gonna talk to you
he was remain silent anything you say
can be used to see I think if I didn't
tell it if I was if I wasn't calm I
either would have shot him or I'm
guessing he would have fallen down there
because it because that shot kind of
made it look like he would he could have
fallen down there okay
I'm doing pretty good job okay I'm
nailing these uh
to zero right now Vernon I guess lowlife
numbskull just runs in the family huh
watch quit dicking me around this is
about your brother yeah your brother
that's all I really care about you knew
Adam Adam Jones ah what can you tell me
bro mention him once or twice said no
matter how much he wailed on when the
kid would just look back at him with
these big ol dead i wailed or just taken
it you just think he would be Amol on it
no matter how much the bastards
complained cops weren't gonna touch
their golden goose why is that
you know what I think my mouth just got
tired mean it's time for my lawyer I
know my rights
Oh tell me some shit please dirty cops
ain't news LeMay you ain't got shit yeah
you're gonna send me up the river you
better make a hell of a lot of extra Roy
all I thought is I'm taking half the
police department winner what you wanna
keep fucking with me we're not done yet
this crazy bitch are for me hey Frankie
he was quite the ladies man huh Wow
let's know how to find a date yeah a
girlfriend who was he seen yeah no no
what's he seeing none there's no no one
really it was that butcher how you met
some escort online show me some pics
like your x-rated stuff that's gonna
talk to me setting up a date so what's
that crime there Clark
last time I checked wait is it it's
prostitution illegal I think it is
actually Heymann is that the crap of
course it is a crime so this guy went to
the orphanage to along with his brother
and apparently his brother beat up Adam
in the orphanage which is kind of escort
hookers again maybe yeah not much to go
off of no right I love Jesus Becky
couldn't on quite a show yeah almost had
to jump in well he was holding back just
had to speak a language that he could
understand yeah good call yeah this
stuff about LeMay
at their precinct is that when you were
dealing with Benton Oh
teller was the ringleader over there
kept his cards close to just but I knew
something was up
that's why I left yeah but full of dirt
it caught tell someone about this no
reason to dig up the dead just to drag
him through the mud yeah nice and clean
we have bigger fish now Tom yeah all the
dirty cops back then Jesus okay
detective morning Hillary House after
hours
yeah oh I'm really starting to think
there's a connection here with the
prostitutes and the trapper killings
yeah Hillary might have some forensic
evidence we've overlooked go easy on him
all right he's pretty shook up from the
fireworks this morning okay it's just a
few questions
it's no big deal so we're going over to
the forensics guy's house okay
Hillary is his name we're going to
Hillary's house detective morning hello
hello hello please come in he's like
really calm and like really wait do you
think guys I can't believe how close I
was to dying yeah anytime see ya bye
slowly you're telling me justlet split
second and oh my god he said Chuck what
was it the triple or at least you're
alive I don't even know at least you're
alive don't dwell on it you're alive
that's the important thing
yeah yes of course the year Orphanage
the case from a few years ago
unspeakable he's so good yeah we're
doing some digging yeah father there
Roman ski seems to have a thing for the
ladies of the night yeah which is
starting to feel just like the Calvary
case yeah and LeMay the Las Palmas
orderly he had a date planned with a
hooker just before the trapper got him
she's too many hookers to be a
coincidence huh unless every single man
in this town is John well I'm working on
a new theory it's just a sketch but I
think you can help me do you think know
it was there anything you found that
might point to the killer being a woman
whoa there was trace evidence yes
it's it's could be the mods are still
available of course the records were
archived when fen confessed I mean that
makes no sense though
are you alright sorry it's this morning
yes it's still a little shaken up wait
oh yeah yeah that's training he died
this morning 2012 when we took down Finn
he had a hostage Danielle at cards oh
maybe she's in the coma remember she
relevant oh ah let's be confident turns
out she wasn't a hostage after all oh no
all that up thank you then I can't
believe it that's preposterous
Daniella's sister Isabella died a few
years ago yeah came through the city
morgue that one of yours mono did you
examine the body oh I I don't recall I'm
sorry
this guy is no no something's fishy yes
like we've got all these tiny little
puzzle pieces but the picture on the box
makes no sense yeah feeling like there's
a lot more to this than just Jonathan
Finn you know I'm not sure I do
detective and now the Calvary murder may
be Finn's still a part of it but but
what if someone else is pulling the
strings yeah I think something feeling
very unsafe again yeah no there's
another puzzle piece a small one but
important you think this Adam Jones
could have survived the fire yeah he
must go no I fire department reports say
they flushed the remains during cleanup
so it's not like we have a body yes well
that is routine with burnouts and Simon
I'm sorry detective my all the
excitement from this morning has just
finally caught up to me I think it'd be
better if you and me we we pick this up
tomorrow morning huh
you know I haven't slept yeah well you
look like you haven't slept much no and
in fact late night what were you out
late last night oh my god
guys this guy's nervous as hell right
now hey so um Sarge is asking us to
clear everyone who worked with Calvary
uh I'm sorry
oh I just need an alibi for you for last
night oh I was whoa whoa there nervous
Nellie don't want to act too suspicious
oh I'm sorry I am still feeling very
foggy after the exist guy is so weird
don't you guys think so I do not trust
this guy at all he's acting so nervous
around me wait for silent no pizza I'm
gonna follow him sorry just the moment I
get that all cleaned up he is so nervous
around me do you think he's like the guy
on the inside
Matt see I don't think I don't think the
trap was the trap was a smart guy you
know we're doing all these explosions
Finn is a
with either guy following me
my apologies I'm just I'm still a little
scattered don't worry about it here let
me help you he was following me
was he oh my god guys okay this guy does
not be trusted this guy is something to
do with this whole murder shit okay I do
not trust this guy at all so where were
you last night yeah what was he me yeah
when Calvary was murdered
yeah don't worry detective I I'll
provide the sergeant a complete
breakdown of all my whereabouts as soon
as I have fully recovered how is it
terribly well last night I've taken up
way too much of your time it's no bother
really
oh I know that you didn't get to finish
your evaluation at the crime scene is
there anything that you may have missed
oh I don't think so but this was no
typical attack whoever calvary was with
you probably knew them thank you oh
sorry
ah okay well this is just getting more
and more suspicious I do not trust this
guy at all he is such a weird fella okay
all right so are we what heading back to
the explosion from last night there's
apparently he didn't do his full
analysis because the thing the place
blew up right okay that was hard yeah
Simon basically freaked out yeah and
that hoodie was he following me at the
orphanage is that it my gut says that
he's mixed up with this somehow yeah he
is time to do some thinking
he is mixed on it somehow I don't know
what how but he is
Jesus okay this is getting intense guys
I love it alright homicide department
alright when to some more research guys
we are so we're getting closer and
closer to finding the real killer it's
been four hours since written escaped
yeah cuz Finn is not doesn't like a
smart guy he doesn't look like he knows
how to like how bomb were bombs work and
stuff like that I doubt he's the killer
Isabela Cardenas found on the side of
the road o parent overdose
what body showed signs of long-term
abuse Oh
Medical Examiner was Simon Hillary Simon
Hillary the guy we just saw you didn't
mention this maybe he didn't know this
was Daniela Cardenas sister well maybe
he did date of death is just before the
trabber killings began oh do you think
that's what triggered it a yearbook
Simon Hillary whoa he looks different
wait
it's not the same guy
those from what he looked like in his
year but he looked completely different
if Simon is Simon Hilary the guy we just
met is he in on it I think he is ah I do
not trust that guy he was so nervous and
weird okay we're going back to where the
explosion was where where Hilary nearly
died and exploded himself okay because
remember there was a painting and we
moved the painting and a hit yeah
revisiting the crime scene of detective
Jack Calvary's murder all right be
careful there might be another bomb you
can have someone look at the bedroom
first yeah it's not that big of a place
but be careful I always have to wonder
if the forensic team missed something
yeah oh no what'd I miss the bed the
camera on the floor the camera on the
floor was to come on the floor no no
damn it Lenny mess I only got two oh I
found the camera that was the important
bit oh I found the camera now what is
that yes from the painting yeah from the
first step video Wow
that's it is there like secret footage
on the camera maybe oh maybe there is
well the cameras being linked to
something right oh there is we're gonna
find out what happened see there's the
police officer with the hooker oh no
it's a hooker gonna kill him
what's he doing Olaf is choking she's
choking him and how this is just okay
that was so weird huh wait what did you
see see something else you know who's
this oh the guy in the hoodie that guy
in the hoodie it's the forensics
it's the forensics guy that's from the
orphanage dollars to doughnuts that's
the same hoodie I saw drying over
Simon's washing machine Simon shit he's
in on it
Wow well I never thought I'd say this
but thank God Calvary was one perverted
piece of shit okay so the forensics guy
is in on it somehow are we gonna find
out how contacts that's what I like to
call oh I don't know are you gonna make
me choose
Felicity great obviously Craig hey hey
felicity
I beg you what's up all right can you
meet up I want to go over some evidence
yeah of course
Temple Bar great yes temple ball please
hello oh no it's the hook up and she's
tying up a bun for someone
the hook is tying up a bond to someone
No
it's gonna be another mugger that's the
end of part 2 oh the box when you're
ready to move on ah shit there's gonna
be another murder by the trapper killer
the question is who and what and how oh
my goodness we are this close from
catching the real killer okay guys I'm
gonna end the video there as soon as you
reach 15,000 likes I will post the next
episode which will be the ending which
will be the video where we find out who
actually is the killer probably Adam
Jones but we're gonna find out who Adam
Jones is either way though guys I hope
you guys are enjoying this I definitely
am I am so excited to see how this ends
Oh see you in the next video Baba
