hello oh my god be careful be careful oh
my god he exploded hello everyone how is
everyone doing is mess yourself eight
today we are starting up a brand new
let's play we are playing hidden agenda
now this game is basically a movie which
you can make the choices - it's from the
same people who make until dawn and you
guys absolutely loved until dawn is
basically the exact same thing so yeah
if you guys want me to make this into a
series at 20,000 likes I will post the
next episode now for this game your
phone is the controller so I'm going to
be controlling this with my phone Oh Shi
ripple effect the spreading consequences
of a single event or action every choice
you make changes the future oh I'm so
excited guys this game's gonna be little
some effect relationship between
characters who relationships others make
waves that change everything whoa choose
wisely
okay video game you have me intrigued
let us now start this very epic story
okay we start off in a house where is
that a mouse truck okay dingy house was
that noise some guys pray and he's being
filmed
is this some bloody torture shit dude oh
my god it's not a bomb it's an apology
wait to a pop oh yes Rick to a bomb why
is there a bomb on him and why is he
praying hello
oh no oh oh
rest in peace man okay we've all ready
to start the story but this guy's
already died oh no the police are
outside too
whoa whoa hello hello what could that
mean I guess I bet we're gonna find out
now I think six weeks later hostage
situation okay the trapper okay I think
I read a little bit about this I think
it's about a serial killer called the
trapper who rakes people with bombs okay
and I think I plays the police officer
like this person officer Becky mornin
November of 2012 course I'm ready
nice music textbook coach textbook Karla
what's the play
what's the play I don't know it four
choices by moving your pointer inside
the box with a bone okay let's be
cautious and scope the place out it
doesn't feel right yeah
- be safe guys okay we need to be very
careful okay
all right so yeah like I said this is a
serial killer he brings people with
bombs I play as a police officer and I
think the whole I think the whole game
okay was blown up I think the whole game
is based around trying to find this
killer okay now there's multiple endings
and multiple choices so there is a way
of not finding the killer
but in this let's play I will try to
find out who the killer is
okay all right now let's take it slow
all right
sneaky music use your pointer to hit the
target before the timer runs out oh oh
there's quick timer boats all right be
quick be quick
oh I got it whoa the door was
booby-trapped and not the good kind of
boobies do do do you that scream
investigate a fine partner
I don't know a fine partner I guess Tom
Tom where are you Tom he's right there
oh thank god you heard the screams I got
a screaming now say she could be rigged
to a bomb I bet it's the bloody dropper
it's the dropper serial killer this is
pretty cool though like it looks great
it looks exactly like until dawn hello
what are you doing why is he - I got
this woman
Oh No mousetrap that's what we saw from
the beginning member freeze to shoot
move your pointer on to the target shoot
this guy
think before you shoot you do not have
to open fire oh I don't have to shoot oh
no it's the guy shoot okay don't shoot
don't shoot don't shoot okay I want to
see what you have to say okay don't
shoot please don't make a move I will
shoot I will shoot I will shoot don't
shoot
away don't test my aim fucker don't
guess I'm not gonna hurt her please help
me please get me up shut up shut up shut
up I need to think
take it easy just take it easy take it
easy take it easy
I'm just gonna put the gun down okay
easy easy no sudden movements don't
let's just take this nice and slow is
there other gun do I command him I don't
know it's over it's not it's not worth
it just it's always over okay just give
yourself up you know you know this you
know you want to die for this you want
to die you piece of shit I will kill you
oh it working it's working he gave
himself up whoa and I saved the woman
did I so that's what I'm talking about
guys because I chose the right things he
just gave himself up or I could have
shot him the hunt for the trapper came
to a dramatic end tonight as police from
the third Precinct arrested their
primary suspect Jonathan Jonathan is
wanted in connection with a string of
grisly murders that has gripped the city
I claimed the lives of first response
police officers
on the story as it develops what a
disgusting guy he's just got a woman in
his basement what a weirdo ladies and
gentlemen the accused
Jonathan Fenn is guilty yes of that
there is no doubt
yes your job is simply to determine how
he has punished mm-hmm this man the
so-called trapper killer trap has
terrorized our community with his brutal
murder spree yeah booby trapping his
victims so our brave first responders
became victims themselves yeah these
innocent people were targeted for no
other reason than to play out Jonathan
Finn's sick yeah what a sick serial
killer
Jonathan Finn has confessed to every
single one of these crimes oh he's the
killer
ask that the court consider Jonathan
Finn's voluntary confession of his
crimes he has spared the victims
families a prolonged trial and in doing
so has demonstrated a glimmer of remorse
is she the lawyer
therefore it is my recommendation that
Jonathan Finn be spared the death
penalty and instead sentenced to life in
prison with no possibility of parole
whoa what do you think oh they wouldn't
send him to the death penalty but she
said no let's roam in jail Jonathan Finn
you have committed crimes of such a
depraved nature that this court has no
alternative on all who sentenced you to
death no injection dad use court is
adjourned
a judge they said the dad
five years later five years oh so he's
on death row for five years for a
thousand and committed he's been
committed to death in two days that's to
take it out on the rest of us down
mishandling evidence proper conduct the
radio just so happens to be talking
about me apparently I'm a dirty cop now
am i what happened in this five years
okay that's really weird
okay well I got promoted from a normal
police officer I'm now working like
higher up on the police chain but
apparently I'm a dirty cop now I can't
be he's been that he's been on death row
for five years that's crazy
good morning everyone oh snap oh god
another pair of john doe's this weekend
okay we're quickly racking up read names
on this board I gotta tell you unsolved
cases don't exactly uphold the
reputation we've built here at this
precinct just put Marty the magician on
the case here she's got a knack for
making things disappear
detective Calvary and pretend you didn't
just say that you're dismissed oh he was
joking because I'm a dirty cop
apparently I've been mishandling
evidence whatever the hell that means
okay I don't care about any of this shit
I just want to find a killer okay I want
action
I want shooting Dickie ignore Oh it's
taught my poetry everyone knows the only
reporter you
you the biggest target glads no my
accomplishments earned me something yeah
you doing okay yeah not really that
guy's a jerk
that guy's a jerk I'd be doing a lot
better if Calvary would take a short
walk off a tall building
just promise me you won't do anything
don't give I ate anything work with okay
at least what the heck we still open all
right thanks mom gee thanks mom
detective Marni that's funny the word in
my office
oh hello okay so I'm still partners with
this guy apparently I'm a dirty cop so
he's talking Marni talking to me what
I'm not supposed to comment on an
ongoing internal affairs investigation
yeah if it starts affecting my best
detective I'm sorry sir yeah boy don't
apologize you're a good cop I am a good
cop I have no doubt you didn't do
anything to compromise the crime scene
intentionally yeah
the facts will speak for themselves
thank you for believing in me sir
thank you all right I appreciate it you
know sometimes feels like we don't have
a choice in these things but you do you
got me yes I got you of course hmm I
want to believe that but I know the trap
was set for execution in 48 hours
Walt it's a heavy load yeah no when you
send someone to death row I don't want
you to be distracted yeah okay so did we
get the right guy keeps me up at night
looking forward to his execution the
thing is I don't think he might be the
murderer because I think that's what the
story is so it keeps me up at night I'm
troubled pins execution can't come soon
enough
a whole lot of folks agree yeah I know I
do I'm gonna guess none of those folks
are looking forward to a good night's
sleep as much as I am oh the fact that
he's still breathing
keeps me up at night oh that's sad
got your message heading to see your
client in there oh sorry I couldn't make
it back to town
oh I'm not crazy about meeting Finn
without his attorney present
No thank you for talking to him so
quickly he doesn't have much time left
does he know he doesn't want to give me
a little preview Bri might be kind of a
tough nut to crack
Oh be strategic great she's going to
meet up the killer I got a plan I don't
know but do either plan cynical I know
how to get what I need okay I know how
to get what I need you call you after
offer or it's really not the killer
because apparently he has something to
tell me about something I know who what
it's about your attorney says you've got
something you want to share with me
those peppers guy my guy that's piss
rounded him out of here yeah miss graves
I did not kill anybody
what I used to blame God for what
happened at Little Miss the orphanage we
were just kids we trusted them wait what
when I forgiving them now God teaches us
to forgive he's an orphan
you can't forgive your abusers once
you've put them in the ground
forgiveness doesn't work like that yeah
I don't kill sorry Finn
calm down Finn come on calm your ass
down I'm about to fucking die and nobody
will know the truth what me what's the
truth I'm gonna die a liar dirty cinema
the confession the murders everything
whoa so now you didn't kill them the
chaplain the orderly then who did
yeah who did frustrated was it a man
Jones or your time is up I don't know
your time is up I'm sorry Finn but your
time is up wait Walt please miss graves
we're done it was Adam Adam Jones from
the orphanage I took Jones he was my
friend
went through the same hell as me he
killed them Walt
it was Adam not me he's off and friend
he's saying his Holford friend killed
him I'm listening I'm listening but you
have to give me more to go yeah Adam and
I we've seen some shit together whoa
look Walt makes you close Adam escaped
and I found drugs okay I was high from
the moment I got out of there and a
couple of years later a couple of
centuries hell if I know
Adam wrecks me down online Oh No he
keeps writing me and writing me and
bringing up all that old shit from the
orphanage oh he says he knows exactly
how to make him pay make him pay so we
made an arrangement I rat myself out at
take the heat off him
Oh nulls been a couple of months in the
clink and then WHAM trapper strikes
again whoa can't be me cuz I'm in here
whoa makes sense we're saying that duck
may convenient The Killers gonna kneel
again convenient his father RAM in ski
running an orphanage
whoa fox in a henhouse father omits key
have no idea what it was like in there
did he touch the kids playroom no that's
what he called it but no I think he was
the only one who was having any fun in
there four cops never found the kid you
been sure if the orphanage is still
standing
whoa so where is he yeah where's the
killer now no idea no I did well can we
find him yes sir someplace where is he I
got a place where what it's not it's
better if I draw you a map
uh-oh do I draw them a map hey you're
gonna draw me a treasure map but you
gonna draw me a treasure map okay all I
can do is point you in the right
direction but you got words use it yeah
and I need to show you myself and
I don't know guys
curious okay you're telling the truth
yeah you don't know where he is now yeah
sounds to me like he's left you high and
dry
yeah I know what Adams like it's kind of
places he hangs around oh we could go
together check it out you got to give me
more than that or yelling oh no guys I
can't take it whoa I'm not supposed to
be here it's not supposed to go like
this okay
stop it calm down this is insane
Adam told me this wouldn't happen no he
told me I'd be out by now he promised
all reassuring I'll find Adam I'll find
out him I'll find him
oh why it's not true I will make sure
you don't die a liar yeah okay
okay I will look into Adam Jones if he's
out there I'll fight I'll find him uh-oh
please a bear
alright okay so we need to find out of
her I don't let them draw a map nope
apparently you couldn't like undo your
carrot handcuffs with a pen you know
sorry let him draw some silly-ass map
for me okay oh shit we have to find this
killer man we have to find the kid look
I know where you're going with this and
it's not gonna work oh there's no way
we're letting Finn out it's too flimsy I
know that's not what I'm after
then why bring me out here yeah if you
tell the judge about Adam Jones
maybe he'll grant fan a temporary
release and help the cops track down
Jones oh it's too late all we're doing
is delaying the inevitable Adam Jones is
reasonable doubt felicity I never wanted
the death sentence but I just don't
think this is enough to stop it from
happening
oh it's not a good man but he is not the
trapper but if he dies the trapper is
still out yeah the trap was out there ah
I can either say you're on your own or I
can support her now I think the trapper
the serial killer is still out there so
let's try and get thin temporarily out
of jail so he can help us so let's take
it to the judge you're right great take
it to Judge Vanstone see what happens to
what happened okay who is this girl I
don't know but if there's any possible
way that finn is it the serial killer we
need to track down the real guy okay I
think that's what this whole cake is
about anyway thank you so much for
seeing me so quite clean guys petty I
already filled me in on this whole Adam
Jones business ah yes sir I just spoke
with mr. Finn now in my experience you
light a candle under a man's ass you can
fly a balloon out of his mouth mister
are you buying his story uh yeah I am
I mean I'm skeptical but it kinda adds
up I'll say I'm curious the timing is
certainly convenient by oh I think he's
telling the truth
yeah or at least some version of it so
far it adds up it does has anyone spoken
to Jones
he's been presumed dead for you
yeah it's quite a stretch don't you
think it is well even if Jones exists
how can you be sure Finn can track him
down optimistic I think he can help us
we won't know unless we try
I think he can help us I'm not sure what
the truth is but I know it's out there
and we need time to find yeah apparently
you need to release a convicted serial
killer to find him just long enough to
lead the police to Adam Jones yeah just
a couple of days old surprise Ness
graves if you were in my position what
would you do all know don't ask me that
uncertain if I say uncertain he won't go
for it so I got to say I've got to be
confident I think yeah if you grant
defend a single day release under armed
guard we may save an innocent man from
wrongful yeah that's it that matters
I see no he sees all right miss graves
I'm going to grant Jonathan Finn a
temporary release into police custody
hell yeah but only for three hours three
hours thank you hey Lana you're not
gonna believe this
he actually went all surprised the heck
out of me Wow oh yeah don't call me that
I'm gonna head over to homicide and let
him know don't thank me
yeah don't I mean yeah we've got to find
the killer oh shit either here we go the
plot thickens we're gonna find this
serial killer guys alright back at the
office
homicide department oh my goodness is so
exciting 43 hours left until friend gets
executed we need to find the killer in
43 hours Oh outrageous Oh case against
fin was air goddamn tight Oh mailable
with a hostage for Christ's sake yeah
Bob would be one hell of a tale for you
to go and spend the judges head around
hostile a man is about to die
hostile let's go free I'm just doing my
job detective California I try not to
miss things that might be important yeah
I know that's sort of a foreign concept
around here they know how to punch a DA
not a lady one at least he's gonna punch
me who exactly was Adam Jones yeah did
he come up at all during the
investigation uh-huh
there wasn't Adam Jones at the orphanage
okay but you know what
sorry fucker was killed in the fire that
shut the place down but what if he
wasn't a story kind of hands their fins
got impeccable timing you don't think
he's full of it oh there's something
that I think I think there's something
there yeah that could be judge thinks so
too
he's granting a temporary release into
police custody to help find out him
Jones yeah fin tells me ro Minsky had a
secret room mother called it the
playroom where he held his
extracurricular activities hey does that
sound familiar
disgusting remember something like that
I didn't come out in the report oh I was
wondering uh mr. Hillery so when you
analyze the bodies of the trapars
victims did you find anything that might
suggest there could be another suspect
yeah gosh that was five years ago of it
I don't think so
so no reason to suspect anyone but fin I
do recall only you know submitting a
partial analysis of the evidence because
mr. Finn confessed so it seemed
open-and-shut
so there was more evidence left to
analyze well yes tracing the trees huh
do you have access to all that data yeah
not just hold on a goddamn second well
how can you leave entertain the
idea of letting this scumbag out of his
cell but Finn had motive he went through
hell at Las Palmas he hated the police
he hated that we even found his hair at
another crime scene the RV park right
that was the social worker and uh
detective Marnie would you mind walking
me through that night again I'll walk
you through it
two words missed opportunity whoa what
happened good hell I've been in
handcuffs right then and there
whoa ha stalled in Austria I'd like to
hear from Marnie okay I'd like to hear
from Marnie I think I'd like to hear
from detective Marnie yeah if you don't
mind yeah what happened this night sure
Becky
Katherine Hope was a social worker okay
I lost Palmas orphanage a social loafing
had her we did nothing nada
yeah fin kidnapped his social Wasco he
came in trailer park open highway oh oh
I was closest to the scene so I went
solo so this is one of the mothers and a
piece of cake wait if it was drunk night
everyone was on pins and needles cuz the
trapper was raising Cain uh-huh and any
one of us could have been next five
years ago Oh three weeks before his
arrest Alec I thought it was two years
ago okay so apparently we're going to
wear apparently killer kidnap one of his
victims
something to be careful guys the killer
could be in this house okay oh I'm so
excited
all right we have to remember every
little detail to research the area let's
search the area easy easy
hello okay oh it's just us doggies go
away man this game is great by the way
look how great this game looks this is
6:09 wanna see FBI pee open eggs down
the highway no but I'm gonna make an
entry to the trailer I'm gonna make an
edge in the trailer let's go baby
caution advised yeah
be cautious something could happen okay
we're in okay be careful now be careful
well search for the clues shown at the
top of the screen wait what was your
pointer to highlight the clues before
the timer runs out wait well I couldn't
use my phone just five the clues okay
okay be quick be quick oh no oh no oh no
how do I do it oh oh here's one okay
the footsteps the footsteps yes anything
else uh uh hello
oh here the bag three clues I found all
the three okay I did it
bomb-making equipment no because he says
that's his signature he does bombs
footprints we have the killer's
footprints what was the other clue
I found wire cutters man this guy's a
little bomb guy he's gonna blow up this
RV I better run
he's kidnapped the social worker guys
she's in the wrong okay put your gun up
okay guys it's just scary
alright stay calm hello hey the bomb
I hate the bomb oh my god is she
strapped to a bomb she's strapped to a
bomb this poor social worker we have to
save them
we have to save oh oh oh do something do
something
oh no I have to defuse a bomb Oh God
stay calm stay calm okay this to you who
did this I I was in the bar I Oh No I
look up here he doesn't know the tracker
is oh no happening
oh no she struck to a bomb oh no what do
I run away or to a helper
oh no I gotta help I gotta run away oh
she's getting the wire cutters of course
I do it did I hurt myself what happened
oh sure at least we only had one
casualty that night oh did you have a
good social worker was killed in a
hit-and-run a few weeks later no it
wasn't the kind of thing I'm eager to
repeat she died
coming got out before finishing the job
yes but so quick he left his gear behind
oh snap okay you were brave to get in
that alone Jesus it was very brave of
you to go in there Illya
I was just doing my job all and how did
you link Finn to the scene I discovered
them as the Finn had left a hair at the
scene oh we ran the DNA through our
criminal database and he came up as the
match well he was already in the system
Finn had been in and out of the station
so many times he practically had a door
with his name on it okay when we got the
tip that he didn't spot it at a squat
you just happened to be driving by damn
shit just seems to fall on your left yes
Canadian yeah oh yeah mama bears got a
temper Oh watch out
Calvary okay you're not helping you
piece of shit I'm sorry detective but
your attitude is not helping yeah piss
off I'm sorry
last I checked this was my case and I
got my guy convicted okay so the fuck
are you to question my competency I'm a
district attorney are you finished
yeah district attorney uses fabrication
everyone up I think we've poured enough
salts and all our old wounds for one
night sergeant I think that about covers
it
or anything else we can help you with Oh
anything else thanks for hearing me out
do you have Adams forensics yes do you
have Adam Jones as forensics records as
irony the killer not from his death were
there samples taken when he was placed
in the orphanage yes most likely would
it be possible to pool those records and
run them against evidence found at the
trapars crime scene are you shitting me
you're wasting the time of this entire
division you understand that's all I got
a better idea we let that psycho die on
the table no he's not the Calvary stop
stop it we'll have mr. Hillery look into
it let's nobody find anything thank you
all right thank you guys for cooperating
all right so these guys are the division
that you know
all the crime scenes and investigated
this murder so that's why we
interviewing them hey great
oh I just wanted to say cover he's a
dick yeah don't worry about it
you were really helpful Oh friendly you
free tonight
Oh goodbye hmm should we ask it is she
free tonight what we're gonna go
drinking hey what are you doing tonight
I what I've got a huge stack of files at
my apartment not gonna be able to get
through it on my own
okay sure oh I can help you sighs he's
gone all right call me okay so I think
if I didn't defend her she wouldn't have
come she wouldn't have accepted my offer
okay so you see how the ripple effect
works now guys cuz I'm I defended her in
that room and called that guy the guy a
dick and say it wasn't helping so I
think she's friends with me now which is
nice oh we're in the apartment a rat
trap oh right yeah yep
found one at each of his crime scenes
yeah I remember the rest up calling
heart it's a calling no idea we managed
to keep it out of the press huh target
number one
Rupert Walsh the Undertaker Oh after he
killed him the trapper rigged shotgun to
the motel door and the officer got the
call took it in the chest Oh No opal but
messy not a guarantee he killed the
responder was there anything more on the
victim
he's the only one without a connection
to Las Palmas just a local gin hound you
can call it a dry run with a wet noodle
I guess that was his idea of some kind
of sick joke
yeah but then again if he's not the
trapper right god damn it damn it this
case is just the gift that keeps on
giving
Rickie do you want to take a break yeah
don't take a break oh shit okay so it
looks like for every murder the serial
killer is putting a bomb to the victim
and then also booby-trapping the place
so that the police officers also die
okay it's been hot asleep I'm sorry I
it's just this was all agent history
yeah
staring at these files again Finn's
execution coming up I don't know mm this
was five years ago it's been hard to
sleep with this shit just running
through my head all well the good news
is it'll all be over before you know it
yeah yeah yeah you're right you're right
you're right second target I'm a nasty
piece of work
oh this is the one that would beat the
kids till you couldn't recognize them
all you would hit the needs orderly at
Las Palmas a couple years before the
orphanage narcotics had a file on him a
mile wide oh but they couldn't get
anything to stick slippery son of a
bitch the trapper left his body in a
pitch-black room
whoa the light fixture was c4 rig the
light would see who showed up flip the
light switch and no he's definitely
elevating here I mean his first real
kill more sophisticated but he wasn't
satisfied oh he's just keep doing father
room in Skokie chaplain at Las Palmas
and the man behind the abuse Illinois
yeah allegedly the trapper knocked him
out cut him open and raped him up with
explosives to blow if he moved whoa we
got a tape of the whole thing a few days
later the sick fucker made romansky
kneel in prayer for hours confessing his
sin oh the beginning of the game when he
got what he wanted he called sergeant
teller did you know the other two
control
that was my precinct
whoa so all three of them and you a
first responder in the botched attempt
all from the third Precinct the murders
were in our district
how much did you know the other two I
mean how long did you know the other
first responders you have to know that I
didn't like much I got out of there as
soon as possible
whoa the first victims in each incident
were just a smokescreen and the real
target was the third Precinct Oh the
police officers so what she's saying is
that maybe like the police officers were
the main targets and they just kidnap
people as a distraction to get the
police officers in that district because
she's saying that the people that she
worked with are the people that died
okay that's interesting interesting yeah
yeah these three cops they weren't
exactly best at the boys in blue also
third Precinct had problems of chemical
variety they would tell you are using
yeah and then some
oh there was drugs because this never
came up in the investigation
I'm not anyways you might have something
yeah I do
what's with you and Calvary no there's a
guy who's got it coming huh you couldn't
even cut that tension with a chainsaw oh
yeah what was with the car for him he's
got a stick up his ass huh he says I
misplace evidence yeah because
apparently on the radio you know they
apparently she's a day cop all I ever
wanted was to get out of this shithole
and join the FBI
Oh lemon the FBI as soon as I finally
grow the stones to apply for training
guess what that piece of shit does know
yeah Calvary just had to stick his nose
in it oh you do he says that I misplaced
evidence oh no so that I never a full
blown inquiry yeah even when they come
up with nothing it's still an inquiry it
means not above suspicion and the FBI
doesn't want people who are not of us Oh
Oh hard luck Becky poor Becky
good luck
my father was a hero in the department
oh my first week on the beat he eats his
gun yeah that's hard his dad dad died
you ever heard the things they say about
me what every time I walk into a room I
can feel it
oh I'm a joke to have these people don't
want you it's not tripping there's no
use in denying it supposed to be crazy
right oh my father like that oh thank
you you're a good cop yeah
hey I'm sure everything's going to work
out everything's gonna work out gonna
catch this guy we're gonna catch this
guy okay we're gonna get justice for
Becky and I poor dad that bloody killed
himself oh man that's really sad oh shit
what now where are we now
State Park cabin um oh this is 125 at
the 1016 making entry oh no they said
that the killer's gonna strike again
they said that this is kind of the Finn
in jail said that the killer's gonna
strike again while he's in jail and this
is exactly what happens okay there's a
call out to a police officer he
investigates a house and then he ends up
dying
that's basis the police Ono's anyone
here is what's gonna happen it's what's
gonna happen oh no be careful dude oh
shit guys this looks scary
this looks so scary hello oh no don't
die watch out for booby traps what time
for the bloody boobies the boobies will
kill you dude the boobies boobies
boobies watch out for boobies oh no is a
guy dead in the bed he's got a bomb to
him watch out watch out watch out don't
put this oh okay talk to you guys I
thought that was what was gonna trigger
it sir sir can you hear me oh no is he
dead hello hello oh my god be careful be
careful
he exploded
Oh No
Oh No okay oh shit see exactly what
happen that we get a problem you got a
problem it does a car victims are caught
here I see I told you it happened it's
trying to put that together cock him and
live the body one showed up body
betrayed that's exactly what's happened
Trapster trapper style is exactly that's
how exactly how the trapper does it who
is it who Kahuku died police who how
it's Calvary Calvary no that doesn't
it's giving me shit swim to the mess
Becky Calvary the guys give me shit just
now he died he's now dead oh snap ah so
two people died a police officer added
some random dude man they put a bomb
under the pillow damn excuse me would
you please stay clear of my working here
thank you
it's office Lyman you piece of shit from
when we can piece together it seems like
calfy brought a prostitute Oh God
brought back here where you know track
her down only got a partial description
20s brunette great oh so y'all we put a
whole clip in that wall didn't hit one
thing only blood ears is and most
Montesinos all responder Oh
Tommy's body was rigged okay raps so
Calvary was in the guy in bed and the
officer wasn't a mother guy that died so
oh no nothing find more clues okay okay
I'm really I'm really bad at this guy's
cause it's so hard oh I found another
cup there okay so got that and then
we've got the bullet holes I'm running
out time running out time money had time
running out time
oh the painting the painting the paint
the paper painting I got it over all
three clues
yeah okay that's hard I do not like that
it's so hard that's a whole clip yeah if
someone cut his throat from behind why
would he fire this way and if they did
it from the front why would he miss oh
yeah that is weird why is that bullet
holes they're all no mountains right
it's really has really him it's the
trapper because he puts mouse trucks
everywhere and the painting what's with
the painting well why is that clue it's
an off-center uh-huh what is that
something telling oh shit
something found useful you didn't find
my belt no why do we find that later on
uh-huh I'm sorry but I had to ask you
this uh-oh where were you last night
oh no I was with I was I was with
thinking I was felicity yeah
I I spent the night the evening with
felicity graves going over files yeah
all night yeah I've got an alibi why you
trying to say I showed them what you
need to be very very careful while you
handle this why you got to make sure you
count all your whereabouts
Oh everyone knows how you and Cavalry
felt about each other
Tom you have to be careful you know I
think I could do something like this
listen to yourself using you oh no but
it's the first thing that pops up in
there yeah I can't blow up you know what
this looks like
be smart Oh confused or angry this is
the huh
no I don't want to say after you cuz he
is my partner this is insane
this isn't how this isn't happening man
wish it wasn't I hated that fucker but I
would never do something never leave you
you shouldn't have to believe me yeah
you prick my own partners and believe me
ah man accompli they died the guy
literally the guy shouting at me just
died oh no no no did he die did the
forensics guy die now oh he's a life I'm
not the bomb was set on end of part 1
whoa check the logbook fix yourself a
drink fix yourself a drink when you're
ready to move on ah shit okay guys I'm
gonna end the video there because that
is such a good cliffhanger we are going
to nail this serial killer and find out
who actually is the killer okay so as
soon as you reach 20,000 likes I'll
upload the next episode let's try and do
it today so I can upload it tomorrow
either way though think guys folks
watching and I'll see you in the next
video say the guys love you Baba
