hello everyone how is they were doing is
mr. selfie today we are gonna be
reacting to some more animations but
today we're going to be focusing on just
commercial animations alright now we're
gonna play a little bit of a game all
right we have to try and guess who the
advert was made for or our first
animation is called Jeff my name is Jeff
okay
we first start off looking at pictures
of some stupid ugly kid a talk from Jeff
Jeff had a curious and unshakeable love
jelly beans beck beats nest music stupid
Katy
he kind of looks like the kid from up no
not the kid from mark but like you know
what he looked like when he was young
anyway Heinz it's fine is it Heinz baked
beans it's just what the side brothers
are you trying to tell me that this Jeff
is the guy who invented baked beans head
of innovation why is he obsessed with
baked beans who grow what kind of kid
grows up obsessed with little beads but
anyway our beans on toast that's too
many beans okay you need to have us good
beans to a toast
ratio penny's mmm I hate to think about
this one I hate to create a big bean
that's so perfect that it'll blow
everyone's mind okay come on now this is
the most unrealistic realistic thing
ever
I was testing out cans exploded okay he
did all that scientific research to find
out the exact amount needed okay the one
though what was I say the one for one Oh
sexy cut this gets like up the top of
the Department of spaghetti he said
that's where she's quoting from oh damn
she is hot his ginger bands like Jager
oh and a bit of that girl he's like oh
 I gotta impress her with my luck
with baked beans that would prove might
approve my love for her seriously
okay they said that's kind of stupid it
looks beautiful okay but it's really
stupid the one for two oh he made a can
perfect for one now he speed one for two
oh look
got a bloody kissy oh yeah Jeff oh snap
it's got a pregnant girl twits oh snap
Jesus Christ Jeff okay you just met this
girl with a with some beans and now
you've got a pregnant okay alright now
what the kids all gonna be grown up the
one for all twin babies oh I still know
how this has anything to do with baked
beans and now they started the family
and everything
ah and they all growed up nothing what
they do even everywhere ah it's like
having kids man he's like now I gotta
create the perfect for my little baked
beans this adver is so stupid right now
he's using tweezers to see but one leg
meaning he's like I need a perfect about
who is that Oh yuck and it's like oh my
god that is the best thing ever in a
curious twist by inventing something for
everyone
ah Jeff found he had it all but it's
like he realized he had it all
okay the animation was really well made
but kind of stupid let's be honest all
right this next animation is called the
doll that chose to drive and it was made
by post 23 okay so we start off
in a stroll I think this is a Christmas
at Christmas and so many toys all my
love toys me go toys
oh the toys are coming alive ah that's
so cute
this girl stuck in a carriage oh oh the
girls look and I like Stacey
stop doing that your carriage oh no she
kicked the wheel oh no she has to go to
the boys area which is scary because
it's full of cause she's like oh the
trucks are like hey get out of it lady
we don't want we don't want your kind
over here okay there we'll chat her up
and cat corner one item it's an Audi
commercial of course it is
and howdy commercial right no oh yeah
I'm sure
while the tours of toys alive two women
are playing football why the guys the
guys are having a barbecue having a tea
boy like a a gender roles reversed kind
of thing
I don't know are they you got a pony
skateboarding
I don't know skateboarding I know this
manly and female one dog racing a car I
still don't know what this is
advertising to you I want to say howdy
well I don't know oh it's Hot Wheels Hot
Wheels it was the best thing ever
I mean Drive I thought that was
advertising yet I still don't know do
you
my guess is out because that's the only
brand I've seen oh no the stores turning
on
all
no back which I'd like another life oh
she's too late all the humans are coming
now
ah
Oh mark you know h2o different language
mommy can I have this they took any it's
like darling they don't go together do
they
Oh
playing just like driving shouldn't be a
matter of gender this is the Navi that
can be a myself with what the toy from
kam village what it wasn't it was a
agenda no it was Audi okay okay that's a
that's a very interesting one howdy
trying to push a message of you know a
gender equality you know which is what
we all should be doing you know what are
we having a movement about that sort of
thing okay if you want to be who you
wanna be
why should you care you know but still
howdy okay that's a very 2017 advert of
you I don't know why I was in different
language as well anyway let's move on I
like that advert that was really well
made this next animation is called the
last game now I think it's about
football but you know there's so many
companies involved with football which
company could it be okay Spain football
I love football okay so where are we
we're in Brazil I know that Rio de
Janeiro okay I know my football stars
Cristiano Ronaldo okay I know what do
you guys know probably not cuz you guys
probably don't watch football Oh
76% probability of missing the target Oh
reckless 50% chance of failure
wow this is not an acceptable way to
arrive at training even the greatest
players of our time make mistakes they
take too many risks after all they're
only human you and what if they weren't
what are they what is the future of
football whoa blue no flawless decision
making guarantee
results wall people do football just
change whoa perfect
this reminds me of The Incredibles Oh
was going off without our name up they
were all going off the Hopi but States
by robots and no one's watching
renowed oh he's like oh dios mio okay
football has changed so much and
Brazilian oh we need to bring back the
original that's what that's what's gonna
happen risk nothing perfect thing ah
copies the basketball the originals
you mean what are they doing and where
are they now yeah where are they oh yeah
copy
we're now those in the store should know
about this footballers that's so funny
cause the docs
I bet it's way loony yeah okay they're
over the gathering back and they're
gonna have like an epic football my why
are we all here
why are we here there to make a stand
to save football a football Wow that we
love is dying that I want they're
killing it killing must rise up so let
me just we all want to destroy the
clones but their own beatable lot on
agrees but you you can do it I'm not
mate I mean all of you together
remember what makes you great yeah I'm
not afraid to take risks yeah you play
like it's just a game they play like
this job you risk everything
whoa
one last guy danger them playing it safe
forever question is
baby advertisement okay this is crazy
I think it's Naik
oh my god oh my god it's just impossible
okay I'm pretty sure this is an 11 aside
game anymore or hey maybe much is so
quick selfie with him
this is so great oh now though too easy
Oh
that was so good that was like one of
the best like adverts commercials I have
ever seen I feel like you don't even
have to be a fan of football to love
that that is so good like that's the
kind of thing that I wish was a movie
okay if they made like a whole movie
based around that okay that would be
insanely cool okay why hasn't that been
done yet you got to admit Nike they do
some of the best adverts that is
probably the best animated adver I have
ever seen
all right this next animation is called
trying find the one again I don't know
what that means
okay triumphs presents is triumph or
brand and that I don't know
do you guys know triumph find the one
oh oh okay my first guess is that this
advert is like for female clothing or
something like that so that on you show
me a bloody
new life now the actually women oh ok
please don't go naked egg now again
little stupid baby okay alright that's
kind of a that was a very like directed
towards women kind of commercial you
know it's funny how some adverse are so
directed towards a certain audience like
you watch an advert like that and you're
like yeah clearly it's meant for like
older women you know that care about you
know go power and be a now that sassy
but yeah that was a really well-made
animation and they actually made another
animation so we might as well check it
out we test our secret Styles to get you
through the day tell it to only its with
the perfect fit for any mission there
are so many roles to play don't worry
darling
we'll find the one for every okay well
that animation was like kind of like in
The Incredibles yeah cuz that animation
kind of reminds me of the scene from
Incredibles when you meet Edna and
Edna's kind of showing you through her
lab you know that kind of it was kind of
like familiar like that did you guys
think so too
all right this next animation is called
where the roles that's all I'm gonna
tell you let's try and see we can guess
where it's from okay we first start off
oh guy is that he so tall this is like a
tall thing
he's too tall for his car oh man see I'm
like 511 so I'm just the perfect size in
my opinion okay I would hate to be too
tall but I mean it's pretty cool must be
cool no this kid seems alive but he's
like yeah oh wait you just grow is it
growing
okay well this guy isn't tall this guy's
like a bloody giant what's I don't
understand
wait what he actually is a giant okay oh
it's his wife I don't even know how that
works but let's don't ask any questions
anyway um oh he's meeting up with the
other Giants he's like yo what's up man
oh yeah why be grubbing so big I don't
understand oh come on English is this an
English rugby team at but like this
screw little guys growing more okay I'm
pretty sure this is unfair on the other
rugby team if they're this big okay and
now what they're all gonna go to the
stadium and play rugby
breaking news 20 new strides invade
London City
ah they were cheering I'm guessing this
was for like the Rugby World Cup a
couple of years ago because this is why
I know that that are they taller than
the plate just by a guy the blame funny
gal taking selfies this is so pretty I
swear to God okay there they go
unfairness is that I thought the other
thing would be Giants to make them
Giants make them Giants
it's an o2 ad of course because they're
probably like the sponsor of well
actually no they are the sponsor of the
English team because they've got Oh - on
their sheds ok guys hope we did enjoyed
that was me watching advertisement
animations ok as soon as we reach 20,000
likes I'll upload another reactant
animations video did you guys guess
where all the advertisements came from
you probably didn't don't lie to me you
piece of thank you guys so it's
watching I'll see you the next video ba
ba
