so much nostalgia I cannot even take it
on others oh my goodness
could this be the best Christian in the
whole of the history of man I think it
bloodiest
one
hello everyone how's everyone doing it
is master selfie today we are going to
become millionaires because we are going
to win Who Wants to Be a Millionaire now
back when I was a kid
this show was the most intense coolest
quiz show in the whole of TV let's play
let's play Chris Tarrant is that you you
sexy sexy man okay so we're playing the
British version okay I know you come
from a different country and I know
you've got a different host for your
show okay I don't care
Chris Tarrant okay it was like a dad to
me growing up okay I love that guy
single player okay we're gonna do a
warm-up okay cuz I can't have your name
can I have your net of course you can my
name today is four just choose your
contestant contestant some Scotsman
pockets sucks gonna be some loudmouth
girlfriend so I tell them I'm gonna be
uncaused to be a millionaire don't wanna
be his son this girl man the 7yz was
such a great year was this with his wit
contestants on the show
do we want some random woman this old
man very smart man who wants to be a
millionaire okay there's way too many
characters me to do voices on it let's
just pick the old lady shut up are you
aware are we ready to play we are ready
to play oh my god
this is it the toy
yeah
now everyone Yahoo it's this the one
bingo hall was the stupid granny talking
for why is she talking this is it
the first question 15 questions 1
million virtual pound ok some st.
virtual pounds I want to pretend like
it's a million pounds okay what name is
given to an important event or occasion
is it an inch stomp a foot stop a yard
stop or a milestone uh miles of course
it is you've got 100 pounds of course it
is I am pleased running take a look at
this for two hundred two hundred pounds
according to the saying a fool and his
water soon party wait what a fool and
his money are soon parted money it's
right you should get with your 13
questions away okay million all right
it's a long way away free her when we
win it's gonna be Liddy a breast cocky
young man oh I like the sound of a cocky
man cuz I like cook
granny stay away a brash cocky young man
is sometimes known as a wot Jim the boy
John the youth Jew the chap or Jack the
lad it's Jack the lad but you're right
for 300 pounds yeah I am please shut up
granny Pig a a much hundred pounds
now we're getting into serious money
what is Dalton where furniture jewelry
pottery or fabric I've no idea show use
a life like let's use 50/50 time to play
your 50/50 lifeline okay computer take
away two wrong answer two wrongs right
answer and the one remaining wrong Oh
Dalton where is either jewelry or
pottery victory you just won yourself
five hundred pounds okay the grave of
all who perished at sea is known as Davy
Jones's Locker I know that from bloody
spongebob he remembers Chris Tarrant I
picked B Locker
well done it is the we are one minimum
1000 pound beans whatever happens now
you can't lose that can't lose it okay
so if I fail you've got nothing to lose
nothing to lose this question Kenya has
a shoreline of which ocean the Atlantic
Ocean the Indian Ocean the Pacific Ocean
or the southern oh I can't speak today
Kenya is in the Africa Kenya in Africa
Oh God it is on the right side of Africa
now the right side Africa is the Indian
Ocean
you've just won 2,000 okay get ready to
play you are now just nine questions
away from a million whoa and you're
looking at some big games but remember
it's big losses - oh no what Tyler was a
leader of which historical movement okay
I have no idea where any of these things
off Chris Tarrant
I would like to phone a friend okay
let's get your friend Margaret on the
line Margaret Margaret pick up pick up
pick up Margaret des congr√®s speaking
mother no kritis it's okay what Tyler
was a leader of which historical
movement I know this one and it's see
its see Margaret seems to think is
blurry see the peasants revolt are you
absolutely sure I think so Chris you
just won 4000 pounds
that's how much money which profession
is featured in the TV drama rescue me
that's so is probably not on TV anymore
cuz this games about like ten years old
little old this show looks like I'm
supposed to know this body on earth in
2017 I'm gonna have to say it's the fire
service I did what happened to it and
there you've got 8,000 know so much
pressure it's question nine you're doing
great so far in creep play and get this
one wrong okay oh you're out of here
with just one thousand pounds I don't
want that who has not been a bit shop of
cat debris are Robert Runcie George
Carey Don Cochran or basil who ok
Archbishop of Canterbury is some
basically this holy man in England okay
none of you guys who are not English
probably won't know this answer
okay so here's all the bloody
Archbishop's of Canterbury Robert Runcie
was the archbishop in 1980 George Carey
was the archbishop in 1991 Donald Cogan
was the archbishop in 1974
so that means basil Hume was never
Archbishop of Canterbury it's fee oh my
goodness
sixteen thousand quid all right piss off
guys I know I'm keen all right you want
a million million pounds oh not walk
away with that money or try for 30 mm do
I want to do that guy son risk it all or
take my money at 16 assessed rien is an
inhabitant of which UK city okay I think
I do have three lives
so let's guess I must say I don't know
eh that's the wrong
No okay it's okay I've got two more
chances left of which country was
Hastings Banda the president from 1964
to knife or what the hell of us was that
what the ask me stuff about memes
okay something that I could actually you
know outside 2017 okay apparently he was
the the president of Malawi okay you let
me know guys you go tell your parents I
mean you had 16,000 pounds and had
you've now got twice as much only two
thousand my god oh my goodness we now
will definitely walk away with dirty
pool alright now it gets hard
the next question is worth sixty four
thousand sixty-three you might as well
play this one there is nothing to lose
okay
which country's national flag is a
square in shape as opposed to
rectangular or I know this one it is
Slovakia because that's three colors it
is a Slovenia because that is also three
colors and also I think it's got
something in the middle it's not Sweden
cuz that's a bloody X but Switzerland is
a square with a plus in the middle so
I'm going to look at this one but I
think it's Switzerland
2,000 pounds guaranteed okay but you've
just added to that and all your going
Steve 4,000 so smart
see that's a good question I could
answer that one oh no the music it just
gets scarier decide if you want to play
of course I'm gonna play you in India
the heir to the British throne uses
which do come as their title in Scotland
okay you know guys I still have one
lifeline asking the audience Chris
Tarrant I'm gonna ask the audience okay
you've made a choice to ask the audience
I have they're usually nearly right
sometimes oh they better be okay Court
is come on now that I need you to all
vote come on please give me the rygaards
answer B or C all both my god
look how close the voting is most people
get C but a lot of people guessed wrong
I have no idea guys so I'm gonna guess C
and there's no shame in winning 125,000
pounds oh my god 125 you could make it
a quarter I can't lose this money quest
Tarrant ok I'm trying to put my little
baby go to college okay this is going
straight I call it fun okay in 2006
Formula One Grand Prix season Christian
Dillon was the only driver from which
country I remember Grand Prix is
actually really popular in Switzerland
Denmark and the Netherlands but not
Austria so I think it was Austria new
history r1
twenty-five thousand no don't do this to
me and now now just won a quarter of a
million oh no not again
five hundred for the coronation of which
20th century monarch was delayed due to
him having a pending this season okay
how does am I supposed to bloody
get this question okay like I supposed
to know this bloody monarch okay
apparently it was Edward the five six
seven okay all right guys listen alright
you want to win this million pounds a
war I pissed off okay you guys don't
know the question I'm gonna go with C ed
with the seventh John Densmore and
Robbie Craig aware the drummer and
guitarist from with bitch band
I don't know this dumb oh I know
John Densmore he was in the band The
Doors I remember that just now it's like
it's like that information was just
bulleted in my head by looking towards
this screen no no I pressed the wrong
button
I'm sorry that's the wrong answer
it was a ok we are back we have two
questions left
which character utters the last line in
Shakespeare's Hamlet okay Brandon think
okay think about the time where you were
a little boy in school you were reading
Hamlet for your homework such a sight as
this becomes the field but he's so such
a Miss no bid the soldiers shoot and
that was said by Prince fourteen
approach that's it
it was Prince 14 a brass is that your
final answer
maybe Brandon please do not disappoint
me well he played brilliantly up till
now you had the guts to label yes a
million on the line I did and you've
just won five hundred thousand pounds we
really want to give you a whole and
complete millions yes and it's just one
correct answer away one correct answer
away man has been a tough game Chris
Tarrant okay on this all I would do if I
didn't have Google on my side off this
last question guys I promise to you I'm
not gonna use Google the water soluble
vitamin fried dock sign belongs to which
group vitamin A B C or D how am I
supposed to know what pride dock sign is
okay Brandon don't use Google just think
about this it's it's water soluble okay
that means you know things a me meenie
miney moe catch a titty by the toe okay
vitamin B the end of the line big
celebration
okay guys that was Who Wants to Be a
Millionaire I thought I'd play the
PlayStation 2 game but I just realized
yet if I'm playing an old game they're
gonna ask all the questions either way
though guys I hope you did enjoy I'm off
to go spend my million pounds Oh see you
in the next video
