hooker hello everyone how is everyone
doing damn you are looking super fan
tonight damn them I like what you do
with your hair looks looks nice it's
fancy
wait what you're you're ten years old or
what I'm doing is illegal
okay all right today ladies German we're
gonna be reacting to some love
animations okay because you know I'm
lonely okay and I want to find true love
you know but maybe these animations you
know will make me feel that there's some
hope alive okay anyway the first
animation is called invisible okay and
it was made by Michael to grow so and
Andrew Wilson okay apparently is
beautiful and so lovely and sweet let us
watch it oh damn is from Ringling
Ringling makes amazing animations
invisible okay we kept them love music
okay are you guys ready we got a dance
full of what is this but he lizards all
this lizards all alone he's got no one
to dance with okay
Oh sexy bloody lizard over there he's
like okay a bear look good okay gotta
make my move oh oh he's a chameleon oh
no he was so nervous that even turn
change color
no so now I know why it's called
invisible dance Oh
once he's asked him to dance with worms
ah she doesn't know he's there ah she
didn't read the sign eat up oh it's
pretty easy hello alright that unlucky
may be gone walk over oh no no he
stepped on my leg sorry she wouldn't
notice oh no oh no oh tail oh no some
guys gonna Oscar oh this guy's asking
her to dance oh he missed his chance
ah-ha this poor guy oh he's taking a
picture with her oh man
Oh what this guy's not so oh oh it's
just the cameraman
the lights are little B okay okay okay
close your mouth girl no wonder why no
one likes you it's like oh shit oh oh he
went invisible again
who takes a picture by themselves oh man
wait why don't you even go to the dance
it ain't got a date that's kinda sad
what she's expecting to find love at the
bloody dance
come on chameleon or she gonna show up
let you love this girl why is she so
embarrassed
oh no she's in the dance floor she's
gonna break Buster move uh-oh she's
nervous it was a girl Iran just
expecting her to just bust some crazy
moves no God
oh oh oh oh oh okay the other chameleon
starts him with her even though he's
invisible oh oh shit okay and she's like
so confused how she's just magically
floating oh it's gonna see it oh I mean
no kissy we did you just met no no kissy
but they're gonna dance ah this is so
adorable
she's making the vlog this adorable
thing ever oh the dogs in a way they're
just in love
how cute ah there's a love and a month
of clothing
they're so sweet now is the cutest
animation ever those stupid chameleons
was so cute
okay why can't I go to a dance and find
love okay I want to be like those
chameleons see let's be honest in real
life okay if I went up to a girl and
asked for a dance you're black I don't
wanna dance with you
gladly go away all right now for our
next animation is called love on the
balcony and it was made by cunt you Nick
and Joshua could run a Rouge on okay oh
another animation from Ringling okay
this is where the top-notch artists go
for animations okay we are in part Patty
France Oh gets him the LA part is this
old man Mario can't afford enough
sipping his coffee oh okay I love heart
hit this woman wait he didn't blow that
love heart did he oh oh she's blowing
exploding buddy kissy kissy - whoo kissy
- this dude oh they're having a bit of
like flirting going on just blowing
kisses everywhere his old man just get
stuck in the middle it's poor old man oh
how cute this guy is it it looks like
he's grumpy okay what's he doing now
bloody sending her bloody birds and
flowers and shit like that
okay his old man is so grumpy why so
grumpy
I think he's alone okay this is gonna be
me when I'm like 8 years old he's like
okay I know what this shit am I like oh
bloody boot on his head that's
disgusting man hey guys ever had bird
poo poo on you okay it's not as known a
nice feeling bloody food okay anyways
going over this go oh what a love crown
okay why they fluttered on the balcony
why don't you just go over her house ill
okay all right Oh what setting a now a
balloon
a Rick he's gonna bloody propulse oh
shit he trying to tell me this guy's
gonna propose through the balcony okay
all right I may I guess that's kind of
romantic oh oh wait wait what's he doing
he sees a ring oh dude
Mario that ring must accustom thousands
of pounds oh no she was expecting a
present from him and she didn't get it
now she's sad she thinks this guy don't
love me anymore
poor guy well that's what you get for
sending a bloody thousand-pound ring on
a balloon expecting it to just what make
it over there no I mean it's a sad okay
he stole the ring it's gonna make a lot
of money why did he steal the ring it's
so stupid
it's funny ah
is he gonna feel guilty up is gonna feel
guilty man what a great hotel I mean hum
I sad now he's like oh she what have I
done
I hope not them love okay by stealing
the ring oh man I feel bad about myself
what am I gonna do I'm a bad guy I'm a
bad guy okay I think you just stole the
ring because he was jealous you know
because he didn't have love okay it's
just some sad old man okay he's just
realized oh wait I could just return the
ring it's that easy
Oh so what's it gonna do get a balloon
again what was he gonna climb over or is
he gonna do the normal thing he's gonna
climb or isn't he dude you do realize
you could just walk next door to her
okay I guess it's gonna pretend that you
know he's giving it to her you know so
uh here there you go
knock on the door knock on the door okay
run away and now she's gonna find the
ring she's gonna be like
oh you wanna propose oh this is so sweet
I love this guy even though our
balconies but I love him
okay happily ever after
the old man has found that oh oh bloody
kiss they finally met up oh oh sexy ass
grab the old man Mario found love with
the bloody cranny or the sex animation
it's only a minute long it's called the
mermaids short and it was made by with
wishes all right we start off in a
bloody deep under sea
we've got a mermaid over here and she is
sad why is she sad because she's lonely
that's why oh oh and there you go just
on cue oh just music the love of her
life she's been waiting for this guy for
her whole life and there you go she's
just come out of nowhere is this gonna
end by him drowning dead dead
no just ignore okay this is romantic
look she's ready having a picnic on the
water playing frisbee but he missed
because he's on the water it cooking
steak on the water cuz fire can be on
the wall there's a puffer fish and
always being gnarly CPC kissy okay well
she's pregnant he's proposed okay this
is all a dream now isn't it yep oh she's
just gone check on it okay that's man oh
wait no don't do that cuz he's he's not
a mermaid - he's gonna drown go oh gosh
oh no he's gonna drive it's gonna drown
he's gonna drown it's gonna drown
oh oh oh she got angry or she's upset or
this poor sexy ass mermaid is upset
because because of this guy didn't wanna
fall in love with her ah well would you
expect he's not a bloody human what the
hell is this and man literally I don't
know what that means sharper down Google
Translate okay there you go at sea the
lifejacket saves your life wait you
kidding me this was meant to be a bloody
message telling people to use
lifejackets
okay alright oh well that's a funny one
I guess now the next animation again
comes from Ringling College of Art and
Design okay it's called Jinxy Jenkins
and lucky Lou okay it's by Mike BIM
majeure and Michelle Kwan okay all these
are students from them but all these
animations
okay apart from the mermaid one they
were made by students okay Ringling
College of Art and Design
oh man they make such good animations
okay all these students are so good okay
Jinxy Jenkins and lucky liu jinxi
Jenkins is that means he's jinxed and
she's lucky cuz she's luckily oh oh it's
raining and something fell this Edie ah
and for her it's go sunny secretary
steps outside okay so these guys gonna
fall in love or some some shit like that
the second he walks out oh oh this oh I
get it now she's lucky jump in the
puddle she could just newspaper dis just
so happens to come down alright she's
lucky and he's unlucky okay look just
getting jackpots everywhere while he's
just cracking mirrors
ah man she sprouted flours birds are
coming over
oh girl you better watch out bird my
book warned you okay oh no oh they're
gonna they're gonna crash it together
oh and this is it guys this is where
they've mary Fallin and love because
they realize that that meant for each
other because she's lucky and he's
unlucky and put together they're gonna
be the perfect couple
i splay scared of her look at her he's
like oh shit uh excuse me I gotta go
this going girl like me ah dude you
could have that girl was in love with
you speaki all the flowers die ah man
he could have fell in love with her she
got scratched on the hand that's the
first time that's happened because she's
so usually so lucky
Oh God to burn the ice cream oh no oh
she's gets it there goes now she's
getting some bad luck happening - uh oh
God okay they're gonna die oh my god
guys guys bullshit Oh guys she's like ah
man she got you God died because she's
so lucky man this guy's like oh shit I
haven't died I'm so used to nearly died
oh god she's like yeah this random girl
what you just met it's like yeah let's
kill ourselves
this is oncoming traffic she's like yeah
he's like no of course the traffic will
be by the way Oh God
but imagine that is crazy okay if this
happened in real life this would be
stupid pianos in the sky falling oh god
okay and then he died and now what
they're just walking on pianos okay you
know it's an animation not meant to be
realistic huh but look he's pretty
falling in love with her yeah he's like
realizing damn well just go paid all my
life for it
oh he's enjoying it ourselves and so is
he he's like oh God
oh god oh god oh god he's like yeah this
is when we die Oh grab the umbrella oh
god oh no you're not lucky enough to do
this Oh do you trust him Oh the second
she held his hand the umbrella made them
fly away because umbrellas can do that
don't try that at home
okay she's like ah this poor guy look
how bruised up is oh I scream they fell
in the ice cream truck remember oh how
cute is that ah now they just sitting
down and enjoying some ice cream best
friends
ah how the hell they're gonna get down
from from from that from that place okay
they're kind of screwed actually uh was
that love story I don't know but it kind
of was one you know now the next
animation was made by fan B we're a 1
okay and it's called miss pretty nose
okay now I don't think this is like a
professionally made one okay I think
it's a very amateur one but it looked
kind of good and kind of funny so let's
watch it okay so start off at a house
okay
this lady is getting ready to go out and
I don't know go on a date see some
friends I don't know oh here we go are
you ready for our first date I'm on the
way see you there
smiley face okay see you there okay oh
wait whoa wait did she just reply with
her voice even though it was a text
message what's she doing with this nose
uh-huh it's gonna put on a new nose it's
like that movie oh she's gonna put on a
new nose and pretend Ickes okay there
you go Brian oh okay
no one's gonna complain about our
ugly-ass piggy nose okay miss pretty
nose how sweet okay she's going on a
date and apparently it's Valentine's Day
photo gallery
did he meet this guy on tinder are you
Steven
oh sorry I'm late traffic was really bad
this dog I was what drunk I was stuck
oh shit down she's looking hot okay this
boy voice acting angry
oh okay yeah she's looking pretty well
that must be Linda nice to meet you oh
nice to meet exhale push it down okay
you hungry to keep you waiting wait
whatever my question are you hungry
I'm pretty sure this voice acting is
from like a little boy and a little girl
what you hungry
sorry to keep you waiting never mind
what a beautiful girl like you I will
wait for a life okay
okay I have a dinner with this creepy Oz
man what's so sweet we are talking on
the phone no I'm already in love with
you and it's like when I talk on the
phone with you I'm in love with you
please yell about so dots okay now
they're gonna slow down okay some
weirdos i dementia we shall we okay okay
is that amazing tonight as professional
as the ones we've seen but you know it's
quite well made I think just some one
kid made this okay and now let's not
dancing how romantic okay no this is
actually not bad okay you know it's just
because we've seen such good animations
you know we're spoiled but you know what
it's ain't bad up there gonna kiss now
they're gonna kiss and is the oh shit
sorry sorry man
and what now they're gonna be fallin
love ya
he's accepting her for who she is and
she's accepting this body okay it just
stops there ah FN like it's this magical
movie we just watched nah I'm kidding
okay like look directed by this one guy
and he wrote his name a million times
look for editor visual effect director
who just wrote its name a thousand times
I'm making fun eyes animation but no and
the serious note okay it was funny and
yeah it wasn't that bad alright now it's
time for a very lost love animation this
one's called
print your guy and it was made by team P
hua ji alright start off in apartment I
guessing it's gonna be a girl that she's
all alone in our apartment and she's
like what can I find love okay why does
nobody love me okay and then she's she's
gonna yeah
pride of our guy some shit that's what
that's where title is called
Marcis dreaming about love where she's
watching a movie so so there's a website
where you could print her boyfriend
waiting wha
okay it was with that in real life skit
okay that was pretty funny
clear the people who made this are
really got a sense of humor okay so
she's typed insensitive
so I'm guessing is she gonna get a
sensitive boy in the mail go well okay
got a package
hello oh god is that actually like human
he's a human or a robot oh it's a robot
oh she just turns him on oh snap oh and
now she's got a really sensitive guy I'm
how she's gonna fall in love with this
robot okay you gotta be honest right now
alright if the roles were reversed and a
man ordered some sexy ass girl in the
mail okay that would just be really
creepy and rid okay I'm just gonna point
that out all right so having dinner you
know he's being all sensitive and stuff
her dream guy okay oh god even a present
okay
presents a paper cut
wait whoa oh god how potent did he die
I don't know he's alive wait why is he
got paper cut he's a bloody robot okay
never mind that
ya can stop being a pussy and bloody eat
the dinner oh yeah
a fishy he's like this she's like oh
snap
there's something wrong with user guide
oh god what's he doing oh wait what is
it Squidward's house dad anyway you put
the fish in the bomb yeah the fish is
dead dude okay
no she had enough of that okay she's
gonna try again I'm guessing us what his
animations gonna be Oh a manly man now
oh you know who's gonna come in the mail
but this guy you know okay anyway um
yeah so open up your new package she's
excited
oh damn see why me she's just like she's
like damn this guy's got a nice ass too
okay so a nice manly man is this what
you want Oh picking her up he's like
yeah kissy kissy okay oh no he doesn't
kisses he just wants to do you know
bloody squads for some shit just spokes
on the floor okay
I thought these robots were made for
like romantic relationships okay why are
they so bad it way now
shucks her on the floor oh god what's he
doing are gonna drink the beer now gonna
watch the TV
this guy's meant to be for a
relationship he's just drinking all the
beer okay come on now a corm a demon
I like this okay don't burp and everyone
disgust then oh my what is with this
guy's popular oh my god that worked out
okay smash it up up yeah I love that
shit okay this website clearly is a
terrible website you know how about this
girl find you know a real man you know
oh okay I'll just try a cultured one
sure God should should be good right all
right so we got this dude who's very
cultured but they're also kind of boring
yeah he was a cultured man he's just
going on and on swung shut the hell up
telling about what's in a bloody carrot
talking to her while she's in the next
room on the toilet yeah you don't want
this guy I'm gonna turn that shit off
how about a cool one oh okay a cool last
boyfriend oh bloody Oh place some more
weight it's a cool guy smoking weed but
stupid is that what a cool guys oh shit
okay well yep just remember window how's
she gonna get a refund if she's throwing
her out the window okay never mind that
yeah you kind of screwed go oh oh
just gave up now she's just resorted to
seeing ice cream
just go outside and find yourself a
proper man okay what Sheila now could it
be perfect man that's what that's what
should you typed in oh she hooded a cow
oh oh this delivery man dropped a bloody
DVD and she's like oh you like this
movie okay I also like this movie
blanket casa is at Casa Blanca but a
different one
oh she's got all the seasons ah now
they're gonna have bloody talk and
bloody fall in love well there you go
all you need it what's the fight a
bloody real guys okay
no but seriously okay I wish I could
print off a girlfriend because you know
okay I won't finish that sentence okay
guys I'm gonna end the video here that
was me watching love animations I didn't
make a love animations video before if
you guys have much that go watch that
yeah I made a bunch of erecting to
animation videos okay if we reach 20,000
likes I will do another Rhett and
animations video okay either way those
guys watching and I'll see you in the
next video man so the guys love you
