Oh everyone how is everyone doing is
much a selfie today is going to be the
last ever video of reacting to
animations now the playlist just got
popped up okay if you haven't watched
any of the rekt and animations videos
and go watch them I've made a bunch but
this is probably gonna be the last one
because I've running out of animations
to react to
so the first animation is called jabu
okay and it was made by Nadia de Reese
okay at the animation school now the
animation school has made some really
sweet awesome animations before so I'm
expecting this one to be good oh it won
the silver medal were award at the New
York festival what the hell
really Oh God okay this must have been
really good best student film okay so a
student made this alright so we've got a
kid drawing a picture okay is this kid
when i dial something he's going to be
sad but okay alright so um okay first
things first
animations are really good Oh mum
picking up the lipstick okay look at
herself in the mirror oh god her
reflection is there moving okay kind of
creepy okay I think this is not like to
be a creepy animation okay to be sad
okay mum's going out see you later
mum oh what a nice we're a nice picture
kid too
okay I'm going out bye bye oh she's
taking off her ring wait what why should
I ring
she's getting picked up in a car no is
that a ghost
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait is that okay that sort of look
like his mum is a bloody hook up or gay
she oh he's just gonna throw the ring
little kid okay and this and his and his
son saw his mum getting the car anyway
anyway let's ignore it why is this ring
flippin out oh the ring time to a stop
Oh
okay all right now we're good happy
music and thoughts okay
okay sweet books kids look at them go
alright now it's trying to do alright it
was really sad but now this kids jumping
around being happy with the Stars the
bloody city is lighting up okay alright
I'm happy guys your house is this happy
birthday oh this in their house is it oh
it's someone else's house Oh is he sad
because he doesn't have a birthday party
like that oh you just gotta stop okay
this stars storming off okay I don't
trust this animation it's sad and dark
and scary and funny and happy and now
it's gone dark again what that star what
you doing
okay what does shit is that is that
demons is that the body goes together I
was in the car
oh my god it is there's like three
ghosts the ring wait there people wait
what the hell were they they look like
they were kid it's full half four is at
4 a.m. to mama
are he drew the pictures of the stars
the ring is his what
what happened guys
No
oh my god are you being serious right
now oh my god I was watching this and I
didn't even realize but oh my god what a
shock okay that was stalk okay all right
all right all right let me get this let
me get this straight
his mom was a prostitute okay an order
to make money she met up with some guy
and then she ended up getting and then
killed and now this this kid has got no
mother oh my god okay that's horrible
that is that is that's that's very dark
and very sad oh my oh my god the ghost
is back again oh shit now I just feel
sad but anyway our next activation is
called safe place okay I won't tell you
about anything about this one except it
was made by Angelus erotic
Dacus sorry I'm butchering your name
let's just watch it okay where it seems
happy and then it just like at the end
the like screw you it's not meant to be
happy okay like this one alright we've
got a bunch of toys is it is it is it
keep playing with his toys it looks like
it he's playing pirates it yargh win it
I'm gonna chop your face off oh I don't
remember a pirate attacking Superman
okay but uh oh okay well the pyro just
just died
okay this kid looks kind of sad Oh
oh no oh no this where it gets sad oh no
it's that his dad he's got a beer in his
hand
don't tell me he's like an alcoholic or
something
oh no he's sad oh no he's an alcoholic
look at him oh no oh no the kids no no
no you let what detail wrong there's a
there's a mark on the door did you see
that why is he angry taking this boat oh
it's hiding in the closet
Oh No see that just makes me even sad
you know child abuse is like the saddest
thing ever man
man I hope like I hope you guys I know
you guys are mostly gone okay but you
guys should know that chart B's is
horrible you know to anyone who's
experienced that sort of thing you know
absolutely horrible yeah do not do not
take your angers out on your own
children like what's the point you know
don't take your anger and ground anyone
in your own family you know there are as
better ways to deal with anger you know
talk about your feelings Jesus Christ
you know if you talked about your
feelings maybe you wouldn't feel angry
alright doesn't take doesn't take a
bloody rocket scientist to bloody get
that one or says next animation is
called happy birthday Luke and it was
made by yeah sheesh mystery now as far
as I'm concerned birthdays
maybe we happy and joyful bloody days
okay this is gonna bloody turn sad and
shit 19 he's 19 and he can outdrink oh
oh no it's just like a do not drink
drink responsibly
just apply the animation okay this guy's
just try 90 he's drinking alcohol
tickets entry okay Luke whatever your
name was you better stop drinking okay
oh no oh no he's drunk too much guys oh
oh no don't fight oh god getting dragged
away oh God
do not drink guys oh he wants to drop
drink drive
ah don't drink and drive he's just
turned 19 and he's drink driving you
know what's gonna happen you know it's
gonna happen he's falling asleep at the
wheel do you stupid are you stupid
oh no he didn't dice is paralyzed he
lost a foot now it's a 20th birthday
accidents involving drunk driving
account for more deaths or serious
injuries or of 19 year olds then what oh
my god okay yeah do not drink and drive
okay we're touching some very dark
topics today I feel like I'm like giving
so much advice today you know hook up
okay do not beat your children and do
not trick your driver what the hell's in
the next animation you could teach us
all right the sex animation is only like
50 seconds long okay but it looked kind
of funny and sad I don't know apparently
it's sad it's called daddy cool and it
was made by zou Hollett ma York looted
and come heal each other but I always
butcher their names okay but how can
this 52nd animation be sad I wonder
daddy cool all right so we've got a guy
this fat ass baby
he dropped this dummy oh okay
oh no okay wait wait oh my god okay is
alive he's got the dummy oh it's a baby
fell oh no don't tell me they're gonna
die
this doesn't look sad though it's kind
of funny oh okay
what this shit that what killed this
outside to save his life okay what the
hell is that sad or is that just did I
just did I really see that it's a what
now the next animation is called scarlet
okay and it was made by the studio NYC I
think that's New York City scarlet ah
the story about scarlet is it's sad
scarlet why you sad huh
it's College okay wake you up in bed
what was that some blue shit on the
screen what is that hello oh okay just
keep watching - shut up why scarlet sad
is the scarlet hey I don't know what
this is singing oh she doesn't never
like oh that's so sad oh she has got a
fake leg now oh that's kind of sad
now she's at school oh she's jealous of
the kids running
she can't swim in the pool she can't be
a ballerina school is so sad all she's
dreaming of being a ballerina
what happened to a lake Oh was she born
Oh Scarlett what is that I thought well
that is ah mom's like it's okay P you
know it's okay you could be a ballerina
oh she got my dress oh that's so cute
she could even become a ballerina now I
hope so
my first oh sorry first she only got one
leg oh she's trying oh that's sad
what is that I don't know what it is
she's trying oh she's learning oh that's
cute it's just ah she did it what is
this is this
okay she's now gonna go to the ballerina
recital is she gonna win them over oh
this guy's sad - why is he sad he's got
both of his legs
ah Skylar's gonna cheer him up he's like
yeah both my legs you're right scarlet
okay oh that's cute
what what was with the leg hope is being
able to see that there is light despite
all of the darkness that's true Thank
You Desmond Tutu Wow every year more
than 10,000 children in the US are
diagnosed with cancer
scarlet contra el cancers mission is to
bring attention care comfort and
solution to some of the suffering
surrounding this issue
so was it a cancer thing is that is that
it she lost her leg cause of cancer I
didn't know she had short hair so yeah I
guess it was about cancer Jesus Christ
okay another dark topic all right cancer
sucks man all right now it's time for
our very last animation and it's called
Cara by the PlayStation developer known
as Quantic Dream - the reason why I'm
showing you guys this is that this was
made seven years ago and I remember
watching this seven years ago and like
literally it nearly made me cry when I
watched it and it says here the
following footage is a prototype running
in real time on PlayStation 3 is a
concept only and is not taken from any
software title currently in development
now it says that but they are actually
making this into a video game and it's
called Detroit becoming human and it's
coming out next year that means it's
been in development for like eight years
but they've kept it super quiet and no
one really knows about it Sony Computer
Entertainment presents all right now I
haven't watched this in ages I found it
like the other day and I was like oh my
god I remember this this was amazing you
know and I'm so glad they're making this
to a game now is called Korra okay now I
don't want to spoil it I dunno what's
gonna happen now
it's about a robot a robot lady okay a
robot being pulled being put together
all right now you guys probably
wondering ridin star looks sad
this looks cool okay can you hear me Oh
can you hear me yes hello Cara I D PPC
eight nine seven five zero four C G's
can you move your head
can you look ahead Cara geez do you
think we'll ever get robots this bloody
your eyes now your eyes Jesus Christ
that that'll be cool is this difficult
and optical animation might still shot
this is made seven now give me your
initialization text initially I'm a
third generation a x400 Android oh I can
look after your house I'll be cooking Oh
mind the kids
oh I organize your appointments okay I
speak 300 languages and I'm entirely at
your disposal as a sexual partner
actually need to meet me or recharge me
I'm equipped with a Quantic battery that
makes me on tonnages for 173 years
hundred seventy-three years your loss
do you want to give me a name yeah yeah
Carla from now on your name is Carl yeah
I knew it it's what Lizabeth my name is
Cara my name is Cara authorization and
memorization guys I think she's gonna
become self-aware can you move your arms
wait did she just say she's a sex
partner okay just you know night okay
don't get any ideas guys I feel you
horny boys out there okay but damn I
wouldn't mind a sexual no no come on
this is problem connect okay so she's
beautiful so something in German German
nice Ben is 488 agony at soon - I see I
see
assistant went intimate sales partner no
wait just say I'm a sex partner in
German she's she's on all the way James
universe you know let's get herself
course we provide four vertices done
person in denouncing me Japanese okay
sing a Japanese
okay Brandon why is this multilingual
verbal expression checked okay take a
few steps man it's like being born for
the first time man I will never see the
day where we get robots this cool but
it's gonna happen
you know in like two hundred years you
know what's gonna happen damn
oh how what's that's disappearing
locomotion naked alright you're ready
for work honey
ready for what Oh what's going to happen
to me now oh wow reinitialize you and
send you to a store to be sold uh-oh
she's sold sold but I'm I used to be
merchandise right yeah yeah of course
your merchandise baby I mean you're a
computer with arms and legs and capable
of doing all sorts of things all sorts
of things and you're worth a fortune
oh you see it oh I thought you thought I
thought whoa whoa whoa you're a robot
what did you think would you think bitch
I mean Carl beside you thought what you
were you were you were human huh huh it
was a lie it was a lie head what is this
crap it's a lie for rails defective mom
Oh disassemble and check the required
components your disses
you're not supposed to think that sort
of snow you're not supposed to think at
all here you you must have a defective
piece or a software problem perfectly
fine
I answered all the tests correctly
didn't on your behavior is non-standard
please I'm begging you please don't
disassemble me sorry but defective
models have to be eliminated that's my
job if a client comes back with a
complaint I'm gonna have some explaining
promise she's scared
they stopped I want to live Oh begging
you oh she's crying this robot could
even cry what's he doing is he is he
gonna put her back together
and it's a scary thought you know the
idea of a robot for coming self-aware
he's putting her back together you can't
do that though you know she knows you
thought you know she's you know she's
just too small just ah damn okay well
hope you know what you're doing not just
growing hair and shit on the hand
watching this makes me so excited for
the game go and join the others go and
join the others
that's bad shouldn't have done that dude
shouldn't have done that
another
there she goes
I like our abstain line okay yes then I
wanna be trouble
no no trouble no funny business Thanks
it's okay
you just gonna let go with all the other
robots they don't self-aware
Oh God shoulda done now my god
my god what have I done what have I done
yeah whoa okay I wasn't really that sad
that time because I've seen it before
but it is kind of sad the idea of like
having the power to take someone's life
like that but the thing is it's a robot
it's not someone's life you know like
it's it's an ethical thing that like you
know we might have to start dealing with
like very soon
you know but we're far away from that
you know I'm not going to see that
you're probably not going to see that
your kids probably wanting to see robots
alright but yeah kind of makes you think
running in real time and position to
read an and now the thing is this was
made seven years ago and now a game
based around this is coming out next
year now if I've piqued you guys as
interest about that game I definitely
recommend you guys watch my series on
heavy rain it is made by those game
developers it's basically like a movie
video game okay it's such a good game
and it's my favorite let's play ever I
pretty sure like every like hardcore
myself fan has watched this series but
if you are new to the channel like you
have to watch this get serious if you
haven't seen heavy rain it's so good
it's basically like a movie I also
really have to recommend the game beyond
2 souls it was also made by the same
game developers this game also is so so
so good you know like I really miss
doing Let's Plays like this you know and
when that game does come out Detroit
becoming human I'm gonna do like a
massive let's play on it literally can't
wait okay guys I'm gonna end the video
here this is probably give me the last
reacting to animations video I do like
doing reaction videos though so I might
try different things in terms of
reactions but yeah please leave a like
if you enjoyed and want to see more
reaction videos and I'll see you in the
next video man so there the guys love
you Bob that
