hello everyone how was they were doing
as much as open today we are back yet
again with South Park and my bumhole
as fractured okay could someone like
give me some ointment or cream for the
shit so first things first guys so much
for the support in the series 15,000
likes I'll upload the next episode the
last episodes a bunch of stupid side
quests now I've got going the basement
oh the passwords changed scrambles oh
okay we can't do the super Craig movie
before the human kite Netflix series
guys that doesn't make any sense but
lord please have a seat okay but lord I
just wanted to let you know that we've
decided to let you have your own Netflix
series right after the Fastpass Fox
miniseries and the third Coon and
friends united movie congratulations
thanks it's not it what do you want new
kid I already let you do a class there's
nothing left to talk about
okay oh no no no no you are not going to
have three classes you think that just
because you have to live through your
dad fucking your mom or the sympathy in
the world don't you I'm sorry I didn't
mean to bring that it if you were going
to add another class what would it be
okay they're gonna give me another class
okay let's pick speedster because the
rest of them are shitty might piss our
Fast Pass but sure if you're gonna be
triple class and we have to change your
backstory it's pretty dumb no and in the
mirror you saw a kid who maybe was it
from his work I'm Lou you walked out and
saw two intruders an alien you're okay
we'll get to find out my new superpower
which is a speed star I don't care
take my quantum punch damn we weren't
expecting a superhero to live here oh
you don't scare us super hero you oh you
should be scared wall with this door now
whoa whoa time for my super sonic - and
whoa whoa that is speedy oh he was doing
a soupy but I just flushed one little
shit here's one more oh great one funny
is ready time for my ultimate alien took
me by the hand and led you into a dark
room Thank You alien and that's when you
saw that you're dead yes dad's just
having sexual mom yeah okay I get it boy
that is pretty tragic new kid I'm so
sorry
all right get back out there but lord I
will gladly do that all right cool
now let's go one of the Freedom House is
calling us out oh my god you're sure one
of the freedom pals wants to meet with
us yeah they said it was very urgent
oh yeah but the freedom house want to
talk to us yeah unless this is some kind
of trap Oh relax Coon friends I didn't
come to fight whoa toolshed what a dumb
name toolshed is a catchy cheer class
visionary architect and a buttfucking
trader just listen to me I understand
that the nuke it helped take my dad's
keys last night new kid I don't know why
you were looking out for my dad but I
owe you one oh you might be in the wrong
franchise but if you ever need help I'll
return the favor do you think the new
kid fucking cares about you you belong
to a loser zero income franchise that's
run by a douchebag in a wheelchair at
least he's not a fan of phone stealer oh
not him a kid me oh you call us losers
when the only way you can get a lead is
to steal it but where is dr. Timothy's
phone you guys need to stop
investigating the Chamber of Commerce
and leave it to the professionals uper
heroes Oh it just so happens mysterion
that we already have a connection with
Netflix no you don't yes we're just
about to get the human kite and Netflix
series off the ground so oh no who's
gonna read his mind to me no no no Jamie
stop it stop it honey are you trying to
read my mind they don't have a
connection to Netflix they know let's
get these pedophiles evil or to go dad
Oh Civil War true is just like the
movies how's he doing
to me oh my god Timmy what's he doing
he's employing the kids oh no now the
kids are gonna bloody attack me parsa's
ultimate ability i don't think i have
well here goes nothing so forth
travelling through the streets sorry
boys
what trouble if to the world oh my god
he's gonna change the speed of the world
whoa whoa whoa new kid my offer stands
I still owe you one and if you ever want
to be part of a real franchise just call
me PM right
you guys are DC comics we're Marvel so
you guys have Jack Snyder today you're
fucking me can we find this lost kitten
now I feel like we're wasting time
all right everyone my lord interrogated
classy and found out our next lead oh
that's a you store it here in town whoo
that can't be done why not ask you
because that you stored entrance is all
lava what yep there has to be a way to
get past it there is toolshed do shit
what's that donkey fucker have to do
with anything
bull shit has a device that clears lava
remember John what if and to shed said
that he owes the new kid a favor
whoa looks like you're gonna come in
handy again my lord Yeah right and I'm
gonna see mailto toolshed yo the new kid
is ready to have his favor returned
everyone else go home and get in bed
we meet at you store in tonight the
Phantom say nothing my ball goes
according to plan tool shed we'll meet
up with you later Oh be careful because
that is a two-faced backstabbing butt
sniffer butt sniffer let us change what
you are Norman outraged and pretend
everything's okay okay 1990 hey kiddo
listen I know we never talked about it
but your mother and I are very proud
punjabis night falls upon the town
slammy turd whoa only one thing can deal
with fat turds
but freedom bath hashtag but freedom
valves rustle to the bushes what oh my
goodness it's this guy I have to put our
petty differences aside there's
something happening to this city and it
needs to shed - shell follow me -
professor castle lair all right I don't
care just hate to move the lava this is
the home of mysterion he has a shortcut
to the north of town oh of course it's
Kenny's old home poor Kenny died now I
can show you tool sheds most mighty tool
the sand blaster that's sad that's the
force it generates it can clear nearly
any obstacle whoa even oh my god whoa
are we going oh no bums
sorry toolshed it's time for your
ultimate ability old Mike oh it's got a
screwdriver oh my god well well the
buttfucking trader actually showed up I
said I'd help the new kid not you losers
oh the new kid is a coon friend and Coon
friends work together do shit yeah let's
go we need to go you stole for some
reason I forgot the reason you make one
move out of nine and I'll shred you I'm
only here for the new kid fat ass
tonight we're sworn enemies again go to
Paris to get a penile it has been at
fuck French chicks
no oh no it's actual people this time do
I really gotta fight these guys okay
that's nice all right well I'll see you
in like ten years or whatever oh my god
it's actual people it's Mexican all
right give me a second again necesito I
you that oh my god oh oh yeah the one
where he goes in the sky and then and
then they didn't die okay well that was
kind of useless actually okay I got a
quesadilla you guys take the alley over
there hitting the roof okay let's go all
right fuck home of the thing buh-buh-bah
key parties go down hey super Craig wait
why would chaos like to wrap an entire
truck in a little bit of foil you guys
are concerned with the fuck is that
oh you were right about the Italian
restaurant new kid the owner is a part
of a new crime syndicate new crime
syndicate excuse me are you on Instagram
there's someone new in town he's
bringing all the crime families together
okay cool thank you back you guys do not
say anything we're not playing with her
Oh check out storage facility 50 60 new
Commodores in here take this take this a
bowl I think you're gonna need all the
help you can get I can call Cole girl
now so I guess now any fucking asshole
thinks they can be a super hero let's
just find scrambles and be done mumbles
you in here the hell is this
it's normal your butters are taking this
way too far
yeah time to teach you a lesson that
won't be as easy as you think fight this
bloody general disarray all right see
you guys in five minutes we're gonna go
chill for a bit you know
machines known as hmm what does she does
a Mexican in a Cana robot costume all
right okay yeah oh shit focus just
lovely machine
oh no no was going everywhere we should
make it oh my god super great super good
oh no no air compressor here no way I
can remove that lava oh no you and I
both know I've already - sorry code but
it looks like this was a one-way trip
what could me a simple man with a big
bomb do what are you doing Oh what are
you crazy do you know what kind of
firepower someone would need to make
that work shut the tube assassin cleared
away all the lava you guys gonna get
cast I gotta try and stabilize super
quick okay it's cute fuck with that you
asshole
it's an intra cardiac injection super
Craig I stabilized you what he was doing
right now fucking kill me now we can
clear love and whenever we want we make
a great team but lord thank you
I can hear cats you can hit oh my god
this cat where is it
well she's real high great shit there Oh
cat like that would go to the boss man
himself
now we gotta kill these shit okay well
let's defeat the meth heads
oh I love buying this game yay did I
mention qualify in this game I don't
surely skip any of the fight battles
right all right lost bomb dead we won we
beat the meds okay well we can has all
the crime families working together
okay Italians the Russians the
sixth-graders we just put the cat urine
in the drugs and alcohol right you don't
even do it for the money man
it's like it's like he wants more crime
in the streets we got to do this if they
tell us don't you get it what
oh definitely dead now
okay South Park is kind of kind of
screwed come on bug this isn't funny
anymore this is actually real danger
look at this shit absolute disgusting oh
my okay these are giant robot with
Mexicans one last fight great I love it
oh well come on is he dead
his health or zero guys oh no some more
bloody Mexicans and while wrapped in tin
foil oh shit okay alright and this is it
okay can I probably leave this mission
now this missions we got on for ages who
gave you the money to do all this what
is what you should I think we better get
him back to base let's take him to the
holding cell refresh the chaos is
reasoning what if the person paying
butters wasn't a kid yeah is that it
chaos were you paid by the disappearance
like the wind changes direction what but
he says there's a revolution coming and
the darkness of our own hearts will
bring about our undoing who's behind
this oh my god could it be no it's
impossible there's only one person I
know of who can disguise himself so
easily
who it's the same person who might have
a motive for tearing South Park apart No
Mitch Conner Mitch Conner who's that oh
no no no no no no no who's Nick Tanner
it's comments dumbass hand puppet at
first he disguised himself as Jennifer
Lopez who loves tacos and burritos when
his cover was blown he was arrested by
the police but escaped why would he want
to take down South Park and where would
he get all his money shut up it's not
Mitch that's cobbler it couldn't be
Mitch Conner Connor died in an oil rig
explosion in northern Alaska goddamn I'm
going to bed
everyone get back to your homes it's
getting late let's all reconvene
tomorrow after hmm okay guys I think I'm
gonna end the video there I think next
episode we're gonna find out who's
behind all this all who paid butters
there's a bunch of money to use the cat
pee for drugs okay guys I'll see you
next video okay bye bye
