oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
his measure selfie today is officially
Halloween now I want to do a super
spooky video on Halloween so today we're
only watching the scariest short films
you could find on YouTube the first one
we're gonna be watching is called he
dies at the end and it was made by
Damien McCarthy okay uh typing I hate
that guy back it's a man typing all
alone black and white
spooky right life is full of surprises
it is oh I'm scared already is this
bunch of pictures of him smiley face
badge oh how cute okay uh what's not
scary about this look what the hell what
the hell what does shit he was like wow
he dies at the end
that's what is called don't tell me he's
gonna die the end of this what some day
you will die to find out how click here
oh my god if that computer screen I
would not like that that's scary shit no
no don't click it he's gonna click it I
know I know how do I know cuz he buddy
dies at the end because the title told
me oh no be honest be honest
oh no oh he clicked are you alone oh no
a message pops up asking are you alone
he is alone is he gonna say yes oh no he
is yes oh oh is it dog there dog where
what yes
oh no is it quiet there if startled
would you scream oh my god
that's scary don't make me scream if you
screamed with someone here oh my god
they could head that you're basically
telling some guy to kill you are you
being honest oh no you're basically
saying are you alone you're basically
saying come kill me because no witnesses
are here Tom what was he doing oh no
he's gonna die at the end I just know it
are you happy Oh what
what's that noise it's like really full
of surprises that was said the computer
deploy on your desk real or fake oh my
god
how's he know about the plant have you
ever caught fish oh my god Leslie no I
never caught that fish - are you afraid
of dying oh my god I'm scared because I
heard that noise at the beginning are
you tired
what is that what was that noise at the
beginning Oh No
do you know the person standing behind
you
no no oh my god
detector to scare you oh my god yes it
did is this I'm gonna behind me are you
being honest oh good would you like to
know how you will die yeah that's the
whole point of me could get this stupid
survey god dammit hats popping up on the
computer time fright you die a fright
that's not a thing is it is it oh my god
oh my god okay I'm so sorry guys I did
not know it had a jump-scare oh my god
that was horrible I'm so sorry guys
oh shit what is that oh it's my chair I
thought it was oh he behind me oh man
that's horrible oh my god guys I am so
sorry I was not expecting that okay oh
Jesus Christ that was scary okay that
first one was super creepy but this next
one is called tuck me in and it was made
by a knocko F Road Oh okay let's watch
it Oh scary
well then I'm Alex Alex is your Python
go to bed what man don't talk this
stupid kid he's able okay this thing's
only a minute long
so what could it be Oh God
good night kid don't scare me now good
night good night
okay go to leave this kid okay I forgot
to the course bet sorry buddy oh no it's
a bloody monster no no no no no no no no
no no what but Jesus did he move oh my
god does - whoa that was awesome that
was so short but so awesome because
you're like which one is my real son
Jesus that was cool see I mean these
short films okay it takes a really good
short film just to like twist your mind
within just a minute okay that was
insanely cool boys national film was
made by drew day walked okay he's made a
bunch of short films but this one's
called bed fellows bedfellows okay let's
get spooky guys I hope you are watching
this with the lights off okay okay so
we've got a woman in bed all right it's
really poor quality I don't know why but
I think it's really old that's why okay
so we've got a husband and wife in
pictures alright wait did she have a
husband sleeping next to her I caught it
I don't see one oh happy family I'm
scared okay this is only like two
minutes long - Oh phone call hello
I hate phone calls in the middle of the
night it's the scariest shit ever no
scaredy Danny can you hand me my phone
Danny's pickup I'll just call you in the
morning okay hello hello don't go
things at the end I don't like that okay
all right that was really creepy okay
imagine sleeping next to someone and
then finding out that there's a monster
right there okay some of you guys
probably haven't experienced that you
know cuz you haven't slept there next
anyone but that that's spooky are all
right this next short film is called the
black hole and it was made by Phil
Samson and Ollie Williams the black hole
all right
I love these short films okay the tricks
with your mind just just only a couple
of minutes I could watch them like all
day okay so we've got a man at a printer
at work okay the typical scary
atmosphere because he's all alone huh
it's a black hole just like the title of
the bloody film what is this black hole
he's like that's not what I printed up
I'm trying to print off my account is he
all alone in this office I think he is
oh oh hey what
did he just put the cup in the hole wait
is it actually a black hole what what
noises oh my oh oh whoa he picked up
it's a hole it's a hole which you can
which you can put your hand in oh my god
when it's that leading to her that's
scary I do not like that now he's going
to the vending machine
oh wait does it is it a teleporting hole
or is it leading to something oh I think
it's just like a a teleporting hole he
just the first that comes with Minds
like free snacks Oh God
Oh No keep out he wants to know what's
in that secret room he's like yeah I
screw it okay I'm going in oh god what's
in the room spooky spooky oh it's a safe
is he gonna steal money he's gonna steal
money whoa that's so much money always
gonna be rate oh god how is this gonna
end scary
Oh God look how much money is grabbing
all no guys I think I know what's gonna
happen he's gonna be greedy no don't go
in No
he's trapped in the safe no way ah if
you were trapped in that safe guys
there's no way you would survive because
you would die of suffocation because
that that's a thick I'll say taint no
vent holes in that on nah man oh god
yeah that's what you get for being
greedy you little shit Iceland's next
short film is called a moon light man
and it was made by Danny Donohue okay
let's watch it the Moon Man spooky
spooky spooky I've really enjoyed this
short film so far okay these definitely
are willing to bet some of the best or
films on YouTube okay because they're
short and spooky oh my god what the hell
okay okay all right
just a woman casually walking down the
street sees that man okay let's be
honest if you saw a man at that you
would just like casually walk off okay
you would be out of there okay okay who
you are
do you see something something weird
what the shit shit great now they're
gone you stupid stupid girl
okay she lose the keys oh man see now
she deserves to die now I don't care if
she lives or dies cuz she deserves to
die oh my god oh yeah just getting a car
get the ball up the door lock the door
okay okay okay
yeah cooled the poopoo okay she wasn't
doing any one I've on there she was just
like tapping but nothing happening
call someone call the police
okay oh she lost her phone now this goes
I know this cuz absolutely useless come
on grab your phone oh boy he's coming
he's coming he's coming
oh god she's gonna die you just know
she's gonna die
she's gonna die Oh Scott flashlights you
know what if I was her I would just like
you know try and beat the shit out of it
all right well is he just a man okay
come on
find him find him fight him come on if
he's Dave just tap him in the head
easy easy easy
oh oh
akiza de uh-huh sure how they end up
there I don't know was that the boot oh
no he's in the boot he's in the he's on
the boat
are you serious
whoa okay that was pretty cool I kind of
liked that he were he went in the boot
wither Oh God okay that gave me kind of
like goosebumps I'm not sure of you if
he gave you guys goosebumps too but yeah
that was really well-made boys this next
door film is called mama now I think
this is actually like a clip from the
film but some people say it's a short
film so I'm including it anyway all
right a little girl sleeping okay
scary oh so far uh-oh Oh how's that what
the hell is that is that why it is a
person and they walking backwards oh
they fell I think that was a little girl
is it for doing a wake up we have to go
mum is happy
what do it Mama's back you scared of mum
she's back from way what why is it scary
uh-oh guys this this this shorts called
mama okay what the hell is a fishbowl
she's bringing a stupid fish but leave a
fish okay the fish is gonna die anyway
okay
all right why is mum scary and why are
they scared of mum where is mama back
from I don't know okay this this is only
a couple of minutes long we're gonna
find out what oh my god oh that's a
scary shot don't spook don't don't don't
pop out okay I was expecting a jump
scare there okay it's okay
just just leave alright just get away
for a month I don't know what mom has
done but just get away from okay
alrighty no she's evil she's evil don't
go goes just leave the fish okay
screw the fish
Oh God something's gonna happen guys
doors locked
oh oh oh that's creepy Oriole
oh no Lilly look they're talking to you
oh no no no no no no no no mom's gonna
come mom's gonna go
oh my god okay that's freaky all that
walking is just aa that gives me so
goosebumps oh my god oh this spooky man
this has got being such a good Halloween
mood oh man uh gives me the shivers
gives me the shilly chilly willy sources
next short film is based on a creepy
pasta okay it's called white with red
and it was made by Brandon Christiansen
all right
we start at night of course okay at the
Aloha motel they have free pretzels okay
hello oh okay can I get a room please
sir sir hello you that so pleased that
come on man can I get a room please
every 42 e4a do we even okay all right
thank you nice guy's creepy I hope he's
on the buddy murder I will room number
thank you very much room number 12 hey
wait a minute oh yeah
I love this room oh no no don't win it
don't go in yeah why would I even do
that that's not even my room oh shit he
shouldn't have said that to him was
stupid man okay he probably should even
said don't even look in the room huh
rule number 13 unlucky 13 that seems
like an unlucky number
okay put your briefcase down open the
door
is something gonna spook in my number 12
huh wait he didn't pick up his briefcase
wait what if you guys know is that okay
anyway doesn't matter his need colds all
right just just go to bed all right okay
well why did the guy say don't go in the
room next door that's really creepy
right Oh God
wait what is it well what was that we're
not coming from outside is it next door
that make is making that noise oh no
that's the one thing you said not to do
is go in there the TV's on is someone in
there yeah oh you guys saw that right
oh the next day okay
that was creepy okay he's just gonna
leave now he's just like well that was a
good night dude if I saw that I went
stay in that motel okay I wouldn't ever
to sleep oh god he's gonna check again
oh don't talk again oh no it's just cuz
it's daylight does it mean you're not
gonna die dude oh what's that
what the hell was that did they put
something in for another door are we
gonna try now check it out yeah this
guy's creepy man if he's gonna ask you
know yeah what's in the UH the old room
over there yeah I don't get it didn't
want me to see you looked in you uh-uh
no all right I'll tell you the story
oshi business time ago a man murdered
his wife in that room on their wedding
night what but these people weren't
ordinary
okay no their bodies was completely
white all over white except for their
eyes their eyes they had horrible red
eyes red eyes white people with red eyes
it's an eye
okay see I think most creepypastas are
like that you know they're not exactly
like spooky in like scary but like it
makes you think like whoa that's kind of
it's kind of cool you know now that was
really well made though like kudos to
this guy Brandon that was really great
or it's now this next short film wasn't
actually meant to be a short film
apparently was meant to be like for a
commercial but it was too scary so like
they made it into a short film anyway
it's very weird and creepy okay I'm kind
of scared
now how you feeling oh god what is the
arcane if you're well we're not really
getting anywhere
it's just going bad that is creepy what
is that you see over there what do you
see there Johnny Johnny his name's
Johnny mama saying mama what's this
about my mother
God you want moment to come in what is
that
don't breathe like that make you feel
really strange watching oh my god okay
this is weird
what the hell was that oh it's lights oh
my god Rajani oh god
oh shit what the hell's that in a dog oh
my god okay this is very creepy
Oh doggy hello oh this is the dog with
him
I don't know that guy's I've no idea
what's going on kind of scared what the
hell is this dog doing this like Oh God
is that him
oh my god this dogs like oh I'm stuck in
the room with this guy why is he naked
okay he's got a big-ass head
Hey
okay you know what I can't watch that
one has kind of messed up okay okay I
don't know about you but I'm pretty
spooked okay so I'm gonna in the video
here
alright now leave a like okay if you
like this scary video so great I I
didn't spend a lot of time trying to
find these short films okay I think all
of them been great and yeah fake guys
stops watching hope you have a great
Halloween or whenever you're watching
this and yeah see you in the next video
ba-ba-boom sorry had to scare you one
last time
