whoo hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is necessary and today let's
German we are acting - it's getting a
red state now another title the video
sounds pretty stupid alright kids
getting arrested okay but for some
reason this happens from time to time ok
kids they get too mouthy when it comes
to police all right and they end up
getting arrested even though legally
like a kid can't get arrested and go to
jail but sometimes police don't know how
to handle situations all right and they
just you know pretend like they're a big
man all right and they just go arrest
some poor kid ok so yeah that's that's
what we're watching today who who woulda
thought yeah what we were been watching
kids get arrested today definitely not
me well actually definitely me because I
was the one who found these clips
alright so for this first video a little
bit of context alright this kid stole a
candy bar alright so this guy's dad
we've got the police Oh policeman over
to pretend to arrest him ok you guys go
to watch his reaction okay alright he's
walking through the door with the
policeman
me man this kid stole a candy bar I mean
I get it you're I you want to scare this
kid straight all right stealing is wrong
all right and if you stop stealing as a
kid you're gonna start stealing when
you're in handle all right but come on
now this all right is pleading for its
mum and dad all right
I would like okay boy you stole a candy
bar feel at this point and he's
screaming for mother to say sorry all
right I remember my parents would scare
the shit out of me of the idea of me
going to jail all right jails a scary
place all right and that's a kid that's
like the scariest thing ever
so yeah I can understand why this kids
getting scared all right he's actually
believing there's gonna get arrested
this poor kid all right
the best parenting in the world but you
know we all raise our kids differently I
suppose oh okay
is this kid getting arrested oh what's
going his car I'm videotaping everything
are we what's take him back to his house
no do they get it
whoa did you get away or do they give
him
I think they got in guys oh my goodness
I hate the worst thing to do is to
resist arrest because I think that's
pretty much a crime in itself then again
why is the policeman harassing this
little boy anyway this is why I hate
about policemen all right just just just
just leave these kids alone you're
starting a crime I had nothing okay just
leave this poor kid alone all right and
so what if you want to take him home all
right just just just let him do his own
thing he just okay whatever whatever but
yeah this kids an idiot
do not resist arrest
okay because you know you don't know
what the hell's gonna happen I did this
guy's got a gun this police man's got a
gun he could he could end your life or I
don't do anything stupid okay so we've
got some kids skateboarding on there bin
and they've built like a little ramp all
right and this dad comes over okay is it
really much of a big deal that they're
just skateboarding in this random Parker
this might not understand about some
adults all right if you see something
that just some kids playing and playing
the skateboards they're not harming
anyone just let them play why are you
gonna harass them and be like oh I'm
gonna call the cops on you you can't
just leave the poor kids alone all right
Jesus okay so he grabs the ramp
oh he's gonna call the Sheriff's
Department
all right kids are so stupid no oh here
he goes now is calling the police
oh the policemen here now you can't
skateboard here okay you take your
skateboards and get off of this property
jeez okay now let's do it adios just do
it all of you Oh
just go okay stupid policeman he's
trying to make an example of this kid to
these other kids all right this
policeman is using his power as the
policeman to make himself look like a
man in front of all of his friends and
make him make it look like a silly idiot
actually put him in the car as well
that's so mean I also want to join them
oh no no mean Jesus all right some
policeman all right they actually annoy
the hell out of me
yeah she wants his ID officer where they
do wrong
right on the sidewalk oh he was riding
his bike on the sidewalk and then now
this woman is harassing me harassing him
I know I know you should really be
riding your bike on the sidewalk but
what's the harm than just saying hey
excuse me don't run the side that's
illegal and this let him go home you
know why you got a harassing and watch
watch how this will escalate I just know
it Martinez she's tiny
oh she's losing and she's losing control
of the situation
this is what happens oh here we go okay
okay okay okay let her know traction by
you saying don't touch me I really don't
think she's gonna listen okay because
she's a police officer you know she can
touch you if she wants to but you know
by you say by you like resisting I feel
like it's just making the situation
worse all right I feel like it's partly
to blame all right just cooperate with
police and they'll cooperate back but
when you don't cooperate police confirm
to rule like assholes oh no oh god don't
do that oh god do not do that as a
police officer do not do that with a
peace officer
no just just police I'm just riding his
bike we didn't expect to get stopped by
the police it was trying to go home that
situation is just totally stupid all
right I'm just totally avoidable - you
know like I don't why the police men I'm
police women you know in this instance
her ass just random people come on now
it like I like I said before all right
this policewoman she wants to just flex
her power because she's the police
person all right and like like was it
really necessary to stop this guy you
basically made a crime a nothing all
right
it's just just pointless all right I
feel like you know policing in America
is very weird in some cases but not all
policemen a lot I like that you know so
most of them are nice you know oh okay
so we got some little gates who were
throwing rocks and now the policeman oh
yeah the red bull in his pocket no was
this kid stealing I bet he was honestly
he's throwing rocks at windows he's the
kind of kid that would steal - do you
think I'm talking to you why else do you
think I'm talking to you why we one of
the reason might have been here trying
to contact you yeah
I have a dollar oh wait on this I'm just
okay well let's set that over here and
then you can buy that later
all these kids associated as a kid you
are so terrified of police you know just
one helper you guys don't have anything
else on you do you oh you have any
weapons or anything why it's not just
coincidence store and I thought okay
there's something else that happened
Oh in this parking lot and people saw
you do it to explain to me what was
going on and be honest okay so do P one
person saw you described you to it to a
perfectiy throwing stuff throwing rocks
through the window and you're telling me
that they're lying and I should believe
you right this one knows that they
caught these kids on camera throwing
rocks all right
the worst thing you can do is lie okay
all right that's the stuff one thing
police hate more than anything all right
if you lie to a police from police
person you're gonna get in more trouble
than you originally wild man and I
should believe you right yeah just own
up just say you do this oh no it's going
good
yeah you said you talked to the officer
on the side within two seconds he's
already right now this poor friend rest
in peace to his poor friend man what a
soup or a snitch man bad kids man that
no snitch on anyone all right they just
want to get out of trouble all right so
you Shawn throw the rafter than when I
was two and he broke them oh I did
I do this stuff a lot arrested I'm gonna
watch your videotapes anyway and we're
gonna see what's going on if you guys
are truthful that I'd help you out but
come sit down over here I ran out his
friend he's still in drop but you never
been to jail before I have people saying
that you're breaking windows I got you
here I have videotape I'm gonna go over
there and I'm gonna put all of them on
this be honest with me how about you
have you been in trouble for before oh
yeah I mean your sleeves are you mom's
coming up yeah your mom's coming to pick
you up kid man Jesus Christ yeah guys
all right as a kid you can't be going
and like doing mischievous stuff man
like is not setting yourself up for a
good life you know like if you start
stealing at a young age you are
definitely gonna do it when you're old
and when you're older you're way more
likely to get caught and the
repercussions of stealing as an adult is
way more serious okay so yeah these kids
all right just just just a dumb all
right like they're on a wrong path all
right they need they think it's a proper
parenting you know I'm saying okay let's
go and I'm the video there that was me
reacting to kids getting arrested I
don't know where I'm coming up with all
these ideas from honestly if you keep
watching and then I'll keep making it
honestly in the hole thank you guys so
much watching and I'll see you in the
next video buh-bye
