who everyone how is everyone doing is
much a selfie today we are back with
South Park and my bumhole
cracked so if you guys are enjoying the
series leave a like as soon as you reach
15,000 likes I'll upload the next
episode bye what are we doing that huh
hello what have you found super Craig
nice mode has a bunch of notes in it
something about a girl who has
information about all the criminal
activity in town mm-hmm it just says
spied the girl with the dick tattoo the
freedom pals must think she's the key to
finding the missing cat why do we care
about this missing cat if the freedom
house fight her before we do they'll get
the hundred dollar reward
we cannot behind the door that's why
then we have to find the girl with that
tattoo tonight we all have to sneak out
of our houses tonight through the entire
town whoa what do you say new kid are
you up for it yeah we're gonna sneak out
of our house and let it find the girl
with a dick anyway oh he's had a tough
life when he was six years old his dad
fucked his man stop saying that Jesus
Christ that doesn't make any sense how
could the person you trust do that to
the only other person you love
everyone's dad fucked everyone's mom
that's how it works stupid our dad so
does that mean your dad fucked your mom
cam yes that's why I'm here every human
alive on earth I'm going to let you be a
sidekick tonight to one of the Coon
friends mmm go home and sneak out after
your parents are asleep I'll fill you in
later
oh we're sneaking out a costume what the
hell whoa what are you doing even
talking to the school counselor the
phone have you lost your fucking mind
our child felt the need to go talk to
the school counselor doesn't that bother
you at all yes I said she's a girl
whoa dumb bitch you're ruin everything
i'ma go Oh gonna get ready for bed okay
on the table if you want it Punk but
then straight to bed okay pothead
Jesus Christ my mom and dad have issues
okay let us now go to bed
eat my dinner oh he's eating dinner
alone
it's so sad time for sleep sweetie I
just want you to know that whatever
happens mommy always loved you oh wait
loved you okay signor but unfortunately
for the creeps the other thing that
comes out at night is it cage we're
gonna sneak out of our house I'm so
excited
night force escaped your house as I
transform into that guy superhero guy
what's gonna involve the superhero
pothole okay okay mom and dad could
catch me at any second oh no what's
happened
I think someone's ransacked our house
quickly grab the key we snuck in the
other house oh no captain diabetes we're
supposed to go investigate a girl who
might know the location I'm gonna make
you follow me oh great I'm gonna be
stuck with Captain diabetes for all this
time I'm fine to drive
let's take the shortcut through you okay
I'm Stan thank you Scott are we gonna
zipline through a shortcut Oh should we
are oh this is cause like a secret
mission at night why is it so many
people drop bullshit
Oh scary oh no we should get apple juice
he's gonna activate his diabetic rage oh
shit
Jesus Christ let's pull everywhere now
are we going to oh no we're going to a
strip club okay well this is surely
gonna go down well be warded over
but I am 21 there must be a way we must
sneak inside the strip club in somewhere
that's why just said you stupid hos
gonna activate his diabetic page again
crazy man okay I guess we're going to
the strip club head look goodness sake
okay so we're looking for a girl with a
dick tattoo so this should be fun Oh God
okay um this is fine no oh no you take
the one with the speech impaired that's
some great dancing that skull no talking
until you finished grinding on our jobs
lap dance minigame I just fired on it
but goodness sake oh no oh no what am i
doing what am i doing what am i doing oh
no I just fought in his face yeah classy
that's her day yeah
classy with an eye and a little dick
that hangs off the seat go away oh great
we're gonna have to fight these guys
what is this game okay they're all dead
okay I've beat up the guys okay Jesus
Christ this game just gets weirder and
weirder okay we need to find a way to
distract he can incarnate
okay okay because they gotta make a gin
and tonic do I fall
what is this Booker's and come okay I
got to add that to the drink oh I found
rat shit and now we have it yeah cuz
that's disgusting
oh okay weed to get the hell out of
there man oh it's all the girls in the
backstage hey girls just passi oh no
grey we're gonna beat up these strippers
now this game is definitely a lot wetter
than the last one yeah take that you fat
stripper
Oh No she's buddy left we have to go
quick quickly captain diabetes use your
special attack what oh he's having sugar
that's the one thing to have oh my god I
think I killed up oh you little bastards
don't fuck up okay here comes the queen
of it spontaneous bootleg oh no a lot of
it avoid spontaneous booty booty is
coming with a big practical advice oh no
shit oh oh no oh oh guys guys
oh yes we won't you stupid waiter I
swear to God oh no the class is getting
away get that stupid hole okay why are
we chasing again I forgot
oh no they think we're the cops which is
some kids uses diabetic brains yeah you
drink apple juice and that will give you
yeah the Cubbies kind of died no no okay
you know what makes my fart super bed
and
TechSmith morgan freeman press space to
eat the internet or in Torito caputo
what happened oh my god I unlocked it
the time plot glitch now in italiano
restaurant we gotta go to girl no we
were busy syncing our watches no we were
looking at menus because Cartman made us
order food we would have seen her go out
the front door
yeah what's you go call us if you need
help we're gonna be waiting for you with
our breadsticks Owen breadsticks - okay
we're gonna fight the the cooks the
Italian chefs I'll spray quickly Coon
use a cool lunch that was cool it's time
to cancel an enemy's turn your turn is
now property of tuna fish
I mean what the hell just happened or it
is time to check out the cool special
ultimate ability whoa the movie was cool
I think all right yeah I beat the chest
maybe trigger my diabetic rage all right
then go break it then I need you to
fight over the fought off bloody face
sure Oh God oh no it was he's angry Oh
Jesus Christ he's strong Oh God why is
that cats in the back oh my god are they
cooking the cats that explains the
missing cats guys they're all locked up
in here
you led them here you stupid bitch these
kids are cops
that ain't no cop that's captain
diabetes wait how does he know we're him
they aren't cops then we can shoot him
along with this bitch too Oh No
let's see your diabetes save you now oh
shit we say oh my god oh god oh god
Randy go Jesus Christ oh shit red wine
shrunk Randy great I love to fighting
this game no no please please let me
have more fine balance me let's check
out human kites ultimate attack oh my
god yeah all the way to the sky
I killed Randy all right I'm gonna take
a cab yeah I defeated red wines from
grandi where it scrambles we need this
reward money for our superhero franchise
you know what I'm saying it's like I got
one investment in this world and that's
my pussy up trying to make mo money off
crime is she okay okay yeah yeah can we
just focus on fighting this cops okay
that's this little asian freak named
Jackie Baba some shit like that he going
around all these little sixth graders to
take people's cast that's fucked up yeah
where do the cat go I ain't saying shit
until I know I'm saying oh god damn it
Eric Cartman oh yeah you have any idea
what time it is Oh mom not now we're
seriously onto something
you kids all get home now or I'm calling
your parents okay take her to your house
okay okay okay guys I think I'm gonna
end the video there so we do have a lead
on the missing cat I think that's the
main storyline for this game as soon as
we've reached 15,000 likes a lot Lola
next episode they gasp off us watching
see you the next video bah bah
