hello everyone how is everyone doing as
much as okay today we are back yet again
with South Park and the fractured bottle
so thank you guys so much for the
support in the first video as soon as we
reach 20,000 likes I'm gonna upload the
next episode last episode we helped out
Kyle and Craig and now I don't know what
we're doing are you who am I
I'm Brandon hello to the cool all right
we are here hello
being a superhero is a little harder
than you thought huh it's okay you
totally suck but I can't help but feel
sorry for you because your dad fucked
your mom and your each other I'm gonna
teach you about artifacts okay you see
most superheroes augment their abilities
with specialized oh this is like a
tutorial it's a strength the trick is to
equip them into your artifact sluts okay
Cartman give me a pitcher spin out and
now let's defeat the sixth-graders wait
Oh Klaus travel coffins house is pretty
the missing kitty have the sixth-graders
found the lost kitty oh it's just that
kitty in the tree yeah oh no the
fighting begins oh I've got them now
that's going to leave some scars leave
some scars house oh no oh no he's got
the water balloon the water balloons
Willie use your laser eye attack all
allies closed and healed
whoa I can use a finger okay yeah okay
that was pretty bad he can help you out
okay okay
oh don't I'm gonna beat up the girls
we're gonna be up the girls all know
they're chopping mosquito by kissing him
am I really gonna be up the girls Oh God
okay I guess I am
oh no sorry go you're gonna die I can
use mosquito oh my god oh my god oh my
god
Jesus Christ that was a big attack I
beat up the girls I'm not sure if I
should be celebrating that
tonight yeah time forever in your debt
but here oh yeah I don't know what my
kryptonite is you can't be a superhero
without something that you're powerless
against let's make my kryptonite the old
people yeah all people can be so gross
with their wrinkles and wisdom okay yeah
sure good night unless old people are
power sources ain't Norway what okay bye
mosquito mosquito has been unlocked as a
combat buddy
oh yeah okay I have a mission meet
father maxi in the church okay
well hello new child no father South
Park is sliding into moral decline
someone's stealing our cats do you see
yourself as a good person uh yeah I
think so
well I can understand the confusion
there comes a time when we need to
choose our path okay well you find Jesus
and take the righteous path or maybe
you'll walk the middle way oh let's not
talk about the third alternative I'm
hoping you're part of the solution a
problem take the first step my child by
entering this meditative chamber face
your fears new child face your fears
okay you're kind of scaring me for the
hook oh oh hey I am in your imagination
just a friendly Catholic priest who
would like to get to know you a little
oh my god yeah that's right I'm totally
in your imagination too Oh give you a
shoulder rub no let me adjust the
lighting in here a bit so we can get
some visuals with that oh okay just
ignore the really sexy music papi
oh no he likes the bar I've got cards
who I gonna give it to Oh God oh no was
he doing oh okay one down let me share
God's love with you okay die bitch okay
they're dead absolutely disgusting
please stay away from my bumhole god
damn it I can't put a child in a dark
room for two minutes the bastards
showing up oh I'll go say ten mil
Harry's well gosh I feel just awful
about all yeah you set me up you tried
to get these guys somebody touched my
bum bombs of trouble and tribulation
use it to call upon the prophet Moses
okay anyway that was a weird mission
okay let's just go buy you a taco that's
the mission okay before we buy Cartman a
taco let's go to the school
oh hey you're the new kid right yeah as
your counselor you can talk to me about
anything
okay okay understand you want to talk
about uh you can start by simply saying
you know I'm a boy or a girl or other oh
okay I'm a male female I thought let's
say I'm a female because that's funny
you're a group yeah under the impression
that uh can you just hang on a minute I
need your call call your parent your
child has just let me know that um she's
actually a girl oh you knew that I
believe everyone was under the
impression that Tom didn't do was it he
was a boy king and his to katroo thing
was actually was actually a girl the
entire I think I can really maybe be of
help from here on out on the boy had
seen Jesus Christ will this is a shocker
clarify exactly what you mean by a girl
oh no someone like your classmate baby
well she's what we would call a
cisgendered girl god me there's also
people in this world who identify as
something different from what they were
born Jesus Christ and we call those
people transgender do you identify as
being cisgendered or transgendered uh I
have no idea let's say cisgender okay
well great I mean I mean it would also
be great a few words put out my cash
machine I guess that's why we're doing
this there's a lot of people out there
who don't accept you for what you are
Jesus Christ okay let's call him Moses
and heal all allies its Moses the cold
that's be forgiven and all slaves free
more
Moses you dad
oh okay
we just got healed getrekt okay I killed
the rednecks all right Jesus Christ okay
now let's go get cotton and his buddy
taco
okay free miss tacos welcome to
Freeman's tacos thank you if there's
anything I can interest you in well you
just let me know
Thank You Morgan Freeman okay can I have
one Targo mr. Freeman actually before
that you won't take a selfie star of
stage and screen Morgan Freeman is not
prepared to take a selfie with you at
all what conquer selfie would mr.
Freeman Freeman's tacos is completely
craft your own okay you know what
crafting is don't you oh my god so much
shit is in this game now I really don't
get it with an enchilada and a burrito
you've crafted an injury okay I learned
about crafting and I got that subscribe
and just one more thing they say that
some farts are so powerful they can
actually bend the fabric of time okay
okay I got caught me a taco let's go
back to the corner how's it going out
there
pretty good making a lot of friends with
selfies shit okay good talk
I'm gonna upgrade you to somebody
sidekick or something oh please your
character sucks to be honest and I think
I'm gonna let you do a class Oh God look
how many abilities there are now okay
I'm gonna pick an element to this why
not hey I think those two will work
nicely together now we're gonna need to
change your backstory to oh god no you
looked in the mirror and wondered if
anyone would ever love you oh then you
heard a noise but but it was a baby
crying baby out in the hallway you
thought you guys attacking a helpless
baby on the phone oh you knew you had
the power to stop them so you called
upon your newly discovered power the
baby binder oh oh whoa whoa that was
cool the intruder could only watch as it
turned past him back hey you can't just
take a man's turn like I'm a superhero
talk to my son Trump attack whoa I
chopped him inside
whoa whoa
feeling focused you shrugged off the
blow and readied your ultimate attack
ultimate attack
oh god they just collapsed
Oh God okay hey hey he'll just died you
swept the baby up in your arms you take
him somewhere safe that's when the
unthinkable happened oh no you saw your
dad
fuck you you couldn't stop your mouth
and being fucked by you - Jesus Christ
that's heavy man that is I say sorry I
know you probably want to know why why
your dad fuck your mom oh no it's the
cooter lot we must go we were supposed
to be a duo remember tweek yeah I
remember
so when I walked out of cunha friend you
should've walked out with me when I
coded Fred because you had your own
booby they're really going at it
super Craig you had to happen before
wonder twinkles introduced okay they
know sets otherwise y'all go makes no
sense
oh you're a traitor tweek and now you're
with a group of super traitors yeah so
started by you all right you must listen
to me right now I'm speaking to you tell
us face the truth Eric you guys are kind
of douchebags
Oh juice bags in my mind in my mind yeah
I've gotta fire boom whoa I know you
gotta fight these guys are for goodness
sake Freedom House oh no what's wonders
we gonna do oh god oh oh oh no they died
what the hell it is time for my ultimate
I Dow damn that was so cool
I've eaten all right yeah yeah that was
cool
oh no cool Robin - what happened Jimmy
got away
he completely made up my mind he fucked
the shit out of my brain Hey look about
him
we fight for a little bit but it's his
mental powers are too strong oh I got to
me cell phone he got a cell phone
okay guys I think I'm gonna end the
video there 20,000 likes and I will
upload next episode straightaway thank
y'all so much watching see the next
video
