oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
as much as over there today we are
playing South Park and the fractured
pothole so I made a series on the first
South Park game okay and you guys
absolutely love that so if this video
reaches twenty five thousand likes I
will turn this into a series it was our
chance
oh my god I'm so excited I yourself San
Francisco production in collaboration
with new bursa okay how many bloody
yourself bloodier developers are the
South Park Digital Studios okay you get
it
it's a pussycat evil pussycat no scrap
words the messing pussycat oh no it has
become of this city that's but go there
used to be nice justice just be not any
money my crime is out of control
cats are missing codes counts people are
being victimized know somebody to poo we
are two sides at work we are two sides
trouble an x-file of ancient times with
a new king you're not in the kingdom
don't an art by a powerful stick me I
get that in the last game have to go
back we have to be done if I can't
change the person fattest cat for in the
mister Jews we go past I can change
the fractured bottle this bum holes
gonna crack and fracture why's it called
that
whoa look where you can now create a
counter okay give me a second okay this
looks like me two's difficulty don't
wanna be easy and white or very
difficult than black don't worry this
doesn't affect combat just every other
aspect of your whole life okay I'll pick
kinda hard because you know I'm brown we
first start off in the small little town
of South Park but wait is it South Park
or is it ancient oh where is he he he
he's doing a big fat boo boo uh is this
a poo poo minigame oh okay this is a
purple minigame okay squeeze at the pool
core squeeze had a pool and then pinch
it off
I got a reward for for doing a poo we
came here to hide more friends just
means more trouble you need to lay off
that stuff it's changing you okay my
parents marriage is falling apart
daddy you doing in there oh no oh yeah
oh yeah oh yeah my brownie that was
weird
what's in the brownie oh okay we all
know what's in the body pussy oh shit oh
look no fighting this game I hate the
fighting in this game wow this prick
things he could ready hit me yeah that's
right he's dead I won yeah I did it I am
amazing thank you okay now I've got five
three guys have fun okay I part you have
another attack oh it's Justin yeah I
wanna fight yay
we've got to get inside Cartman's house
come on let's go
oh my god so much action for this stupid
game oh no I think I just made the
dragon more angry mr. bird kids why
aren't you helping me I'm just watching
me take on this dragon Oh No
the Tigers gonna breathe fire just
killed his own friend
okay it is now time for my special
attack oh okay there's a car okay just
uh hang on wait sorry
whoa oh shit oh not the king was going
to do a sweet jump but then he just did
that
Jesus the game's old okay
yeah
I thought it's the Coon oh no oh no my
name is the king
I'm from the future play got any more
now I'll split up what's the point in
that time there is a massive crime wave
and Kevin about to dump stick that
sounds too heavy for Gounod oh no way
you want Clyde you want the fucking
freedom pal to find the missing cat
reward I make superhero franchise more
popular coming from your basement
playroom oh come on friends alright guys
you can't play with us we're playing
superheroes now and you guys are dorks
oh wait is that including me I want to
play superheroes well nothing left to do
but go home and play Star Trek bridge
crew oh that's concise way to go play
Star Trek I'd slack not up I'll give you
a box okay they're in the basement oh
you need to keep cold
I'm afraid little Eric put a lock on the
door to keep me out oh I'm sure he has
the passcode written down here somewhere
oh okay oh maybe it's in his journal
okay let's see we've got uh then - okay
and then okay um why is there so many oh
okay key code few months fuck you mom
okay
we have to act fast before the freedom
pals can ooh that cat looks pretty old
maybe just died in the gutter somewhere
hi do I have to remind you that as of
right now freedom pals have a hundred
followers on Instagram not six the five
of us and Billy Turner who's a ginger
mosquito take to the air and check out
all the city parks you got it feel away
you know where you've got the storm
drains super Craig
stupid great I need you to use your
superhuman speed to get to the mayor's
office and tell her we're on the case
whoa where you can you can count on that
that's that's fast fast that's us away
oh excuse me
oh it's okay excuse me okay so can i
play superheroes Kaufman ordinary
citizens aren't allowed in the coud√© put
a woman thanks superheroes now and you
wanted superhero yeah so fuck off okay
all right look you can watch us play
superheroes you don't get in a way make
yourself useful go grab me this the
furnace ii device it's over there okay
go grab me something
no our danger do not touch well that
device can blow up the entire Milky Way
galaxy Jesus we already told you you
can't play you aren't a superhero you
don't have a costume you're any
superpower I want to play
you're dead
okay I found this just a pharmacy device
really want to be a superhero huh
play with the big boys yes well maybe
maybe you can be useful have a seat at
the table
this bag yeah oh we still go to me
douche bag you have to have a superhero
persona and you can fill out your
character sheet on Costa gram
do you have a Christian rampage
occurrence to grab page oh you're not
even on queue Instagram for you you know
what kind of superhero are you since
you're a newbie you can only choose
between three for now oh don't want to
be a speedster a brutalist or a blaster
okay I'm gonna go with brutalist
we need to find out what terrible thing
in your past drives you oh let's take
you back to when you were just a child
we're just a child baby you couldn't
sleep because you knew you weren't like
the other kids
yeah looked in the mirror and you felt
alone alone that's when it happened loud
noise you swore you could hear your
mother calling for help
boom mom today Joe I can hear my mommy
danger out in the hallway you saw two
intruders in front of your parents door
no we had to stop them from hurting your
parents you knew you had the power to
stop them the first time you called upon
your stupid makes a noise source like
flawless you met the intruders mocking
words with a swift brutal fast
detectors whoa damn what are you some
kind of superhero but then two more in
there do whales into the frame from the
Hank No
your wrecking ball I can nourish in one
triggered tumbling into the other wall
prepare for my attack Oh No ultimate is
ready
yeah that's right that's Thomas for the
brutalist boys all seem to be ok but
then you finally reached your parents
don't know they killed him no when you
open that door you saw that's a pretty
heavy back story oh yeah you fight crime
because you never forgot the night you
weren't in ten oh and you saw your own
father the man you trusted
fuck your man all right now that you're
a superhero or have enormo try to get as
many followers as you can on CUDA gram
okay I will do that okay so I'm guessing
with ditched Twitter and now we're using
Instagram how great collect followers by
getting people to take selfies with you
uh shattuck selfie with grandma great my
first LV is gonna be with Grandma
hey kid yourself mailman you wanna take
a selfie
you got it open oh you're the real deal
little superhero oh thank you a selfie
sure kid let's do it yeah yeah okay
what's going on all right I'll see
what's going on okay or I can meet at
his house for you Ricky
just keep walking don't even look at
them but I wanna fight good luck Oh
okay they may be the shit out man I died
when I finished kicking your blood I'm
gonna kick your stupid frog but oh no
press after toss our fault
oh okay now a fight is initiated
oh sure up because I fought on it thank
you no tell why I have this find that
you done in like five seconds okay I
just saved you take a selfie with me you
really want a selfie with me yeah I got
a selfie crack you win then greetings
citizen it is I know he's no impressed
super Craig can't fight his getting pay
oh no tell the COO that I'm not playing
until I fight strike oh he's really mad
me far as a stupid kid maybe but there
he is in the vet he's that what the
hell's this
okay throw one up here oh no was it
going he went in the box
oh no oh now he's in the bloody vent
nice time the guinea pig oh no did it
die daddy he's fine
but it wasn't just me we have but Lord
and it's sickening asshole tonight oh
look super Craig is a buddy now cool
selfie oh yes who wouldn't want a selfie
with the Craig of Steel selfie with Greg
you try and cross lava you die it just
doesn't make sense
who would put lava there oh no no - easy
for you what good is the world yeah all
right this is just Lego okay there's no
way it's actually gonna kill me
your day I died okay okay let's meet
Kyle at his house now Kyle I mean human
kite I'm a few days ago there was an
anomaly in the universe whoa another
version of me human kite from an
alternate dimension whoa up here and
it's destroying everything no way scares
in my room I don't think anything can
stop it also bring you in tight from
another universe is behind this door oh
no I can't fight him for obvious reasons
you know alternative universe paradox
all right no the human guide - for my
notes of the universe we're like super
paths as you can see here's the one
running around giving to him a kite a
bad name it was sent here to destroy me
and weaken my powers no no I came to
spend two weeks with my cousin and
wanted to play superheroes I said I want
to be human Kibby human kite
I need me tight oh why can't we be human
kites together and I said I want to be
human case take care dude and she told
him he had to do what I said because I
was again oh we've all been there I'm
sorry me from another universe but it is
time for you to learn that playing
superheroes is too painful oh no you
must now destroy my alter-ego prepare
for battle oh no I'm gonna beat the shit
out of you
sorry kid is he gonna hit me back oh
sorry okay I think my inner ear fluids
have stabilized now that last hit didn't
count right I'm undoing that damage okay
Kyle no one cares
damn it shut up you stupid kid wait I
thought I should get these tunics
the new kid because he didn't wait when
I said timeout earlier so I think it
should be my turn yet oh no what's doing
it's over to the bed he just killed
himself
yeah I better go back to my universe
from now on calling you whatever you
need help yeah no it's good cause the
buddies dude
oh the guys I'm having a lot of fun but
I think I should end the video here so
like I said the beginning of video I've
reached 25,000 likes I will make this
into a series if we don't that's okay I
won't but I still had a lot of fun
either way the three guys starts
watching I'll see you next video see you
later guys love you ba ba
