Lori Marty Rick Morty Morty come to the
kitchen Rick Rick Rick where are you are
you invisible or something and you're
gonna fart on me huge I'm gonna touch
that pickle and you're gonna tell me
it's like some alien penis boom
all right so you're a pickle know what
yeah that's right Morty I'm a pickle
anyway you see that syringe over there
yeah yeah I need you to put that in the
tree Morty oh yeah that's good stuff
Morty yeah okay okay Rick
all right any moment now any moment Oh
Morty I'm gonna need you more another
one of these adventures Morty come on
quick get in the portal oh geez not
again
oh yeah oh come on Rick where are we
ready
Morty you made it Morty according to my
portal gun okay I know that's like a gun
but it's my portal gun these shitty
developers made a game about us more and
who they spent a lot of time on the game
Rick Marty and the worst thing is they
made a boat reality game oh my god Morty
he's my dog I'm in the living room Marty
Jesus Christ Morty they thought of
everything morning on this stupid-ass
game
Oh
oh my god is me oh you made a Morty
clone Rick yeah I know
I had to rearrange the entire garage to
do it Morty Morty clone pay attention to
me
I need you to take this laundry and put
it in the washing machine
okay let me get this straight me Rick in
the game made a Morty quote of me but I
am me in a game knowing that it's a game
but I'm playing as Morty wait does that
make sense Morty Morty Morty
wait hang the TV oh I'm hey the TV oh
okay damn your grandpa looks really good
butcher Elliott oh it's so soft
Morty I forgot your it okay okay put the
clothes in the laundry
listen had to bring you back for some
stuff that I can't get into right now
because he just exploded Oh Rick
I know okay wants me to order something
off him on Amazon I mean gazorpazorp is
on oh no I got blue screen alright it
seems that I presume for sophomore touch
on computer model for l4 TJ has that
broken you have to replace the RAM the
crystals and the fuse for it oh geez
okay first things first get rid of
crystal you know next thing is the RAM
okay morning I remember I keep my web
down here okay Morty now I've got a
monster down here and he only eat
certain things so it says here that he
eats metal Apple okay maybe this glass
is nobody okay next he wants a carrot
okay I need a camera which is over here
grab it grab ha ha oh okay I got the
carrot Morty and then I get it will turn
into Karen Emma here we go we got some
new ramp
alright the rad goes that and last thing
we need is the battery so what we do is
we open up a portal wall which will take
me to where the new batteries whoa where
are we okay you couldn't be destroying
this American satellite brick they
donated more than they don't need it
wait what I use replace the battery
games over
okay morning I got a replacement battery
I gotta go Swiss myself morning okay
it's just a minigame to charge the
battery you think I would have made an
easier way to you know charge the
battery but okay so this one goes up
don't you turn this one and then okay I
create a micro burst in this battery and
now I'm gonna go put it there and get
the fuse ok put the new battery in open
that shit the fuse goes there we go fix
the computer okay that's already saw the
device on corporate over whoa we're
gonna use this item Marty to achieve
another item how fun is that okay we
take a new portal Marty okay we gotta go
you should sit on that oh I'm gonna need
you to plug the seed into that seed
shaped hole in the engine area okay make
a seed artificial intelligence
microprocessor activated mr. Poe
nanotech okay so we're going to need
some Dark Matter are now to do this last
time wasn't that hard
I did see that wasn't that I'll go over
to the car put the new battery in the
car it fully charged microbrews yeah
okay now we need an engine repair kit
and we go to goes or dogs are by the
engine repair kit open the Rebecca there
we go oh shit what the hell's all this
oh it's a puzzle I mean I know I'm a
scientist it should take me long to
figure out okay I'll figure it out
it's like that now all we need is nitro
Dark Matter Morty this is my office okay
I know I keep the Dark Matter
just over here
shit Jesus Christ you came all the way
this place okay cool this thing
Oh passion the egg oh yeah we go I did
it okay anything else can I go back you
know
a shooting gallery the game okay okay
I'm back Jesus Christ he killed me Marty
well I have to incubate the eggs Marty
but well if I was to incubate this egg
Morty where would I do it the dryer
maybe okay I'll try this wrong I guess
and you go and then we said it - it has
some sort of attachment to me morning
maybe this thing Oh Marty oh okay well
thanks oh you hungry buddy oh we want an
apple buddy oh you like that
what's that buddy you wanna go on the
portal you wanted to shit this bunny you
want a laxative oh my god okay you just
did a fat shit cartridge what the hell
is he talking about this thing oh my god
that's a ho KB place in my office okay
Oh see I'm in the game okay I think in
this game Morty I'm playing as Troy okay
starting me through my life now I'm 16
years old
okay I gotta catch the ball and that's
pretty good okay now I'm sixteen to five
months old it still can't believe you
won this party is incredible
cheers to truly yes yeah now 31 years
old what the hell is going on no not
around a happy customers a droid is your
cut for today thanks money right now 30
baht again what do I be a parrot
daughter for a job or do I give a
football this isn't good for you you're
overworked as it is Troy Oh God 60 she's
all now all that football in his younger
years really took a toll on his body
here's your diagnosis Troy I've lived
multiple possible criminal okay
in seconds to live I've got about 10
seconds to live I died I died in the
game because I overworked myself what
the hell was that chick you wanted me to
spit in this price thing that thing from
people from reality
oh god what the shit do I have to do now
attack sound spit okay all right I'm
gonna be here oh my god
Oh
Oh
you want me to feed it rape is on when
you're saying
you want this Wow we need a laxative
Morty when your left stick go to the
bathroom Oh oh my god I just killed it I
just murdered
oh my god oh my god
okay just grab the bait you know I could
go through all the process of
reconfiguring this drink great but I
think I've got a better solution I'm
gonna have to kill you again hold still
okay I'm back everything's fine now
oh shit quick yeah I need to convert
this mega seed with that jar of goo oh
okay
Oh give me the scene then I don't
understand you were supposed to be the
one well quick I need to combine this
mega CD
the wicked guys come on now just just
just stop it
we take solving anything okay I think
we're gonna keep on finding uh I think
oh shit why would you point that thing
at me I'm the real Rick Rick
oh hello listen you little floating head
and hands piece of shit don't you
remember that time that we we were in
the garage just doing science stuff
alien killing a Rick you really did a
great job
thanks man high five sure oh all right
guys that's pretty much it for Rick
amore okay I'm kind of tired but yeah
thank God something's watching if you
guys want more VR I was thinking of
bringing it back then I don't know
20,000 likes and I will hey guys watch
it you know see you next with your man
I'm pickle Rick yay all right everybody
this one's coming straight from the
heart making the lyrics up rifle top of
my head let me out what you see
my lines alive I'm not who you're
looking at that
really oh this is
my real body slowly time in a bad it's
anybody listening can anyone understand
like that actually help me help me
tidyrank whoo-hoo yeah tiny Rick
you
