hello everyone how's everyone doing is
mr. selfish today we are going to be
reacting to some more animations now I
want this series to be a shout out
series ok so I basically want to shout a
bunch of small animes ok so if you are
an anime or if you know any good small
anime is okay leave a comment and let me
know okay and I'm gonna react to your
videos and give you a huge shout out in
the next video they're the first anime
that we're gonna be reacting to it's
Uncle Joe okay now a lot of these
cartoons are definitely so hilarious now
what I want you guys to do is I would
like you to go subscribe to his channel
firstly but what would I really
appreciate is if you go support him on
patreon okay he's trying to make a goal
of 550 a month I think he's actually
working on a game with I think this is
his girlfriend or wife I'm not really
sure but yeah you guys were doing him a
huge favor if you go support this guy
video is the dog of wisdom okay it's so
funny
okay I've seen that before but that's
such a classic beep okay I when I first
found that I swear I watched it like 10
times it's so funny and cute bah bah bah
bah bah - Tata Tata Tata Tata
have a barber bed Carter ha ba da da da
ba ba ba da da da da ba ba ba ba ba ba
ba ba ba ba ba ba he also made a
spongebob two years ago this is so funny
- bye Joe here we go we somewhere
go home with a cow on top okay yeah this
is good take a wedge so I think it goes
buzz pick up first good with that mr.
Krabs okay from this house great
animation then oh god okay I remember
this taking a really weird turn like
most animation on YouTube so I'm a bit
worried now cuz everything's slowed down
my spot Oh Lord whom Oh God worry
Squidward right behind your lad no what
the hell wanna go ahead this is so great
like the animation so spot-on it's so
good why leave so crit it looks like
it's like straight from the show oh god
where are they now where does my doll
turn it back oh no oh oh God all this is
a spongebob
what
and later Oh spicy smoke I mean where's
that krabby patty oh it's right here
it's been sitting in the window all day
uh-huh Oh a customer left oh just put it
down here for the rats to enjoy hardly
the krabby patty is mine let's take a
look at that secret formula
oh it's Squidward oh okay
tanjo kazooie ending okay yeah that was
a pretty weird turn right he made an
animation on YouTube commentators okay I
bet this is still sort of relevant today
even though it was made 5 years ago
first ok well yep well that still
happens to me all the time I love you
videos oh yeah that's pretty much it in
a nutshell
I used to be a youtube comment or like
you but then I took a Wampus to the
grumpy oh my god you remember that
everyone push that stupid Skyrim meme
wait wait wait when sixteen people are
wrong sounds like you saying penis stop
watching this oh boy I'm viewer number
300 - yeah marry me videos Rock
unsubscribe subscribe I mean that weird
part of YouTube again yeah why they
always cover that literally you guys
post the same shitty comments this was
posted five years ago and it still
happens today he actually showed how he
made the animation for the dog okay and
it's really cool so he has this leap
motion sensor right and he pretty much
just uses his hand to control it it's
actually so cool right no I did like
this sort of thing exists so he puts his
hand over it and look it just shows up I
mean obviously he created the model I
think but look just control it with her
all right so I'm gonna watch this whole
video okay because I want you guys to
watch it but he had this show called
great the show okay and the beginning of
episode nine was really funny okay who's
really similar to the dog one whoa mr.
Kuo oh when can we be beautiful it's
where Jeff Wahb did you fly did you walk
tall I said you swab a tweet but mr. Kuo
webs forgive and forget love spreads he
does is so cute I love this guy's so
funny okay he has so many good videos in
this channel I don't know what's like
all of them okay completely rip off his
channel but last one I want to watch is
this a Simpsons parody one oh I know it
was a Family Guy
and Simpsons crossover I have an
announcement to make
we are going on vacation voices for
every animation the real question is
where
and like a cage on top of the car okay
they decide the space okay
the Griffins meet the sweats ins why is
wait why is the spite Sowell's shit
about cocaine um mine um yeah no oh no
fuel are they're gonna crash are they
yep Springfield every every screenshot
has like a as like a Easter regular is
the Simpsons house wait let's go are
they gonna go in oh they're good okay
montage right they are very similar
Simpsons and Family Guy yes admit you
know wait why do you hear try dish the
bear for Family Guy just hits over the
head is that good good it alright yeah
all right uh it all right it not subtle
or nuanced you taste this and lukewarm
but it all right it reminds me of me
beer which I like better than beer more
or less yeah okay all right things are
going very bloody right now grape I see
okay I'm gonna stop watching okay you
guys can you know watch it yourselves
okay so that try not was Uncle Joe like
I said before I really appreciate it if
you support him on patreon okay even if
he could take over 550 it would help him
out a lot okay so the next animate we're
gonna check out as absolutely animate a
legend
it is only ng now only has been on
YouTube for so long okay I remember
watching this guy's videos on Newgrounds
Newgrounds was a website where you could
watch animations okay this guy's been
making internet animations for so long
he's been there like from since the very
beginning I remember he made a gta4
parody animation that went super viral
that was like a big animation at the
time now you can go and subscribe to him
or at least check out some of his
animations because like he has like a
bunch of really really great classic
animations I'll show you a bunch of my
favorites in a second but he doesn't
really make animations anymore but he
does have a let's play channel okay so
if you do want to support him I think he
would probably prefer if you supported
him and checked out his gaming channel
okay it's pretty good if you guys want
to check it out now back in the day the
assumption song okay was one of the
biggest light means
out there at the time it was made 8
years ago ok this was so funny
there was an old farmer who lived in the
middle shaking boys who were down by the
creek their feet in the water their ads
on that marble oh there came a young
lady she looked like a pretty - she said
on the grass people the first grow that
she showed him that roses and white
fluffy done he said she was learning a
new way to bring bring bring her
children so they would not spend boys in
the barnyard
were sharper later a thousand yesterdays
hot while the girls in the meadow he was
robbing her eyes he look like a man with
a sizable home in a tree with a big
fence out front if he asked her unlikely
she'd show her her little bed subject to
fits and maybe she'd let him grab hold
of all tender
movement so quick and then she bent over
and sucked all his candy sub-caste made
of butterscotch and then he spread cream
all over her cookie gods avid head and
left out on her shelf if you think this
is dirty you could go yourself that was
such a classic that was a mean back in
the day guys I can't believe that's been
eight years but oh my god
all right now probably my favorite
cartoon then he's made has to be this
old man God dude like the voices he puts
in his videos are so funny it was 17
years ago you just down here by yourself
the police make sure that you okay Rissa
guy let's say we enter the problem hey
you know we got to do what we gotta do
we gotta do is stab these people take
those bags you talk with some old man
goodbye
Oh
somewhere will be the safety by this
nice and shiny let me give you a cute
thing I never had a granddaddy so bad
you feel so bad for the old bad is like
I don't know where I am
can I give you a kiss it's just head
falls off like it gets me every time I'm
not sure but I think it's pretty funny
and that's just that he killed the dog
by slapping him okay probably the
animation he's known the most for is his
Wingardium Leviosa one okay that this
was a classic mean okay I think everyone
references this okay it's so funny
so remember children it's Wingardium
Leviosa swish and flick ah wouldn't God
your mother Yosa stop it wrong oh god
your snake Ronald Weasley its levy arse
when God oh sure okay so like I said he
doesn't really make cartoons anymore but
please go check out Oni okay and support
him if you do want to go the extra mile
okay check out his let's play channel
and he does have much - okay I'll be
linking that description okay all this
little stuff helps our animators I kind
of feel sorry for animators okay because
you know they they don't get
enough money for what they do for the
wife when they put in so yeah support
anime as I would say okay guys I'm the
new video here that was me reacting some
more funny animations now like I said
the beginning the video I want this to
be a sort of a shout out series okay so
go check out all the animators and the
stuff that I mentioned in this video I
would really appreciate they'll really
appreciate it and yeah if you're an
animator let me know leave a comment
either way those guys watching I'll see
you next with your man slowly guys love
you bar back
