hello everyone how is everyone doing as
much as Sophia today we are playing
stealing you see this it's a diamond I
stole it okay Oh money I have ideas guys
all right so we're playing a flash game
ok so just deal with it so that's the
story new diamonds in the new museum and
I want to steal it okay great here's our
options do we won busted
thousand in Boston or do I sneak in
we're gonna bust in okay get the
motorcycle ready let's go baby
oh it's no no it's not a motorcycle okay
that did nothing I wanna see what
happens if I jump I think we're being
robbed right now over oh shit we're bad
as what a true let's Lance oh I failed
okay and I did a burp in the middle of
it oh yeah why does Abby mace mace mace
oh oh
kind of awkward oh hey hey yo do it wait
where the hell is he pulling out a mace
and a shield from is he pull him out
from his ass
that's good commentary let's use the
bloody shield the diamond let's steal
the diamond
take it in your basket it was too heavy
for that basket on cable come on mister
yeah I've been working at the Museum for
nearly 15 years now
nobody's ever stole anything from here
but I would say down a pretty good buddy
guys ever have a say so myself oh come
on
bullshit I'm riding with the bloody
diamond to my back Fuli wants or what
yes
oh it just shot me okay God oh wait oh
what a dumb shit okay just let the
diamond on the bloody floor okay I guess
bubble or sticky grenade right come on
your head right gasps it's gonna be a
wanker a sticky grenade
oh no it's stuck to me Oh Oh Oh sir
place your hands where I can see them oh
if you do not comply I will be forced to
fire upon you you leave me no choice sir
just say oh I guess I died how how fun
is that okay what do I do
I can click with his head right hey
robbery is a federal offense sir I can
drive oh I couldn't die much did I
survive it well did I survive the bloody
water oh I'm so happy
okay we are gonna go all the way back
now and sneak into the bloody museum and
steal the diamond
oh my god was this old shit the shrink
ray oh no oh bloody worm oh man ones are
much more vicious up close what about
the pickaxe well is this really my cross
a griever killed me okay apparently
pickaxe works because the Minecraft
creeper blows up liquid dafuk ation oh
okay pickaxes then okay according option
I use the gun the play or the bombshell
its use the gun okay let's try our
bombshell okay play I got a one
something where do we go now do we go up
or left I'm gonna go up hey
okay forget going up it's go left oh
where am I what's going on what do we do
metroid crowbar pokeball or super
mushroom what the hell Metroid oh my god
okay what about a crowbar that seems
very boring oh oh my god it's a
half-life reference so funny okay what
about a poker board oh I could have a
Pokemon battle with his stupid guard
that guys stupid joke
go ship is you oh my god okay what
okay though the Pokemon glitched out
okay the last one a super mushroom I
gotta do biggie okay how I don't destroy
the diver then oh shit I got hit with a
cannon somewhere in the Midwest Center
from chaos containment what is this game
turned into okay some weight a sweeties
coming from this museum let me let know
where oh my god just hit one of those
buttons to deal with this icing
situation who's watching TV get back to
work what what the hell am i watching
wait what I get to control the buns wait
how many endings in this game God ah
that's Nukem Oh someone comes with 25
pill straight guys okay
they just nuked me and I failed or how
about this one such old memes in it oh
my god
okay just explode the whole thing okay
well that was fun what about this thing
I know what that is guys I think we're
gonna die I think where they died oh no
oh no wait that was the right one oh
come on
oh okay get out of it just quit to the
family
oh no this megaboy school without to me
wait is that it oh okay I made it out
what what's happening now oh the diamond
did I get it
I stole the diamond I defeated the
bloody robot that came from the sky I
don't understand that how do I win okay
all right I haven't gotten up version
okay so let's try and sneak in through
jumble hoppers oh my god I gotta jump
right up up and jump back two points
deducted
okay what about an antigravity capi oh
wait we're not just float into space
yeah I was just float this place oh no
okay last one is it daddy oh oh come on
how many options we got now
what about a tranquilizing oh oh no it's
for them it's hard to see when you're
invisible wait what let's try penny at
his face that's when you edit a pending
in my face oh okay what do I do now a
drop wiraporn oh god let's drop because
that's definitely not gonna kill me
let's do a portal gun because I like
portals shooty oh I'm in a portal okay
let's go for a wire yeah yeah that was
fun that's a portal gun but screw it
I'll come on there one see what laser
car does or should use laser cutter oh
oh let's do a hammer oh are you kidding
me a bloody worked
oh no there's two security guards there
how do we get past these security guards
Hannah and cheese or prank okay let's do
a cannon oh no for the kind of get back
in what about cheese I love cheese what
why what about a blankie oh I just step
one apply again after then later Stepan
arrested him well and that's it oh my
god what'd I do now do I snap his neck
Dwight diamond do I jump or rifle let's
shoot this goddamn pussy do I miss every
shot oh come on let's snap this guy's
neck oh okay well not ever do anything
should we just jump on it oh okay so
what is it diamond damn I'm gonna crush
it with a diamond oh that easy just
crush this skull with a diamond oh and
that's it I won the undetected way okay
guys that was stealing the diamond now
there is a whole series on what happens
next I kind of feel like playing it I
know this video wasn't great alright and
I'm sorry for that
and kind of running our days let's say
we reach 15,000 likes I'll do the next
series in this game hey guys watching
see you next video man sell you guys
love you Bubba said that my wife said my
ding dongs way too small
oh really yeah I mean what's she talking
to me I might be again small
