hello everyone how is everyone doing a
special selfie today we are going to be
reacting to some more animations this
time we are at the doors now today the
animations that we're going to be
focusing on are source filmmaker
animations now if you don't know what
source filmmaker is it's a software you
could wear you can make like short films
and animations I think valve makes it
and there's this whole community of
youtubers who just make source filmmaker
animations
now my favorite source filmmaker
animator has to be anonymous okay he
makes some of the best like source
filmmaker animations on YouTube there's
so Alerus I've seen a few of them but
today I'm gonna watch like a bunch of
them but before we do right now I want
all of you guys to go and subscribe to
this guy trust me you're not gonna
regret he makes such amazing content
please subscribe to him he also has a
patreon so if you want to go the extra
step and help this guy out please please
please do just look at the thumbnails on
all these videos they just make you
wanna click on all of them okay I'm
gonna show you the very first animation
I watched by this guy Chris Bobby's
it's the juice box Oh
I love the goosebumps deep song ah this
is bringing back so many memories this
was the show from goosebumps oh yeah
something guys what we don't even know
what goosebumps is there was like this
horror show that was mainly watched for
kids it basically show that ghost
stories and really spooky stuff it was
really really weird but really really
cool I have watched a challenger
approaches just look at that thumb no
it's so funny oh that's so funny this
guy's so talented please guys you need
to subscribe to him oh yeah we like to
party okay this was a massive meme okay
oh god how my is so good we black the
body
back in the day
Oh
Jesus Christ it's funny because this
song was actually tuned back in the day
but now it's turned into a meme I don't
know why you know what the most recent
video that is created rule-breaker I I
think it's one of his best videos
absolutely No
okay I guess the police caught it
because there was no cool dudes allowed
there apparently original song is JD by
heartbeat I know some of you guys
probably were wondering about that it's
actually such a - oh yeah this one is so
funny - buds to friend the new friend
wanting oh this is sad bird he just
wants a new friend and there's a
dinosaur fairy
the animation fits the song so perfectly
every time I listen to that song I'm
gonna think of the animation it's so so
well-made this guy's so much talent what
was the original song to that oh it was
snails house mass shoe - tasty release
okay that's I think that's the song if
you guys were wondering
I'm having so much fun watching these
it's the kind of videos that you would
watch one and then you just go on a
massive binge and just watch them all
off-limits I don't think I've seen this
one either
I think I'm just gonna let you guys
watch the rest of that one
what's nice legs it's 23 seconds long Oh
sexy go oh oh yeah why these three
watching them
okay okay I remember this one it's so
funny music
so much that was so good the ones where
he uses music like he makes it fit so
well like it's so so well made I love
this shit it's all those source
filmmaker animations were all came from
anonymous please go check them out and
subscribe to him please like he will
really appreciate all of like the extra
support you guys can give him alright it
says next animation is a really funny
one it comes from smiley the guy
basically I think it was streaming and I
think he was letting some of the viewers
come into his discord and talk to him
and I think he was pretending to be like
a Starbucks hotline it was really weird
and then someone made an animation based
on that recording
all right we're in Starbuck I help the
next guest please hello sir welcome to
Starbucks what can I get for you
we sell we sell wait so contagious I get
your camera
the boys ginger really my god the lobby
was so funny that you just had to love
bag is one of those situations I serve
our next animation this guy called set
the goal all right made like this bonus
pizza mean phone call thing all right
it's really stupid but I said Mia at the
moment and someone made an animation on
that as well ROM Dan is hungry right now
yeah pizza which you are let me get a
pizza with a fuck you mean B I look let
me explain it I don't understand
so stupid big an ominous okay I think
this is one of the most popular source
filmmaker animations it was by ragu you
Joe okay it's called who's cooking
tonight
sanguis oh shit
it's from the left for dead audio new
niggy they made Nicholas yeah yeah I'm
hungry steak dinner yeah
I will deep fry you an entire goddamn
cow just playing with you man
I can't believe you fell for that cool
fool table chrono little fries soda with
no decent piece of hot apple the hell is
going on
mr. OH
I don't think I like you attitude kiss
my ass
coach you do that again and I will
Oh
that better have been an accident don't
make me get sweet Lincoln's oh shit
tits that's not cool seriously
I owe that cooking dinner now Nick yes
I'm hungry I don't care nobody cares
why just watch
it's what's called you are a pirate by a
mr. pootis man great but not surprised
cards is all the goodness I don't want
said we got to lead is too much why am I
watching this I like the girls bar okay
why why did people make financial
Freddy's animations or slow ways okay I
get it
you are a pirate I think I've seen this
one it's called ogre aggressive by
Tabasco sauce boss whether they come up
with these names
what's happening
what the hell I just watch alright guys
those were the source filmmaker
animations I want to show you is a
massive huge community of youtubers who
make this sort of thing alright now
please go check out everyone I checked
hi everyone Iwata Raptor - in this video
ok down the scripture and hope you guys
enjoy but you guys are watching I'll see
you next video man so the guys love you
Baba big a boldness
