hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mr. selfie
today we are playing youtubers life now
have you guys have never heard of this
game it is basically a YouTube simulator
all right so basically have to start off
as a like a new youtuber and create a
YouTube channel and you know they
basically show you like how to start off
a channel and like the stuff that goes
into creating a channel and it's
basically like a YouTube simulator now
if you guys didn't know this game is
actually now on ps4 and Xbox I'm playing
this on my ps4 at the moment okay and
I've absolutely loved in this game okay
I played a little bit before alright but
I thought you know I want to start up a
new game and create myself in this game
so if you guys are interested this game
go down the scription and click that
link all right down the scripture and
okay because this game is absolutely
awesome alright and I really recommend
you guys go try out for yourself okay so
the game starts off not on earth
apparently it sits on this new planet
that we have I have youtubers but become
like their own planet now because we've
become so big as a society in the future
where you just got like cooking
youtubers in one room and we've just got
you know people partying in other rooms
okay alright this is this is the future
of YouTube okay we're gonna have our own
universe apparently it's not universe
actually it's a planet and let that's me
on the computer literally I am literally
doing this exact thing that they're
showing what kind of its it should shit
is this okay now it's my favorite part
we can create a goddamn countdown
this kind of looks like me okay we got
my brows kid we got my yellow t-shirt oh
we're right now we've got my okay
alright I'll go say this kind of looks
like me I'm not gonna lie okay we're
gonna choose our personality type am i a
superstar you are a monster of viral
videos and your only ambition is to make
more and more or do I want to be loaded
you know I love that am i sociable I
love meeting new people no no definitely
not me
am i genius am i genius Amaya party
animal where the most important thing is
Fame and popularity or am ia romantic
where my
long dream is to find that special
someone who creates a youtube channel
wanting to find a girlfriend I'm pretty
sure we start YouTube channels because
we can't find girlfriends
alright this kinda makes sense alright
so some youtubers you know are just in
it for fame some in it for money some
because they're smart and I think I'm
just on it because I just like making
videos honestly so I'm just gonna say I
just like making viral videos okay so I
thought you can only make gaming
channels but apparently you can make
music and cooking channels okay well I
started off as a gaming channel okay so
I'm gonna pick gaming okay my name is
Brandon alright if you've gotten up by
now and the name my channel of course is
mesh yourself okay alright just scroll
down you'll see it right there you idiot
okay and Here I am there's me tel am i
doing I need to be making youtube videos
yes I've got damn am who it's like oh
damn I'm so at the moment I'm all alone
in my tiny ass bedroom okay this bedroom
is a piece of shit alright actually it
looks a lot better than the bedroom I
started making videos in okay step
number one we need to go to myself and
pick our game that we want to make a
video on okay the only game I have is
Empire planet to bore the shit arse game
okay well it's the only game I have okay
so I can make a gameplay video on it
funnily enough alright this is kind of
how I started alright so if you go to my
channel and go to my oldest videos
alright the only game that I had and I
played was Call of Duty alright and I
think my first video was on call of duty
modern warfare 3 ok and if you click
that it's literally just a gameplay
video alright so they're pretty accurate
honestly because this is how this is how
I started pretty much ok video oh no
look I've got my shitty computer and a
shitty webcam
so I love the idea of this game because
you basically have to grow your channel
and get more money and then reinvest
that money into better equipment and
they can make better videos and then
hopefully get up even bigger channel
because of it so at the moment we
started off with a shitty computer
shitty webcam and shitty mic alright
that's pretty much how everyone started
honestly I think my computer I was using
like my laptop which cost like a hundred
pounds I didn't even have a webcam back
then alright there was no face cam and
my microphone was I think literally a
10-pound headset ok so literally it is
exactly the same okay so yeah let's just
use the shit that we have already
okay now we've got a tile our video do
you guys know what I called my first
video I called it my first time get it
cuz it's my first time making a video
funny okay I'm starting to make my video
outro everyone its mess yourself here
all right so while recording a video you
get these new cards oh I didn't press
them in time and I ran out of time woops
okay let's pick pro gamer because I'm a
pro gamer yeah okay and this is like the
editing phase so what you're gonna do is
you're gonna take your clips and put it
here and then we're gonna add some
effects and some color grading man it's
pretty it's pretty accurate I'm not real
I actually know what I'm gonna add in a
soft focus whatever that whatever the
hell that is
okay I ran out of rendering points
because my computer isn't good enough
apparently so now I'll go to render it's
gonna take two hours to render and and
one-and-a-half hours to upload okay
honestly I think my videos when I first
started it took like eight hours to
render and you know a few hours to
upload and I would do it before I went
to school all right yes sometimes that
was honestly alright let's render and
unpublished our video oh oh look oh look
we got a school or four okay I'm not
sure if that's good or it's probably bad
honestly I'm gonna upload the video
anyway okay even though it's a shit
video okay I'm just gonna upload it or
videos uploading look oh it's ready to
publish oh look oh it's gonna do six
seven okay this video is already on 20
views alright how is this video getting
this many views my video didn't get as
many views when I first time okay
apparently I've got to go to school now
otherwise my mom will get mad at me
alright which is kind of true alright
because you know I just started YouTube
when I was in school alright and I tried
to convince my mom that I want to be a
youtuber but she was like okay YouTube
videos I need to upgrade my equipment
okay so go to the computer and I go
shopping okay they have Amazon over here
apparently okay let's go on Amazon oh oh
look we can buy all the latest games oh
wow
we can also go to PC world and tech and
upgrade our computers and stuff oh my
word
can we totally on it's the probably most
important thing on a do tube channel is
sound alright if you're gonna ask me for
anything it's probably the sound okay
I'm gonna get a better microphone
seventy dollars and now only got thirty
dollars left man there's a lot of money
all right
yeah I remember back in the day I would
save like my birthday money and my
Christmas money and any present money
that I got on gaming equipment all right
and I spent it all on that equipment all
right and yeah I thought it was gonna be
dead money all right a waste of time
but you know what actually paid off okay
so we bought some new equipment baby now
the question is when's it gonna arrive
what could it be okay cool we got a
microphone babe okay you know what
microphone all right I wanna share this
to the world I'm gonna talk this video
I've got a new microphone I'm so excited
okay because honestly I've got a new
microphone and I'm quite excited about
it okay I'm gonna add some smooches okay
and now I'm gonna do some thinking
honestly all right I hate editing videos
okay it takes so long all right and hate
it okay let's truck the shit in and
let's add some try also write as add
some I don't know some soft focus oh wow
and now it's gonna take eight hours to
render okay that's pretty realistic I'm
not gonna line
all right let's render this bad boy now
I'll go to score of six look at that
shit actually publish this video okay
I'm gonna borrow baby okay it's pretty
late should I go to bed yeah okay I
think I should probably sleep on it
sleep I gotta wake up okay I gotta make
more videos Oh Brandon why look it's so
sad was branding and making to shit
videos okay you need to upgrade your
shit okay and get better okay I think
we're not getting views this because the
game that we're playing is shit so I
think we need to buy a new game
let's buy emo catapult because
apparently it's only 13 dollars and it's
5 stars
okay and it's trending right now okay
you gotta play those trending games
right now guys okay honestly
Tice purchase this shit only $13 what a
bloody bargain oh yeah fucking side all
right you got like goatee one
subscribers right now I still honestly
Jesus Christ it took me a long time to
get day one subscribers oh what's that
Amazon I've delivered my bloody shoe a
new game
oh is this mom a rider right mom Jesus
Christ mom's always on my back okay come
on now she doesn't believe in me all
right I'm just trying to be a borrower
sensation online okay she doesn't
believe in me I'm telling you right now
the name mr. stone is gonna mean
something one day I'll make something of
myself
okay man this game it hits a little bit
too close to home honestly okay so my
mom yelled at me because I didn't go to
school apparently because I was too busy
making videos okay I never did that all
right I totally never did that okay
let's go study all right because my mom
will yell at me otherwise
hate going to school god damn a piece of
shit mom all right times fasting for her
and now I coming back from after a long
day of school and I have to record a
video man this this is what it was like
back in the day man like when I was
first starting you know I had to rush
home from school and quickly record a
video because I had a two hour window
before my parents would come home from
from work you know and I wouldn't want
to record well while they're a home all
right so yeah I had to you know quickly
do it man but yeah man Jesus Christ
that's how it starts you know okay let's
make a new video because I bought this
new game all right and it's trending
right now all right look the popularity
is 100% Jesus Christ that's a lot okay
guys we just bought this new game called
emo catapult all right we need to click
okay um all right that's the only way
I'm gonna get lots of views okay okay
I'm gonna call it by email catapult is
the worst game ever all right because
people are gonna come who love this game
I'm gonna comment down the description
what are you talking about and that's
how I get views guys okay I just I just
get them to hate me okay
oh hey guys I'm here to tell you why
this games a piece of shit and I hate it
all right let's chuck the shit in the
editing okay because I don't have to
edit videos on its link Oh what am I
gonna get oh oh 14 now my videos are
just getting better and better
okay I've made three videos now all
right come on now subscribers what the
hell's going on
Jesus Christ man I just realized you
know I'm gonna have to make probably
hundreds of videos all right until I you
know I hit some some milestone okay
apparently go what okay and you can do
like a part-time job in order to earn
money
I actually didn't do this okay I
actually you know would borrow money if
my mum and I said I'll pay her back you
know by doing chores around the house
but apparently I can earn thirty five
dollars by delivering newspapers all
right or a shoe shiner all right or
washed cars all right ain't doing that
shit
sure I'll deliver newspapers cuz that's
a lot of money newspapers all right now
more times passing by all right on man
balancing like school work you know look
at me I'm so tired now oh man I'm beat
man I can't make any videos today oh oh
wait no I'm sad again I mean I want to
be about YouTube sensation yeah man now
go to school now man the youtubers life
is so hard honestly okay we can upgrade
our keyboards apparently for $35 all
right and apparently that's going to
give me another rendering point so I can
make a better video
okay I'm gonna sell this game all right
because I don't need it anymore I'm not
gonna make any videos with shitty empire
planets - who plays that anymore okay
let's make another gaming video on this
shitty emo catapult game or another
toilet why emo catapult is the best game
ever so now all the people that hated me
and now gonna be like oh okay Brad and
okay now you're talking baby
hey guys I know I just said in my last
video that I hate this game
but I was just joking okay I was just
trying to click make yeah or let's add
nyan cat alright because that because
that's gonna you know increase the
quality of my video okay
did that improve the quality of the
video guys all right now we can publish
the video oh we got a score of 12 is
that better okay I think I actually got
worse random hungry oh you're hungry
okay I'm firing you need to click the
door and tell myself to go eat oh yeah I
love iane food man okay my latest video
has like a thousand views now oh my
goodness okay am I gonna borrow guys I'm
not getting YouTube money now I think a
thousand views actually is like $1
honestly so I'm not making the money
just yet okay we can now afford a better
webcam for $70 okay man shit is
expensive Jesus Christ if you do what
for you stupid God okay doing that okay
so this girl gave me a game on broken
worlds so she wants me to make a video
on this game I understand okay well it's
a free game alright so I'll take it
alright no I was playing email catapult
anymore alright so I'm gonna sell this
shitty game okay I don't need this game
alright let's make a video bro good
walls oh my goodness wow my toilet my
friend made me play this because my
friend is that she making me play this
hey I might do a formal greeting hello
how is everyone doing I'm Michelle and
now I'm gonna give some advice remember
to pee on the side of the toilet to make
less noise okay Brenda this bad boy it's
gonna take nearly 10 hours to render and
12 hours top-load Jesus Christ offering
don't you fool
see you guys okay if you gradually oh I
do more videos alright you get better
gradually upgrade your equipment alright
this is how you've become a big YouTube
but I'm telling you guys okay it's this
game is so accurate alright let's
publish this video okay hi guys I'm
telling now it's gonna go viral I just
know it okay well I can't use my
computer while it's uploading so I might
as a goal to go to school alright
apparently goddamn it going to school
man why can I just say I'll make videos
all day I know Brian alright so
relatable man oh this goes back Oh No
she wants her bloody game back
expensive-ass gaming convention is this
okay so I'm gonna save $100 if I mean
god damn it okay let me so gotta go work
and I gotta go deliver newspapers all
right wise why is this so hard man oh no
I am beat all right and my mom is coming
to this room oh no what does she want
from me bitch okay bands okay all right
don't listen to mom all right I never
this to my mom back in the day when I
was talking videos okay we're gonna like
shut up mom okay you don't see the dream
okay okay let's make a new video okay
she didn't take back this game all right
so I'm gonna make another video on it
okay I'm a top of the video my mom
yelled at me today please donate all
right the struggle is real guys okay
first off by doing the formal greeting
please shut up - okay all right just be
a pro-gamer apparently Brendan this bad
boy okay here we go upload another video
what score do I get oh oh
46 see man my buddy I was just getting
better and better and better
oh look guys I just hit a thousand
subscribers aha man I remember my first
thousand subscribers okay those were the
true fans or I don't know who you guys
are
or you don't give a shit about me all
right I'm kidding guys okay I love each
and every single one of you even though
I don't know who you are okay oh okay so
these are the calls that you get in the
game all right so stuff that you can do
well you know like recording your video
and you unlock more as you know you can
level up okay okay so I think I'm gonna
make another video on this game but I
think what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
like really progress into the game and
see what happens it says complete the
combo to boost the interest all okay so
if I keep making videos on this game
alright it's more likely to do better
and better and better
okay that's kind of true honestly
alright that's how you kind of get
subscribers alright you keep making
videos in the same game alright and soon
you start to get an audience who are
interest in this game alright it's
pretty good tip alright if you're
starting out broken worlds is like my
broken family because that's kind of
true honestly kind of sad honestly
Brenda this bad boy oh will scored we
get okay for yay I think that's better
myself
wait what is my computer broke good oh
no no no
my computer would happen do it I'm gonna
repair it how much that gonna cost guys
I've only got three dollars how am I
gonna do it bloody Indian repairman has
come to fix your computer there we go or
I'm screwed or check okay old f4 okay it
seems to work why did that not cost me
any money okay oh okay all right well
that's convenient oh no my mum's here my
room again
oh crap I've got to go to school forgot
to go to school shut up mama right we
get it alright I need to go to school
and get an education and get a real job
okay we get it
alright well go to study alright stupid
mom or I'm making me go to school even
though I didn't even use it in the end
okay who's this girl now coming to my
house okay okay I'll make a video all
she wants me to make a video and she'll
give me 72 dollars for okay sure Wow I
have 2,000 subscribers now Jesus Christ
okay this is escalating really quick
you're great on this month final test is
a beef okay I'll pass school all right
that's not accurate okay thanks mom okay
I love you sue all right now leave me
alone
wait she gave me $50 just because I went
to school okay is a good mom okay guys
you know what I think I'm gonna end the
video there that was youtubers life
honestly really cool game okay and I
think it's really fun all right
especially if you are interested you
know and starting up YouTube okay or
hand it have that sort of any sort of
interest like that okay I really want to
make another video on this game alright
because there is so much stuff which I
haven't even shown you in this video
alright because I haven't even got to
that point alright so I think I'm gonna
play a lot of this gay game in my spare
time alright
level up okay and then I'm gonna see
what I can do let run in this game but
either way the only thing guys so much
for watching if you are interested this
game go down the scripture and click
that link okay and find out more about
youtubers like these now on ps4 and on
Xbox okay
amazing amazing stuff either way though
or if it you guys so much watching and
I'll see you in the next video but
I
