ooh nice cookie much your condos we came
up to size with he lied to astute song I
hate when people do that
whoo hello everyone how is it worth
doing it by yourself air today we are
back yet again with simpsons hit and run
shut up
alright guys even killing it with the
likes recently I'm a lot about the next
episode as soon as you reach 20,000
likes today's episode is all about we
are playing bloody good Indian glory oh
we need to figure out who is
brainwashing us okay so if you guys
aren't keeping up with the story for
some reason buzz Cola is evil and we
have to figure out why or how I don't
know what's going on look at a boo-boo
sexy right
oh there's song sentence okay it seems
like we're okay so it seems like when
the same part of town as bloody Bart
Simpson nigga you to death noogie my
ever jiminy crickets Jiminy Cricket was
too many alleys cricket or I hope you
guys prepared for me during an Indian
accent throughout this whole video this
so cool I was kind of hoping he would
say something funny in Indian now I am a
lean mean vindaloo mushy hey move it
whitey I'm telling you if a Kerala Apple
was made today they couldn't do that but
this is hilarious I should refrain from
doing that in the future yeah it
probably should oh there's a monster
truck up there can I write that thing I
want to write what's a truck oh I can oh
this is so badass look at this car this
is just between me and you random object
is anything different about this monster
truck anything else different this map
scrimp on that
what does this button do alright so I've
been around the map and I really feel
like there's nothing different so let's
just start the bloody stupid missions
Hindu coming through coming through
look No ok I know I said that was a joke
fact the fact they says oh all the time
but he actually does look no shut up I
have been selling tainted Cola unless I
redeem myself I will be reincarnated as
a sea cucumber Oh collect rock time for
me to do that Hindu that I do yes thank
you come again
ok so a lost episode we realized buzz
colas evil so he needs to go follow this
Cola truck and collect evidence have fun
no I'm losing it while I'm sorry use
this vehicle just for this mission looks
like the end of the road for up
a pool now all I can remember from this
car is that it's so fast I love it okay
so I got to follow and click this it's
fun looks like a boon are supima petal
on is taking on the mob Oh mom so we
think the mob has something to do with
the evil cola so we got a wise guy over
here yeah I think so you can come over
here and damage our Cola business study
okay come on it is the Indians versus
the Italians
I think your average hello stereotypical
Italians please to tell me the source of
the evil Cola we all know nothing except
that the brains are controlled by
mysterious strangers you shouldn't stick
your nose in other people's business
they could come back to haunt you and
your family oh my gosh your thinly
veiled threat has reminded me of my
fatherly duties I'm supposed to pick up
the octuplets at the doctor's wait what
okay we got to pick up my children I'm
afraid we have a medical emergency oh no
oh no oh no your babies are about to go
to the bathroom all over my waiting room
you better hurry I heard the parents of
the show be Bill 9 to grabbing every
diaper in town I will get the diapers
but there's no way I could fit them in
my car well to complete this mission you
will need homeless custom-built car what
okay so I need to go pick up diapers as
my mission of Wyatt why how hard it's
bigger game
oh look it's Homer Simpson hey boo stop
it I'm sorry oh ma do you have an
oversized vehicle that I might be
borrowing borrowing no selling to you at
an insanely high price yes what's car
built for Homer oh it's the episode
where Carl Bildt what is the episode
where I'm a bit was on car 500 bloody
coins how am I meant to afford to buy
this glass got to run the kwik-e-mart
great okay babe at bottom I find 500
coinies oh this car - bloody fill up the
nappies wide always picked any other big
car okay let's buy the 500 coin car
that's such a waste of money
oh my God look at the absolute terrible
vehicle this is okay we've got to
collect ten nappies from this car that's
gonna be fun
okay we collected eight yeah I'm so
happy covered my incontinent children's
- she's that was closed another minute
my office would look like the Ganges
River Oh be great just driver in all the
land
okay wait did you see that one random
frame of dr. Hibberd face driver in all
the land
okay now we've got to talk to Krusty the
Klown for some reason no famous American
clown yeah require information about
trucks delivering evil Cola
sorry hello you need a professional
scumbag follow a cop until you find one
you'll have better luck if you you know
look American thank you horrible man
okay that was very horrible okay we need
to get American clothes how great I'd
rather get it in my home a car wait wait
wait
what's old Gil selling Oh Gil needs a
new operation Oh sounds a police car and
a cola truck well I can't afford either
those are shut up wait I can go into the
Department of Motor Vehicles it's
Passover greetings loyal customer tough
luck folks
I don't feel like moving the line today
breakdancing okay so we've got army up
ooh we've got our American apple and
Apple part of the bee shops okay let's
change to the Buddy American outfit
followed the police to find a criminal
why did I have to get dressed up as an
American for this follow the trail of
donuts for goodness sake
oh come on two more I did it yeah oh now
I've got a follow chief Wiggy destroyed
a guy's vehicle and ran over to you guys
okay I can now go talk to snake whoa
how's it going there Indian man dude oh
no hand over your wallet dude this is
totally a mugging no surely a violent
filth bag such as yourself could find
out who is driving the black coal event
I do have a connection at the DMV but it
will cost you oh you have to pick up the
litter from a community service
Oh hand over your wallet wait what
I just got mugged okay follow the
garbage truck and collect the garbage
okay now collect 25 remaining garbage
oh no I've got to do it and I got to do
it while running five more in 30 seconds
can I do it four and five I did it oh no
oh no oh no no I cannot watch such a
display of failure are you kidding
no no I've got to do it all again oh for
goodness sake that mission was goddamn
annoying and stupid snake my friend has
the information at the DMV go pick it up
okay okay
what why that goats keep opening click
the folder for some reason I don't know
what this photo does certainly fuller is
empty to rob me is one thing but I never
expected you to lie I've got the info
you need I just need help with a little
more community service oh no should know
better than to trust that demented
chuckle but okay okay destroy the
armored car and avoid chief Wiggum that
doesn't sound like community service we
try these things course as a kid I love
this car makes you feel so calm as you
what the way you can get rid of police
so easily wheezing snakes call it's so
badass
okay destroy the armored car I did it
yeah I have a feeling snakes making me
do his dirty work and not help with his
community service
look the Cola trucks are registered to
the museum museum you should never look
this adventure is more exciting than the
latter Oh dr. Barr is right here well
mr. Bart the evil Cola is being made in
the springfed museum but that closes in
five minutes and my car is out of gas
oh okay recent rise to museum wall I
completely forgot this is BOTS other
vehicle all this was so bad as it cool
as well destroy the curates car to get
the museum key and
but I'm actually excited to be going to
a museum mmm Shiva HV smooth : drifting
from that meteor whoa whoa three deadly
: but why Oh No
guys
what we did it but we destroyed a
priceless archaeological artifact what
we I did all the driving let's find out
who's behind all this strange color
business yeah I know it's a cliche but
like Caramba
photos look at these space ratings for
foolish earthlings
what happened King foolish earthlings
used to be the number one reality show
in the galaxy space viewers couldn't get
enough of these humans and their
behavior but our show concept was so
perfect
we filmed these idiotic bipeds with
hidden cameras and we made it to every
television in the galaxy these aliens
have been secretly filming an
intergalactic reality show in
Springfield there was a simple
explanation I'm going to introduce the
evil Cola into the water supply people
will go mad no I like it
no stupid laser guns at the squid port
tourist area no I like it
Oh Cola madan humans will go berserk
I like delivering big big space ratings
for foolish earthlings
good to prevent the aliens from putting
laser guns in the hands of Cola drunk
townspeople yes who I that sounds
hilarious I watch that show did you
watch you're a bad little boy now like
that cutscene says the aliens are
planning to taint the water supply with
their evil Cola so I think the next so I
think the next episode is the Treehouse
of Horror episode so a series 20,000
likes I'm gonna upload that video
straightaway either way though thank you
guys so much for watching and I'll see
you in the next video man so the guys
love you Baba
