okay now at the moment in UK it is too
goddamn hot man you think I want to be
sitting in this goddamn chair filming
shitty videos for you know I want to be
outside filming shitty videos for you
okay so rubbish sitting over there okay
they probably wondering why is he
sitting over there so I'm gonna ask you
a couple of riddles okay and if he gets
them wrong he gets a water balloon in
his face 100 water balloons to be exact
look at all those bloody balloons men
now the war balloons I got were these
magic balloons okay they fill up like
ten at one back in my day I had to tie
them one by one and it was so annoying
when you walk right in war balloons look
I'll show you it's so cool okay so what
you do we just put it in the hose pipe
spin it on like this then you turn on
the top and look it does it by itself
thank you last one so cool yeah okay
Robert yes when I was six my sister was
double my age
I am now 22 how old's my sister oh
you're gonna okay question number 2
before Mount Everest was discovered what
was the highest mountain in the world
it was Mount Everest because just
because the ones are solid yet doesn't
mean it wasn't the highest one it's stop
flinching so much take it like a man
okay just stay still which one of these
two sentences are correct the yolk of
the egg is white or the yolk of the eggs
are white why not the second one because
I break your nose
a guy is running in a race he passes the
person in second place what position is
he in second place
oh yes because he took over the guy in
second place so now he's in second place
you see that smarty is this statement
true or false my birthday is in the
summer the 25th of December
what I don't know no Frost it's true
okay cuz I live in the southern
hemisphere Rob no you dick okay so that
means you know my birthday is in the
summer you go because their seasons are
flipped yes a lie you can't just lie
listen okay if I was born in Brazil okay
all right now Robert the next one is
very tricky okay which one of these
words in this sentence is spelled
incorrectly breaking that's not very
good yeah oh by the way the answer to
that one was incorrectly okay the word
incorrectly is spelled incorrectly oh
yeah it makes sense
yeah cor you you just had to think about
it okay you stupid ass how many months
have 28 days in the degree what's the
right what's the right three three okay
that was good
alright the answer was is that they're
all the 12 months have 28 days in them
don't even have more than 2000 for that
one okay now Rob it's the last question
all right the last time anything that's
on board by war balloons okay
my mother has three kids April May
what's the name of the third kid April
May and my mother has three kids April
May and Brandon brands the name of that
kid cuz my mum has three kids okay
my mom has three kids I'm one of her
kids cuz she's my mum how does that one
make any sense cuz she's my mom I'm the
third child I will be sucked okay now
it's my time to get wet ten questions
can't buy into it probably I'm not
looking forward to this look how many
bloody balloons are in this bullshit you
ready Brandon yeah good you ready to get
wet
yeah I have a dirt hole that um the
dimensions of the dirt hole are 10
meters by 10 meters by 10 meters how
much dirt is in the hole ten times by
ten is a hundred 100 times by ten is a
thousand a thousand no oh no it's wrong
actually the actual answer is none
there's no dirt in the hole the holes
made out of dirt so all it's a hole
there's no dirt in the hole
our second question how do I go eight
days without sleep how is that possible
you sleep 9 yeah yeah ok yeah yeah yeah
you don't sleep during the day unless
you're a lazy piece of shit or you work
night shifts Brandon you don't know what
it's like ok yeah you get one just for
being invested what five letter word
becomes shorter when you add two letters
to it you add two letters becomes I two
letters to a while it becomes shorter
five letter word five letter word you
add to what okay that's just stupid
what was the word short the word is
short you add two letters er oh oh come
on how am I supposed to get that no we
don't celebrate it here is that your
final answer
yeah no we don't celebrate fourth of
July that's American the day July 4th
everywhere no matter where you live oh
the fourth of July yeah we have a what
goes up and down
oh this head a seesaw right a seesaw
goes up and down doesn't move
I have 18 bananas why eat all but seven
how many bananas do I have left
18 minus 7 is 11 11 partners bananas
left okay final answer final answer yeah
I refuse you made it this time Brandon I
have 3 apples Brandon okay yeah I have 3
apples yeah and you take away one so how
many do you have I take away one Apple
so then you have two that alright what's
heavier a ton of feathers or an elephant
that weighs a ton about the same a ton
okay well how many balloons you got left
we've got like a shit ton okay you might
as well might just keep yeah just just
throw at me okay no I'm not okay you hit
my nose oh my god I'm bleeding Robert
you broke my nose
okay get me a tissue get me a tissue
okay you told me you'd rather I you oh
my god okay I never break my nose it's
mine just a nosebleed yeah okay pretty
gross okay I think is the blood off me
now no it's all over you wanna shit I'm
gonna end the video yeah okay it's fine
it's just a nosebleed okay guys thanks
for watching okay
