Waldo suck Willie on Duke
sucker Willie hello everyone how is
everyone doing as much as Sophie we are
back yet again with again yeah you guys
really love this game okay as soon as
you reach 15,000 likes I'm gonna upload
the next episode this episode is
that's my favorite episode Lisa with the
bloody saxophone snake is very steely
for mouth that's not funny
bah-bah-bah-bah bah-bah-bah-bah bah bah
bah well probably the most annoying
stupid character in The Simpsons
great we have to spend a whole episode
with blood Lisa Simpson how great is
that
wait what Lisa Scott is the state all
right now don't remember a lot from
Lisa's chapter okay we're in like a
weird part of town I don't remember any
of this shit
watch it buddy he jumped into my car
let's go exploring the town oh we've
heard a bloody casino itchy and scratchy
shine Oh God
oh we've got Barney please stop jump
I remember this oh yeah we've got the
pier okay
I remember going round the pier because
it's a bunch of civilians and you just
run them all over sorry
Oh No sad day for generic characters
everywhere
okay the pleas are gonna forget about me
now watch yeah yeah okay oh yeah the
Duff blimp I remember seeing that as a
kid knows like I think I can write it
but you couldn't ride it got a tunnel
and everything man Lisa wait a second is
this the Springfield dam can I go down
the dam yeah I can can I commit suicide
it's okay she's alive okay it's okay
I didn't expect Lisa KITT just fall
toward that star jump again cool we're
watching you kids cops never sleep or
damn chief Wiggum okay what's my first
mission it's a comic book store guy why
is Willie at the shop window with what
it seems to be a pig where do you think
you're going oh I need to find my stupid
brother have you seen him yes yes can't
talk now I must get the last copy of the
new itchy and scratchy adventures comic
then I guess you want me to find it I
just asked you a question he's like no
shut up little girl help me find this
comic book listen I don't care about
this
but comic book-y just tell me what my
stupid brother is okay this games pretty
easy all right but I think now's when it
starts to get a bit hard you have been
for my store I think you could have
avoided that I need full impulse power
what do you mean you're driving you fats
I'm ready
Oh dry i won yay why the shit am i
helping this guy why does he know where
my brother is
I spilled my squishy I spilled my
squishy now to get this inky treasure
into its my large sanctuary what about
Bart
I think I saw him at the noise land
arcade now to go online and bid $1,000
for itchy and scratchy corncob holders
right now go talk to stupid Milhouse I
haven't seen can i buy your frozen
yogurt No all right what's my mission
drive to Wally's weasels okay new house
what are you doing here Lisa huh what a
coincidence
oh shit is that a new dress I've been
wearing this dress for years I think
he's at the planet hype since it's hand
run more like Simpsons and drive you're
Bart might be out by the Springfield
sign perhaps you'd like to share some
chewing gum kick your bloody shit oh no
I'm stuck oh no oh no pretty sure if I'd
lose this I have to reset the whole
thing again now I'll probably have to go
to Vassar oh please give me a checkpoint
please give me a checkpoint I got
something again oh no now the police are
on me no no
I wonder if I can kick Milhouse down
there i okay it's okay he just
teleported my your hair looks plenty
today have you seen Bart's or not do you
have a date for the harvest dance
so where is port then for goodness sake
Milhouse you stay down a little shit
mission talk to a poopoo oh hello Lisa
hi oh no dr. Guo this is terrible a very
bad man is delivering roadkill to all
the Krusty burgers we do the last
episode it was clear great now we're
working for our poo and we have to kill
clears hickley is just pick up truck and
pick up his is dropped roadkill okay I
can see my house from you way I'm not
sure if I remember in the game right but
I'm pretty sure a poo has his own
mission in the game I can't remember oh
yeah I just remembered Lisa's looking
for Bart because it last episode he got
doctored by aliens
I completely forgot okay so that that's
what we're doing right now okay now we
got to talk to Professor Frink because
he was the last person to see him
ooh it's professor Frank's office oh hey
there Lisa I don't know where Bart is
head he probably got abducted by aliens
Bart help me build a monster and then
disappeared in a bright light I need
someone to talk to who is wise and learn
it folks a grandpa Oh back in my day we
played video games instead of watching
people play video games baby I'm just a
senile old man but Bart's lucky redhead
fell out of that black car oh yeah I
think I need to borrow auto school boss
I know I'm a little young to be asking
this look I don't have any special
brownies left
do you think I can use your school bus
hooray
okay by the school bus for 300 coins all
right what I gonna do destroy a black
van why they decide to go to this stupid
school bus is so hard to control oh
actually it does damage sorry sorry
sorry Lisa you're mad at me kill him and
destroy him okay this is gonna break my
car oh no oh oh no okay okay talk to
chief Wiggum Publishing I've gotta find
my brother well girl I'm busy collecting
evidence on jailbird no no I don't want
to help fine wait here and I'll get
changed
wait wait wait wait I need a disguise to
do this next mission what the hell oh
yeah I forgot to check there's different
outfits so you've got Lisa cool
she's like a hipster we've got how is a
bloody sandwich
how is a hockey player and that's it
okay we have to buy this one follow
snake and find the three strikes of
evidence against him how fun oh it's a
follow mission haven't done one of those
before
I hope those are a recyclable I hope
those are recyclable you'd literally set
the same line twice okay Lisa come on
now oh no my loo snake is meant to be a
follow mission Bob literally right next
to him how is he not notice I'm
following a knee strike two running over
an elderly person without a license
I'm Bruce short running over the elderly
person is the bad thing not doing it
without a license I did it
these are recyclable stop saying that
you stupid Lisa about your brother
I've seen lots of mysterious government
types over at the docks maybe they sent
him on a nice cruise no it's aliens for
goodness sake why's nobody telling me
that where the aliens are you are a good
cop after all you just saying that yes
Mia culpa
I hope he's our recyclables okay now go
speak to the sea captain
I'm a pilot have you noticed yeah maybe
I've seen something and maybe I haven't
rendered me a favor asking for favors no
one's telling me anything they're all
making me just drive places I have to
collect twenty-two fish okay I remember
this mission guys it was an absolute
pain in the bum bum okay I've been going
as far as I can okay if I don't do this
I'm gonna really flip my tits come I got
it I did it oh okay good turn wet bodies
or what you got a yard oh yeah sure I
your brother okay
he was in a long black limo and ahoy
thar she drove though she chose the
black limo follow that limo he's in this
black limo quickly Jason I love follow
missions they're so entertaining why is
there a time limit on a follow mission
imagine if I get a mission failed
because of this three two one Oh guilt
oh oh no he's got five seconds left what
does shit destroy the black limo to find
bar oh okay I'm an idiot
oh no murderer EB he wasn't in the limo
what he got out and he boarded that ship
wait boss not abducted by aliens
look look we finally found Lisa where
you been stupid Bart making me phone out
don't fall don't fall noise dr. M I
killed Bob oh no he's brainwashed I
gotta wake him up what's your favorite
catchphrase
kiss my grits
oh no we didn't is that the end oh my
god we spent that whole level just
trying to find bar okay but we found him
all right the aliens must have dropped
him off on this bloody ship okay guys
that was Lisa's mission now I believe
it's March or up who next I actually
can't remember but like I said the
beginning of the video as soon as we
reach
10,000 likes I'll upload next episodes
straightaway thank you guys so much
watching I hope you're enjoying the
series and I'll see you in the next
video man so the guys love you Baba
I hope those were recyclable I hope
those are recyclable
