I'm so annoying how does anyone watch me
hello everyone how was it one doing it
myself it today we are playing we are
playing simpsons hit and run this is all
my favourite games as a kid okay
it's basically like a child friendly
version of GTA I played so many hours of
this game at the game I'm not sure if
I'm gonna make loads of videos on this
if you guys want to see more then leave
a like if we reached 10,000 I might do
more buh-buh-buh-buh-buh and here we are
baby we are eight cents again run I let
this much homie pickle Marvel guess I'll
pick my wife homie don't kick me I will
take your words of magic oh I got me a
part you're my wife oh yeah that's right
your dad right I'm right not the palapa
nice one almost like everyone I'm too
fast oh no the bleep I got busted and
got charged 50 claims oh yeah that's
what happens when you lose only somebody
ate every damn house that was on me must
have been one of our kids probably
Milhouse yes probably my house okay we
need to go to the kwik-e-mart I'm bloody
buy ice cream that's a great first
mission go to the kwik-e-mart and buy
ice cream ah man I miss this game so
much it's easy as pie mmm
eggs uber easy hahahaha man I forgot how
funny this game is alright here we are
at the kwik-e-mart you want get to see
our food football Apple oh hello Brandon
welcome to the kwik-e-mart thanks Jules
come again hey look it's Nelson in
Milhouse
oh why they go into that back room are
they doing some bloody
okay I don't know Nelson and Milhouse
was gate
well Milhouse is kind of gay let's be
honest I'll call don't blame knock me
down oh my goodness okay I think I've
unlocked all the cards in the game so
we've got the family sedan we got they
let Taurus which i think is the electric
car in one episode is it a gossip lauki
the duck truck and a surveillance van I
feel so good to play this game again it
looks great by the way I'm playing this
on the PC and I've added like a HD mode
okay it looks so good did you do your
homework yes mama did my homework oh
that's good you're such a good child mom
hahahahaha all right stop terrorizing
civilians okay hey homie did you get my
ice cream yes I got your ice cream okay
out of my way jump me Lisa left for
school with our science project can you
do I have to have to drop it off on the
way to work and I have to go to work on
March okay race Principal Skinner to the
school and give Lisa her science project
why does principal skinner care how much
relation I can't be today so we we okay
Lisa diorama all right we're going to
give it to our school II for my loss
nachos oh that's good race Principal
Skinner drives Principal Skinner chasing
me
no can I learn this drug yeah dumbass
I'm at the school it wasn't even that
hard to be Skinner let's do it okay I
lied to school yeah I can go in I mean
school look this Ralph's eating paste
I know hey my kick Lisa ha ha ha ha I
know I could kick inside
thanks for bringing me my model of the
digestive system yeah hey where's the
gallbladder I got hungry and it was a
big it was modeling clay by the way dad
mom called she said she needs to talk to
you at home before you go to work whoa I
just talked to me before I got bloody
let's see now the one good thing to this
game compared to GTA is that there's
kids in it if I want to kick a kid what
the fuck sisters although what it does
is what I remember doing in this game is
kicking tubes in the road and then
waiting for cars to run them over
oh oh shit gets you and I even die oh
she didn't die oh yeah I also remembered
if you hop into random cars okay instead
of actually hijacking their cars you'll
just ride shotgun that's not how I
remember it but uh sure wait can I go in
the house I can go talk to Ned Flanders
he seems missed NPR's all Caroline I'm
the world's greatest neighbor I even
have a mug to that effect so let me get
this straight much I see you first thing
in the morning you had told me to go to
school and then go to what well then you
tell me to come back home just so that I
could go to work go in the bloody gate
well hardly own a Baroni how you do can
I go I go gasps Little Italy widely
widely widely I pick up broken egg oh no
he's up I'm all in a dither Homer so
many of my possessions have disappeared
oh oh called the police to find the
culprit oh pretty
lawnmower my cooler my lawn family
portrait
rats inhaler what caustic individual
would take this stuff
oh no I borrowed all of Flanders stuff
think of an excuse to get out of here
yeah excuse me I have to go go shuck
some corn chuck some corn okay oh no we
need to collect nice old lost items
Eddie I love you so much I love you too
kiddo you're a good child
anyway let's do the mission all right
quick we need to five Lana's tuxedo go
apparently I left it right there
for some reason really get along with
Bonnie I need a - boola - oh hey Homer
morning quickly I just got us corn up
you remember that cooler I gave you for
your birthday
yeah and the other Flanders was it back
how will I use for a toilet uh you can
tell me you blew in the coolest
disgusting all right I found all the
planets top let's give it back to him on
our planet not a very good driver
yeah you can tell letters look I found
your missing stuff yeah about the reward
reward thanks neighbor Rooney here's
your reward
whoo prayer from the Lord's number one
fan well our Father in heaven bless this
know Oh stupid Flanders getting
happiness from religion ha ha number one
we're number one yeah apparently I have
to talk to Barney for some reason Barney
can I borrow the Pearl King who take
what you want sexy leprechaun uh oh yeah
that's what the coins are for I have to
buy vehicles ok I need 50 coins be right
back Barney okay by the plow King I'm
here it is the Falcon destroyed Smythe's
vehicle before he reaches the power
plant and realizes you're late for work
serious get it wait the aim of this
mission is to kill Smithers just because
I'm late for what a big ol extreme after
say an okay killer yeah I want more it
should do it one more hit one more hit
Sam I can her navarre okay now that I
just nearly killed Smithers let's
finally go to work okay pal plot this
way oh yeah we haven't got this way yet
oh my gosh look the trailer parks over
here are it's all coming back to me guys
yeah I love this game so much
oh yeah I remember this sign don't eat
beef eat deer reach so funny
well I know ii wasn't no stunt jumping
Oh
save me tubers all right black egg isn't
fast enough to that but you get it oh
can I sleep with that camera Oh sexy
girls could be watching me on the
Internet that's why let me get this
straight
Palmer just came to work and instead of
working he wants to sleep alright why am
i destroying these power things if you
don't married her cam I broke you it's
called good point you gotta admit up no
I don't get double jumps because how can
you jump in midair you got nothing to
jump on okay at the pictorial thing I
can get some sleep
yeah mindless drones return to your ugly
families what oh oh oh that was a good
day at work okay you did a lot you can
do well done okay time to go home I
could play this game up I'm so much I
swear oh wow
it's actually really not hard to run run
run in my house
run in my house before the got me busted
so copying GTA said in other news local
citizens are outraged over the discovery
of surveillance cameras throughout the
Paulo yeah one out of City Hall where
mayor Quimby is feeling questions from
an angry mob these miniature cameras are
an outrage spying on our women
stretching rooms bathrooms and locker
rooms is unforgivable I think I speak
for all springfielders when I say where
is the sexy footage much black been it
spying on us oh no honey you're so sexy
when you're paranoid
what was it custom what were you talking
about although the black van we why do I
care why didn't I say I'm sexy when I'm
paranoid
it's games weird alright I'll follow
this black van do I okay it's just fun
okay we're now drive through the power
plug
I'm sorry get no getting away no don't
stop Bowser Bowser Bowser belt
Oh mr. Burge is behind all this what mr.
Barnes
what the shit denied even do talk to
Maude okay why am I talking too much
Oh Howie you're so sweet when you pick
me why you little
do purchase buying everybody yeah we've
got to follow
yeah now a new violent video game has
hit the screen what and we need to get
rid of it before
what's any children when it's gluten
works why would I care I went to go tell
Marge about mr. bugs and she completely
ignores me and tells me no army we need
to go destroy this video game play my
playing as much then or Homer I have no
idea what's going on guys okay what not
I did it ah oh I have to talk to call
for some reason I know what's going on
you look like you having one of your
trademark adventures yes
mr. burns mini cameras black vents fault
good thing our drug wears minute here
now
I don't you just destroyed Smith is
entirely on now I got a racing baby I
know the shortcuts because I'm amazing
at this game ok I beat Smithers yay hey
bands kick in alright now I think yeah
that is the first chapter of the game
okay guys I'm going to end the video
here this was me sharing probably one of
my most favourite games as a kid if you
guys want to see more videos on this
then be sure to leave a like if we reach
10,000 I'll definitely definitely do
more videos on this because I love this
game I would love to play more if not
it's okay
it doesn't really know either way guys
thank you so much watching I'll see you
in the next video man so the guys love
you
ba ba but
