Oh
get ready for it here it comes here it
comes
that's right ladies German we are
playing Barbie Dreamhouse party the
video game based on Barbie life in the
Dreamhouse TV show okay great show all
right I love all the characters my
favorite is the horse okay okay see I
played this game about like two years
ago all right and I just realized all
the Barbie games are now missing from
Steve
so yeah you can't actually buy and play
this game anymore so you know what I
thought our play again oh my god
win we are actually in the tree house
Bobby baby girl how about you show me
wouldn't never titties do and he got
this scar over here I forgot his name
hey Ryan Ryan you up for game day sure
if you're there it's sure to be a blast
Oh playing the field tool boys like
Barbie hey look it's a go we're about to
start a game yoanne Barbie little black
dress with pearls oh my gosh charades is
boring start with your runway strut
button then use the right trigger to amp
up your pouty face yellow button pushes
you to peak chic then right trigger for
your end of the runway vogue I think I'm
getting the hang of Barbie can I borrow
a scarf for the Malibu Movie Awards
tonight
sure Raquel and I love it I'll 57 rack
34 this is really funny I can't take two
hours of that horrible game time to shut
down the whole loud annoying mess yeah
shuts off the game the dream house is
now on lockdown
GLaDOS lockdown then without further ado
let the games begin
whoo okay so that's the story we're
trapped in the dream house and the only
way to escape is to play minigames okay
let's first start off with Barbies room
search the room to find the challenge
item okay oh look at Bobby's room it's
all I have hidden for shoes blind them
and put them onto the pedestals in the
right order okay find the full pairs of
shoes I cannot wait oh my god I can't
bother the pile of shitty shoes spread
out girls we have to find the shoes okay
I found the shoes it was behind the lamp
but it's only one shoe woman I do with
one shoe stupid Bobby oh look the black
girl found a shoe I don't know her name
okay they didn't tell me our name she
found a shoe box skyscraper move left
and right to catch the boxes as they
fall so we got to catch as many boxes of
shoes as we possibly can seriously
you're taking my shoes so is every one
of these minigames about making shoes
took away my box of shoes how am I gonna
leave the house if I've got no pairs of
shoes to wear okay I did it I got a
stack of shoes escapes so way to come on
just share the shoes okay you don't need
all that as I get wet bitch why our
shoes and beach balls flying from the
sky anyway you know what I'm supposed to
uh barking questions listen you guys are
actually just it's not over yet
okay this balls out on my face okay the
only balls are one of my faces Ken's
okay okay I I did not do well
forget it - too bad I came third with
the black girl still don't know her name
hey it's raining shoes how could you not
love it
this game is funny I secretly love this
game okay we've now I'd loved a new area
let's go over there okay we're at
Chelsea's room yay what do I do now find
that one find the hidden jewelry boxes
find the jewelry boxes oh my god is
someone's age Oh ready come on girls
spread out fight the jewelry oh my go as
a gold hey pick the right accessory to
go with the fabulous outfit okay I'll
try I found a light pink necklace yay
accessorizing don't Teresa what happened
who's Theresa okay this is teaching me a
pouring life lesson okay
accessorizing is so important okay what
a post for your vlog Nikki my blog oh
god she's blogging Nikki nails it
alright that's over finally did I win I
pretty thought I felt like I won yes hey
girls you have just access or rised your
way out of here
I am serving up a challenge girls ok
search for the cake batter and put them
all the pedestal okay in the right or
okay let's find the cake batter I don't
get the searching part of the game that
we have to do at the start I don't get
it oh she found a cake ball oh I found
it bitch I put it down right place no
Hey
OHE found it cool when they adored it
yeah pick up cupcakes and return them to
your own table of course okay what am I
meant to be doing I'll let you have to
pick up cupcakes oh that was brilliant
Barbie Wow
I didn't really do much what am I doing
with my life why am I playing this game
I
no cupcakes I've got okay are we done
okay that was a whole mess how many
cupcakes I got 76574 seven porn Awards
they don't call me the cupcake master
for nothing baby okay that wasn't even
funny
listen you fat bitches okay you got 50
cupcakes each to yourself all right and
you're all upset and ungrateful okay out
out out we're ditching the kitchen it's
so funny okay three rooms down six more
to go okay let's go over to the library
shut up Bobby has a library in a house
okay I'm supposed to believe that let me
guess
find the books in the library of course
that's gonna be it find the mp3 players
we're in a library using mp3 players
Jesus Christ is this teaching little
girls okay what to do all right not
reading books and just finding mp3
players what I found it yeah yeah I
thought now be free player don't you
just hate it when your mp3 players stuck
in the library oh my god this stupid
girls broken your mp3 players like I
can't pick it up oh my god this is okay
I might have to quit no I have to play
it all again oh my a dance-off okay
guys the songs over you guys can stop
dancing now here look it's girls just
freestyling alright at Brewster I won
that right 275 Jesus Christ do you guys
read don't not the dance do you oh yeah
I just realized we're happy we had a
dance-off in the library you know we
couldn't like like a reading minigame
but no we had a dance-off in the library
okay next one is our makeup room Bobby
has her own makeup room in our house
really let me guess
find like the lipstick or something
first find the makeup bag makeup bags of
course alright we found the makeup bags
what's the mini-game okay we've got to
apply makeup faster than my opponents
okay of course okay apply the eyeshadow
now the mascara ivy awesome thanks now
apply the lipstick cause it goes so
whatever how do I know these things
okay I've never used makeup before I'm a
22 year old boy all right just check
that busted this down and boom
she's pretty again have fun makeup
classes are now over okay
please head out the door okay thank you
thank you mr. robot okay let's go to the
living room next locate the hidden stage
lights and place them in stage lights
okay this game just gets weirder and
we're done okay I'm with these stage
lights we are gonna do what exactly
we're gonna strike a pose down the
runway okay I can do that
okay here we go baby let's go left again
oh yeah don't puff on Barbie dolls how
many times do I have to say this Jesus
yes Oh madam assistant if I win again of
course that one cuz these stupid a I are
soul at this game everybody says
they want to be a supermodel yeah but
you know it's not easy to vogue down a
runway in five-inch stilettos with its
flash bulbs flashing oh my god Oh Who am
I kidding
it's the most fun ever I love it
okay okay we're done guys just three
more rooms fourth room next come on now
find the four pieces of grooming
equipment grooming equipment whoa Oh
even the animals as fast you can
okay I could do that okay we got to
clean the animals all right this isn't
puppy rescue anymore man after playing
this game it makes me realize this
game's literally for like five year-olds
but I don't forget the bowl and that's
it the dogs good to go all right now on
to the next dog oh my goodness that was
really close I kept George buzz okay now
let's go to the garage later go to the
Guru find the tools look for the
detergent detergent great throw the
laundry carts back into the trap doors
am I gonna come out like we're crazy
wait what why am i trapped in a bubble
seriously this is like a death trap okay
what if we don't make out the bubbles
and we suffocate and die in them bitch
did I win I'm so sorry perfect I won
again okay Tiger the last room now the
Wardrobe how lovely find the clothes
find hidden boxes of clothes
okay fashion frenzy choose the clothing
that closet says to wear compartir fan
we got to pick the outfit that the thing
says yay all right then I win I think I
won 27
severed come on I want every game sever
like one okay what happens when we
win the game is there like a cutscene
the end - did we escape the dream house
come on guys oh there's a cutscene did
we leave you guys did an awesome job
with those challenges yeah did Barbie
yeah we worked it okay I'm gonna end the
video here leave a like if we reach
10,000 I'm gonna do more girl games
because you know it's kind of funny and
I kind of like it deep down I don't know
why either way thanks so much for
watching I hope you guys don't mind now
see you in the next video night so hello
guys love you Baba okay
