hello everyone how is everyone doing
this myself it today we are back in
again with that's so right ladies and
gentlemen we are back with the best game
in the whole of the youtubes
ha ha do you guys remember this game it
was like one of most popular games on
YouTube and no one plays it anymore you
know so I know what IVA played it in
like 8 months
so well sure let's play this shit I go
on the most played levels and look it's
a hundred thousand Jesus Christ no one
plays this game anymore if they're
playing those shitty levels
ok I'm gonna search dumb because I think
dumb ways to die level show up okay
let's just play this dumb ways to die do
one dumb way to die is putting in the
wrong potion my potion is nearly
complete all it needs is the secret
formula but you can also die by falling
TVs no way that was my goddamn TV here
Amelia go oh hi it's funny you can also
die by meeting Slenderman oh god I
killed him again you can also die by
that damn jet fall what
you can also die apparently by playing
video games that was it funny okay now
it's dumb ways to die one click here to
start the movie grab the popcorn number
one rope swing failure number two so
throw failure you suck man Road you
number three ball throw failure hope you
enjoy it I did yeah it's just watching
that was fun dumb ways to die again
they're all called dumb ways to die I
love this okay apparently standing in
closet will make you die but that's a
football toilet huh
apparently so dumb way to die oh god
damn it I've been fixing this goddamn
car all day I really hope this car as a
follow me I flushed my head hearing JB's
voice Jesus Christ this joke is that you
like 10 years old hearing JB's voice
more like hearing my voice forgot to get
out from exploding TNT die what was the
point eating an expired food oh man I'm
so goddamn hungry put all these boots
expired maybe just one bag won't hurt
doing homework up ironing means it's so
funny
Santa giving the wrong present what I
put is present
oh it was dead arrow gunned oh these
arrows don't should we interface just
the same it's dad to closer set fire to
her I said
okay I stick at a grizzly bad always
liked the song eight mess in the side
date use your private parts as piranha
bait now choose it made me the happiest
man alive suited with will you do me the
unis marry me he's mine
oh okay she killed it my wife okay
that's funny
van mechanic hey Franco so good oh not
to playground to Jesus Christ he could
just let go and just killed one of them
but that's your room - that's nice funny
alright that was fun
searching up dumb next one I'm going to
search up is necessary escape the box
it's a box oh no this box it's closing
in Oh escape the box is easy all I've
got to do is break the glass out no no
they're gonna be the clown wife go Oh
God
I love these levels because it's so easy
to okay we must make it a helicopter
okay escape those obese would have to do
come for the window going or no zombies
well you gave us Zambian axe I don't get
it awesome bees are coming ah look I
just died okay they just fell over
oh no the elevator is broken alright
that's fine just very slow quickly we
have mini mates in helicopter go don't
worry we'll make another one escape
school you're sick of school so you get
your dad to escape wait what okay class
settle down settle down I'm gonna take
the roll call okay okay so the idea is
that I'm the dad and I'm trying to take
Timmy out of school early leave school
just yet it's only 1:45 I don't care
okay today's lessons was just sit and do
nothing anyway okay repeat the second
year they said it won't be on oh they
said goddamn it I'm never going to
graduate class rooms bust through the
door come on city city with nearly
escaped from school okay class
I can it is I really really like to suck
on the titty what did you do to my
sister's okay
oh hey what are you doing anyway destroy
the school shut up oh shit okay
oh god brother you have to save me from
this place listen dude okay you took
that class alright I'm not gonna help
with emergency weapons we have way what
the principal is gonna kill my son level
through the kitchen oh my okay they they
are cooking the students oh no it is the
principal stop I am the principal you
shall not okay it just just exploded
okay everyone we're so nearly done we're
so nearly done Go Go Go Go we did it
Jesus Christ Noble was so long
no honeycomb my name is buzz and I will
give you a tour around the nest what the
hell is this level okay long story or
short story you know what we'll go for
the long story okay get out before it's
too late
do please do not would you do
what the hell happened there's nothing
winky face
Oh winky face okay of course you can
trust it now alright you could trust
anyone with a winky face okay alright
let's go I'll keep going with at all
something happening here is this where
we keep order honey ah save me uh let's
just ignore that dead man
so you finally sussed us out does it
matter that we kill humans to make honey
wait what
you killed you Bobby you know too much
already we have to tell you well you
missed me okay you killed my son though
but you can have him yeah sure wait what
whose lava Oh what the hell good I know
what the hell's a lava and why is it
trying to kill me
I'm so confused what the hell is going
on right now you are real trouble now
the queen is cover for you oh my the
Queen killed me please don't leave don't
try to kill me hey was that level okay
that was close was quite funny we did
the log story what's the short story
wait what are flying me this is where we
practice fly oh my stupid humans we are
trying to kill you okay Jesus Christ
that was girls kind of dark okay guys
this was happy wills the reason I'm
playing this today is because I have run
out of video ideas so I doubt you guys
want to see more happy wills but if you
do then leave a like and if we reach
10,000 I might do it more often okay but
you know yeah it's up to you either way
though thank you guys so much for
watching and I'll see you in the next
video man slowly guys love you Bob
