what's with a smooth jazz you like jazz
hello everyone
how is they were doing as much as au
pair today we are back baby with mr.
president the president is going to be
assassinated this time tomorrow I could
say them I'm coming for you jumpy today
we're playing the game where you play as
the trump's bodyguard okay and you have
to save him from being assassinated i've
made a video on this board you all watch
it okay this is where I left off I
forgot stupidest gamers okay this is
where I left off we are in buddy many
huh
let me stop dying the president is being
assassinated
we must go front flip oh he's over there
he's gonna get shot
music Illuminati citizen what a god save
the president yay oh that was the last
level oh okay I pretty should have ended
my video there last one okay we've done
the first second third level where are
we going now reporting those Donald
Trump promises to bring jobs back to
America finally I need a bloody job so I
can stop doing this gay your troop thing
but I doesn't make any sense because uh
it's actually a really good job plus
unknown Americans what does the bloody
Chinese I make Donald Trump merchandise
is very good make America great again
ugh okay just for mr. Trump can I have a
lunch break please you will work in the
death no lunch break but miss that's one
please I'm so hungry
okay so it's a Chinese sweatshop how
lovely video game a jump boy
you're goddamn save me aah god bless you
and God bless the United States of
America
Donald Trump oh this one where am I now
oh shit where's Donald Trump where I
can't even find oh oh wait one it's it's
bullet to his death what the happened Oh
Donald Trump's on a bunch of blocks and
then he just like falls and then burns I
don't know how I ended up here but I
don't know how Donald Trump and go in
that situation but he did I'm having
sweetie skin tanner or six degree burns
rockbound burned alive get it cuz he's
boring how much was the Savin then jump
oh my god wait maybe I'll go down the
ladder oh that's what I'm supposed to do
run run run men men no don't he'll chop
chop it chop it chop it no bird today
allow you save me I don't know how I
ended up on that fire face but your save
me make America great again
now what oh no he's hiding behind for
the sweatshop workers has died
the shit am I supposed to get rid of
these stupid Chinese people go oh damn
it I say but I save damn again I'm so
happy
wait now you mention it you saved me a
lot of times I did save you mister
person that's my job
well can you do me just one more job of
course
oh yeah okay so the guys shooting me
from there and he gets shot there have
fun they've got time it now last time oh
no chopped fell in the noodles I don't
know why we've gotta join noodles but
weird we do drop goddamnit don't you
hate it when Donald Trump falls in a box
of noodles time it time it time it easy
I did it
now we've move on to the next level God
can I pick it up with shooty oh I can't
pick it up and shoot me have you
accepted rump into your life no oh we're
back what stage Oh always Donald Trump
meant to be God now hello no our
severance it is me Donald Trump praise
your Savior
why's everyone the audience just white
trash scum oh wait no that's the only
one I like Trumbull oh look at me making
political jokes huh okay I already tell
this one's gonna be hard
also goodness sake do I really have to
go through all that rumps god-like
reflexes dodges a bullet don't stop
bullet you baseship what does shit down
do I get up there so I think once I do
this
this is hardy Hardy bubble Rd I'll drop
you two pears you just too bad that shit
that was actually really cool okay next
one Oh God
now what are for goodness sake what's
with all these obstacles dude every
music
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh I fell off the chair
Thole before every jump on it
oh okay it was that you that easy okay
okay well that was a lot less epic but
you know I still did it we're going to
the next chapter
Oh what could be next is Trump on our
magazine Rob's plan for Isis have taken
over an escape what are we going to do
about the ISIS Oh No let's get mo
torture Oh the torturing terrorists what
that's right guys
church of those people yeah I'm down
Trump so what about to bolt over this
guy oh I meant to break the jail cell
yeah I mean jail would you do it drop
terrorists where is easy fruit easy for
this move oh he's gonna break through
the jail cells and safe really really
you gotta trip me up when I'm just about
to save the president Oh save put a job
from jail to jail jack oh come on do it
for the bar my next to me I did not see
it coming
why didn't he know it's summer button a
bomb white mixed from the dumbest
bald-headed he's not bald
just walking alone oh no oh no spike
this was easy right oh no no I'm just as
users understands no drop out all right
now what oh my goodness and they water
torturing people okay this is this games
got dark all of a sudden oh I'm going to
hit the tap come on hit the chapter any
more games there's more levels how long
is this game Jesus Christ
rumps connection to Russia we are going
to Russia drink vodka in Russia we don't
drink vodka vodka drinks you ladies you
know you already are what is in Russia
oh no English that they have four guns
what are we going to do no I didn't say
Oh mrs. Raab it's nice to meet you okay
god damnit Putin you did this yay booted
you shake push - oh I did it I got the
bombs
okay I've kind of got a chair stuck in
me and yeah I've broken my guy oh hey
guys I'm an W here because I have no
ideas in this level okay it's absolute
bullshit yeah I'll see you guys next
video of mine if you guys want more of
this leave a like 10,000 I probably
won't because I can't get past a stupid
level either way take a staunch watching
goodbye slow
yeah
