hello everyone how is everyone doing is
much so pay today we are playing agents
of mayhem baby
that's right nation we are playing the
new I'm joking we are playing ages of
mayhem it's by the same makers who made
saints row ok and it's all similar but
it's all like a spin-off series ok
and I absolutely love Saints Row so I
know I'm gonna love this ok it's got a
bunch of new characters a bunch of new
other stuff you know so I thought I
would just jump in create a new game see
if the games good probably is I'm going
yeah if you guys want me to play more
leave a like 10,000 I will kadhi see
should I watch this one I feel like it
because I still have no idea about this
of this game I wanted to go with life ok
also evil guys are shooting they are bad
guys I know they are shooting everyone
if the agents
it's the ages of mayhem so bad SOS my
dad's over there gonna go with its bold
headed guy every bold guys evil you know
that okay except it pose now what's
going to happen oh it's wrong that
drones will execute everyone oh no Cody
is not happy it's exam first have you
agents that they have woo
these are the agents again all the evil
people like this guide and that God know
that goes friendly agents am coming soon
know coming now because I'm playing it
right now episode 1 knock knock who's
there
me soon South Korea forgot are y'all
stay ready when you are Persephone
Persephone the Koala way so Stephanie if
it oh he's after separation
they are in the briefing room yes ma'am
Hollywood fortune and hardtack or all I
know why I asked for Friday of course
you know there is one small matter I
like is quick well it's personal
and you know what not important to talk
later
oh okay you'd like okay baby no okay
also it is is it dark matter warhead oh
it is capable of dismantling reality
itself over land a loss of life and
property the planet is the brainchild of
this man proposal Oh baby your objective
is to fold a Shinto for one while the
war has still it to kill dr. Babbage
still moving
all right go we're in the game I can
walk around do all this shit or I gotta
shoot guys explosion I have a special
ability attention seeker wait what you
grinning out my chest press RB for
special ability okay Oh everyone died I
love it mayhem ability blockbuster
Hollywood live that with action hero
genes with constant explosions what
let's cause a bit of may qumy qumy ask
us you sick baby aah explosion and
photos it's no John what everything's
exploded okay way to go now Lee shit I
own the bed Emma story set hold on I'll
settle down real quick oh shit um oh
what the hell is so deep I think I made
the glowing call angry wonderful
important I've been a giant evil ball of
death we're never Dominator Hollywood
any better
dominators death that's a lot of bad
sounding D words uh you wash you it
dammit what happened poke the bear I
poke the bear
oh joy what rod okay I don't know what's
going on but I think I think I did a bad
thing
oh hello oh oh rod not gonna die rod oh
no God rod
did I make it okay I think of a line
okay I'm here I'm at the rendezvous
rendezvous elsewhere okay I think we'll
plays the other ages now whoa whoa whoa
I love kicking Legion I love kicking
Legionnaires with my shotgun okay so I
think you could place like a bunch of
characters
this is hardtack he's just some big guy
with a shotgun
oh no civilians kill the pain I can't
you a civilian oh wait no I just did
okay what hardtack special police
special Billy telly harpoon
he throws a harpoon at a target and then
teleport to the right in front of you
okay to this guy and oh oh oh shit I'm
gonna dad
that's pretty buddy may have ability
depth charge okay fire our limited Minds
and detonate them okay here goes nothing
a little further of those don't you
don't you bye-bye
fire well okay by the mine had it slow
you don't know what now okay what I
rather make slow for no reason
okay I'm made up with this guy I'm with
Hollywood okay you Air Force were you
air for two we're gonna find outside
players go yeah nice job on the turn
thank you I just think I heard see I
just did that so we got a situation in
the southwest cargo bay Oh
my first day Oh No love my pretty fuzzy
well I'm gonna give it okay my specially
is cannonballed
wait Wi-Fi to stop out my chest too
without going on uh first believe oh my
god okay and that gives everyone I'm a
hammer Billy she pulls out a drone that
kills people who okay and go for another
was a nice diversion now better still
shit how is the nice diversion but now
that do really shit at this it Oh
minigames I'll slam it n and and that's
how you hack computers ladies and
gentlemen okay so I stole the powerful
and nuclear weapons punch it alright now
one all right fellas let's go kill us
the bad dog let's go oh hell yeah bode
franchise force is back in action
franchise franchise what now everywhere
of course gave us a nickname
they just give yourself a nickname
that's not just me he's already my
favorite character okay give yourself a
goddamn nickname oh okay I can swap
between oh man I can't talk me Noah with
me why don't I swap between them okay I
know which one of my favorite character
is yet so I'll play I'll try and play
the one it feels kind of similar to
Saints Row but it's not really all right
it feels like a bit different but very
similar similar
pimia Bimala Pamela fin fin Mueller
familiar that's the word Jesus Christ
shooty shooty shooty shooty shooty
shooty shooty Jesus Christ some
explosions fine dr. Babylon worthy I
call dibs on taking a selfie with
Babylon scar taking a selfie with
babylons corpse he's 40 lovely maybe I
should have known something yeah
you fools call me a fool of me there is
my fragile a pony can so tell me tales
dr. Pony what our Polti cut back here
you also oh okay it once again Adria
you should have thought no consideration
no regeneration listen Baldy advocate
you are only brute swing bullets hey
with me these are the big decent that
ride because what is it they say when
all you have is a Hammer Every Problem
looks like a nail
Oh farewell snake did it activate this
weapon son to you my sweet pet have fun
in your new home oh no that's bad so we
failed the mission we need you hell out
of it we need to get the hell out of it
oh nice calling a heart what do you get
out of it the well mr. Donham a woman is
slow pour it see what you can do here
pretty boy wait what why mate because
you poke the bear oh yeah whoa what
happened did we fail Oh
then everyone why
Oh No it's like a comic book but like a
show you know smell it now dead mr.
gorpley did we ask mr. Caprice though I
don't think we did but I'll take it
anyway yeah we get XP we get to level up
our characters okay all right I got no
gadgets I got a that thing I got another
new gadget
I got a that thing I don't know what
these things do but I'm getting loads of
gadgets which is nice okay I got money
$2,600 those other how much money I have
I should retire with a lab with that
much money
Jesus it's just I think he sees me more
like a sister than a woman you know
what's your opinion on intra-agency
romance Friday
wait why what did you hear there's a
crush on someone goodness hold on what's
this what's they don't a.m. what's up no
no no I'm picking up a massive Dark
Matter energy signature Friday here
there yes hello agent what's going on
going on yeah so I don't think getting
Babylon is going to be as easy as we
thought why why look all these Korean
people whom this guy's jumping around so
happy I'm so happy this skull of his
taking a selfie selfie with me I guys
I'm talking on the phone right now I
shoot them oh okay well I Jerry I just
Friday and I mowed down the civilians
okay I don't know you could do that but
I can okay why am i chasing down this
big ball again it's just a nuclear
weapon - I shoot it I don't know either
oh snap each website or they kill
everyone what do we do we need to get
another descriptive
oh stop are they shooting
what a blitz trooper a girl shot you up
watch out when they jump no telling what
to do listen I scare these guys look
let's kill them like that okay oh wait
there's more of a mouth shit okay keep
going from going whoa ow ow ow ow ow ow
stop it dead and dead and sober this
game I don't know how Oh coming key I
could try I could drive right now I
could drive but yeah I'll just drive
over there okay this is so cool we out
sorry excuse me up we out now crane okay
I just told this round guys car but it's
okay I'm a man I'm an agent of mayhem
it's okay
ah what's it doing now would it get
thick ball
Oh No
guys it got it was at the Rock Monster
Gollum why why should I write a column
now cooking use my personal beliefs you
should have a baby
yeah it soldiers everywhere exid music
and everyone killing and dying and sure
they may become our dollars so I asked
and God
are you done okay I think I killed it
okay we kill the big column thing did we
do it mission complete everything
completely back look XP I love XP is so
great but no goddess I love gadgets Oh
quite cool I don't know what anything
think and can you tell me no factory
login dynamic was too unstable for my
work when it will miss my crystal rate
analysis cannot be rust your time is
nearly up
do not squander this final opportunity
yes
Morningstar I got a plan a plan B hold
that the Cermak comment the crystalline
cases shell has a Dark Matter resonance
more than sufficient for the
Morningstar's plan and I have precisely
the tool for the job
let's go Nesmith graviton induction
resonator oh not fail me Hammersmith I
must have that comment what a comet are
we stealing a cop they're stealing a
comment with what anything there is this
I'll get it 4000 some cute little vodka
oh no I just killed a bird everyone is
on their phone slow disguise of the boat
that guy's on the phone this guy's on
his phone why's everyone in Korea on
their phones
this guy's smoking smoking will kill you
oh sorry yeah well can I climb buildings
I can't
whoa that's cool okay I can go back to
our is that like my mother base is that
my bar might make learn to swim oh no
it's all ogre wait what is it okay it is
like my base oh ok so it gives up like a
rundown of everything
so there's 57 missions and 5 lieutenants
defeated oh ok so that's basically the
aim ok ok so I wanted to jump into this
game blind because I wanted to see my
first impressions but I feel like
there's a lot to learn about this game
and like I feel like I'm not doing a
good explanation of like explaining it
so I think I might play a lot of this
game like in my own spare time and find
out a lot more stuff about it before I
like I make it like my second video
there's an armory here and what our
fight agents okay that's where I could
equip my different gadgets and upgrades
and court upgrades and stuff like that
okay I have no idea about this sort of
stuff I've done a lot of stuff in this
but like yeah I mean so I need to put
some hours of this game okay either way
though you guys will see more definitely
leave a like I definitely want to play
more and yes I will see you guys next
video man see you have a guy's love you
Baba
