hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is special selfie today we are back yet
again with the Walking Dead Season one
Episode three baby now if you guys
didn't know I have started up the
Walking Dead series yet again after one
year
alright now the reason why I've done
this is because telltale if you guys
didn't know are now shutting down okay
so I this is the sort of game that I've
been wanting to play like always you
know and I never got around to it you
know and I've always wanted to do it so
down finally doing it okay so yeah if
you guys liked this series and leave a
like alright as soon as this video
reaches 20,000 likes I'll upload the
next episode okay so we did episode 1 a
new day we did episode 2 starved for
help
hey those guys tried to eat us down and
now we're gonna find out what happens
next on the long road ahead
previously on a water dad previously on
The Walking Dead he said it he said I
said it and he said it I want to know
why you stopped bringing more mouths to
feed this guy died do any in my family
shake from those I've saved up from the
monsters to Lariat the drugs I stirred
up Tulare and now I killed him now he's
now Kenny won't forget I know who you
are
yeah cuz Lee killed a guy who was
cheating on his wife you'll be safe
oh yes who is this crazy-ass woman I
have no idea who this woman is alright
this is the reason why I wanted to do
this let's play is cuz I don't remember
anything from the shitty-ass game okay I
never played it
alright wait who's going
the choices you make the story is
something something - I am Morgan
Freeman yeah so I've never played this
game before
alright I have no idea what's like ahead
in store all right but we're gonna do it
together
The Walking Dead Oh scary and be a spec
store so we zoom out on bloody hearing
footsteps Oh who's running exactly are
we hunting for supplies that's what
we're doing we're hunting for supplies
episode three the long road ahead yeah
this videos gonna be like an hour long
guys so we got a long road ahead alright
this might go so might actually go
smoothly
yeah might yes sir laughter last time we
do I come you guys hurry up in something
action-packed happen alright because all
these things usually slow at the star
and then everything shit hits the fan
oh my god where do you come down on Stan
or going you know
packing up the motel and getting in the
RV yeah that's the paddock but you made
up your mind yet oh yeah cuz the Katy
wants to go and they eat RV but should
we stay I think we should go we should
go we should go to class of course I
mean I'm leaving that safe you're damn
right yeah ass damn right and if Lily's
dead set on staying and well that's the
way it goes
yeah he's last a stupid stuck-up bitch
oh man look there's never an aeroplane
landed in this bloody pharmacy for this
shit man what's going on over the rig
into the pharmacy and scream together
whatever supplies are left sounds like a
plan we didn't leave lunch in there oh
no oh is this where we were some oh this
is where we were in episode 1 this is
the pharmacy this is the pharmacy that
Lee's parents
dooster own and live oh my god the pro
hunters come loose
I'm not sure how many more trips she's
got in her oh how many more trips we've
got in us oh ok let's see if we can
climb up the ladder probably not there's
no safe way through that mess shut up
Lee oh we can climb on this car
apparently yeah yeah one nothing in that
before Kenny come on can you help me
come on damn it
I can't reach you even try what the shit
is we try and reach we can grab the
winch on this car you guys know our
winches is the thing that's on the card
that like this it's a winch sorry I'm
not listening to why that there say
we killed a dad's world with children
there yeah we did kill her dad yeah we
did kill her dad so yeah but come on now
who really liked Larry okay all right
put that at the winch in here loudly
dude
oh use the winch control and then oh
it's gonna start pulling it is it oh
yeah baby okay so all that and now we
can finally you know Gandhi's give me
your hand
yeah yeah sure you covered it all right
just pick me up already oh oh no oh no
I'm gonna get knocked out what the hell
happened thought you said you could
handle it yeah what the hell you ever
been shot before I'm sorry
Christ oh he got shot I remember is that
oh yeah oh okay this woman screaming who
is this woman oh no don't say that
don't save her Oh God it's a go we have
to help it's a go going to get us
I don't give a shit all right okay come
on
won't you just got there all right so
now we can see she stays on oh just like
man I should probably have this girl
where she's just screaming away
okay and Thomas got up you chose to
leave the girl yeah of course I'm gonna
leave the gun let's go all right okay
well we left the girl my bad personal
doing that honestly guys I don't give a
shit
this poor girl really makes me feel bad
about leaving this poor girl sorry I
didn't because a big deal
she's screaming okay forget it oh I just
grab what you can all right grab with
you can alright this girl screaming in
the background but but we did it because
you know for our own good just grab
everything oh no oh do I run out of time
she's gonna know there's not much time
now oh okay well Lee died okay sorry I
need to stop like dying every time Oh
Tommy help me did I fail oh no I think I
failed can you help me help me oh no
what happens if I die Oh
okay so we escaped and now we are at the
motel all right everything's all calm
all right we just did a little bit of a
supply run
no need to to go crazy oh look there's
arrows on our base have those bandits
been giving us a problem still I think
they have our guys we can't we can't be
here any longer man we need to get into
this RV and we need to drive okay we
need to drive away far far away
clementines talking to someone who she's
talking to
some stickers in a drawer and I put them
on my walkie I don't give a shit oh I
hate this woman all right what's her
name Kali
hey nice work this will keep us going
yeah what if we can't really like this
we'll get through the winter here
lingering freeze our asses off here we
went we go to go with you two after what
you did to my dad is so appealing why
wouldn't it be
all along we have to go with it yeah I
think we got to go guys we have to do
anything you didn't want to go because
of your dad's health but he's gone now
cruising easy Kenny okay I know we were
just killed no dad okay easy and it
can't be you versus us living we're
sorry for what happened to your dad but
we're in this together now
yeah it's true you got to cooperate it
is on the apocalypse what about when
this place Falls somebody's got to be
thinking about this shit roof we got
plenty of food from that station wagon
you didn't even want to take it where
the hell would we be now just keep our
fingers crossed for more station wagons
truly to go we got lucky and let a girl
get eaten out there
uh-huh we did some girl came screaming
out of an alley
she had dead hanging all over oh that's
enough time to get everything we could
out of the drugstore ah we got what we
needed it was just something that had to
happen oh we've been putting our lives
on the line doing these runs into the
city you wouldn't believe the shit we
see yeah all appreciate it Ken you
should be thanking Lee for not shooting
that girl it's not so easy for him
look Oh oh come on it doesn't like me
now it's hell on earth and it's coming
this way
yeah we've got a dollar I know you're
not above murder I know somebody has
been stealing our supplies that's all
right
stealing and I know the list of people I
could trust here gets smaller every day
now everybody yeah whose boots do you
supplies I missed didn't surprise okay
up and gather supplies wow she's right
you know
it's just getting worse by the day
that's why we go to go on she's not
helping is she she's not no Kenny
she's been through so much it's true man
don't blame I we killed that down god I
remember that none of this is getting
any easier ah
all right so could we just go Eddie why
why are we still here things are coming
to a head Oh oh well I think you did
good today I did do good today in that
most days yeah oh yes of course Tommy oh
she likes worth following up with Lily
about what she was saying about missing
some you shit with her wound up the way
she is I don't want to see her paranoid
yes you've been crazy too
oh and I'd like to talk when you've got
a minute just talk now we don't got a
minute oh you were just talking to me
now gonna walk all the way over to you
and talk to you and God cool up the
stairs just talk to me what do you mean
what the hell I shut up you stupid girl
why you think I'm gonna waste time
talking to you you stupid bitch I'm
Georgia Clementine Hey hey Clem hey
sweet pea Clementine hey Clementine Klum
my teacher Miss Moore showed us how to
do them when we went to the Botanical
Garden it's the same kind of oh it's
very simple Clem yeah very
please don't cuz I it's going in a trust
you like it here do you like a sweetly I
like it here
Oh wanna leave where are we going oh
we're out somewhere else no maybe if I
knew where Oh it'd be a good thing yeah
it's true we don't even know where we're
going yet you know and doesn't
Clementine have to find her parents I
mean I'm pretty sure our parents are
dead well you know they might still be
alive so we should be going to where her
parents are right talk to Lily yet what
no not yet
I will yeah well what do you want well I
wanted to say was I've been thinking a
lot about you what about what about you
stupid gun huh you collect you like to
meet your convicted killer Carly Jesus
and I think people should know Oh
people need to know because we're
hanging by a thread here and I can't see
Lily talk about you without thinking
it's the next thing she's going to say
Oh tell everyone but think about who you
trust and take the opportunity while you
have it
Oh so they she wants me to tell people
that you know that what I did and I hid
I killed the guy that was sleeping with
my wife you're probably right
yeah I think I should honestly people
might be pissed and telling them might
cause some trouble but it will be our
cry from what will happen if they don't
hear it from you of course yeah yeah I'm
Lee okay you're you're right I'll do it
or let people know you're totally right
I think it's for the best okay yeah I'll
tell people who keeps a shit okay
alright so now Lee's gonna go and tell
people all right good talk oh don't
thank me later something's gonna give me
something lame have the night before can
I tell Clementine I'm a murderer okay I
need to talk to you for a second no
before I met youin up for the plague
okay sorry shield somebody oh that's
what oh that's it it was a bad thing and
there's no explaining it
oh you telling me because I didn't want
to keep it to myself anymore oh you can
go on back to your things
oh wait the Clementine understands what
you did on that camp in time so cute how
could she decide I didn't even get any
explanation hey Clementine I killed a
guy okay are you - are you doing how you
doing okay
yes having a little spat all right
everyone shut up okay just just speeches
I got something to tell you all right
Kimmy you've got a second yeah guys
something yeah I know well you got okay
all right something something something
dark man I killed someone different than
Larry or the st. John's different from
everything Oh
this was before the walkers oh I know I
didn't say anything when I met you
because I was with the girl and you know
I was worried Oh smash the guy's head in
with a 50-pound block of salt you saw me
do that right yeah oh I did and you're
talking about who we were fuck does that
matter
it's everything this mess has got us
doing now oh he understands he's duck
safer on you
of course then yeah you don't know
anybody any kind of explanation oh
they're all so nice about it uh-huh it's
making me think what if I didn't tell
them then everything would have shit it
would have hit the fan okay maybe I
should be telling them I've killed
before Oh
I mean before the walkers so for the
walkers you mean you were a murderer yes
II that like damn straight I was what
are the details oh okay it shows nobody
tells you
would he have killed you Oh probably not
probably not no no I don't think he
would shit
Oh catcha sees me differently now you
were locked in the fridge
at the dairy what uh he'll be back Kenny
made sure Larry didn't get up oh do oh
she doesn't know he smashed his head in
oh she doesn't know
oh no we just told her her husband's a
murderer
oh no oh okay sigh oh she meant i just
ratted ratted by a boy out oh now now
she is so angry at Kenny alright damn
straight cards I will remember that
alright let's just talk to Lily then and
I think we're done wanted to follow up
on what you said about stolen supplies
yeah someone stays supplies what's going
on
oh just heard you mention it and you
even here to confess Oh stealing shit I
came in here to shit somebody one of us
out there he or she or they have been
taking things oh who is it for real real
but we counts off and it's the good
stuff
antibiotics oxy fuck any oh they're
taking the good medicine out and it's
fine I keep my own that one's getting
messed with whoa that's right now but
I'm not stupid I know what happens if I
start a witch hunt oh I want you to poke
around oh we got to find out guys I
found this tossed into the garbage oh
it's a broken line I toss out equipment
we fix it you'd only try to get rid of a
flashlight if you're using it when you
shouldn't whoa okay you're right okay
I'll poke around poke around all right
so we got to find out who's been taking
off shit okay you don't find anything
I'm just going to assume it's you well
mystery what doc you in it
I heard you guys talking need to unhear
all of that yeah oh yeah oh that you
know your inner grace detective and I
can be Dick Grayson your wor handy Mel
bloody bit coughs all right you can
but just don't tell anyone okay you can
help don't tell anybody
no telling you wanna lie shut up you
dumbass da cos I'm on the case
what's this dumbass duck okay I hate
this kid Hey alright so all we have
going as a lead is a broken flashlight
okay and duck will help apparently the
flashlight was broken oh you know you're
not in trouble if it was I know you get
nervous and maybe you went out to go to
the bathroom broke it got weird and
tossed it what's with the third degree I
didn't break any flash all right calm
down
all right dumbass kid all right I don't
know who's got a splash like guys I give
up look guys there's broken glass over
here it is a clue oh it fits the
flashlight
Oh are we gonna find now oh we're gonna
find out it leads around the corner and
at least to this X what the hell who's
been drawing X's oh it's fresh all right
shit you don't have any help all right I
found it all right so Clementine has
chalk so should we ask her a Clementine
hey Clementine
do you have any pink chalk
oh it's gone somewhere Oh someone took
clementines chalk oh who asked the chalk
Oh doc did you find out who has the
chalk I found something what is it over
by the gate whoa totally I was calling
the scene for clues yeah doc I got it
yeah you should shut up dog okay hey
yeah wait what he wants me to high-five
it oh man should i high-fived out now
but you're good you're good duck okay
you just keep standing there okay yeah
yeah you're good honestly yeah I shut up
duck are a piece of shit oh look there's
talk on the bottom whoa okay all right
let's check outside who is the person
that's what stealing supplies what were
they doing with this short ex I met our
they may be working with someone like
outside all of our of our of our Motel I
don't know what's going on
it's a bag that's our supplies oh my god
that's what's happening someone giving
supplies to someone outside and leaving
it here oh my god sir never bitch
someone's been stealing from us oh man
who's been stealing it can't be
Kaali right I haven't come up with
anything happen can't be miss girl with
this I found what imagine it was on the
outside wall and there's a sign on the
other one oh yeah what do we do that's
why the person in line everybody up
everybody everybody somebody is killing
us stealing from that supply is the same
as slipping into your room at night and
cutting your throat like Oh what is the
difference what the hell the people that
we're giving the drugs here just keep
them talking do whatever it takes to
stop him pulling a trigger okay guys we
gotta go we gotta go we gotta go we
gotta go
oh no these poor people's putting your
boot to these doors yeah Oh No Oh No
I'll give myself up um we have more
supplies we can keep the deal going too
late shithead we giving second chances
oh no mix-up we'll make it worth your
while okay I'm listening always this
thing will leave you everything just let
us walk out of here
you can try to pay us a little visit
leader oh no no no okay
nice job Oh oh god oh god oh god oh god
oh god oh god oh I would have to do that
I probably should know oh no there's
more than coming Oh No maybe I should
have done that oh shoot
now we're going in the or because we now
we know it's not safe oh no okay just go
oh God Oh Clementine she's not safe yeah
oh no we have to save her time my god go
go go go go Oh No
oh okay I didn't see this guy he was
apparently it was right in front of me
Oh God
she get there I think just got here I
think she got here and she got better I
think she just hit her head again at the
RV oh okay I think it's fine I think
it's fine go go go go go shoot shoot Oh
okay so everyone okay that's it they're
all dead they're all dead - Coco Coco in
the are they and with five me going in
the RV Oh what about the poor girls oh
shit bro go go go that's who so we need
to figure out how this happened
we just lost everything well we're lucky
this RV nobody died cats patty split I'm
fine somebody in here caused this oh
yeah there's that there
the bandits have had our number for
weeks this is different somebody was
working with Oh
slipping them our meds they didn't get
their last package Oh calm down back
there
that's nuts we found a bag of supplies
hidden outside the wall yeah
it's someone that someone's been faking
is there something you want to say uh-oh
we have to get it out of you then back
off you're in no position to make them
is it huh whoa whoa whoa you're just
pointing fingers Oh God just come up
with this I've had my suspicions
paulie's trustworthy she's not a traitor
Lily yeah I think she would do it she
can fight her own
Oh unless there's something going on
here that implicates you ball oh no she
bloody likes me she kicked me earlier
that's why that's why she likes me I
know it sounds nuts but we have a
traitor here did you go get that someone
who puts their insidious shit above
everyone else thinks whoa
nobody was stealing anything was it you
what I've seen you two together was it
both of you
just Oh No come on I didn't do it but I
don't like this I don't like where it's
headed he didn't do it
look me in the eyes and tell me you
didn't have anything he didn't do it
Lilly lay off of him we gotta stop do
you think it was about to admit it we
care about it
oh no oh no ice we're dealing with it
now so who's the trade-off everybody out
Oh bogey out oh no what do we do what do
we do what do we do what do we do should
we just own up but then it was someone
no so I mean I mean I don't think it's
Carly I know it's not me
could be mean so we're gonna deal with
this or what no what we shouldn't just
kick you out we should hear what
everybody thinks we kick it out maybe it
was both no no no no way it was calling
was somebody else
you couldn't even been someone sneaking
into our kids yeah that's ridiculous
oh good don't you think okay find that
Kenny no crannies trustworthy achieving
anything oh stop panicking seriously Ben
you need to stop and just take a breath
whoa calm down need any more evidence
than fish bug evidence
stop treating him like this
I've heard enough out of you whoa honey
wasn't it gonna be just give me a damn
minute
oh you have until that Walker is dealt
with to tell me it was her and not you
done this you're torturing him oh I did
it
what yeah it was me that gets you to lay
off the kid wall I think you're capable
of being a real piece of shit but I know
it wasn't you not with career Oh
happening you think you're some tough
bitch don't you oh nothing can hurt you
no scared little girl no fuck overall a
page from Lee's book and try helping
somebody 400 we just killed a diet now
look what she's doing Oh No drop it
come on we're doing so much library man
now I was just shooting each other
ah shit should we keep her oh yeah we
can't take us yeah I mean I kind of want
to keep it just to see what whoa what
happened
Lily which aunt have you with us just
leave up I don't care what he did before
yeah we owned up you know yeah
told me I don't give a shit whoa with
this how long he would she would have
dragged me out I don't have anything
left
oh she was gonna rat me out getting Li
ah yeah well you could've caught you
can't just shoot a girl that you don't
like we don't even know if she took the
supplies or not
ah man do you think it was Ben
I mean Bette Bette Ben wouldn't do that
because you know you know someone ended
up dying because of it so he wouldn't he
would have own dark I think well maybe
no I don't know who knows but yeah
anyway so I was just not gonna find out
who took the supplies oh this girl's is
on the road now what was she gonna do
now ah yeah she's pretty screwed yeah
she is pretty screwed guys all right she
is pretty much dead are you okay oh no
he's tell you that all right oh no poor
doc Oh doc oh no he could
fuck happened during the raid no what's
the plan you've never had a bite victim
in the group before whoa keep an eye on
him and see what I can do but he's gonna
die if we keep the same plan unless
something changes east oh no Kenny else
is there to do we thought you should
know
oh no your kid's gonna die in ain't uni
honest with each other ah Kenny your
kid's gonna die is gonna eat you in shit
okay I don't see that shit that's gonna
eat poor Clementine oh no poor Kevin
type are you okay
Oh Clementine this poor girl yeah this
is so scary
Oh to escape the motel oh no he's gonna
die gonna die that's right Oh clever
trying understands okay so we still
don't know who took those supplies but
it doesn't matter anymore because we're
now going across the country hello oh oh
we got so caught up ahead oh it was it
was a dream I thought I always confuse I
was like wait so doc bit Clementine
roads
oh shit Oh a train wait a train might be
better right do you think we could still
start up again I think that I think
that's what's in your wedding all right
why would there be a random train in
this game all right come on now we're
definitely getting on this train
oh poor dark oh how is it still alive
you and I go look around
Oh Lee if you come across anything to
drink if there's a dining car or
something
I think ducks a bit dehydrated Oh No
all right so let's check out the Train
see if there's any supplies or anything
like that
oh shit look there's a pet Oh some dirty
old fantasy seeing us hobos the
luminaire Shh
I think they're gone uh I hope so but
this looks recently used oh it does a
lookout and have your guard up oh it is
kind of scary
where somewhere this is hobo lost
looking ass oh there's water head okay
cracker Joe Dirt okay oh there's a map
here oh okay is this good map of where
the train goes I think these tracks
might lead to the coast Oh Savannah that
smells good - go get us headed yeah well
perfect then oh shit look at the front
of the the train there's a zombie a
zombie in there all right can we use a
spike remover
oh god oh god Oh hit him hit him hit him
hit him oh okay he's dead - suppose we
look him over
dapple all right it's fine he's a he's a
dead guy oh god what happened did he get
Shaun think this guy came back oh Christ
so how'd he die look oh whoa
it's just the brakes okay I'll get we're
starting the train works seems like it
Wow how hell do we get it move and he'll
get more we don't know
that's mr. amtrak over here hey miss in
the boxcar back there yeah we did this
what it looks like cymatics so this
horse will take us right to Savannah a
hundred tons of steel put a thousand
walkers between us in the ocean we don't
have to give a shit yeah well there you
go
what about duck he's dying what about
doc uh what about it uh-huh look nothing
happened to her
yeah we can't act like he's dead either
okay fair enough but you get this thing
stunner dies pages ago Daniel I can can
I see the indentations from the right oh
I know cuz remember when Clementine was
doing that pencil thing she would get a
pencil offer all right use the pencil on
the paper and then now we know the
instructions there we go read it now
yeah should be able to just follow the
steps to get the end you know oh there
you go sounds good oh god how this shit
am I supposed to figure out this Oh Oh
son of a bitch oh whatever you did let
the - up hell yeah right ton oh we did
it boy we did it we set up to train shit
we're gold oh man okay that was annoying
Oh doc what about Doug oh man
look kitty it's something we're gonna
have to deal yeah we can't take ducks
with us yet we don't know shit Lee Oh
fucking enjoy this uh Cain's in denial
about his son
oh man I feel bad okay yeah see if it'll
move I think there's too much on the
back for it to move all right there we
go
Oh tell me to remove that oh we did it
oh okay that's done now we can stop okay
Oh what happened oh Jenny my stuff well
there's a guy here named Chuck Charles
if you fancy that you outside yeah yeah
and the guy up in the cab yeah
so you walk in through here and thought
about scaring the pain self oh okay yeah
I do kind of freaking me out yeah I
already met everyone outside they all
warm to me right quick in direct
sunlight
oh yeah it's true cuz if this guy who
was seen at night yeah I would not trust
this guy I played guitar oh okay you
don't accept candy from strangers okay
especially you bad and you should know
that welcome thank you thank you
love the road house you guys I just got
to talk to this guy so fast ah man
doc is dead man I'm awful sorry your
son's not feeling good Oh appreciate
your concern well a little TLC I'm sure
he'll be fit as a fiddle in no time
oh yeah I TLC ain't gonna do it so we're
gonna fix this train then or gonna kill
doc what's gonna happen noise just gonna
play guitar okay well anyway
Oh Kenny sit we're cut loose so that way
yeah or what about don't got much left
so just gather whatever you have let's
go oh we're ready to go we're taking
duck shit oh no oh no but dark getting
sicker it's getting sick Oh
because red eyes even even Kenny's like
like what the hell my son we can't
ignore this it's 38 kitty this is
happening
ain't shit happened and if it were what
can we do here oh and we find something
better that is the plain I think we just
wants to talk it through
it's talked through oh I'll be upfront I
don't want to hear any nonsense until we
get where we're going Oh Kenny's not
listening
ah Kenny's not listening about his son
ducks gonna die Kenny can't you just we
like that we're all gonna die because of
your dumb ass son ah man he's in denial
okay alright well Ducks gonna just come
with us let's just hope for the best and
nothing's gonna happen
alright Cain's in denial oh no we didn't
talk enough to Kenny we should have
talked to Kenny about it oh man okay I
hope I've really gotten not gonna regret
not shooting duck but I'm sure it's fine
Oh God look at him okay it's fine all
right so we're making progress I think
it's much better being on the train
because it's gonna go way faster you
know it's gonna use electricity so we
have to worry about gas you know we just
going
so yeah I mean where's clementines
parents we haven't heard anything from
them
yeah oh it's cause you're not blood oh
it's got blood everywhere oh no I don't
want to see duck like this poor duck
rest in peace doc is so dead look how
much blood have a nine we need to stop
this train
oh shit so what we're gonna do stop the
train and kill him no I don't want to
see that in this episode I don't wanna
see Paul duck die I mean I know I give
him a hard time and everything cuz he's
a bit of a nice shit you know because he
was a bit annoying shit earlier but I
don't think it is those two die and I
don't like this game okay because I
can't I can't trust any of the
characters okay because if I let them
get close to me they're just gonna end
up dying I'm just gonna be hurt poor
Kenny doesn't want to talk about it up
the truth I was not even listening what
the hell's that
your son's blood get out of here me all
dying
nobody knows shit he'll be fine he's not
I'm sorry I said talk like that right
now
go back there and tell my wife
everything will be fine
no damn deal he's a little sick but we
can't just quit
he is scratch he's not like the others
Jesus Oh y'all are just making it worse
sure this isn't about done the hell it's
not
you think we're pals and you know me Oh
elitist prick with the fancy education
who could pick me apart it's more like
that the fuck it isn't oh no you didn't
kill her shal son yes I did and now it's
catching up to me oh he's guilty you
looked out for your kid
the bad thing happened to someone else's
help put someone else's in the ground
oh okay mean got the train stop the
train man
I convinced Katie to stop the train Oh
porque knees they damn my son man my son
Oh guys this is how the episodes gonna
end the duck is gonna die rest in peace
little ducky okay stupid-ass duck hate
this kid
it's time this is a sad we gonna do what
are we gonna do oh that's uh know him to
become one of those things Oh didn't
what if he doesn't
Kenny he well very very well he well I
need you to hear me what you are saying
that he may not turn is foolish but oh
there's
come on can you think of one you let me
know isn't there some sort of pill or
something we can just give them just
drift off to sleep right hon I mean
Jesus this is our son buddy he's not aa
or nothin
oh we're gonna kill em ooh then you want
me to oh you don't have to
I'll kill doc yeah we can say our
goodbyes and just let that be it yeah
okay yeah I know
all right I'm just doing it for myself
mainly give us a moment to say goodbye
of course
ah that's sad though I don't want doctor
died honestly I'm kind of still scared
of doc honestly like I I know he's dead
he's dying and everything you know but
I'm scared he's just gonna just attack
me or attack Carter oh you'd like that
you know look at me just could just bite
cut his neck like that oh poor
Clementine that was her only friend and
now he's going to get shot dead in the
forest man well bye duck oh she wants to
talk about it I'm sorry I'm gonna take
care of that Oh
Oh show him I'm killing them Clementine
hey well look I'll get older bid take
Clementine into the Train go it'll be
fine
what sir Kenny said no Sakai just shot
shot him what happened no God just shot
herself
gotcha no how could you do that to Kenny
porque me she couldn't have no duck
dying so she killed herself
No oh my god I feel so bad for kami
porque me
now he's just he's come 1 secondly he
has his family and now next second he's
not gonna have a son or a wife Oh Kenny
don't kill yourself
ah this is our poor Kenny he has nothing
now oh poor Kenny
he shouldn't kill his son
ah man ah duck
I'm sorry man ah
rest in peace duck everyone they were
coming right now okay
the just the so sad okay poor duck ah
his face Oh Kenny
Oh No man poor Kenny man he had not he
has nothing now so what's happened is
that it oh we're going on the train how
is this episode still going on oh shit
man I feel so bad about Tammy now I want
to fight now what happens to Kenny now
like what is what does Kenny's plan he
had a plan with his family and
everything and now was he thinking ah
poor Clementine and now she has no
friends she's the only kid again you
oughta turn
what sorry
so the hobo said that what happened the
duck is gonna happen to me
yeah hey I don't care what reasons
you've had for doing it
no reason to go and tell my girl she's
gonna end up dead yeah whoa I don't know
much about you folks I can tell you sure
the sun's gonna come up tomorrow you
know I know that you have a goddamn plan
I'll reach out Anna and then wait darn
I'm applying we do what's best for
Clementine oh well then you do have it
all figured out
never mind oh sit down with the girl and
hash it out find a man for Christ's sake
I give you one if I have it but we have
a my something were to happen to you it
won't if it were Oh
prepare the girl teacher to use a weapon
and for crime and he cut that hair you
got a running around with a mop that's
gonna act like velcro to any hand
swinging its way it's true buying some
scissors in my pack and take care of
that hair before a walker does it for
you oh okay and then sure how to use a
gun good like it or not that's what
saves your life from here on out Wow
we're gonna teach how to use our God
should we talk to Kenny Seabees okay you
and me let's just get to the oh he's got
no one left except me know 30 maps up
here you talk to him idea oh yeah it's
um he explained himself and made some
good point
we came back you know defending and
we're gonna call your hand class thing
okay you gotta protect yourself tidy up
a little so you can't get grabbed so
easily
yeah okay grab yeah you need to know how
to print
yourself yes you do Clementine no with a
gun one of these Wow don't be afraid of
it it's just a thing yeah but no way
your finger is all the time and don't
put it on the altar unless you want to
hurt somebody yeah truth oh you look
right down the top through that notch
yeah look ain't line up the cited to him
with your target oh no
aim for head I guess no these are just
bottles but you have to aim for the hair
Oh
only the head that's how you killed a
zombies when trying to hurt you
yeah head or body anywhere anyway I
don't want to think about that you're
right it might be a lot for your first
day yeah let's worry about killing
walkers set up the bottle or I will
shoot bottles with clever time baby
stick your first shot she's so cute
excellent aim hire a pro at this okay
another bottle all right we got--okay
come on man is she gonna shoot a walker
soon that would be crazy
take the scissors out of the bag
probably not gonna like this
no I like this but what happens we have
to talk about your hair yes let's see
it's not safe okay it smells no I'm
saying
oh do you remember when Andy st. John
grabbed it
an old man yeah yeah cuz Walker
we need to trim it yeah we do just a
trim right oh no we got to do it like a
boy she doesn't want to get a hack on
there's such a cute thing yeah we go
worried Lia's uh-oh
nope nope no idea yeah yeah yeah you are
clever yeah it and I'll kill you next
doesn't even matter
oh well I wouldn't say that all right
Jesus killing is bad no matter what yeah
now to protect yourself and to protect
me
yeah kind of likud good doesn't make a
good no I do it because it's necessary
walkers own people yeah that kasam bees
yeah think I'm about done
I can probably tear these pieces back
with something yeah I have some hair
thingies thing is sleeping Oh Lily
before you know she got shot dead also
alright well there you go oh you know
cute hologram oh poor Clementine isn't
like a dumbass hair okay there's a
bottle of whiskey here okay take this
maybe we should get Mr Kenny maybe then
he'll he'll you know loosen up a little
bit okay dude I've got your alcohol here
thank you one nip should I sure sure
it's been a long day you know I've done
a lot of shit so I think I think Lee
deserves a drink honestly yeah not known
for its finish anybody in there want to
share a drink you know no oh yeah Kenny
let's get something any do you want to
drink Kenny Chuck wanted to know if you
yeah drink he's got something yeah yeah
oh okay so then it okay now he's gonna
go get the drink alright so now that
Kenny's moved his fat ass we can finally
grab his maps which he was blocking us
because he was so depressed hikes Ken
he's back from the drink I knew it I
knew it
what who else would it be it makes no
sense being anyone else it wouldn't be
Kenny would be catcher or dark or
Clementine
it would have been Scott my fault it's
Carly or her or him and it was him man
Jesus babe so because of him he had my
friend and he was with them just stop
fuck ah even trust you yeah he said he
said to our faces show me then
I just know just don't tell anybody you
can't take any of it back so dope oh man
poor Ben yeah cuz he's the reason now
why the whole of the situation the whole
like motel thing happens situation
happened you know that go like we lost
two members you know I'm really because
of dark like doc got bit because of that
so really Ben is the reason why
everything is happening right now if you
think about it or to talk about
something
oh we're gonna do when we get there
yeah well are we gonna do know what I
see I start now what what would it be
better totally under control oh okay
we're a team you know we're teaching you
to play yes oh she's so cute I love her
we should look for your parents think we
should look for you where are our
parents you need to know if they're okay
they're not what happened to
Oh are there okay all she stopped a
mistake don't get your hopes
yeah don't you help socket the man if we
can figure out where they were we can
start there okay
oh so her parrot thought immediately go
into the same town that we're going to
okay oh yeah I remember clever moms is
it the more shells yes the Moss house we
hey it's a weeding of a good play
okay very good good plan what tell them
watch go ahead all right
wait what for you hey what tell them
what most what stammers I'm meaning by
that oh no what's happened to the train
wise we stopped
are we there yeah I think so judging by
hate Katie's reaction I don't think
we're here oh sure that's explode that
that's pet that's petroleum that's
that's gas no ain't got much experience
with y'all's fortitude but we could
probably deal with that we got a goddamn
train oh it's not full of milk Charles
that's gas or diesel something that's
gonna explode yeah it is you gotta get a
hold of yourself
there's a crew here oh this ain't shit
they say shit you keep screaming like
that you're gonna get your face chewed
off
oh it's new people know we're friendly
put your hand down kid
that's what everybody says yeah guys got
a problem with your train yeah you're
standing right in front of it dude it's
a wreck it's not so bad from up here
send your buddy up to have a look
anything goes sideways up there we won't
let them escape
oh damn okay I mean we got just anyone
Jesus Christ okay just go up Jesus cries
all rise calm alright let's come out
there
you better not be murderers or thieves I
guess you'll have to find out well I've
got nothing on me so like so there had
no benefit of killing me honestly
exactly so just kill me there what you
think we need what you want fine ah what
about when stop I'm Omid Omid Krista
what's the deal with a mainland Krista
somebody new practice Bimini I'm like Oh
bullshit you our group is a little
fucked right now we had a bite victim
and his mom took a life and oh that just
it's okay oh shit goddamn you guys have
a kid what are you doing up here oh he's
gay so excited it's been since I've seen
a kid crying in pain oh so he gets to
swear yeah this is great
see things are looking up oh I came
across Clementine alone first day all of
this happened I was actually
incarcerated Oh give any prison tats I
didn't make it that far and everybody
down there they're cool
yeah Kenny lost his wife and kid yeah he
did pull died how long ago I don't know
for maybe two hours ago Wow two-hour
imagine that that tank is a real problem
we'll help you with it but if we see
anything we don't like we're moving on
down the road
oh shit how this gas if you could get it
down the rest would probably be pretty
easy we'll start there okay come down
and settle in and see if we can help
okay so our task is to get rid of this
thing but we can't just push it you know
all right there's a truck here maybe the
truck has something that we can use I'm
no idea that's some useful to take okay
well that's useful all right so here's
the plans Omid and Krista all right it's
all meat Krista
oh I said it's been a bit of it yeah
it's been a big day okay just wanted to
say hi and say you're trained it's
pretty cool but we are not looking for
charity I mean help you guys though the
plan is to cut that tanker down and be
on our way yeah okay block plan enough
to me okay start in on that tanker I'll
get to know the girl for a minute if you
don't mind
oh okay someone might want to have a
look inside of that station back there -
sounds great
let's do this thing okay let's look at
the station oh man Kenny so depressed
this is so sad okay let's look at the
station oh I like the new girl I do it's
like we're a team oh come on checking
out this train station all right
all right let's Slover if you hear
anything okay I'm time be careful all
right we can't anything happen to you
I'll let you just taught you have to use
a gun all right don't ruin it survivors
inside that's what it says in the roof I
doubt that honestly why don't I put you
on my shoulders and you can peek into
that window yeah go back up you go make
sure she doesn't die what if this
doesn't mean no does that no I can see
in oh what do I do now jump in
what do you see do you see lots of
crates and stuff is it safe if we can
find the cure if it's safe jump in this
door down can he'd probably have me
picked a lock which actually might work
now that we have the technique I opened
it real I think so yeah he was planting
everything okay oh yeah just shut up and
just open the door let's go careful Oh I
supposed to tell you yeah Clem we're
gonna go now she's learning and
everything now she's so cute I want to
see what happens to Clementine I know
Clementine you know is in like every
single game of The Walking Dead so I
know like she'll she'll be around
that's exactly would win these are blow
torch air yeah we need to get in there
and get that blowtorch Wow we're gonna
blow are we gonna blow up the Train no
way you okay going over the top of this
fence yeah definitely okay well that's
all right well if you die don't blame me
okay Cap'n Tyne okay there we go every
Tues clue I just know there's a zombie
in here oh oh there's I'm behind me
oh no oh no oh no shoot Oh times me
having to do it for me Oh God do it do
it do it chu oh okay Clementine all
right in shoot all right now he's eating
my orchids out Oh My Jesus cries okay
and realize these deaths are so graphic
oh no they're coming they're coming
oh okay there's so much for Clementine
actually helping me you know we did we
went to all that gun training for what
ah she was going to do it give me the
keys I'll do it I'll do it I'll do it
I'll do it
Oh God Oh God take the keys go go go
anything what's going on Oh
thought I heard a gunshot you did fine
oh we just killed three zombies all
right but no big deal okay
you and an eight-year-old versus three
of them huh yeah so we handled it yeah
yeah it looks like what have you had uh
well we did so shut up I'm trying my
best man come on
wasn't expecting from me okay that
leaves like this superhero all right
what do you want for me all right
scrub the blowtorch all right we know we
now know how we're gonna fix and get the
hell out of it all right so the plan is
to use the flamethrower - what like push
down this this this silo I'm guessing
let's find out all right these guys are
looking over cuz we're back baby and
we're bringing back a flamethrower wait
where's the flame I found a blowtorch in
the station hey guys it make quick work
of the coupling up there there you go
how convenient okay
I'll come up there with you to have a
look let's go alright so here it is the
blowtorch so it's gonna cut it and then
we're gonna be on our way I was gonna
gasps oh no hoses are leaking turn it
off dude I don't want my eyebrows burned
off that leak with something oh I have
tape oh I have taper that was in that
car okay well put the tape on okay let's
try this shit again no hole and it goes
on fire now there we go Oh God wouldn't
hurt your eyes oh god oh god oh god
careful careful yeah thanks no sweat oh
my god Eddie died spear the weak portion
of the coupling is out of my reach
you think it'll be within mine oh oh oh
no zombies are now gonna come the worst
time oh look how many there are
overthought those upgrades
oh I don't know oh they must have heart
Oh No
Oh me cut it Kirk Oh God you need to
hurry up hurry up hurry up hurry up
hurry up hurry up hurry up
Oh No Oh No whoa
but what's gonna happen oh it tilted on
one side was failing hey I thought it
was gonna block the where where we go in
oh the the gas is leaking how do we do
oh god what are we doing I'm gonna throw
this down to curb this works
Oh God Wow it worked that's gonna block
all the zombies from coming and that's
smart
Oh God - jump jump jump jump jump jump
Oh God just land on your butt jump just
jump
yeah I'm gonna jump who gives a shit
about you oh god jump oh it's so close
oh no we screwed run go get him aah this
poor guy he's dead oh man
Oh Oh you need to pick him up or
something oh god yeah he's broken his
leg oh god oh god oh god what'd i do
what do i do what do i do what do i do
what do i do save me save i save a quick
quick quick oh oh
wait what did I me oh I'm sorry I didn't
know anything it mattered
does it does it matter I just wanted to
say I just wanted I just clicked Oh No
okay Wow the the fire didn't he stop
many of his on these last episode was
sort of like oh this is something that
happened to us you know and now this is
like oh we're in a completely new city
now so I'm excited to see like
clementines parents and see if we can
you know get a boat or something I am
know what it was going on how is it
gonna end
all I know is that I just want
Clementine to be okay okay so we got a
picture in clementines bag
all right Kenny's come through it and
what's happening oh oh that's kami oh
that was a drawing that she made of
Kenny Duncan cut Oh
clementines so cute we're finding some
interns parents we're gonna get there oh
I thought they were dead looking for
them there that's not the plan oh well
it's ours
see you know talk it through oh yeah I
promised Clementine that honestly you'll
never get over today you'll never get
over today ah ha ha ha ha poor Kenny can
you imagine what Kenny's thinking I'll
leave you to your thoughts oh man poor
clementines ankle doc I've never seen Oh
whoa thing was broken way y'all might
want to rethink your plan whoa wait do
you think he does have our parents or is
this just this guy trying to it's like a
creep and wanting Clementine to come
over to him oh shit okay so we have a
bit of like suspense for the next
episode now I know I promised it we'd
find your parents
that's more dangerous I know it's
dangerous
poor Clementine Ohno Oh
leave him what hell is this answer me
damn it
is he a good guy so when were you gonna
tell us about the radio Oh have you been
talking to yeah who is this guy now okay
so I think episode four is where it shit
hits the fan and then episode fives the
last one okay here's what I see what I
did I shot the garden I didn't shoot the
girl on the street okay so I wasn't too
bad all right most people did what I do
I abandoned Lilly and some people didn't
for some reason I didn't fight Kenny oh
I could have fought him if I didn't say
the right things did I shoot duck yeah I
shot duck and I did not help I mean but
that was an accident okay so I think
that's everything right cool guys so
that was episode 3 season 1 of The
Walking Dead
I am glad that we're doing this is a
series okay because honestly like I'm
being reminded now of why I want to do
this in the first place okay I want to
see what happens I wonder like you know
do this is a proper series and I want to
complete it right to the end okay so as
soon as video reaches 20,000 likes I'm
not alone the next episode it's probably
gonna be once a week because the series
probably gonna be running for like every
because I don't want to like to have too
many videos I'm walking dead okay so
yeah if we reach talked about 20,000
likes I'll keep the series going either
way though I really enjoyed this episode
today I'm excited to see what happens
the Clementine and her
family and everything like that but yeah
anyway guys hope you enjoyed and I'll
see you in the next video man thank you
guys so much watching buh-bye I don't
give a shit
