- hello everyone how is everyone doing
as mr. selfie today we are back in again
we today ladies emma is the last
destination we are going the u.s. thing
I love my country music instrumental we
go to the last trip later all the way to
the most beautiful United States about
st. country's bloody gate I wish my
horse would stop being gay I don't like
the gay because they're gay Colorado how
long go one down below for okay let's
get back to the actual proper video that
were meant to be doing or it's a last
episode I decided to skip Colorado I
went straight to Japan if you guys
haven't seen that one go watch it
because I don't think you know a lot of
you guys watched it now I said I was
gonna skip this because it was a
terrible episode because you have to
kill four people and none of them is in
like fun ways but you know what you guys
want to see it so let's give it a go
welcome to Colorado welcome to Colorado
I'm Alisha has to literally take it I
mean look at this shit I don't care
about this story it's stupid for it to
ridicule sun rose Penelope grace
Ezra Burke and my upper body for Sharpie
four people are you mad now first off
this vision takes place at a kiosk form
what's the fun in that there's nothing
fun about being in a form okay and
secondly look how heavily god these
places kind of look for the first game
without being spotted
okay I'm walking straight through please
you can't create a mess I don't care
okay I'm walking in good Evie I don't
tell you you won't dad trust me you got
bulletproof skin all right fine I'll
play the stupid mission properly okay
apparently there's an entry point right
here it just glides through the window
I was make plumbing for Windows and I
want advance grantees okay we have to be
quiet because there's so many securities
in let us turn off this generator it
might be a distraction no goddamn
adulterer novice go down little old Rena
riddle me so this whole level takes
place on this like forum
okay now there's some army here okay and
we to kill four people you know there's
a story with this I don't get it
okay so I do a little bit of research of
my hitman videos and one of the funny
ways of killing them is for the table
okay so I'm not funny okay I bet he sure
did someone dies look I'll do it right
now shooting oh god oh this is not the
right place to be acting like a bizarre
asshole Lister another way of killing
them is releasing this car on top of our
target to kill him oh that was really
funny wasn't it oh no someone found a
body check it out oh she sure are you
okay don't worry you'll be okay
just what's a bit you know all right
oh that was our target okay well right
away okay now we've got three more
people as you could clearly tell this
bitch is stupid all right another part
of this map is this crazy big-ass house
now for some reason we're not allowed in
there oh look a conveniently placed
outfit oh we look so different than what
we did before so there's an opportunity
where you could put an explosive in some
guys Smart Watch okay it's saying a
watch by the way you know that I was
pointing on that so let's do that
because it will be funny you know
explosions are always funny alright grab
the blueprints
oh that's Shaun Rose that's the guy
we're gonna put a thing in his watch
suspicious I walk in this bloody house
open a door our place as you boy so
there's an explosive watch battery here
for some reason
next thing we do is we pick up some
guy's phone no one a good Isaac could
hide the word to be Skye's Earth you
can't see me he can't see me I go what
are you got it it's okay
I'm a friend don't shoot me okay I like
what do it away our great God do this
shit again okay just keep your pajamas
oh no this girl run away gone now I
gotta kill her another way tell them so
I'm going to put the explosive in his
watch all right so we need to wait for
him to put it down there he is wait for
him to put down the watch work everyone
be quiet he's putting the watch is going
to the bathroom insert the explosive now
we wait for him to put the watch on and
then we can call him and send him my
bloody blow on the watch okay now we can
send the email oh oh oh that's what you
get for wearing a stupid smart watch oh
shit okay so that's a target down now
there's three more because you know I
messed up that first one okay now we're
through the assassinations alright and
the funniest one is a Saturday a.m. with
a ram I rap apparently we need this
disguise oh I'm an overflow to sing so
he thinks I did a big fool you so
nervous perfect somebody to Big Bear poo
no not you you stupid idiot a for
goodness sake I don't have any Shuman a
bloody edge don't think bodies girls
that I need to kill I'm here for your
killing I mean what I see here is the
battering ram okay now parent even
killed two targets at once with this all
right so if it's hiding in front of it
alright this is a slam into them or
subject ache part in the training
routine sounds fun on our marks get set
execute oh no oh shit there's a
battering ram Oh are we like planning
out a heist and the planning it quickly
press the button and extract yeah we did
the trial run turn off the security
system
oh shit you have to stop right now oh
gee dad all right so we go I kill two
more people I literally have no idea how
to do that okay I need to kill this girl
but she's with two bodyguards come on
dude I don't know this opportunity where
you get to push off in a pond and she
drowns so funny all right so we need to
steal this guy's badge cuz that's fun
which would give me a badge okay I want
your badge
I love you I give me your badge turn off
the generator he wouldn't help okay it
was me hahahahahaha those of you those
of you dose absorbers Elizabeth okay I
have the thing that I needed
hey go I did this opportunity which said
you have to meet me somewhere private so
I can kill you okay my my
so go thank you for meeting me here okay
now I'm gonna kill you okay I know
you're that okay you know if I do this
okay your words you later now look at is
disgusting piece of pool it would be a
shame if you fell in it girl
after that catalyze anyway one more left
alright now I know I'm giving this level
hard time but seriously there's no fun
ways every level has really fun creative
ways of killing of this one like it
there's really none so here's our last
target how we going to kill this guy I
have no idea I'm gonna keep following
him until something happens
there's a guy that ok you know what it
kind of works
alright now always escape but there's
lots of guys there where do we escape
where do we escape ok down it off get
through the basement I okay here scan
Sean roses face okay they're coming oh
shit I thought I killed the guy in here
often
Wow look at me people okay new plan
I'll sit in the toilet until the coast
is clear
oh okay a lot of you are dying listen
you guys stop coming through here and
I'll stop shooting here okay where are
these particular four targets not like
20 but you know I'm kind of committed to
this let's keep going you know you could
come up with a better plan you know
throw a grenade in here or something I
don't think this is working out for you
oh shit guys what do we do we're getting
murdered out here oh no oh we're going
to war with groaning alright all the
bodies are in this room let's just close
the door alright I just pretend I never
happened okay
there's a 3d printer here which just so
happens to have a space so it's now
printing his face
so we scan this face in this underground
bunker okay put the face up to the mask
okay oh that make sense all right we are
in now this mission is all about like
story based stuff but you know I have
been following a story so you know I'm
just going to skip it
okay and then now we can exit the
mission baby all right
we did we did a terrible job you know
mission accomplished okay look at all
these things that I got okay I clearly
did something right now there is some
fun things in this level you know I know
I've been bashing it alright because I
really didn't want to do this level but
I thought you know I did all the rest of
them I need to do it so I want to show
you some Easter eggs okay because this
game has a fun Easter eggs she only
killed 59 people that has basically
nothing all right I'm going to show you
guys probably the best Easter egg in
this whole game all right now what we
need is we need a sniper rifle baby but
number two we need a scarecrow outfit
all right here is the Scarecrow I'm a
scarecrow
but that's our scarecrow sound all right
now as a scarecrow we need to go to the
water tower now once up the water tower
we need to shoot for bailed off in the
distance okay and that will trigger a
special Easter egg and the first one is
over here can you see that little bell
over there could barely see it okay is
that as you can hear the little bell the
second one is like somewhere over here
it's right here let me see it okay I got
that one that one is somewhere over here
I have no idea oh there is
oh is that it I did it Challenge
completed Wicker Man
now as the Scarecrow whenever I see
someone something finally happens oh my
god oh my memory besides I have the
power to burn anyone I want but this is
a lack there hospice panic with an exact
kill everyone I want to take there
anything all right it was not easy I
just completed the mission I just killed
everyone Wow okay I want to show you
guys another Easter Egg now now you can
exit the mission by quad bike all right
now if you get a hit man hi this will
change into something different I'll
show you in a second we need 10 apricots
okay there's like a crate of apricots
scattered around the map we need ten of
them okay next we need to pick up some
drugs and what we do is we feed mr.
Raptor
the apricots right that bead apricot
spray oh yes okay so I think the idea is
that I'm high on this drug and I'm just
reading this stupid Raptor alright last
one mr. Raptor - pleasures I'm going to
go away
alright so I think you know what will
happen to mr. runt
okay let's leave on the quad bike oh no
it's mr. right keep running this right
I'm your new getaway vehicle haha
alright we can now exit mission
ha ha ha didn't go Brum Brum ok guys i'm
end the video here now this mission was
a pile of shit ok I mean I get that it
was hard to do all right but it was not
fun at all
there was no fun creative ways of
killing or tourism this one in my
opinion okay either way though I have
really super enjoyed hitman as a series
okay I've been mean to do for so long
all right when season 2 hits which could
be like oh no maybe like a couple of
months who knows I'll be sure to play
the new episodes then but either way
thank you guys so much for watching and
appreciating the series I liked so much
fun and I'll see you in the next video
bad leather guys love you
ba ba um so god damn gay
