hello everyone how's everyone doing is
miss yourself in now as you can clearly
tell you know I'm running out of ideas
just by the amount of terrible videos
that I've been making recently but I
found this game called
Metamorpho back now what this game is is
basically again about the alphabet
you know the ABC idiot makes a great
song that was I love that song okay so
let us start with a hey everyone my
glasses okay so what I want you guys to
do watching okay as soon as something
pops up try and guess it before me okay
we will play this game between me and
you even though I can't get those
winnings you better not cheat full oh
all right a smart I've got that before
you I know I did was it turning to now
uh walking with us what's going on and I
look I don't know what that word me look
at that guy's you are lighting with this
game Plus wait no plus don't begin with
an egg what was that story oh I can go
into B B DB for Brandon that's my name
people kids were partners big beard I
wish I could grow big oh wait I forgot
my cool pants man I'm joking
it was editing okay what can I do with
this big oh look how fluffy it is oh the
fluffy bid I love it big feet big
that was my bird pressure okay
butterflies wait no it's not bugs
okay you know all the same thing I want
to fly the bug if you think about it
butterfly see butterfly okay go away
butterflies you're so pretty I love you
Oh si si si si si si my ditty uh cone
come on keep it cold I like it what can
I do with this cold keep spinning it
around I'm spinning around
oh but one's got a siren it's scary I
don't like it they've thought people
make us root okay calm down I'm getting
too excited
what is that a copy look driving a car
this caterpillar live in live with a
scarf and cocoon
okay I'm gonna move off the Seas for mod
DB I like B it's a funny letter B think
about it
please cuz into a door do i okay open
the door it is a sunrise EJ I mean dawn
I know that okay are stupid okay you
think I don't like okay dawn it turns
into dusk oh is that what's gonna happen
Oh clouds hello Klaus Klaus is seeking
to read a dream look I never let out
getting this what shopping but seriously
how is a cloud mentally get a daydream
cutting cut that stop okay forget it
overall the e for elephant I bet
elephant will show up e for elephant Oh
egg egg oh oh
game it makes me feel smart II hope you
get that egg out of it I don't want it
click on it eat eat the egg where's the
egg oh I throw away the egg i gotta
delete it the egg came back III egg nom
nom e egg hello Bert oh
I was elephant the elephant with an e
for an STI craw Oh hmm the
elephant-headed II ate the egg or earth
okay let's move on to end
ff4 fought fought cheek what
oh yeah it's only one fit so it's a foot
fit jump no that's a J uh jump leaves
what 7 vs fan a fan tenders all of that
betters put it is so cool look how many
words a big and it was a snow it's
flying it's flying the next one look how
much progress we're making guys the next
letter is G for g g g g g for guitar
guitar can I be ding ding dong the
guitar Oh flowers
Carl garden on dammit I didn't get that
one oh look at the guitar in the garden
so freakin what will be the next thing
I'm a bad boy
Goss flowers Canaccord nectar hey shh
shh shh it's actually pronounced H
naught H silly goes ok the takes onto a
hand hand I got it I've got two hands
but we all know my favorite handle look
at this hand ooh hey hey hey it's
another what fun rapid is every finger
gonna turn to an animal horses hug big
uh yeah of course what is how now now
what car did you say dog all right
forget it let's go - hi aye-aye-aye I
like the wife she's just the letters
it's funny - I tend to do an igloo no
ice ice berg oh yeah what I think that
was an igloo I bet igloo eglee took
igloo Eaglin I'm smart I know wait okay
now what's this hmm what are they doing
uh
inside okay that was stupid okay Oh what
they take with the oh my in sleep Oh
plague good damn inside okay I'm sorry
alright deflate the ball or I just let
them play okay they're playing bouncy
let's go on to Jay Jay Jay the Jay don't
need oil watery huh oh
jiggle-jiggle what is this a ball jungle
is choking
I know it's Jaggu where's the right one
gone the red was there chuckles look at
the bloody jiggly Jay's juggling or you
took the balls what would you have to
juggle sir Jupiter Jupiter Jupiter Oh No
jellyfish jellyfish jellyfish yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah I just realized this K
probably meant for like five euros and
I'm just made it okay for Tucker Tucker
okay okay okay okay
forgettin Oh what cat rental that's
where didn't comes from oh that's the
voice the kettle is boiling all this
noise is so annoying
make it stop shut up Oh Oh
night-night oh there's a man inside
looking at me also hello would you look
at that what do I do
what's with these stupid a Stalag on its
very head kid with leaves flowers okay
what's he talking to now hmm whoa what
is that
hello oh it's those things kaleidos
kaleidoscope see I didn't know that was
I know I don't know me see watching my
videos hate just like stupid trash okay
so learning all right now moving on to a
cell for lemons l l I hope those lemons
in this because I will be very sad if
it's not log o
large oh that look kind of looks like my
poo okay we'll get this log out of it
what's the next L I cannot wait oh oh
lounge lean lazy a smart girl taken a
nap
Oh what's he doing Oh lizard that was
called you see that time to a lizard now
the lizard's going to walk on the logs
look how cute that lizard is whoa
there's a bunch of lizards cool look
look the low back pain and she's like
ooh well well this girl is so cute
ok let's go to hem for Mama and and Oh
March the M is Marky Mark there laughs
laughs right laughs okay M monster oh
it's funny
that's not a MARSOC that's a cutie face
hmm whoa his teeth uh mallards a mouth
mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth mouth
n-no and then mmm for neighbor oh I can
click here now another guys here their
neighbors I told you it's neighbors oh
my goodness how many neighbors just
bloody and got Jesus the god bears got
that - neighbor neighbor see I call the
underwear nose smell oh I've got a nose
it's right here
inflate the nose Oh what is Oh Meg what
do I do
whoa okay this is so weighted buddy what
I do now I don't get it smooth always
nodding okay Jesus
all right that one was silly let's go on
to ho-oh-oh orange no okay that was an
orange what's this Oh for the whole bit
okay that one was weird I did not get
that one whoa look at all the other
planners coming along oh it's so
fascinating I love science
oh that's just great orange again wait
we've already had orange what is that an
ostrich ostrich ostrich or straight okay
it's a bloody bird you're encoding it
it's an ostrich you stay away from my
orange okay I will now move on to B for
B P P P P P try to do a paper paper okay
that one
silly I just don't like that one piece
oh whoa flower no pinwheel in will ya
now I'm a stupid are like pinwheels I've
never seen a ghost oh no they run away
earthquake
no quick wait what no it's an earthquake
you cheated okay AE all right won't it
exploded now it's a bunch of squares now
what am i doing guys do i do chuckles
together I could not be bothered
okay I think this goes there and then
this goes there was that quilt I spent
that log that's a quest you can just get
added to show me else just created okay
just going to all okay oh great
three lane just appalling are my
ding-dong
whoa robot no no but the other robot who
saw that coming I didn't run the running
robot is running with the arm
rod fell over soap all over off Oh No
okay forget it all right robot s s yeah
S is a so cute I love it because
not only this s is you put another sock
on him
whoa well you like to do that it is a
snake is a snake nation like sorry I
left us a shadow yeah I know the stick
as a shadow that's cool a snake wearing
socks has a shadow how nice they still
going to teeth for Dickie I know it
won't happen but imagine if they showed
some teeth that would be funny all right
the tree
3/3 I know Marty's okay now what Tambor
is handling the camera to read on the
screen
forever Oh Dingle tassel muscles I like
that
what's this Tung Tung okay this is a
table okay this is a telescope telephone
gaming right fellas that's now belong to
you
no not you the letter U all the bugs
under panic well you working on the plan
so so hot that's funny
underpants what the hell is that sound -
okay you're freaking me I'll get this
stupid thing out of my face
oh it's happy because I'm spinning input
it's perfect how does every do with you
umbrella an umbrella can either this
hair didn't even see that coming is any
more other you letters Oh a cloud no
awkward playing okay not silly
alright they did she had like three
things with you okay now these we're
nearly done this is sad ve the Tenon's
were cold
wait what resist a dog me yeah no better
no boss you silly go oh oh
what is that oh oh I coming
Thank You funny boys that a village whoa
can he get a vacuum suck up all the
people oh I just destroyed the whole
village but you know let's move on to w
w will Waggin Waggin Curtis said will
would have worked
alright get this w out of there whoa a
wall review alright what did you dress
I'm not walruses whoa what is that was
he riding on a wait uh Willie know what
was going on I will in wait felt silly
all right now the hardest one is X all
right it's going to be dialer phone okay
there's like four words that start with
another X okay one of them is xylophone
okay
no x-ray yeah that's that's the first
word xylophone see I told you I told you
see see hope you okay there's only like
four word wait what I'm already on
wiping that tube is no like I thought I
thought to give anything good beginning
with X let's go on alright next one is
why why does I say this game ha ha ha
why
leave a like if you just yawn there
don't lie I know you did your layer
layer layer layer layer layer layer will
stop the Y sees his reflection huh
why yesterday yesterday was dark
what happened yesterday with the why
being so dog that's scary I don't want
to know what happened yesterday for the
wife whoa huh yo yo yo yo whoa
yo yo yo yo that's cool I wish I - yo yo
remember yo yo they were cool you stupid
kids with your physics winners yo-yos is
where is that baby all right now Z for
zebra
I bet is gonna show zz4 Ziploc yeah you
unzip that pants baby oh yeah I like to
see that chick yeah take it all off the
take it all off we want to get all zebra
told you look at me we gotta separate as
I see this cute ours ever been Oh cute
and stuff okay what does he do are you
smiling
oh look at him with his cape so cute oh
what is I whoa okay hello uh is this
meant to be a week because I don't know
whoa whoa whoa what is this you know
that was a big zoo my name is see that
comment zoom whoa I can grab the people
drama where don't cut it Oh is the end
or the end of course because these the
last letter oh I wish there was more
words in the alphabet but there wasn't
okay ladies gentlemen that was metamorph
abet I've been finding these really
weird games you know I don't know what
to upload can you please suggest me some
in the comments guys because I'm I do
not know what to do okay if you like me
playing anything like I did today then
let's try and it's 10,000 likes and if
we do then I'll just keep doing more
stuff like this because then it shows
that you guys don't mind and you like
this sort of stuff I think it's fun but
it's your it's your decision at the end
of the day either way though thank you
guys so much for watching and I'll see
you in the next video - letter guys love
you above that
