who has the who everyone how is it on
doing is mr. selfie today we are playing
plug and play I have no idea what this
game is well just take this plug and put
it in here so we can now start alright
we first start off is going on guys it's
gay oh ok nothing happened it was just
it was just a No ok now we just got a
man with a plug on his head running
click him it just runs out away what's
the plan Ernest he's just gonna keep
going back up for the city come on do
something else with your life bullshit
daddy ran away if you gonna walk shit
plucky did he died buggy go pick a topic
ok it's a life and Scott back up come on
do something come on door shut
do something funny oh shit oh it's
walking okay you know he's just gonna
fall over again you know
yeah oh oh she doesn't win doin right
there what's going on why is all these
Bloods running okay take out this blood
I don't want that shit a plug and they
put it back in
oh shit oh I put it back in press the
button oh and now that guy see oh shit
he's gonna start running - oh my god
what the oh shit what happens if I press
the button oh is this like Chinese
whispers I don't know what you call it
in your country where you you know you
whisper something and then they have to
pass it on you're gay pass it on I'm gay
pass it on I'm a tray pass it on wait
you're a tray what the hell's that mean
okay I'm glad that's over
okay these two guys connected to each
other what the shit is this game going
on that let's keep pulling them what the
shit is okay okay now what the hell okay
mum said we can watch measure sell
videos anymore plus I'm gay pass it on
oh no I just came up I'm not gay
okay please love it okay now we hit each
other okay we just you know hit everyone
down and now
walking away okay press the bun press it
right it was it go Blanca is in your hit
take the plug out put the no plugins now
we go to blocks put this fuckin the
other plugs man walking hello
Oh shitty suck this thing off and now
we're here what the shit is going on
with this game I got another plug do I
put it in here play nice bump up what do
i do do i clicky what inaudible if you
are clicking again torn oh here comes
another purple right before it again
okay I need to calm down
what do I do this - I put his proven his
head to make the thing come on sir pick
up you all shit some flying shit right
there so don't just walk away from
everybody shit did this shit out of
there okay yeah go fetch off your
football what does should be these come
here knees black this time go flick up
your to go yeah go over there what the
shit is this game oh okay it's back
again you're gonna pick up the poor what
huh he picked up the poopoo he put the
football it s what does shit what this
shit is not a clerk okay do I take this
plug and put off no plug in press it's
black take it out another one please
put the plug in okay Pressey I did it
okay so we got a man with a block and
that guy's not put a plug hello hello
Oh what are you choking hello hi hi do
you know me do you know me I know you or
shitty buddy knows me I don't know you
which I don't know you I know the plug
knows that I don't know him you do you
do I did she does dude you do you do do
you oh yes yes no no
yeah yes no yes yes no yeah yes no could
I have something to eat
yes no no no yes oh yeah okay okay now
we'll get your present another
conversation going on I love you I love
I don't think I love you are you sure I
think you don't love me hug me I'm not
sure I do love you
I don't hurt I'm leaving but they only
need that iconic uh sorry I do that game
it's too much of my personal feeling
like are looking right and the video I'm
gonna go with this door this door needs
to know it what I was gonna do I'm sorry
ah great now my plugs all sad for
goodness sake oh yeah bring another plug
in the next year that was so great last
time which I was doing oh shit this plug
goes here this plug goes there what does
shit do a blog that they get out what do
i do do i yank up oh no they're
connected these four plugs oh she lost
her blog school it was the thing in the
thing you all along
oh my oh shit this bloody them getting
it on yeah another one getting in I feel
like this game's dirty me putting a plug
in a third plug
oh shit he just went up as bummed okay
and now they're just walking to the left
okay this is this is hot oh yeah of
course guy he goes oh well okay yeah
alright a four four plugs getting it on
what does shit of I'm playing okay get
this plug you know inserting this plug
nah I'll get the shit out of it is the
plug meant to be a Willie and this meant
to be a fanny I don't know
oh no this don't go in here this goes in
here oh oh shit okay let me get this
straight
some guy's head is in another guy's ass
and his head is in his other guy's ass
and it just keeps going round until you
know this game's called plug and play
but I didn't think there would be so
many plugs in there talking okay okay
this is a finest weed okay just means
racket sometimes chucking them off into
another guy's off what if I put this
guy's plug in this club okay oh shit
black discuss here
woo now what
when the fingers touch for the last time
hmm oh shit another plug quizzes check
it out question again oh shit I
shouldn't have done that
oh no is he doing he's given up on the
kinetic effects and now he's going to
five Laos he's open a daughter bloody
nowhere oh shit it's a finger in the
bloody plug what's gone red three
Heather decided it the bottom oh shit
it's like my willy again like a plane
what is this like what this is me nice
what the kid now is I'm short a shitty
game okay that's the end of the game
apparently all right that was plug and
play as you can clearly tell I'm running
out of ideas guys I'd want me to play a
certain game
leave a comment okay or unless you just
want me to do anything like this video
then leave a like if we reach 10,000 and
I'm just going to upload weird videos
until I can think of a game have
actually want to play okay guys thank
you so much for watching and I will see
you in this video - hello guys love you
ba ba
