hello everyone how is everyone doing is
much Soviet today we are back baby with
him man today's video nation we are
flying over to Bangkok you want to see
my folks bang my conch indeed we are
back up okay stopping races alright
we've done three levels and now there's
just three more I will not know the next
one at 10,000 likes but let us see who
is our talking all er hello agent 47 we
have a very special task for you today
your main target is the famous musician
Jordan Cross you may be wondering why
are we targeting celebrities well this
one has a certain deep dark secret one
year ago a young beautiful and talented
actress named Hannah Highmore fell to
her death from Jordan crosses luxury New
York apartment police say it was an
accident but her parents are yet to be
convinced they strongly believed that
Jordan murdered his girlfriend and was
able to get away with it due to his rich
and powerful father Thomas cross your
second target is Jordans lawyer Ken
Morgan who helped cover up her murder
this weekend they are both staying at a
Thailand hotel in Bangkok the perfect
time for a double contract whether he
actually killed her we don't know
I'm sure you will find out bring justice
and the highmost family agent 47 welcome
to Bangkok 47 of the back end Morgan has
booked the Queen 3 and would have yet to
check in okay you will find him in and
around the restaurants all right across
from the class instead of a recording
studio in the enemies on the third floor
private security around cross and his
entourage is highly Kane oh shit after
all today is Jordan crosses 27th
birthday it is by the edge when rock
stars dying
oh oh thank you I love you you're
sending woman why don't we see this
woman Anna DD ok now this level looks
absolutely sick okay we are in a Bangkok
Hotel okay look at this it's so
beautiful welcome to back off it is a
very good honor to see you in Bangkok
are you go to Bangkok oh sorry that we
do not do that sort of brand talking I
might do a better bang cocky Hyuk I
won't okay every Hitman video needs to
start off with me just kicking people in
the Willy and punching in backup
oh thank god every hitman video needs to
be medias hitting people over so true
okay I died look at this beautiful level
were just like Oh butterfly
take your time
hello welcome to back off Tyler's right
good and it sounds great
wait give you hot towel names to buy a
sweeper oh come on so much here's your
key card I have a hotel why do you sound
so British why don't I sound like a
Bangkok Ian where's my key card you also
you put the key Conover there so I got
Richard what the hell so I go over but
I'm trespassing here no I said God why
this guy show me because I got my econ
goodness I'm so annoying okay apparently
if we go over here here it our first
target now this guy is Ken Morgan okay
he is the lawyer of this famous singer
guy okay so how we gonna kill him I
don't know okay here's all the
opportunities in the game and I hear
Duke is funny - India alright it starts
off over here I'll soak in a second
press pausing and brawny off Oh easy
ah shit my hands gay it's okay I'm game
okay to find out what the buddies dicks
talk is we need to costume so I think we
go over here okay let's sneak
underground power we're trespassing be
very careful very careful look at is
that very security camera close the
wound Hodor pub where it ends II didn't
see me or ding dong ding dong - Bangkok
ever easy they do not see alright today
with me come on wait what if he finds me
trespassing he just guides me out oh I
know this is the thing okay now you just
take him out this doctor body down big
guy the opportunity is here this white
man came up to me today I said he bought
my stock stock oh my god is expired oh I
will sell my stuff to the white my phone
not our money
bye-bye okay so long story short this
guy is selling is cut to the bloody guy
so we have to repair it first so we just
do that okay so the tuk-tuks working now
what we do completely place is a
gasoline slum we've got it posture it ow
my hand
wait for the course to be clear fuck
now that's made a leak now when the
engine fumes go to the gasoline it will
make a little big loss that's when it
goes boom follow me sir you like to talk
to very cold all right come on
rally Olathe way go test-drive a bloody
sock toka oh my goodness this just looks
very good I asked you to love it oh
right one target down another one's gone
all right now I'm next target is Jordan
cross okay a famous singer right now
this Jordan cross guy is looking for a
new drummer okay and the drama I think
is somewhere in this lounge right now
he's never met this drama before so if
I'll be here I will bloody go straight
in there okay there's a lot of people
here so I have no idea how we're going
to separate him okay seems like he's
gone for a smoke now we could just push
them over I eliminate him because we
need his costume so maybe I could throw
something here and distract them for all
this coin and oh bloody oh we got noise
and oh shit anyone here okay where do i
dump his body
oh shit there's nowhere to dump his body
okay I've got to leave its body here but
we have four come the backup truck all
right because when the backup drama we
can go all the way up and get past
security and here it is the recording
studio I like this this all happens in
the hotel but like you've got like a
whole band recording here that is so
cool here is must we get back our boys
Hey oh shit he's gonna make me play the
drums a hit man you not to play the
drums no okay okay hey Cobb I'm sure
we'll be okay did you just wing it okay
all right guys listen up our new chrome
here to show us white made over I am
okay let's play drums
good luck hit man you're gonna need it
Oh
now we're so sick cuz I'm really amazing
I love that alright shut up Jordan cross
when do I get to kill him now follow
cross for a private talk
I love bradwood talks microphone okay
where the bloody hell is he taking in io
thinking what I'm thinking oh yeah I've
never seen that great drama in my entire
life we should stop and we should go go
go go whoa oh shit oh my god go go go go
write it man
run it man Delmas people get worse
people okay because both kills were
accidents
Noah respects us and we can now leave
the god damn mission on a speedboat
baby fussing man okay baby that was the
bank cognition okay I think that's the
best way of doing it okay because it's
both accidents okay they do not suspect
me I want to find out if this guy really
killed his girlfriend okay and I think
you can find out by a secret recording
but we need to find that recording okay
we need to search this room because
apparently it's here okay uh go okay
it's in this safe use combination okay I
need to do that okay looks like Jordan
crosses manager has the cold to that
safe okay I think to get her away we
need to poison her drink okay so notice
we're just uh yeah my drink
hurry up come on now okay she's all
alone and they don't have a ring on top
her stupid little body and take the safe
combination cold
wait what hit man could play the guitar
whoa use a combination okay and take the
USB flash drive oh my god
he killed his girlfriend
you bloody make me sick stop it yeah
why'd he come in the room did I do that
wrong I think I did that wrong let me
load wait I'm supposed to sit here and
wait for what
why was just playing you know oh oh who
are you that's not the right question
whatever they're paying you I will
double it okay it doesn't work that way
not here well I was drunk I snapped
do I deserve to die because I made some
stupid mistake yes because I tried to
get away with it either way it won't
make a difference
I'm sorry Jordan but a contract is a
contract
that's right baby oh man that was cool
so he did kill his girlfriend damn son
of Savage okay let's do the next kill
now now apparently you can assassinate
cross by smothering him in his own
birthday cake I completely forgot it's
his birthday all right everything set up
we're going to surprise him and sing him
happy birthday I had to change to a chef
he's coming that is I could smother it
what me come on man I was over that guys
what's your problem
seriously I broken them all looking 400
good run away okay ladies gentlemen I'm
gonna end the video here now leave a
like as soon as we reach 10,000 all
other the next episode I think the next
episode happens in the USA I think that
one looks pretty good owner it might be
shit actually uh thank you guys so much
for watching see you later
love you Baba my hair's gay it's okay
I'm game
