hello everyone how is everyone doing as
much as ok today we are playing gross
twice - cool yesterday's ever we are
playing one of the most favorite
childhood games ok
I'll crush one and crush - but I didn't
own crash 3 now play these games when I
was a little kids but I couldn't get
past the third level I have now got
polluted all three days so because I
have all three games completed in
today's video we are going to be just
playing all the crash bandicoot boss
battles ok now I haven't played I played
some but all of them ok so let's just
start with the first one the first boss
battle is bubble puppy
ok it's just some sleeping fat tribal
man ok
oh shit I will come up ok his attack is
slam the ball and then spin the thing
you jump over it
job Oh jump on it mount he bloody got
hurt it's easy just jump on it why do I
think this was hard I couldn't kill this
guy when I was a kid and I'm just
stealing I guess I mean like he doesn't
do anything different just took as much
money so bubble bubble for like honest
working on microphone keep falling I'm
sorry ok the next one was whipper rule
this god damn stupid dumb dog it's a dog
I think and he's crazy
so he's got a straitjacket alright so
okay I think I'm gonna jump on the big
TNT and kill him Wow okay jump on the
TNT or just die if I or again
explorative now hes a blatte good dog
inside races joke about black dog lie
silently
go away okay one more time cause the
thread Brannon concentrate cut quick
kill him
Oh cut it I did it he's a black bloody
joke it's more self Oh going on oh oh he
despaired - is that okay that's one
across what is koala Kong oh okay
it's a big-ass koala bear you play shake
is bloody off okay for what I rather
like this one is that it's to be easy
you dodged his bloody block and then you
touch it again and then you touch it the
third time erase Josas biggest block and
then jump over it print it bloody wars
miss me miss me nobody kissed me
haha miss me haha dead okay now we wait
now said again
your karma think about it question by
makuu is kind of like a frigate spinner
now dad sees all right so angry
Oh daddy cool okay the next one is
pinstripe pod coal room
what the shit this bloody wet okay you
shoot me with a tommy gun and then I
spin em okay that's as easy hitting me
you just go watch your patterns okay
as soon as you start moving your bloody
Hitler way boy oh oh good buy for it no
oh all shit creek bottom that's right
alright oh shit okay just pass out why
doesn't he get shot okay the next one is
dr. nitrous real the ugly guy this
stupid little shit now I couldn't do
this one I had to get max to do it for
me okay you jump on his body squishy
things it is cockiness right put your
purpose well pizarra body but what yeah
what was it he's dead that bloody me
Barry oh shit oh shit oh shit oh oh oh
what a fake that's quite bad I did it I
should know he hit me now what should
you just break it
let's just a question what is opening oh
okay oh fuck you bloody type all right
is died okay last one now it's cortex
these final levels now again I didn't
beat this one and that's it it so good
luck to me okay
what even is darn you Crash Bandicoot
don't you spot very nice ad okay what
does he do again on shooting lasers oh
yeah you spin the green one
okay now I'm gonna spin ya did it spin
ya did it again
shake on my father Oh what the Second
Amendment I am you show a green one
u-boat animals
old Gordon just not agree I've got to to
pull the boogers come on okay baby
what happens when you win Oh Oh woo baby
was born a boy okay that was crush one
about vowels let's do crush twos okay I
believe the first boss battle and crush
two was Ripper Roo hey that rhymed I'm a
rap God okay Ripper Roo it's the bloody
crazy one right I've River raw honey not
now it's the same guy right okay I'm got
that top added up bloody walking stick
okay I remember this one it was bloody
annoying okay he puts down TNT and then
you got a uneven no wait what now it's
not true what the shit what do I do with
him oh he slows himself with a nitro
then you hit him boom Bob's your uncle
what wagon Bob's not my own but okay all
you got to do is stay in the corner and
then go for this corner that's it hey
check out your daddy remember who's
crazier me or with the rule however if I
stand here will it be okay Oh
okay all right crash through easy as pie
compared to a bloody crash one until
that bloody dog or the next one is the
Komodo brothers okay
it's a bloody komodo dragons and their
brothers okay
what I do is they throw swords and they
spin his brother and then you spit his
brother into the other brother like this
so we see Cappetta crush one and spin
easy it just even meant to be hot
seriously it's a dog oh no oh no oh okay
okay drop katanas wall-e spinning all
right go all right okay now it's tiny
tiger oh so cute what's a shit oh shit I
gotta jump Oh what am i doing oh the red
ones fall oh oh oh oh oh I just got to
step on the red ones
it was Oh see you later tiger
he's called Danny okay just one more
time easy peasy lemon II pity that sorry
I saw a driver okay the next one is dr.
n Jim mijin okay now this is when the
boss battle start getting hard me
English me is gonna hog reduce making
regret okay Hodges of these water fruits
don't you two really problem is buddy
didn't oh my god okay so we throw the
wonderful boots at this thing until it
breaks off and dies
can you just bloody value our salt oh I
did it I did it it fell off oh shit no
it's funny a heat seeker 100 oh shit I
musta prefer a wumpa fruit in them there
I think so oh shit oh shit oh shit oh oh
look at it
oh okay okay last one now is the cortex
this level all right these guys are so
easy compared to the first one jeez all
right now this one is the shittest boss
battle ever
for some reason they introduced a jet
pack in the game and they made the final
boss battle a jet pack level so all you
got to do is just chase it and then spin
it when you get close and that's it like
out out out
Wow hit him I miss them hidden that's it
that's it
wait what the shit has happened to poor
jack oh forget it vortex yeah still up
there
yeah so did he not die okay crash three
now we're really whoops riverbrook
respond okay I haven't played crash
three old maps did also I have no idea
how the boss battles are but the first
one is tiny Tiger again tiny Tigers all
tied up tight but he's going to break
out I guess
and try and kill me okay he jumps down
and tries to jump on you that's nice
kill him now oh oh you do something else
what's being released oh shit Tigers
tiny I can I get aa hate me go away go
away go away go ever jumpy jumpy jumpy
if you don't properly Samarco that meet
your bloody off okay the next one is
ding good go dial
Oh penguins oh god you guys do that
sacred okay I'm not oh my god what is
going on what's what's going on I do
this it's fine Oh
oh my god okay that's how you do it then
yes get him again 0:06 move it now okay
I got it okay that was easy not a bad
shot oh okay you don't to jump on that
because it might explode again just
leave the penguin or I'll am do is ding
all right so the next one is what dr.
tropi it's a
now you're on my time you little skunk
I'm not what the shit is going on what's
the second copy of us oh I can go oh
cool oh okay
I thought I died wait I died so what do
I hit him and then just stay still
what's going on or what to do what
therefore that man job no oh is it
mostly too pushy turning to okay I'll go
to kill dr. Jin that's great we would oh
I've seen this one now I hate these
stupid-ass levels it dies and fun why
would you make it look books are just
shoot where the Rockets a common form
this is so challenging and hard last one
now I did it
alright now I think it's the last one
wait what the oh it's not over
you've got a bigger one they make the
least fun level in the game longer
yay-yay-yay-yay or here we are the last
one it's cortex again this is hard
he's wearing the bloody moles okay now
this one's hard I got max to do it
because I couldn't do it okay so I've
got to avoid these bloody thingies again
okay throws mine I remember that and
then all now heels are down okay I got
it and then you spin him in here okay
now it gets really hard I think all
right now they're bloody spinning their
thing is I can't even get any book of
books because my little puppets go over
there spinning with the under of
booga-booga okay now now now
I forgot you I mean about the nine it's
a nine isn't it now the third one so
goddamn hard okay I'll try and do it
first go come on Brandon cause the drape
closet rate for the mosque swing
oh no no I gotta get where the winnings
gonna come from ah no okay no no no no
oh I hate this third one you can't get
ready shit shit shit okay drop my sock
done myself done my sock no oh forget it
- run faster hold down our two while
running please I it was the ending in
the game I'll hear it repeat it again
this is not fair oh maybe I should
retire to a nice big beach Oh nice big
dream oh and a woman with nice big up
bags of ice okay guys that was all the
crash bandicoot boss battles now if you
want me to make another video playing
the top 10 hardest levels in crash and
watch me rage then leave a like if we
reach 10,000 I will do that if not it
doesn't matter I still play this game
though because it's literally a
childhood favorite and I love it thank
you guys so much for watching and I'll
see you in the next video man later guys
love you
ba-bam
my god look uh I'm looking for a book a
good burger or a book I broke down
welcome look up I gotta fuckin Booga
Booga Booga Booga
I'm worried God look a book I suppose
the purposeful kombucha
