but then lo everyone how is everyone
doing it is mesh yourself it as you can
straightaway tell I am in my new setup
alright it is not finished just yet
alright as you can hear you know it
sounds a bit shitty alright and I am
currently standing ok oh I'm standing
while recording now ok ok but yeah at
the moment I am in my new setup alright
and I am working on setting everything
up ok anyway guys if today's video we
are going to be reacting to some more
animations ok and we're gonna be
checking out no one other than llama
hearts ok because Halloween is
approaching alright so I thought you
know it would be a good chance to go
back to low mods and check out some
animations which I haven't watched
before if you guys didn't know I made a
tons of videos on llamas and I
absolutely love their channel alright so
if you haven't already please do me a
massive favor and go down description
subscribe to llamas okay I'd appreciate
it so much I love this series because
you know I'm showing you guys you know
cool channel which you know you should
check out you know give this a seven
said a little bit of help there way you
know what I'm saying
I mean I put it like that but I'm pretty
much just watching their videos because
I'm a big fan
so the first spooky animation we are
going to be watching is called trick or
treat stories animated okay so I'm
guessing something scary happened all
these guys were trick-or-treating
alright and a lloween is approaching
okay oh my goodness I'm so scared
let's watch it alright very scary
it was Halloween night of 2007 freshman
year in high school okay I was with my
friends Ivan Ryan super mario Carrie
bitch
I was Luigi she was the second-tallest
I've been with Mario since he's
shortened by not that Mario was Bob you
know jesse was wallowing he's freakishly
tall and scheming fed and Ryan was wario
because hes just really fast really fat
so they were the perfect of group
costumes for us yeah perfect
we live in a very non congested suburban
neighborhood with a decent amount of
space in between houses okay
on Halloween that's the worst thing ever
yeah less bang for your buck you know
you guys don't have money you can't just
do that keep watching this video you
know please don't stop watching me are
you you're paying for me to live less
bang for your buck bang boom
we were trick-or-treating for hours way
past ours and eventually came the time
when most trick-or-treaters were heading
home oh yeah he started to hurt I had to
constantly switch arms for holding the
now ten pound pillow sack of candy that
we planned on going until our bags were
completely full houses by now weren't
answering anymore yeah just has their
cutoff time for giving candy to
trick-or-treaters just go home
approaching our next house we saw a
purple bucket on the stoop I was the
best feeling ever
Oh how's the one to get close enough to
realize it was empty which was the worst
feeling ever don't trust it I turned
around when I heard a knock at the
window of the house I looked at the
window couldn't see anyone but heard
someone call out wait
hello the door opened and an older men
late forties already Bolden stepped up
told us to come inside so he can get us
some more candy I said just wait out
here
did something along the lines come on in
your house you ducky Osvaldo man I said
we could just wait out all the way he
responded saying something along the
lines of Oh nonsense come on no no no
Ivan stepped in and said it's all right
it's a long Dan let's go yeah just go I
told the guy so Erin apologized just
stood there watching as we walked off
I'm saying anything nope dead but at the
same time that guy seemed like a creeper
I figured I just dodged a bullet you're
going in there
if the story ended there it wouldn't be
scary so of course it didn't end there
we skipped a few of the guys neighboring
houses just to get further away and
continued on with our business okay we
were walking down close to the Nature
Preserve now so there weren't many
houses around us at this point we were
now walking back closer to Jesse's house
while I read you notice I stopped
walking and I turned around to see
what's up Wow yeah he said he heard
someone moving from behind the trees in
the ours earth oh no this was before
everyone's phones had flashlights so I
can just go searching in the woods for
someone Oh
besides we were just telling Ryan that
it must have been a raccoon or something
you may think this is a bit of a cliche
but when things like this happen in real
life
yeah I've always assumed the more
logical possibility
it was Nigel yeah why don't you do soon
we were being followed yeah
I had to put my arm around Ryan shoulder
nudge your word Vario okay a little ways
down the street mile I've been picked up
on the sound as well be it when we all
stops the sounds of the footsteps from
beyond the trees stopped as well well
I've been yelled at the obvious stalker
to go away or we would beat the shit out
of them yeah he's just bluffing though I
could hear the nervousness in his voice
oh the trap of the twig from beyond the
trees triggered a fight-or-flight
response in all of us oh my god me Jesse
and Ryan all ran for it why he was at
first charging to attack and he quickly
followed after realizing we had all
taken off down the dark street they all
notice the sounds of at least two or
three pairs of footsteps crushing the
twigs and leaves in the woods painted
hard right down Jesse Street when it
finally came up and ran straight for his
backyard entering his house okay the
first thing he did was peek out through
his livingroom window
knowing that we couldn't see anyone
we all had to gather our thoughts and
discuss what the hell just went down in
this and all of a sudden we heard
Jesse's backyard gate slam shut just
move to turn off the light there was a
click and a bang from down in the den no
more than likely Jesse's backdoor they
all agreed to go down armed with knives
and face them
Jesse turned on his back door light oh
my god there was nobody out there oh
just then the front door open we all
dreamed like animals Jesse's mom and
sisters came rushing downstairs they had
just gotten home from their friend's
little house party we all rested a short
knowing it was just them what just
explained what happened but made it seem
a lot less dramatic me and Ivan went
home after that and called it a night so
at 12:30 a.m.
I got a disturbing text message
oh it's from Jessie it said it wasn't my
mom it wasn't my posted back saying huh
what what he responded back quickly
saying it wasn't my mom in the backyard
oh my fingers slammed the buttons on my
phone
respond back what do you mean what are
you waiting out there was a long pause
before he finally told me that his mom
and sisters said they never went in the
backyard I told him to immediately check
the backyard from his upper deck he had
already done just that
he also told his mom everything and she
had already called the police oh they
didn't find anyone back there but Jessie
did mention the guy who invited us in
while trick-or-treating nothing ever
became of that nothing ever happened
that Jessie's house
nice okay now what that story was what
was kind of scary actually okay because
I imagine that you're going out
trick-or-treating it's funny because
after watching this video I really would
love to like animate my own horror
stories because it kind of reminds me of
the time where I went out on
trick-or-treating and I like nearly got
mugged and like these guys in masks all
like basically like charged and tried to
like attack me and I was running for my
life and I was thinking you know like
man I would love if I hadn't made that
story and me voice it now maybe I should
do something like that in the future you
know I could talk to an animator and do
something like that but yeah that's kind
of scary you guys have to be careful on
Halloween I actually heard that crime
you know goes up on Halloween because of
how many kids there are in there and how
crazy shit is so yeah you guys need to
be careful or the next animation that we
are going to be watching is just called
scary true horror stories animated
alright so it's a random horror story
or let's listen to you alright scary
voice it's very true alright alright
it's bloody true 27 years old alright I
live alone in a rural town in Virginia
about two blocks away from my parents
okay my parents are both in their 60s
and my mom has become a very worrisome
woman in her old age
oh no sometimes she walks over uninvited
and lets herself inside regrettably
given her a key which can get a bit
annoying Oh
like it fell out really late on weekends
at a bar or with women and sometimes
come home to my mom sitting in the
living room waiting worried sick I know
you may just think oh my god that's
crazy why not just put your foot down
and tell her to stop well because you
don't know my mom it's very hard to
describe her but she's the kind of
worrisome innocent little lady that you
just can't bring yourself to go hate to
mention she also has mild dementia Oh
- that's so sad you know that's kind of
relatable alright because I love my mom
you know and you know my mom's is a very
worrisome person like that I know that's
so relatable alright that's the wives of
moms all right they're the best anyway
this was Saturday night I think it was
around 2:00 in the morning I was at a
nearby club with a group of college
friends really the only place to hang
out in this boring town oh and I was
getting ready to head home alright I
said goodbye to all my friends and walk
the three blocks it took to get back to
my house all right
I walked up my front stoop in my drunken
haze around in my pocket for my keys
he's flown when I grabbed the doorknob I
realized it was on lungs Oh mom was here
again Oh his mom I quietly opened and
shut the front door
locking it behind me okay I put my keys
on the kitchen counter and found a note
written in my mom's handwriting saying
you forgot this at our house next to the
box of half-eaten cake my parents didn't
once oh I can't see my mom anywhere so I
assumed she must have gone upstairs to
sleep in the guest bed until I got back
which is something she would commonly do
as well all right so your mom thought I
heard footsteps upstairs confirming it
and that's when I sighed once again 27
years old almost three in the morning I
still has to wait up and treat me like a
drug that's his mom I ran upstairs to
check the guest bed empty along with all
the bathroom oh no I was afraid mom was
having one of her episodes due to her
condition to cause dementia after four
rings my dad picked up in a groggy voice
oh asking what the hell is the matter
after I told him that I heard mom
wandering around upstairs in my house
there was a short pause I said that's
not possible she's sleeping
No my mouth fell open as I turned my
head to face the dog just barely by the
light provided by the kitchen I could
see a head appearing around from the
corner at the top of the stairs looking
down oh I screamed into the phone as I
ran out the front doors down the street
to my parents I was explaining to my
father on the way oh my god about
halfway there my dad told me all right
I'm gonna call the cop and hung oh I
know it's my parents house where my mom
was already waiting at the door worried
sick
my mom explained that she did come over
to keep my kitchen although and put it
over the cake they didn't once two
police cars pulled up in front of my
parents house to my house
one officer stayed outside with us while
two others went inside to investigate oh
it felt like 15 minutes before they came
back outside and said it was clear okay
I check the crawlspace the Attic
everything gene there was really nothing
for me to report other than the door was
left unlocked and I saw the outline of a
head upstairs before I ran home still I
didn't feel safe sleeping in there that
night man so I went back to my parents
said yeah dad are certain that my mom
simply forgot to lock the door when she
left as her mana has been getting worse
over the past few months yeah my dad has
been stopping her from coming over alone
from now which makes me both sad but
also really wanted some nights I still
get paranoid that whoever was in my
house that night Neverland is still
hiding in here tonight
oh no he's still sleeping okay thing
about this is that it's someone in your
house you know is someone in your home
you know like that would freak you out
you know your home is like the place
where you're safe you know that place
where you can go to and feel safe and
secure it's your home but you know
like when someone comes uninvited you
know just kind of message with your head
man was scary stories that was stupid
old woman she must have left the door
open and made me they some guy must have
followed this old woman and was gonna
win that attacker may be oh no okay all
right but Jesus Christ I was a scary
story my content in someone else's or
the next animation that we are going to
be watching on this vase a video is the
scary true pull horror stories okay so
um guess things these dumbass kids went
to a pool at night scary scary scary
music okay everyone getting in the best
spooky mood alright it was approaching
the end of summer and my friends and I
wanted to do some cool mischievous
things before going back to school okay
so we had the genius idea one night to
sneak into a nearby community pool okay
there's actually only a couple blocks
away it's right smack in the middle of a
residential area
so instead of sitting on a main road or
something and actually just sat around a
bunch of houses on a quiet road override
a the little parking lot would be full
and the spot would be bustling but now
1:00 in the morning
the place was of course dead that scares
obviously a big fence surrounding the
whole front entrance as well their age
that gets closed up when the place
closes also our best way was to get in
through the side walk into the back yard
of a neighboring house and how it
divided over to the pool because as easy
as that
Oh more of us take off our shirts and
jong-kul which I got respect wasn't
smart since many of the neighbors could
have heard the splashes and just called
the police
Oh dumb high schoolers very done within
that whole in closing no pool had no
lights which is why it closed at sunset
okay James Courtney and Alyssa were on
the other side of the pool as I was just
kind of doing my own thing at first
coming around and getting my face wet Oh
careful
I saw Alyssa get out of the pool shortly
after and run away why over to see what
was going on
she was just going to the water fountain
though are you sure the three of us just
popped around in the water for a bit
okay eventually we heard Alyssa jump
back into the pool from the other side
it was too dark to see much more than
her black hair covering her face oh we
heard Alyssa playfully call something to
us and she was walking back to the three
of us and the pool looked at each other
they were doing counting heads and here
came Alyssa walking over to our side
also who was that on the other side
Lissa got in attracted looking at the
head bopping around the water across the
pool oh my god James said across the
pool who is that oh not even two seconds
later the head went underwater and
disappeared from you know it's a whisper
to each other mostly things like what
should we do what if that security oh
and should we run yeah well suddenly I
felt something grab my leg with us and
tried pulling me down into the mall I
kicked splashed and yelled for help
James came over to pull me out of the
pool Wow girls were already running for
it screaming to the stairs of the pool
but the grip on my leg was released and
I was free Wow we got the same fence we
climbed over to get in and ran all the
way back to Alyssa's house
whoa I was convinced that whoever that
was was a security guard that is until
they literally tried to pull me on you
you don't know what to think there are a
few possibilities all of you was just
another kid messing with us maybe was a
security guard who went way too far or
most likely it was a dangerous person
who had ill intents geez oh my goodness
that's pretty scary I mean I think it
was just a person maybe trying to mess
with them because it was dark okay
think it was someone that was going to
actually kill him you know what are you
realistically gonna do in a pool you
know like you're in a pool like like you
can't like move around and stab you know
like yeah everything you can really do
is shoot someone you know or drown them
you know anyway and it's not that scary
alright these guys went to a pool and
and someone they found someone else
alright and someone else jumped in the
pool was not a big deal or this next
animation it's quite short but honestly
I think the shorter the better on some
of these animations alright this one is
called scary vacation stories all right
so something scary happened while on
vacation oh my goodness that the time
like you expected there's something we
fix the scary happened something many
scary happens scary vacation stories
naughty scary I was vacationing in the
Bahamas when I was 14 with some family
friends alright my friend and I were
getting some henna tattoos at the hotel
and there was this guy lingering around
us but we didn't think much of it
because a lot of people would stop to
see what was going on okay after mine
was done I told my friend and her mom I
was gonna go back to the room to get
ready for dinner the hotel either inside
through a bunch of small stores or
outside along the pool I walk through
the inside and got to the elevator where
I saw the guy who had been watching us
already at the elevator oh what shop he
got on together and he gestured for me
to choose my floor button first
oh I clicked it but he didn't choose
another floor alarms start going off in
my head but what could I do
I was stuck in an elevator oh that's
scary just trapped in an elevator with
this guy Oh No
he's gonna tack up oh no oh no oh no no
dad he's coming close up
he's coming close up the elevator
stopped on my floor and they are walking
to my room careful in this hotel most of
the rooms face the ocean so to the right
in this hallway we're just windows oh I
was in the very last room on that floor
okay I can see the guy following me
about ten feet behind no no no no no no
no no no two doors for my room ran up
and grabbed me I kicked and screamed and
he dropped onto the floor to the rumor
locked myself in after talking with
security and giving a description they
found the guy and found out that he had
actually been following multiple younger
women in the building
whoa man imagine it and that's the
decide caught this poor woman man man
she dodged a bullet
Wow yeah you guys have to be careful oh
my goodness anyone could just be crazy
it's not scary
okay now let's watch our very lost
animation if you haven't checked out
longer arts already and subscribe to
their Channel all right now's a great
time to let's now watch the Christmas
Eve horror story alright because
Christmas is sort of coming up right now
after you know Halloween's over and
everything that Christmas is pretty much
the next thing that happens you know so
yeah let's just watch it
alright a Christmas Eve horror story
scare last year in Christmas Eve I was
wearing only I'm 23 I work in New York
City and commute home every day on the
train okay since I'm one of the younger
ones in the office I got stuck with one
of the worst shifts oh I wasn't able to
get home until five o'clock
my family had already left a whole hour
earlier to go to my cousin's house so I
had to drive alone Oh after having a
quick snack before the half hour drive I
got back in my car and put my cousin's
address into my phone okay
halfway through the drive that started
snowing snow we're now somewhat scared
of my cousin's house around six ago do
that because is snowing heavily by this
point and I just made it in time to
catch everyone starting dinner having
dinner I brought all of my gifts inside
and everyone until eleven o'clock the
rest of my family left a little sooner
stayed an extra half hour so just to
hang out before leaving myself oh okay
by the time I was leaving the ground had
accumulated at least two feet of snow
and even done snowing Wow
the drive home was nightmarish the roads
were hardly even plowed and I had to
drive under 20 miles per hour on the
solos they're gonna break down the roads
were completely dead at this point
though he's gonna because everyone was
smart enough to go home before the snow
accumulated oh I turned onto a main road
that I'm sure would usually be bustling
but at 11:15 on Christmas Eve night
there wasn't a single car or a single a
scary ghost town oh I did notice the
flashing taillights of one car he's
broken now onto the side of the road and
the smoke seeping out from its exhaust
with the taillights giving buzzing down
as I got closer I realized there was
somebody next to the car waving their
hands oh he wants help I assumed
something was wrong and they needed help
so me being the Good Samaritan about
behind the car oh no the guy approached
me immediately barely even giving me
time to step out hello
he was an average sized man probably 5
foot 10 180 pounds he spoke in a very
demanding voice asking me if I know
anything about fixing an engine oh I
told him I didn't know much about cars
the guy responded very quickly to
everything I said he told me it's fine
it's fine and I'm one side of his car
for a second
popped open his trunk came back out and
told me to just wait by the trunk for a
second
well what do you want was it's not one I
had always no need me to do I was really
confused he walked over to the front of
his car and I heard him open the hood oh
oh they could have anything he was doing
since the trunk was blocking my view
full snowstorm overpowered any small
noises he might have been making oh I
put my hands on the back of the car and
leaned my body and anticipation when
suddenly I heard three or four quick and
aggressive footsteps in the snow behind
me before I was pushed into the trunk
no and tried to close the trunk on me
but I kicked my feet up in resistance
and I was able to overpower it kick the
trunk open completely oh my god as I
took advantage of the few seconds I had
to get out of the trunk I took out my
keys
oh he tried to grab me now and I dug my
house key right into his neck what fell
to his knees and his scream at go down
the deserted Street oh and halfway down
the road before he could even get up
from his knees
oh brother call 9-1-1 and reported the
guy I came back in ten minutes to find
blue and red lights illuminating the
windows of the deserted stores Wow until
the ambulance arrived for him watch the
whole thing and nothing ever felt better
in my life Gordon I got home safely half
an hour later and told my family
everything very shaken that Christmas
and this remains possibly the most
horrific thing I've ever experienced
even more horrific than getting socks
because that's what you got
wait did this guy get in and get in
trouble because he just stopped at a man
he just stopped a man in his neck I know
he was attacking him first but did this
guy get in trouble for stabbing him in
the neck okay let's not ask any
questions alright he was happy this guy
got away man but that's kind of scary
alright
yeah even on Christmas people could be
attacking you and started pushing you in
your car man yeah don't trust people man
always be very careful when you meet
anyone geez that's all that I've learned
from this dumb video okay guys I'm gonna
end the video there sorry about like the
echo and like this room I'm working on
my setup alright
take a while for me to get it like the
way that I like okay
but either way though I hope you enjoyed
this video and yeah if you want me to do
another video like this then leave a
like either way though
I'll see you in the next video buh-bye
