hello everyone how is everyone doing is
much a selfie today we are going to be
reacting to one of my favorite youtubers
okay I think he makes some of the best
gaming content I have seen on YouTube I
think I've been watching him for about
five years now today we are going to be
reacting to mess yourself I want to show
you guys my channel page okay so now we
go over to my channel page alright and
if you scroll down you'll see my layout
and I loved the layout of my channel
okay because every two months I pick out
the best videos of those two months okay
and put them in a small little playlist
okay so it's basically my way of
archiving every single good video that I
believe I've created okay and it
basically shows like a highlight of some
of the best videos to watch so if you
guys saw that do ever feel bored okay I
do recommend you guys scroll through
this okay and try and find some good
videos here because every single video
here I recommend to you guys okay that's
why it's on my home page and the videos
that are shit okay I know some of them
are shit okay the videos that I shit
okay I leave out and I only put the good
ones on here okay it's a personal
favorites of mine the heavy rain let's
play okay best let's play I've ever done
if you haven't watched it you're a shit
mess yourself at the beyond two souls
let's play is also a good one I'd say
it's the second best who should Daddy
series is awesome GTA 5 mod series is
awesome this sims for hunger games
videos cool
okay there's so many good videos here
okay so what we're gonna be doing in
today's video I know it sounds stupid
but I'm gonna watch some of my favorite
videos okay some videos here I think are
so good and they don't have that many
views okay the annoying thing about
YouTube is that some of your favorite
videos don't get a lot of views and so
I'm just shit ones do okay so I'm just
gonna show you guys it's like my
favorites out of these these videos
right here okay now one of my favorite
intros okay has to be the Hitler one
okay if you guys haven't seen this you
missing out
I bought ghillie suit so so stupid I
love this so much the wrong way
oh my goodness sir target has been
located
I repeat target has been located some
great acting that I once watched it I
watch watch the game public what was I
thinking
who said yes to this okay and yeah
that's right
I don't think you guys realize this I
dressed up as Hitler in public in a
public park where kids were walking
around I was dressed up as Hitler yes
god I love this I love you so much
look at this editing trying to shoot me
okay I think that's enough look at this
shit the last happy Wolf's video I did
got one-and-a-half million views just
because I had bottle flip in the title
have you guys seen my bottle flip
montage it is so sick I loved filming
that let me show you right now no I'm
gonna show you how easy it is to flip a
bottle in real life
if you look closely okay I broke like my
mum's which I okay ladies on the floor
there it throws in the end my max then
goes inside goes to the toilet yeah
Jesus just rose again Jesus for goodness
sake see that was great I put a whole
skit in the middle of this happy Wars
video okay
even the video itself is great okay I
want to show you this one scene from
yandere simulator okay this has to be
most most favourite thing I think it's
in August okay if I scroll over here
killing all students okay I did like a
mini song okay if you guys haven't seen
it it's amazing with this update they
have added something new if we go over
to the light music club there is someone
in the corner of this is the basic love
listen to it's a pleasure to meet you
man I've been waiting on your arrival
before we see though allow me to see you
this wonderful hello I am mr. turtle I
can help you with many things like sport
you any weapons so you can do some evil
things if you want to kill those silly
twins stop me do forgive your sins
you don't have to watch your profanity
Yuri Yuri don't make it shitty suck on
don't panic if you get in some trouble
I'll fix the problem which are some
bubbles don't make this shit okay that
was the song I film that then there okay
I took two minutes to write that soak
the literal most amazing song ever
okay get Brandon an Oscar thank you so
much ciao songs amazing alright like so
many good videos okay alright now I
believe I made other songs too okay if
you got over to early 2016 scroll all
the way to the right all right there's a
lot of videos in this place because it's
six months worth of videos okay okay all
the way down okay we talked about this
all the time and curious the baby and 15
times yeah
oh yeah okay I only made this video
three months ago but it only has 500,000
views okay it's my last guts and glory
video in my opinion it's the best one
okay so we got daddy I got mrs. yang
baby
I passed driving class with a stop so I
said to him that's not my dog that's my
dinner road again chopstick doll itself
oh why is that two random pedestrians in
the street all these are very weird go
for Go Go with me yes before you go go
I'm driving with the yang family which
is a non dog I feel like I should
apologize like at least every couple of
minutes you know for my racist remarks
could you stop my favorite movies still
Tokyo Drift
okay enough of that video all right just
go watch yourself have you guys seen the
intro for my ww2 K 17 and let me show
you guys this what's a smell Twitter a
kick what what is cooking
I love it down
I'm video okay okay now this video you
guys have to watch it was my surgeon
simulator VR video how is everyone doing
it is dr. Nash yourself okay my mom is
finally proud of me because I have
finally become our doctor no longer
disappoint but making the bloody videos
is she proud I'm coming a piece of shit
listen I'm not good dr. Bob so you may
die today is that okay okay I wanted
more tea so before I go
this video is sponsored by more Jesus
big brown balls in your mouth I'd note
all right good news and bad news
yes good news is Bob isn't dead but bad
news is is he's losing a lot of blood
and he's probably gonna die the next
answer this is where I caught two when
him dying
yeah blood oh he's dead just got a
patiently wait for me to make my joke
any second now
I did say ten so he's dead how do I tell
pops wife and his little baby daughter
factory addict Bob are you hungry
well you can't because you got no stop
I've used um make it for three
- yeah but Rick's one
I'm an MLG doctor baby that's right six
seasons medical school teacher that one
baby
doctor miss yourself in the house baby
man did she love me one too many times
before okay
I can't keep doing this please don't
call me at work ever again okay I love
that one go watch it oh yeah okay this
video definitely deserves more views I
love this intro for this okay
I think I just bought a drone if I was
like I wanna use my drone in videos oh
yeah oh you like the coach oh I like it
grab that oh you like that shut up how
many sign sucking on titty jokes do I
make on a video on average probably at
least three right yeah yeah no I know it
is I'd be in this position in any man
but the only way I'm gonna beat this guy
is an epic rocky one or maybe that's by
a montage rocky Beaucaire no looki
Balboa you
new bags used that gets raised like all
the time so like if I get knocked down
it's fine because I get back up again
they're never going to get me down okay
that video it's great all right let's
watch another one all right I absolutely
love this video now it made it four
months ago so I'm some of you guys may
have seen it but my date simulator video
you know like I love this video cuz it's
so but it's just so funny
number one is free girlfriend is
flexible we all know the good
click repeatedly in a time with the
music you are a decent dancer
shut up area okay it is great watch that
one is funny okay I love this who's your
daddy video I think this is the latest
one alright this is the world where we
got a puppy it's so funny
whoa monkey on the car monkey on the car
zoom everyone seems chef myself alright
mess yourself classic okay for Stevie
B's painter he's gonna help you boys
okay let me get some bank' for myself
no matter what children
okay I've been watching my videos for
like a nearly hour and a half now
you know I've been doing it you for a
long time and I still really love making
videos and this is what I want to do
just for now and for a long long time
you know and some videos I make aren't
gonna be good as the ones I've made
before but I'm super proud for every
video that I have made and I want to
make better videos I do not have any
intentions on stopping making videos and
I have made some good videos but I know
I could do better and I'm gonna strive
to do better but just give me time and
patience and I will make some great
videos I promise you that anyway guys
I'm gonna end the video here I hope you
did enjoy like if you ever feel bored
I've made so many videos just go on my
homepage and just pick a few okay I
recommend all of these they're all great
alright definitely from the past two
years they've been great thank you guys
so much for watching this and any videos
and I'll see you in the next video man
slowly guys I love you ba ba
