hello everyone how is it real doing a
special cell fate today we are playing
care called Steven really good to money
am i doing wow that was just me just
saying random words that doesn't mean
anything in Japanese see useless German
a new Tekken game came out Tekken 7 I
never play Tekken before okay and my mum
did let me play it as a kid because it
was too violent
alright so now I am playing alright
alright mom alright screw you I play
Tekken ok I don't know what to do for
this video of this story but I come over
to that shit okay
I just want to fight people okay so
we've got panda a panda panda okay we
got Li a generic Japanese guy bleach I
learned how I know what okay sorry I
just can't not be races in this video
guys we've got some fat little white
dude called Bob Bob okay fellow down so
down we need a name for a fat white
American dude okay let's call him Bob
that's brilliant
okay we got Nina in her wedding dress
for some reason Nina Williams
Nina Williams okay she's she's American
or some shit okay we got a Kumar why is
he got us back to us okay he's right
which I took a picture of you Akuma
look at the goddamn camera Kazumi Kazumi
Mishima Kazumi Mishima oh I respect our
kobu chic up with Chihuahua I already
forgot their names master Rayford so
bloody a half robot half woman master
reason Mumma surveyman I like the waist
is that Raven
we've got oh you want the kitty kitty
look at my chest
just a big Riley pervert we got a bear
called
Kumar we got Akuma Annabelle Akuma did
Akuma turn into a coma Eddie the generic
black dude oh my bloody good what does
look good thing meet you Yoshimitsu -
Eva midsole looks like a bloody alien
drug good enough is he bloody Russian my
name is the Soviet Union that we got law
what a name
martial law martial law we got a Sukkah
Oh looking super finest took us past
Oscar Kazama Oscar oh I said it wrong
look at me being insensitive to the
Japanese language we've got a bloody
Arab guy called Shahin I look manly
sir okay sorry guys I am racist you know
there's no I'm not denying it I'm not
racist guys gun trying to be funny but
I'm clearly failing
we've got car Zula why it's got one red
eye okay that's bloody bad we got bored
the over here by your Hachi ha ha hey
Hachi Mishima Heihachi Mishima wait
wasn't this guy Mishima Kazuya Mishima
Mishima Heihachi Mishima I said are they
bloody son and Dyna Claudio stupid-ass
name we got lucky Chloe what the shit is
this girl she's got bloody cat piss and
bloody cut hands we got Lele okay
probably the easiest name to pronounce
Li Li Li that's it
Lily Lily loss large alexander sin'
alexanderson what a name we got cake
lion
jack seven oh my God look this shit has
his face we got Brian just some guy with
a mask that's not really original is it
with I spoke too soon this guy it's
called Steve Paul what's with all these
names oh no guys I have no idea what the
white people in America are called I
think one of them is called Paul and
Steve okay we got X the I row
of the exercise and I'm sure rube helps
a silo to pipe away
we got Josie got gin okay that's a devil
shit hey how you doing everyone I'm Jim
it's a scary poopoo
okay we got kind of Rinat damn set of
bloody glasses Orlando Jesus Katarina
elders okay we got oh my god give us
some biggest rope we got Leo some white
generic dude we got ELISA and last one
we got fake then wait now what I'm gonna
do okay is I'm gonna play the arcade
mode because the arcade mode just battle
off the battle after battle okay but
before I do that people are saying to me
play the first five minutes of the
tutorial of the story because they said
that I would like it so apparently
there's something weird about it I
remember receiving my first letter from
my son a few years back scribbled on it
were the words I love you I was so happy
I cried I've been investigating a
certain father and son and I managed to
get a hold of the first letter of the
boy wrote to his father
oh it said it's sad father one day I
will tear you to pieces
my mother my dad that's the tutorial
listen okay Japan you're messed up you
can't just go around kicking children
for no reason listen kid just turn the
other way or just call child services
okay just go what the hell we doing on
this rocky mountain anyway just run kid
do you wanna see me one is for soccer oh
I go and then son is he doing what I
think he's doing he's gonna throw his
own son over the
okay let's play as lucky collie because
she's English right whoa lucky Chloe
Russ's and our name just what I want you
guys I'm terrible at this game what I
just did that so that's good okay why
are we firing in a middle of the bloody
hell oh shit oh no no great thank you
mystery man voice oh I'm so good at this
game nevermind I died No get rekt you
silly how you win
okay round 2 me versus the the metal
hand guy oh I love that I don't know how
I did it but I love it yeah yeah yeah so
good this game how am I good this game I
have never even played this game before
listen didn't they tell you not to punch
and kick a woman oh my god I am so good
at this game I love this game so much
it came in the foot
doesn't matter knocked him out promotion
match do a bloody game loses bloody
exactly old girl while rocky was tied up
by doing that I wish I could hit like
ten hit combos in this game you have to
learn all the complex moves and I just
can't bothered oh my head okay no no no
no hang on wait it's ready now wait what
the hell
that's not nice yeah yeah stop blocking
bitch okay oh lucky Chloe is sick man no
wonder why she's lucky okay she's bloody
winning everything oh no no don't lose
those
Garet girl we're gonna fight the guy who
killed his own son so you came okay
buddy come on give it all you're gone
yeah that's right
okay he's please record me guys this is
meant to be a bloody dojo level and I'm
his ass zoomy Devils picked oh shit
whoa look where we are we're bloody lava
land
well I've come from
happy two against one stupid Kazumi okay
I think this is like the boss level so
I'm probably gonna lose this because
okay I'm already dead Wow okay lucky
Chloe your Luck's run out to swing one
round come on Chloe come on where's your
luck wait a lot go
what don't run the floor stop bringing
out the stupid line do this I lost
okay Nexus players Katrina you know the
one with a big pair of sunglasses every
characters differ in this game so like
all the character moves are different so
I don't know what's going what to do
shit shit oh oh my god oh oh yeah kick
him in the shins to knock him out ugly
yeah yeah oh oh oh
I know could do that shit I said you
can't bringing new moves buddy machine
okay I moaning moaning yeah okay hey oh
baby oh no what planning is this a
stupid girl again god damn it great
witness to Bismark it again okay if you
guys got nothing better to do but to
watch us fight kick it back to your mama
bitch oh no we're playing against Bowlby
again okay only I could take but the
goose tip would go with the light is
bloody ridiculous
come on Baldy give it all your got or
you're gonna die she is so good
it was gonna win and I got it oh shit
that was close
still won though here we go planning as
a stupid gorilla line okay I can't beat
this girl she's too hard okay I feel bad
we just parked up but I still don't
think I could leave this look at this
shit she's just owning me already
oh maybe not maybe not maybe not I'm
trying to record a video Kasumi just let
me win please oh no damn it's so hard
I'm too bad this hey guys I just go
ladies and gentlemen she's on the floor
what the shit score Alexa cue it hello
what got to a bloody devil five suitable
self the shitty sister
Oh No okay I if I could be regular
bloody girl I was believed the devil oh
my god there's a chance guys there's a
chance the chance now
how do you want more hair that was one
more okay do two girls let's do a panda
why not slow this shitty panda is okay
yeah I can't be shit with this stupid
fat-ass panda oh my god he hits hard
though he has a lot of health and he has
a lot of power but he's just not fast at
all how the hell did I win that one
Jesus Christ can agree to do anything
else that were just punching kick you
stupid Panda you're a panda eat up
bamboo not bloody Josey okay just beat
her again
Jesus Christ I hate her to death hey her
out good oh shit
and the results god damn hard to play I
hate this time I lose panda you're so
shit okay yeah did it okay I'm gonna
stop there panda stop bouncing okay guys
I'm gonna end the video there that was
Tekken 7 I think it was take a 7 I'm not
gonna make any more videos in this spot
yeah leave a like anyway let's try any
10,000 either ways I think you guys so
much for watching and I'll see you in
the next video man so the guys love you
ba ba
