how bloody smart do you guys think you
are let's find out in this video
today we are playing are you smarter
than a 5th grader so in England I will
show I smile a 10 year old the American
stole it and made a shitty version it's
basically a quiz show where they ask you
school questions and now some of you
guys are probably in school so you guys
should get this right and if you don't
come close stop watching me out go do
your homework
I'm joking watch this video then do your
homework or don't I don't care
hi I'm Jeff Foxworthy and welcome to are
you smarter than a fairy this guy's
scary as hell I sustained by exactly
high-budget but we're still going to
plant wet work we're gonna stick with
school kids watching videos are do let
meet your classmate Oh Amanda Cynthia
yeah Joseph I look like an arm Georgia
Edward how can you my name is Edward and
Logan
alright so how'd the bigger 12 8 is
going to help me with the answers so
let's go with Logan corner same problem
so these questions are from 6 to 10
years old ok so let's start with a six
year old animal science question here's
the question okay
true or false humans and dinosaurs lived
at the same time bloody stop it of
course dinosaurs they don't close fine
you musta learn something in school
because that's the right answer
yeah would I say you've done all shit
okay what covers a squirrels body ah
and I mean technically it's flour right
not bloody half shut up Logan okay
you're looking at that question like a
dog looks at a ceiling fan oh you dumb
off man okay after only a few short
hours of deliberation you got the right
answer is got salt in me off every
bloody question your classmates can only
help you two questions at a time so pick
another classmate
shut up Amanda okay I think Joseph's the
bloody Indian one okay so we'll save the
Indian one for the for the ten-year-old
questions why did I already thought
alright so let's go with Cynthia cuz
Sheila
dumb okay let's go with seven-year-old
English how many cons son
I just said what consonants right how
many consonants are in the word
anonymous what was it what was the
constant and again ever get the feeling
you didn't quite get all you could out
of your primary education shut the hell
up wait a second where'd he go
sir where is he going back what to do it
on an asset come on just think about it
you'll do great
well cater said that what are you lookin
okay
you think you're so smart or let's peek
at the stupid girls answer let's just
sneak a pink here it's your classmates
and I know where it is I'm just testing
how okay full I don't know that's so
cool I don't never underestimate the
power of fifth grade okay whatever yeah
listen I'm smart okay I'll just testing
her all right that's what I see if she
knew it okay let's go with our seven
year old grade measurements how many
meters are in a killer meter is that a
CD okay you think I'm gonna dump a
thousand all right easy peasy lemon II
suck on that can you roll is correct
okay I got it right okay let's go with
eight-year-old music - which family of
musical instruments does the following
belong this is that the bloody trumpet
it's all off the monkey bars a lot as a
child
okay it's a bloody thing you blow in so
it's a broth okay I'm spoil that took a
while but you get it right no matter
what happens from this point on the
worst you can do is win $25,000
whoa easy peasy man great house
eight-year-old go where are your
abdominal muscles located now I know
this okay
because nice it's the chip fat bull I
mean okay it's in front of your stomach
okay it's abs right stomach all right
easy peasy
it's been so long I can't even remember
the question was but that looks like the
right answer
shut up bloody okay I'm saving this
bloody Indian kid let's go with this
bloody posh little prick so we've got
history vocabulary month or heart now
I'm good at math okay
my mom's buddy slap the shit out of me
if I didn't get my math right true or
false
43 is a prime number already I think it
means it can only be divisible by itself
yeah so one could either be divisible by
1 3 currently be divisible by 3 43 can
be divisible by okay no it's not a prime
number okay it's only 43 could it be
divided by 43 okay
after all that thing and I almost don't
have the heart to tell you that that was
the wrong answer
almost what wait no a prime number is
something that's divisible by itself no
right ah you've got $25,000 website
25,000 I like up $1,000,000 okay oh for
goodness sake no I'm not giving up on
that dumb shit okay okay that was just a
test one all right we'll do it one more
time and I'll get it right this time
I swear which of the following words
means not moving dissection arey too
retro arey stationary or stationary
well it's stationary but I'm pretty sure
that is like pencils and shit so this
one you didn't get that one right when
you probably could have taken the 5th
grade over again in the time it took you
to come up with your answer I got the
stomach wrong as I say little anything
last week why C's and DS the space
buddies work ok let's not the state shit
ok I have SWAT ok I don't get a check
one more time well I'll do it this time
ok I got one chance for bloody this
Indian kid to save me okay well thank
you ready to meet between our different
tactics we're going to go with the
hardest questions flat so I don't waste
my time doing these dumbass questions
we're going to start with physical
science from a tenure
the amount of what particle changes to
make an element an isotope ah electron
no oh oh oh it was a neutral because you
could really get that one point if you
can view your dark right last time I
swear to God not silence later guys on
what scale does water boil up 373 okay
I don't know Fahrenheit but it's
Fahrenheit wait is it Kelvin no it's
Fahrenheit I like that answer it's not
right but I like it which of the
following words is spelled incorrectly
government that's right
recommend I'm pretty sure that's two CS
right recommend has two seeds no two M's
either way the way one of them's wrong I
knew there too of course I've got it
written on the card here true or false
regular polygons have all sides the same
length and all of the angles are the
same size
true you must have learned something in
school because that's the right answer
which of these countries was not a major
: nope our Switzerland because they're
nice and friendly now where I come from
they call that a right entry what is an
instrument that measures the amount of
rainfall in a specific area rain Gorge
that's it that's the right answer
whoa all the left is six-year-old I've
seven rolled questions if I left any of
these up I hired a motel which is a
story in Aesop's fables okay so check it
little Little Mermaid
it's either the little engine that could
all the toys in the hair now Aesop lived
like a thousand years ago so why would
he talk about some stupid engine so it's
porous and a hair right or only a few
short hours of deliberation you got the
right answer
oh my god I'm so smart da cheese and
sugar our type of what nutrient aa
starch is fat no starch is a
carbohydrate I start just a carb right
right but sugars not a cop
it's sugar cop I don't know wait I have
my cheat left
okay let's buddy copy off his stupid
gold if your classmate gets this right
you get to keep playing okay if not well
let's just see if they got it right this
is a leash your classmate didn't sleep
through the fifth grade call for heart
rate okay I knew that I said that but I
just wanted to make sure okay
all right here's our question for
$300,000 $300,000 for each picture is an
image of a dinosaur called the
Tyrannosaurus Rex no Tyrannosaurus Rex
is the big one
t-rex no I know that I think now where I
come from they call that a right answer
or the last question
six-year-old grade languages if I get
this right have half a million and then
I have one more question for the four
million what is the following color cold
in French uh yellow so then look okay
let's pick for this goes odds up okay
let's see well let's see what your
classmate said she wrote one is it's not
right Amanda I just was gonna find out
you get this one wrong I sweat a bloody
god these fifth graders really know
their stuff
let's see what the subject of the
million-dollar question is million
dollar question now once you see the
question you have to answer I'm good at
that right I said I'm a bloody good
Indian I'm going to accept it all or
nothing 1 million or zero are you ready
for the million dollar question I am
blood man how many faces dozen I call
Sahib run house I can't fake it no one
knows what I call sign heater on it okay
um I'm gonna guess guess 20 you should
be proud of yourself you're smarter than
a 5th grader
Wow guys feel like if you enjoyed let's
try it 10,000 if we do I might do more
quiz game shows okay because it's quite
finding out its different type of
content you know I don't really see
anyone making this type of content so if
you guys liked it leave a like 10,000 or
do more thank you guys so much watching
and I'll see you in the next video man
so guys love you Baba
