so there look everyone how is everyone
doing is much Sophia today we are doing
the final episode or kindergarten baby
now I say the final episode because we
are finally gonna find out what happened
just breathing really I know you're
alive okay I don't believe you I dare to
define that weapon to billing we need to
take the teachers iPhone to school we
also need to take the principal's key to
his office so we gotta stick it out and
also off camera I get Billy's mission
okay Billy's mission was really boring
okay all we had to do is just run a
bunch of errands for him but if you got
close enough to him he gave you a note
mysterious note Billy casing nugget just
before he went missing
Lilly would probably be very interested
in what it said I bet you will okay cuz
Lilly it's the principal has taught me
to do with Billy's murder and I think so
too - Oh Lilly don't that's right I know
look at this note it is what give me
your stupid are you calling me to think
I dunno who reads bloody Monty can read
I need you to read this note it says
something about a hatch in the
principal's office that can be opened
with the code written below but I can't
make out what the code says what do you
don't stick just give me by lunchtime
and I will figure out this secret code
there is a secret in the principal's
office I'm straight maybe now you're
using your bloody brain I need a way to
get without deportable knowing it's only
we have two teachers iPhone
well tell you what goes all right
my muscle gets a great fall happens now
we just need a cake or this office well
sink
Yanko Lily I've got that game why oh my
god
you have everything Connie this is so
great we can do the plan was sublime
Lily don't you people off it alone work
inside you will find that all right
that's the plan let's go to the
principal's office you get sent there by
pestering let's do that okay okay
breaking up a pizza we are in the
principal's office
Wow are you with Marvin I don't know why
I mean if you'd look on the floor there
is a trail going to this rug and that's
blood he'll be happy look under the rug
amen why are you snooping around my
office man out of here oh shit I forgot
about the principal being here
oh shit he kicked me out so much for our
plan I saw the hot woman I trust me
something very spooky spooky scary is
going on down there okay we know in the
principal's office now we just need to
get rid of the principal so we can sneak
inside well how do we do that Lily Lily
also daddy all are smart okay we're
gonna win the principal pretending with
a teacher which was gonna come to the
teacher and then we're gonna throw in
his office and open it with a bloody key
we need to prove that it's Anika
something to do with it oh that's smart
the judge that did have something to do
with it because he's had like bloody
bags and bloody water and everything
okay we need to go to the bathroom and
like find some evidence or some shape
all right we are in the bath
hey no just when yo Jarrod killing all
those students today because it's bloody
bias okay something's definitely up we
need to get the janitor to walk Oh
right here so we could check what's in
these bloody bags she would tend to go
clean the toilet because someone did a
poo iPhone absolutely okay now what you
inner shit to put kids shitting all over
the place goddamnit
okay you go what is in this bag
extremely PID on clothes bag deported
what the coverage except for this a
severed finger think that so I think the
severed finger is enough of evidence to
prove that the janitor must have like
helped or something all right
I found a bloody severed finger where
they come from who fingers it I don't
know but I know like I find out you're
damn straight is disgusting okay geez
talking doing a lot of talking a couple
to read this oh yeah mark Lee's gonna
find out the secret code to get down the
hatch Marty tell me the code you bloody
for I got is nuts I am so smart
I have deciphered the code a secret code
is for eight five one okay that's it we
have the secret code let us now go to
the principal okay okay she's paid off a
lunch lady okay we're doing it we're
going Oh Lenny Lenny wake up over stupid
girl okay now at the time give me the
keys iPhone how you calling me on your
phone please to do if you would teach
you're alive you're gonna have to come
to that bathroom stay fine now my god
Lily you're scary and marvellous and the
minute you put have to be right okay
now towards Queenie go go go go go go go
ladies on our way I must be on my way
principal is gone run Lily we need to go
see what's out in the Hat hope with at
all you sickly quick go go go Lily go
Lenny what's up the back
the code we made okay okay no I told me
Elena Kibaki it's a principle got a key
in his office wait we enter the code
onto his desk and then we take the key
we got a key it is locked
not anymore really look don't believe
lying you're looking on we have to find
a way station can we release him with
this computer and let's try yellow I can
change so one rule be calm as all violet
I'm releasing carpet okay let's try and
press the red button neutralization as
one old look it killed the alien
okay let's press yellow again change the
hell do we then press green green or
discontent
get away from my experiments animus I
knew you had my brother you have been a
very particular cold in my side I knew I
shouldn't have chosen him I suppose you
should know what this is all about
before I execute you these creatures
live deep beneath the school they give
off certain chemicals that affect the
human body in interesting ways I have
been putting it in the pills it has a
different effect on each person who
tried the pills are beginning to nugget
it fixes him I don't know what's wrong
with him to begin with but they seem to
make him
all better but what about Billy the
creatures in the tank beside him are
quite hostile I was looking to replicate
the chemical production and humans to
reduce the risk for that doesn't explain
why you took Billy knock it was going to
be my original test subject but Billy
stalled upon one of the creatures bodies
in a janitor's closet while he was
dealing with a dog or something
Oh Cindy's donk oh my while it all makes
sense now
have to kill you now how unfortunate
what if I press one of these buttons
blue very weak honest of all viable and
no stay away from me my bloody I was
going on it yes we did it
we're safe Billy oh shit I thought he
was dead or something shit can we go I
just want to go home I do yes
ok let's go ok so wind wait first me to
go to so Intel well giving recess
luggage sprint I prejudged previously
for me here you wake up almost record
weirdo I hope you all have a good excuse
I'm sorry mrs. Applegate but we found
baby
I wonder school I want no space wrist
giving show-and-tell don't in the
principal's office but we are killed the
principal so there's no one around to
sign my checks I don't think so ok then
oh how those who just goes ha ha ha well
I guess we can meet again there goes
mrs. Applegate and then we're all going
I don't know if I'll ever be able to
come up with the watch to thank you for
what you did today well maybe time is
warranty well you know what it gives an
ultra rare monster one call
you try and tell me I did all this and
they're gonna give me a bloody card okay
uh that's it
shakily yay yay I mean yay I mean um
yeah we've take Billy okay ladies
gentlemen that was Kindergarten the hope
you guys did enjoy this game is really
cool you know like a lot of youtubers
been playing it and it's kind of been
putting me off playing it as well but
this is a good game and I know why
people are playing it because it's a
good game anyway guys people like if you
enjoyed this run in ten thousand because
I kind of did this because I enjoyed it
and some of you did but some of you did
it so if you did watch it I love you
guys because you're special
anyway I'm blabbering on now thank you
so much for watching I'll see you next
video
Bubba my pizza
