Oh
hello everyone how is everyone doing is
much a selfie today we are back so yes
later we are back with kindergarten I
absolutely love this game okay now what
we're going to be doing in today's video
we are going to kill my teacher in
school don't look at me like that so now
in order to complete the game I think
you need all these items okay so can the
teacher will get us an item I think our
first things first we need to get our
money stolen yes what I smell money
yeah yeah just take my money is to be
little fat kid then I gotta talk to the
teacher okay she's gonna tell me to
fight bugs but instead of actually
fighting bugs we talked to nugget what
do you want man and apparently if you
keep pestering him about Billy hell I
will do the principal the principal I
don't want to get sent to the principal
but I need to know more about Billy just
called me he wants to see you in his
office I do anything - cool girl oh shit
we're at the principal's office so I've
been told that you've been feeling sad
about Billy I'm already sad about Billy
I didn't know this kid okay
I don't care I'd never met him he's
probably dead hang on a second
if you are not saying about Billy why
are you so interested in his
disappearance what no you shouldn't
accuse us or any figures of these stop
it you little shit I tell you what boy
every time you think about Billy buck
take one of these pills this buddy gave
me drugs
take a pill right god damn now I don't
take no bloody pills take it
there will be consequences what kind of
consequences in this game had a gun and
he was gonna shoot me alright don't mess
with the principle just take his pills
geez hey good come over here I heard
what the teacher was trying to do to me
oh that fool gate has it out for me for
a while now you know what we should do
we should kill the teacher
oh yeah sure listen let's kill the
teacher here take this and don't be
afraid to use it
what's that you gave me a bloody knife
he gave me a bloody knife who wants me
to stab the teacher oh wait this is this
is a spoon something awful is happening
at this school everyone knows it but no
one's talking about it and I ain't going
down without a fight we need to find a
way to get the old gal alone how we get
the teacher alone is that last episode
we got the lunch pass baby you could
kill the teacher at lunch time just wait
till her back is turned
ok so I think with this you need like a
remote detonator as a distraction so
that she turns her back what do you want
okay we need to extract them you did it
man
now go with the distraction under that
front table okay put the destruction
under the table okay okay it is
lunchtime with the teacher this is it
the moment of truth all right
activate the distraction OOP
sit sit
drop the knife still a spoon by the way
I'm just just clarifying that
I heard a scream it's done right
oh shit man look at you y'all bloody
shit you're gonna smother oh man oh shit
oh shit don't panic don't panic okay I
just killed I just killed my teacher
okay okay
wait we should probably mug her first oh
shit she's got the new iPhone okay it's
now recess I'm all bloody and shit okay
what do i do what do i do what do i do
we need to get rid that nice yeah what
do I need to put this knife in your hole
nugget good nice in the hole
whew we have gotten rid of the murder
weapon children I have some bad news if
you look to your right you'll see you're
formally on stabbed teacher
oh my god it's probably the creepy
janitor yeah well no just only got
attacked my sales for the rest of the
week he likes the way she smells now
anyway I need to search all of you to
make sure you ain't carrying anything
that could be used to kill your teacher
yeah of all these kids the waters bloody
and shit
is it the bloody suspect okay we'll
start with you you want covered in blood
okay look all right I got us the pills
you gave me this morning all right all
right
how about you bugs oh no bugs has got
the teachers iphone she know she did
take this well you're gonna have to go
home now cuz well your teachers dead
okay and that's it that's how we kill
the teacher in this game okay and for
killing the teacher we get to keep mrs.
iPhone okay so we have her iPhone okay
and that's one of the items we need
towards the end of game I think you need
it to complete the game some more later
on all right so we kill the teacher now
we are going to kill the janitor all
right it's class time let's speak to
Jerome you know you wait cool enough
means act I know Jerome but I'll give
you a yo-yo okay cool yo-yo you cool as
mamma jamma say now brother since we are
friends how about you do me a little bit
of a thank you though you know that
creepy-ass general yeah well he stole my
laser point of this moment okay so
that's Jerome's mission he wants me to
go get his laser pointer from the
janitors office okay
initiate sneaking to the janitors office
there it's the bloody horn wanna talk
not so fast little dude where's your
whole past it's right here a principals
pass oh whatever you want man we are in
the bloody uh janitor's closet all right
we need to get the stolen stuff but it
is too high for us use the screwdriver
to unscrew the screw we did it boys all
right take your own laser pointer go
it's about way to go I just hope the
janab doesn't notice that is Gashi man I
think he noticed
quick hide the laser pointer Go Go Go Go
Go put it in well anyone wanna step
forward what about you
little junior principal tactic your legs
everything this morning I'm sure you're
boring it back come on man you can
search me if you want you don't have
anything on you hmm you've been a mark
tauscheck know I would do anything
suspicious in my pockets just some
cigarettes a weapon screwdriver and
stolen Hall Pass yeah yeah that's okay
for you to have but I've still got my
eye on you stupid lunch lady making me
do my stupid job taking out the trash
okay I'm back ah see man
that did not go to plan the man stuff
with your rope why is he making me do
all this stupid stuff okay making me go
get his laser pointer is it really that
worth it Oh
oh the whole monitors they're not
supposed to be in it I gotta take you to
the principal now unless unless what
spoil a little shit unless you had some
cigarettes okay so I got give me the
cigarettes okay and then we go to this
trash over here take the laser pointer
and then we go give it to Jerome or it
is now recess but we can't give the
laser pointer to Jerome
because the janitor is right there with
him come over here
Joe well briefed me on your little
mission did you manage to get the laser
good I don't know if you've noticed but
the janitor is watching Jerome a little
too closely I think he's about to kill
him we gotta do something Jerome gave me
this it's one of his dad's little bugs
little things tapped a cock if they
don't like what they hear no put it
behind the janitor go put up behind the
channel okay all right it's down that
now what this is gonna be so good the
janitor just exploded
yeah yeah he did that's all she's
worried about it's cleaning up this mess
can we just go inside okay that's cool
over and I think we get something after
this okay you've earned this job I
earned moon it's a mold for a key to my
dad's office oh my gosh we can now go to
the principal's office whenever we want
oh shit and that's the day okay now that
is a really important item we need to
find out where's Billy okay we need to
go to the principal's office and find
out what secrets he's been hiding all
right so we kill the teacher we kill the
janitor now I think there's one more way
to kill the janitor - all right now we
know the janitor is selling something
called biscuit balls and we know Cindy's
dog biscuit
has gone missing okay and now the
janitor keeps the recipe for these
biscuit balls in this box over here if
we take the notes and give it to Cindy
at lunchtime
apparently she gets mad at the janitor
or something why are you talking to me
because Cindy I have this paper I can't
even read why are you showing me this
stupid thing oh yeah I forget we're in
kindergarten okay so we're gonna talk to
Monte and I think he'll read the read
it's called me please all right let's
see what we got here
it seems to be a recipe of some sort Oh
oh my god he's losing biscuit it's
actually using Cindy's missing dog
ingredient or now we tell Cindy so did
you find out what that note said it's a
recipe for the giantess biscuit balls
and your dog is the ingredient how can I
help you what was it the meat was quite
tasty
oh I wasn't expecting to find out what
happened to my dog today I'm sorry for
dragging you into this
that was pretty messed up Cindy alright
so she killed the dog
bye-bye eating him we're just it's
show-and-tell I've seen he's still got
the head of the channa okay and that's
how you kill the Jana again okay guys
I'm gonna end the video here now next
episode we are finally gonna find out
what happened to Billy okay
Lilly's missing brother Nuggets missing
best friend okay this whole games main
like storyline is what happened to this
missing kid Billy as soon as we reached
10,000 likes I'm gonna upload the next
episode straight away either way though
thank you guys so much I'm enjoying this
game so much okay I love this game it's
so so much fun and yeah I hope you guys
are enjoying it too I'll see you in the
next video man so the guys love you back
