hello everyone how is everyone doing is
much as over today we are back with what
remains of Edith Finch
thank you guys so much for support in
the first video I like you could see in
the video I really wanted to play this
game okay and I'm loving it so far
it's kind of weird okay but I can't like
it because there's some stories and some
mysteries going on this game and I have
no idea what's going on but I'm excited
to find out okay so in the first episode
we found out that Molly died by some
monster which I'm not sure if that's
true or not
Calvin died by falling off the swings
and olden died for some reason he was
too old I guess okay Calvin just died
sad times
what is this bookcase it is secret with
another what what what secret a book me
to a book ending a book when it talks a
bloody awful yes I mean it's a secret
bookshelf game so I broke one
twisted slutty mouse seriously this
house is cool Matt Irish I love mouths
like this the passages were a pretty
tight fit
yeah because they'd obviously been built
for smaller hands and bellies why wait
what's through this end oh it's another
room growing up I always thought of
Barbra as a child star a child star well
okay this room was Barbara's room she
looked like she was a movie star that
because she was in one film are you
ain't a bloody star just being on one
film and never thought about how hard it
must have been for her afterwards
after what Oh what happened to Barbara
what happened to Barbara Barbara 1944 to
1960 oh my gosh
16 she dot all the stories people wrote
about Barbara's death from surprise Edie
saved this one
how did she die whoa
Oh jack with another guy inspired by
America's most unfortunate family I'm
calling it the surprise ending at
Barbara spunky Mac as a child star
Barbara is famous for her screams she
was all washed up my husband Oh besides
in a lucky break
she'd been asked to perform her
signature scream the local convention
for monster movie said he was just a
boost a career
fortunately
scream haven't aged we're getting better
I think you just need the right
motivation the biggest and current
boyfriend yes was about to demonstrate
when someone like that was a great
scream but Barbara's father
oh hey we'll saw and had to be rushed to
be in my dressing room
occipital bone brah that's not
babysitting for youngest brother Walter
Oh vention come back wish King served Oh
God
a gang of hoodlums and Halloween masks
have been terrorizing
Orcas Island tonight police urging
residents to walk from the basement
you're right also I loved your delivery
on that live your basement door locked
because my dad likes making puzzles and
secret passages oh the key hit in the
music box
oh no it is to keep winding you to get
the guys and wine you're criminals until
finally the key pops up oh thanks babe
they'll be back in a sec 20 minutes
later haven't we oh no rich dead Barbara
Lincoln looks like right on cue
Oh No is this real she reached a music
uh-huh
wait why do this oh I do thank you how's
the kid oh no no is how she died Oh
horribly Rick and imagine laughs OH
years ago so Oh trying to scare me I get
it
barb relax I was just trying to scare
you to help you find your screen ah I'm
scared
very good you're here yeah an act
furious Oh
Commodore advice something warm have you
seen my other grudge thank you I give
drudge when she freshly flashing that
li-like picture show whoa she just go to
touch Oh Walter what's going on up there
okay I'm now at actually The Killers
guy's a trick
oh no it's actually the killer my
controller this is cool it's like a
comic book I'm controlling it
Oh No water get upstairs I'll tell you
that right now
as we go up the stairs the world news
room bloody rolling paint falling down
the cab we will now die by the killer
who will take the mental asylum
hello or cuz I went police described a
man is six feet tall with a steel hook
for a hand book residents are urged to
lock all doors and windows and notify
the police of any suspicious activity oh
there's got to be another way out of
here
yeah God oh shit this is so cool I'm
controlling this could he go wait my
brother go you must wait from here
oh shit bad ass bouquet wait oh no it's
dinner Obama's gonna die oh no it's
Molly's room Oh No
where do I go now Oh
oh sorry
Oh oh no ain't that yeah that guy's we
go we the grad fraud you do that I'm
just doing the floor
hello you can talk guys
Oh Oh miss is breathing oh gosh Oh
the door the door get the door get the
door get the door hello
come inside the house oh oh oh dear
Oh didn't know what kind of monsters
they were and she realized what was
about to happen I wasn't ever yet but I
hear Barbara
she hadn't tasted my stardom but
unfortunately so did her friends of
course the police blamed it all on
chorok who disappeared and little water
I under his bed all time for selfishness
I saw Barbara come inside the music box
with all the other sound of her oh
that's what I call a real detail i I I'm
confused
Edie told me all Barbara wanted was to
be remembered as absurd as that comic
was maybe what Edie saw was a happy
ending I can't be real come on that's
clearly a comic book okay
I don't believe monsters exist okay but
maybe in this universe they do
oh no but seriously Molokai for a
monster
Barbara diaper on what stuff and it's
cowbird but he fell from this wing which
I believe everybody believe I don't
believe Barbara died okay it's a comic
book okay I don't get it
why are these rooms being opened just
because some people died
Barbara clearly was a real person right
because this is her room honey
all those times I played with the music
box and never found the basement key Oh
should I try it all right here's the
music box should I try it here we go
Doctore I should now show the paceman
what a spooky cookie is a monster cannot
kill me hello okay
seems okay we were a nice pool table we
got a washing machine then oh this is
spends workshop remember his dad like
fell on the sword had to go on the
basement with off limits unless I wanted
another tetanus shot Agnes yeah I
thought Edie sneak down to the basement
once carrying packages messages packages
of what oh no was the fridge I thought
maybe she was hiding presents but she's
not hiding dead bodies mm-hmm
it turned out she was hiding a lot more
than that Oh what good economist is
going up some doll I remember asking mom
once that were water economy Court
underground bunker she said after
Barbara died he got his far away because
after Barbara died whoa is it on the
grab bag adding all these stories yeah I
think it's that none of us have gotten
very far
shit now we're going to find out what
happened to Walter Walter died okay let
me do a bear maps here guys 50 60 70 80
90 zero and do one two things don't spit
on me to 53 years old okay that's the
absolute crazy
okay 53 year old Dinah who cares about
that goodbye everyone
I can't believe I've been down here for
30 years what it lifts up on that first
day after the shaking stone
oh it's just like a promise seller we
just turn the war
oh not did water but after a few days I
settled into a routine okay
that's what kept me sane whoa
how could how long do you have in the
schedule looking for today I'm an ad
stop the peaches earth I always expected
to be dead tomorrow
oh but if you wait long you see any
weight 70 dick wasn't not just 70 70 75
earlier we're okay keep it on the
counter if that 76 even a monster and
the other side of the door
starts to feel morally Oh God almost
frenzy Oh
it's scaring me balls up oh just each of
god damn can Petey's okay and shut up
okay January 76 and then one day
everything just like a spice
stop like what he was there for 29 years
whatever that thing was it was gone yeah
you think maybe you got tired of waiting
yeah or maybe I just got tired of being
afraid I think you should go outside
Walter I'm see and stop being such a
pussy it's been a week now the longest
in 30 years she's 30 years he's been
down here guys I am done waiting yeah I
would go what I have to look at it okay
yes screw that Walter you need to get
your ass out of this bunker and live the
rest of your life okay don't be afraid
or whatever you're hiding from it could
be a war all right I don't remember no
war happening 2005 okay so come on don't
tell me I don't believe it one stirs
guys okay Walter
just know I know it's out there
somewhere okay war
what's out there whatever killed barber
the barber story was real at the perfect
it was I was a comic book Molly and
Molly I think Carolyn how did
III thought that was that was a that was
um maybe this is all a mistake but I
need to start living the same day you do
even if it kills don't you not go mad
after that long madman whatever's out
there I want you to know I'm ready I'm
going to appreciate all especially the
fool my god he's going I thought but if
I've had a year I don't mind if I were
having your left
yeah well
for a single all Walter edge happy
Oh
and already imagine it wasn't a monster
he was hiding from the train when I got
that train
what's up you have dumb idiot you
deserve to die Walter died when I was
six I can't believe my mom never told me
he was down here yeah limit down here
while I'm was six years old that's why I
was allowed in the basement because
water was living down in what kind of
crazy stories up it's like why I got
down Trey what Dom little shit man
that's just stupid I'm sure my mom was
trying to protect her oh shit do I want
to go down here this is how Walter died
but maybe she was afraid I'd end up like
Walter yeah just don't get hit by train
you want end up like Walter but if she
never told you about an uncle under the
house I can only imagine what else she
was hiding yeah what is with this family
why do so many secrets let's train
tracks don't go down there ah you're
going down there oh god I'm gonna hit my
train guys without doctors only one of
us left work maybe two I thought it was
time I heard the stories for myself okay
sometime that would happen to everyone
else
yeah what happened to everyone else but
now I'm worried the stories themselves
my problem
they really believed so much in a family
curse we made it for you oh yeah Walter
oh it's like a little memento for him
why is it chairs in the tree what I
don't know if I should even be writing
this why do you want why am i outside
now I want to go back to the house and
find out more stop
maybe it'd be better if all this just
started me yeah don't say that but I
thought you should know about your
family
all and the histories are a part of just
me anything of the day so to be honest I
feel as lost as you probably do right
now yeah okay I let you know that I'm
confused as hell what the hell were you
talking about go what kind of family
finishes building a cemetery before
starting the hospice
Oh God is there a cemetery here it's
embarrassing for me to admit this but
yeah oh my god the pet cemetery may be
more uncomfortable than the human one
look at all these three of the gerbils
are mine - it didn't I thought oh no
these are all the people buried here
spend out the house but it was Eadie who
designed the cemetery yeah okay I think
these guys were like husband and wife we
know what happened to Molly and Calvin
okay Molly died by monsters Calvin died
by falling off this wing we found out
what happened to Walter he got hit by a
train Barbara got killed by monsters as
well I'm sure
odin's monument had been Edie's idea
Moses my mom was always trying to move
on but 3d the past never went away she
could see it poking out of the water at
love time oh we're going to find out
happened to the wreckage
he said she dreamed about the old house
every night the old house that's the old
house the one we tried to shit remember
guys did you watch last the best video
but this game is confusing the hell out
of me guys edie side was always easier
for me to understand the older I get the
more I can see where my mom was coming
from yeah her dad has been pretty strict
but it wasn't enough to save her
brother's she was just trying to do
better wait what grandma's brothers died
and dad died too how did they die she
lost two of her brothers just like I did
I get why she tried so hard to protect
us I lost two of my brothers to Milton
we never found on the body so my mom
insisted we were putting up a monument
not the tombstone there's so many things
I wish I could ask my mom now Oh part of
me thinks this is what she wanted all
along
wool for me to come back someday oh and
find everything out for myself
whoa what we going to find out ah I like
this because I'm like so confused but I
know this games going to give you so
many answers and I'm gonna be like whoa
mad Road but looking back on it now okay
if she told me there was going to be so
much climbing climbing I never would
have come when I was 22 weeks pregnant
yes I'm pregnant
yo Milo when I say I told it I was gonna
go BAM oh no don't fall if you're
pregnant
Jesus Christ to night I love this we're
just fighting out little pieces of
information
bit by bit I love it you never make her
to him but I think he and my mom had a
lot in common
Grampa Sam is that my mom's brother I'm
guessing so okay new room
by that logic we're both pretty intense
oh this does look intense he loves
hunting are we going to find out what
happened to my mum's brother
okay here we go Uncle Sam 52 83 Oh God
that's 33 that's still really young I
was a 33 year old died huh good weird
but what take a banner pictures gone oh
I promise you'll never forget this
weekend yes these memories are going to
last a lifetime
okay we're going back in time I'm
playing as goal it's a hunting trip gone
all shooting it's strongly encouraged
we're going on a hunting trip didn't
leave anything just want to get a shot
of you dawn demo hey car I could take a
picture perfect oh okay pick up my
daughter it's gonna rain the whole
weekend isn't it that's it I will never
forget this weekend dad oh that's the
spirit okay got it
I'm going to take pictures okay just be
careful the cameras older than you are
we're going on a hunting trip daughter
and dad take a picture of the body
always in the tank I guess my dad take a
picture of you
I definitely may I did a big job I
doctored up Hesburgh it's not be I'm not
always going to be here dawn you'll need
to remember this stuff if you want to
survive I'll be fine dad well study was
going to be fine
some guys who died John I'm being
serious I know dad you're always serious
nothing's being out here makes you want
to show out well to tell you the truth I
haven't been out here in 20 years
Oh buddy guys Don Hey put a picture of a
day before you take the shot when you
get a picture of all I'm not gonna shoot
a deer no I don't want to shoot a deer
Oh
Oh dad I always turn off your magic oh
she's going to super did I don't get
hunting trips let me give you the day oh
if you want to survive you need to be
strong oh great shot dawn Oh Gilda good
oh she's crying ha ha my just taking a
selfie I'm like yo my god just give this
day long why I don't cry know that I'm
just here taking a selfie oh it's on a
timer okay okay go run run run run run
run properly John always remember them
Oh No maybe dad it's twitching Oh God
totally normal Don just focus on the
camera Oh sharp reliable knowledge at
the one I wish mask that my mom had told
him oh shit we're second he fell off the
cliff because the deer was to the life I
think on a picture okay that's not funny
guys okay it's a little funny
okay I just I I wasn't expecting him to
die like that that's all anyway that was
how dad died I'm a bad boy laughing but
you know what he killed a deer okay
that's what he gets the killing for
killing animals okay okay guys I'm gonna
end the video there it's probably gonna
be another video I actually don't
understand what's going on but I kind of
like it you know this game isn't really
a game it's more like a like a story
that's just that we're just kind of
watching but I kind of like it though
anyway I hope you guys enjoy it too
because I want to see the final episode
which is going to be next episode as
soon as we reach 10,000 likes I will
upload it okay I'm glad that you guys
enjoying it because I am I want usually
when I am you guys are too so a either
way though thank you thank you so much
for watching and I'll see you in the
next video nights later guys love you
Bob back
