good job a life where you two get the
hell out of it man she's gonna go down
what are you talking about our system
and now we need to go right now
it's a lion you put it down okay
discipline nice poster saying deal with
it I need to get out of it all look as a
picture of me and my sister right need
to get out of a message mommy out
without the Christmas it's Christmas why
I need to get out of it when I get all
for my presents on Christmas morning
yeah baby
hopefully his wake up wake up hello
hello
push it back what time is it three
o'clock
hello Ravi are you in this okay Rufus
your hitter protect me why do you think
we got a goddamn dog Brian I need to get
out of it please for the love of god oh
my god what a shit at this and I got a
strong economy true Oh No let's how
shall join this just put him down light
the candle what is going on okay
expecting a cute little day what the
hell's going on
Oh jingle bells jingle bells more and
more now
pocket you wanna help me Brier need to
get the hell out of
