hello everyone how is everyone doing is
much a selfie today we are starting up a
brand new let's play we are playing what
remains of Edith Finch
now I know a lot of you guys are like
what is this game also where it's
walking back now the thing about let's
place I keep thinking do I want to do
the more I don't want to do them because
I really enjoy doing them and I love it
when you guys enjoy watching them but I
don't know it's a long long commitment
with a thing about this game guys it's
so short okay I'm probably thinking is
going to be about three videos okay so
if you guys want to see more of this
game please please PLEASE say that you
do by leaving a like if we reach 10,000
I will because I have seen great things
from this game anyway
you can decide while we play it okay we
are on a book it seems what is going on
where am I what is this boat can I calm
the hell down what am i doing oh good
smell it eat it bitch oh is this guy now
I calm down man seriously hmm it's a
book it's a journal why is my arm broken
booking a lot of things isn't going to
make sense
and I'm sorry about that okay I'm gonna
start at the beginning with the house
okay oh I like it
oh it's so pretty like me it's so pretty
it looks I lived here until I was 11 but
I wasn't allowed inside half the rooms
you lived here until you were 11 but
wasn't inside that house without it whoa
this games so pretty what's this
letterbox awkward inside the mailbox for
bills from seven years ago Marlo urgent
open immediately oh that's bad I had
even backs with my brother Louis at
funeral what I've been busted for
brother knows all the doors in a will my
mother left me a key it didn't tell me
what it or not okay
my mother died too watching that maybe
she thought I'd know or she thought the
mystery be enough to bring me back
oh why did my mom leave me a key I want
to drip in this way in a long time but I
thought you have prints oh pretty
exactly if the bloody big could it be a
day or a war no wolf stone helps what
these are bloody D baby that's my dear
impression the truth is even after I
inherited the house I never thought I'd
come back to it was but now I had
questions about my family but only the
house and the answers to what questions
scare me God oh there's no horror game
whoa look at this how a house is exactly
like I remembered it the way I'd been
dreaming about it
roll this look at his house guys how
many rooms are in there instead of
building like up they built like for one
side oh I like them using missing poles
here's a child a house made me
uncomfortable and away I couldn't put in
towards I would feel uncomfortable
living it why is our wanted missing also
underfloor now as a 17 year old I knew
exactly what those words were oh I was
afraid of her house was right about is
engulf thoughts baby I could not I hope
the key might unlock the front door it
didn't well I don't have to this out
then how the hell do I get into the
house do I open the bloody garage all
this aside bit could that be the side
door there's a doggy daughter am I going
to go under I'm gonna go in the doggy
door I was a 17 year old gonna fit in
the doggy door darling did the doggy
door used to be a lot easier when I was
11 11
I don't believe a 17 year old can climb
for a doggy go doesn't look like I'm a
doggy what what house is so pretty I
like the soundtrack I really like games
like these guys I saw a little bit of
this game and from what I saw I really
like time in years
yes the first time in years I felt like
I was home Oh
there's a story here guys okay and we
got to find it what it's a place of mess
the table was still a rack from the
night we left yeah it was like a bomb
had gone off killing everyone but
sparing the furniture was well Realty I
go in it my mom was the only one of us
who could imagine great-grandma Edie
living in a nursing home
oh we were going to put great-grandma
Edie in a nursing home she's probably
dead right now let's be honest nothing
in the house looked at normal yeah it
was just too much of it what a smile too
many teeth do it that way okay what
smells amazing
what is through this door this is a
weird book Shay okay sir
hello Edie told me once that every Finch
who ever lived is buried somewhere in
the library what every family member
married fit we're talking about grandma
crazy
no wonder I was the center when our
folks home because got the stairs after
Mountain disappeared moved mom's filled
up all the bedrooms who's missing Edie
retaliated and drilled peep holes
what when's who disappeared someone
disappeared my brother died and my mom's
died why is this game so sad why do all
the doors have peep holes in it should
we look through Calvin my grandpa Sam
spent seven years sharing your room with
his dead brother Calvin what Hey
what do you mean spent seven years with
a dead brother Calvin 1952 61 that's 11
years old how does an 11 year old die
Gregory 1976 or 77 but one is old what's
the best all as a kid I just assumed
every house had people some sealed rooms
you weren't allowed inside of guys so is
a mystery going on what is it though
in it I like this game it's a spooky all
the rooms are locked whoa except for
this one I spent a lot of time playing
in great uncle Walters room okay it's
like an aquarium
sometimes regretted not sealing it up
wolf it was told me there were secret
passages but I never believed him Lewis
who's Lewis Oh
maybe the key fits in this book yeah
yeah a key goes in a book I think of it
okay I know I did all right uh Open
Sesame turns out my mom was really good
at keeping secrets
whoa mm-hmm now it was time to find out
what my mom had been afraid of whoa
secret room hello monkey monkey music
what is this drawings horse coloring I'm
reading that maybe it sounds like I had
a plan but I had no idea what was behind
the door was behind us
oh it's the room that we just saw now go
like I was like 11 years old where all
this was going to lead whoa see guys we
were just looking to grew up looking at
Molly's room through the peephole being
inside for the first time I felt like
I'd stepped behind a painting whoa
okay so you tried to tell me that as a
kid my mom would lock the doors and we
weren't allowed in these rooms and now
all of a sudden we are modern EIN teen
thirty seven to forty seven ten years
old
I thought the sense 80 had spent a lot
of time here before my mom sealed the
doors why why did you steal the doors
look here this time you're old are we
gonna find out December 13th 1947
dear diary I'll be gone soon yeah but I
wanted to tell somebody about what's
gonna happen Sugarbush but it started
with mom sent me to bed without dinner
hey I woke up and I was starving I
looked around for something to eat
oh they sent money to dinner without
which I do not
oh poor money we're gonna some find
something to eat the chapel food don't
need the trouble food Molly the chapel
service drive - I don't my
oh let me offer Cairo does it leave that
kid without dinner
can I go outside mommy mom can I come
out now weimar it's late go to sleep go
to sleep what you think me that is so
cruel oh no don't tell me this girl's
going to commit suicide my Halloween
candy was all gone oh no no my heroin
can be Oh No my PC don't eat efficient
I thought about in Christmas when I
heard that he like Siri mother used to
put notes there's something in the
bathroom but I can eat I kept eating and
eating
oh oh - guys what's this I ate a lot of
things that night Oh berries that are
just like growing this could be
poisonous Molly
oh no they're poisonous bloody berries
that's how I died
no I heard chirping outside my window Oh
buddy no but it was a barn swallow going
back to her than that one swallow
perfect anyone know what a barn swallow
whisper whisper oh no that's right
chuckle okay okay I'm suddenly I was at
a kind of a particular time why not
perfect uh hello but I'm jumpy aside a
part is really scaring
yeah could you're kissing it could you
look hot I was once a little go now I'm
a pussy got jumping from tree to tree
where cup double just wanna shock you
why trying to get I thought you liked
this bird buddy get a
now I was a pretty big tree oh no I
promised dad I wouldn't climb it anymore
oh no I'm gonna jump all I heard that
was eating that mama bird oh because
she's hungry killa cod killa fuckin oh
I'm family I was an owl on our first all
I heard him and I little pieces laying
in the grass I'm looking a hot bike some
words or bunnies what is going on it
swallowed him up and I did it one
semester you're nasty I'm on of having a
mother love it don't need the bloody
must drop it now oh no oh no here we go
here it comes almost solution all
artichokey very start
Oh Oh
now let's start doing it so it's not
boring okay it games quite funny okay I
gotta admit I've no idea what's going on
but I kind of like it you guys like it
oh I rolled off the cliff and into the
ocean hungry Oh what I'm going to try to
eat seals now or something
there they are really good yeah
oh when I opened my eyes everything has
changed okay
what's that am i doing octopus
now I don't know a month now no people
you people are sick oh no I'm gonna eat
this guy oh no I
that guy is face off guys I was still
swam toilet am i it why am i eaten
everything and a big smile way into an
old pipe Oh where we're going to go I
kind of like this where's it's going to
leave
I'm turning into a monster this isn't
the game guys I think this is just like
a perspective of a ten-year-old I think
what's going on I don't think why ice
cream on the toilet
what yeah I don't think this whole game
by this guy I got closer and closer wait
this this is Molly's room what my
stomach
what I'm not sure if I believed all of
that but I'm sure Edie would have oh I
don't even know what to think so that's
what that girl wrote in our diary so how
did she die then because I don't think
it's really a monster come on now like
but she must have died somehow oh ok I
think I get the game now guys so the
game is called what remains of Edith
Finch right and it looks like this 17
year old is writing out a family tree so
I'm guessing the aim of this game is to
find out what happened to each of my
family members okay from my family tree
because they seem to have all died in
weird ways
okay partly want to end the video here
but I kind of want this let's play to be
short so let's keep playing sorry dude
this is so weird
Oh what if it's not what this will be
obvious later but my mom never told me
any of these stories okay yeah obviously
they have but mom didn't like bringing
up the past
of course the mothers want to bring up
it's a ten year old dying can you also
just die I have no reason okay I don't
believe not wants to kill no ten year
old girl what room you know I spent a
lot of time in great-grandma Edie's room
oh this is great grandma's room the warm
overnight center that bloody mental
asylum oh we're going to find out what
happened to Grandma for 500 years the
finches have been famous throughout
Norway for their fortune and misfortune
no these stories
Odin Finch buries the latest victims of
the family curse wife ingerborg and
their newborn son Olin what what you
mean the latest victims of the curse is
his house buddy Gus On January 7th 1937
he set sail his family and his house yep
hoping to leave the curse behind you
just buddies like take the house on a
boat - well it was like 40-foot waves
off the coast of Washington in the house
and Odin to the bottom - see ya over a
Catala was going to go well
trying to ship a house to another
country for his daughter a tea with
husband's been and maybe Molly Oh Edie
zepa shore in their new home orcas
island gordon Finch is the first to be
buried in the new family cemetery Oh new
family is that where I am now his
daughter Edie is already dreaming of a
new Finch house that's my great-grandma
all right that's a bit of history of
grandma and how this house came to be
whatever is wrong with this family it
goes back a long ways
yeah clearly what kind of mattress a
bloody ship a house okay it's a bloody
Amazon tribe even in your 90s
sometimes Edie seemed a lot younger than
my mother uh got creepy lot of the
ground ball which is what a big ballroom
the only trace grandpa Sam's first wife
Kay left on the house was the pink
bathroom why is that
wait isn't this the room where the
one-year-old diet what's this
another book oh no we're gonna we're
gonna find out how this one year old
died there's a secret in this bathroom
oh no we can't let it cool in this
bathroom is a pool it's in the last
place you would look lost Chloe isn't in
the cupboard it's not the cupboard the
pond was next duck whoa whoa sick
one-stop jackpot baby
what with the house this is so cool I
love it
what is with this house in these secret
places can I crouch okay go down from
the paintings on the wall it was clear
my brother Milton had been here before
me Milton Milton went missing right I
had a brother gone missing and a brother
that died where am I now
whoa okay I think this is the 11 year
old room no no I know this room it's the
one where he spent his dead brother in
it right Oh God Calvin that's right and
Sam yeah Calvin died I think like I kind
of like 13 or something I can't remember
I knew grandpa Sam had a twin Sam it
with okay so it was his twin brother and
that he never talked about him never
talked about why not
I guess my grandpa didn't like history
any more than my mom did
oh because his brother died Calvin 1952
6119 11 year old how does the 11 year
old sigh now don't tell me he got to
care what a monster
now that's that now I want to remember
my brother by fanfic the thing I
remember is that when he made up his
mind that was it okay I'm all right I'm
on a swing I a market Apollo has ever
said he died before you know a mushroom
and he did
he's our retainer we school we'd never
be afraid of him and he wasn't walrus
noodle and think thousands always wanted
to fly
oh no no no am I gonna fall you're gonna
fall of my screen oh my god Oh coming
having a bad day he finally made up his
mind to do it all those go time fly
no I'm going around with a possible
maybe if I hadn't said that not great
what now now we're gonna die he's gonna
fall he's gonna fall guys
Oh Bobby's the wind and Victor oh no
other divers are and maybe it'd still be
aware toys although I think he'd already
made a complaint oh just a actually I
want to remember about my brother
why
Wald Calvin's story felt strangely
familiar when I was younger I remember
trying to do the exact same thing damn
so Calvin died by trying to swing too
hard and then he fell down that cliff I
imagine - it's best up but poor Calvin
gang um I oh man well should Ted's mad
is quite depressing good away okay guys
are actually going to end the video here
this is like a pilot episode to see if
you guys like it I really want to do
more because I love these types of games
these are the games that I love playing
alright and I love doing it on YouTube
alright if we reach 10,000 likes I mean
other than next episode straight away I
might do it daily or every other day
I'll leave up to you guys alright guys I
hope you did enjoy and thank you so much
for spending this time with me and I
will see you in the next video nights
later guys love you bar back
