oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
in his master selfie today we are gonna
be reacting to extreme cheapskates
now I come from an Indian household lazy
gentleman so I know all about being
cheap okay my mom all right would have a
got me all the time whether that mean
you know taking a shower or sometimes my
mom would have a go at me you know if I
was eating a meal you know and I threw
away some of the food because I was too
full or if I didn't like it or some shit
like that so anyway in today's video
ladies German we are gonna be reacting
to a PLC show called extreme cheapskates
where they show some of the cheapest
people all around the world okay and
some of their stories it's actually so
unbelievably stupid so British when I
said that person is over said lemon
before - II has countless money-saving
tactics all right by using just one
light bulb that she moves from room to
room she saves more than $60 a month on
her electric bill this girl has one
light bulb in the house and she unscrews
it every time you know as she's going to
the next room should just now take this
light bulb to the next room okay all
right just one light bulb okay she can't
afford any other light bulbs all right
she just buys one light bulb goddamn it
why is this all talking here she saves
more than $60 a month on her electric
field okay all right maybe it's pretty
good tactic okay that's a lot of money
actually still has a good job so we're
saying that doctor's office just being a
cheap ass okay so this is Patrick
Robinson the boyfriend all right why
this guy with this very cheap ass woman
she does have a lot of money saved it's
been nothing
what is ridiculous right I do it because
I love Stephanie so we have
navy shower navy showers I'm not allowed
to take long showers custody ones to
save water I can't take a shower because
my girlfriend won't let me take a long
shower so I gotta take a quick shower ha
ha can we just get arrested peace for
this poor guy okay trapped in this poor
relationship alright poor guy alright
this poor guy and then he gets out
manly shower to these as if the
cameraman is supposed to help you the
situation okay you need to control your
woman all right random us woman alright
was my girlfriend and she started saying
all the stupid girl okay
I've got money okay I can take a
grown-up I want to dumbest bitch bitch
how did you get some Oh keep your water
bill down Stephanie found a way to make
sure Patrick sticks to it two minutes
show this guy's like a big child
this woman's treating her boyfriend like
like a child
alright you can't take a shower after
this long alright or was she even doing
now my cheapskate ways disgusting but I
don't really care huh what's she doing
now
what reusable boiling water oh no don't
tell me she's using this to cook this is
my reusable boiling okay yes I know it
may be a little chunky but just save me
from spending more money on my water
bill oh no and she's gonna be feeding
this poor boyfriend oh hell no Geass
forget the also okay yes I know it may
be a little chunky good it saves me from
anymore I'll change it in due time
because the more you ask me that the
longer I have to keep it he's just like
come on girl don't change it for another
week okay yeah that's how I see these
guys is relationship okay this is the
most unbelievable thing I have ever seen
alright why can't this guy leave this
woman does this guy really want to be
living like this okay I wouldn't want to
be now no it's not oh I am able to make
the most of every food Oh No
I put it back in its container come on
now okay so extreme okay I know that
some some people are starving out there
but come on now this is this is just
disgusting do not have to be cheap we
really don't you think he has money and
money right what's the point being so
cheap or yeah I understand that it says
but she's being too cheap the banging
with the fact that this is a normal he's
just like this is so bad I just feel so
so many questions are going through my
mind right now
how does this go living how is this
relationship happening I I'm so confused
she has money she has money right what's
the point being so cheap yeah I
understand that it says but she's been
too cheek to cheek with a strict monthly
food budget of $400 oh there's no room
in Stephanie's world for you see that
look like she's claiming these dirty
plastic forks with a dirty Asti shooter
expenses including entertaining guests
oh really wants to know has a nice what
the bank is his girlfriend to have his
friends over okay it's not even the
cheapskate there's a whole relationship
what is it being built on right now
having people over to the house means
Stephanie's pockets are getting done
into
how expensive is this I want to pay for
what I eat enough what I don't eat is a
great she's picking this stems you know
hun great because you had the stems
she's picking up the stems because she
doesn't want to weigh the stems and just
eat the grapes okay she's got a grapes
all right well I guess that's gonna save
like what how much open by removing the
peels pits and stems from fruits and
vegetables before they're weighted the
rest is safe Stephanie saves up to $3
per shop yeah break it in that money
yeah $3 whoo I have never seen anyone
peel bananas that's weird it's not that
weird honestly I mean it's not a big
deal okay
friends are coming over now oh no are
they super strict Oh on Paris during
commercials I think you use more energy
if you turn something off and then turn
it back on again because it has to like
you know do use the raw power to Sun up
again so you're not saving money by
doing that but yeah wow this is the kind
of life that they live that I feel sorry
for these guys now at this point
i watch my TV okay even the commercials
to person I've seen in a long time I'll
tell you this okay we got robot right
now my brother okay
okay the one lightbulb is in the living
room imagine this woman you know taking
a poo with candle lit all right really
insane yeah it's a people can use the
light yeah oh my god what is she doing
now the dishwasher what is that no
actually cooked in a dishwasher
how is it possible she wrapped up the
food and put in the dishwasher very
embarrassing very cool around most
satisfaction being a cheapskate that I
am it's for me roll my family not
anybody else oh my god I don't know
nobody says
Stephanie weigh in the Stephanie ways
the better way uh okay yeah this woman
is crazy okay yeah please do not be this
cheap alright if anything anyone
watching this all right please strive to
you know make a name for yourself and
earn money so you won't have to be this
cheap oh my lord
yeah I'm just thankful you know that you
know I can just afford a meal every day
that's all I really care about you know
internet computers and stuff yeah and
I'm pretty privileged actually I'm
normal okay just one more short clip of
extreme cheapskates or some stupid woman
okay this is her working mother Apple
mallesh OHS obsession save money is her
driving passion alright how she jeez Oh
take it home with shooters are free free
she can still play with it
mom can I have an iPad instead no no
when we first had Chloe I noticed her
being for more forego than she normally
oh it's because their child suddenly I
stopped producing for us milk so now I
collect breast milk for my friends oh
that milk in the fridge what is that to
save money on buying like actual milk
for your child so now I collect breast
milk for my friend Oh from your friends
surely one of my core Chloe prefers
Jessica's milk over anyone elses breast
milk I mean this is her fave she'll
drink mothers but this is more I'm she
go she's drinking away someone else's
titty milk okay it's pretty crazy that
women you know are so nice you know that
you can just go up to your friend as a
woman and be like can I borrow your
titties alright and suck them dry first
for some milk to feed my daughter and
you know women are just like my friend
alright yeah but if you imagine if the
roles were reversed and if I ask my guy
friend you know can I have some you know
yeah ok yeah yeah he probably wouldn't
want to give it to me three breast milk
saves apple over a thousand dollars a
year off the cost of fortified toddler
milk ok well actually quite a lot of
money ok but still you know the
awkwardness of asking your friends you
know I mean I don't think this woman's
bothered by honestly having a baby made
me more obsessed with saving money
people watching the baby wipes moist
towelettes I like to make them at home
this is crazy she's dumping no telling
wait my hands with it and our wipe the
tables my kitchen table with my kitchen
counter Wow this is totally reusable
still so I used the wipe to wipe her bum
would ah she uses the same tissues that
she made a home that she used to clean
stuff with then back again for her
daughter's bum when you know she's
changing her nappy okay Wow alright this
this poor poor woman honestly apples
homemade wipes saves her 50 cents a day
for 6 diaper changes ok I mean a
changing tables one of the most
expensive things that a new mom has to
buy okay so insane spending $200 on a
changing table I got mine for free at a
gas station that was going out of
business
it's kind of weird things from the gas
station aren't clean
people use changing tables all the time
so why not use this one
she's also found a way to save four
hundred and fifty dollars on diapers
themselves oh why not use t-shirts to
make reusable cloth diapers you cut the
sides oh okay these fuzzy t-shirts
isn't that more expensive oh no the
flaps okay diaper okay well that's one
way of doing it okay wow I am shocked
about about these people but you know
what they want to live their lives like
that you know and rather than focusing
all their times on saving their money
rather than focusing all their times on
how to earn more money you know if you
want to do that that's fine but you know
I feel like you're not gonna get
anywhere you know saving all this money
you know at least try you know make some
more I'm in the video there guys thank
you guys so much for watching if this
video reaches 30,000 likes I'll make a
part two because this is a big show and
there's a lot of other cheapskates okay
I just picked it like the first two
thousand in the way those thank you guys
so much for watching I'll see you very
soon
ba mine
