hello everyone how's everyone doing as
much as OPA today we are playing garden
hey guys we are playing a game
kindergarten where you play a little
puppy this game is about a little boy in
kindergarten and apparently is called
the world oh wow
what come on how bad could it be I
always buy piggy bank I have $5 okay
let's take the $5 to school to buy
chocolates and sweets and lunch money I
smell money yeah yeah someone's
definitely got a lot of money routed are
you you carrying any cash no don't lie
to me boys I know when I smell money
and I smell money I am NOT giving you
any of my money bully do it to me Oh
bully bully bully kill me what kind of
kindergarten is this okay note to self
don't bring all your money to school all
right anyway I guess kindergarten with a
bunch of kids and a bully so as you
could see this ain't no regular school
okay bully let it kill you if we don't
get the money
hi my friends call me nugget nugget
knows no love or friendship since Billy
was missing but now what happened that's
my job what am I talking about
what would you be what build your second
boy we're talking about Billy yeah I
know who you're talking about what we
were just talking about a your friend
that's gone missing what was in those
real boys I don't know the principal
gave me to them also I saw something
mattress Oh what did you see nothing bad
happened but the principal was there to
make it all better
what is going on in this school what
do--what 100k club draught that's what
it's like doing drugs don't do drugs
okay so that was nugget his best friend
uh Billy I was gone missing okay let's
talk to flower hair girl oh you probably
heard what happened to my brother Billy
Billy's brother he went missing people
people knowing me or choking me
syndicates on the bus Bobby Myers
Cindy it's probably missile it looks
like a bloody Cindy Cindy why you
putting gamma Lisa
oh hey there cutie I'm Cindy wanna be my
boyfriend
oh that boy we are syste God I would
still get people to the police I brought
it calm down these beads these girls are
in kindergarten how old are you in
kindergarten again bye I'm hanging on
five-year-old girls I calm down Cindy I
already regret going out with you let go
you're a mate I won't do it discuss and
stick it in our hands go do that to poor
Lily but brother's just gone missing but
sure yeah I'll take the gum huh what
happened to a brother he went missing
also my doggy biscuit went missing too I
know what seems to care about this kid
what is going on this school
Billy's got missing hot dog biscuit is
gone missing
I let's talk to this nerdy little kid I
minding it if you need something come
talk to me okay apparently you can buy
and sell stuff from Monty hey what's up
after all I don't think you're old
enough to talk to me homie girl
something about a judge okay okay I've
talked to all the kids
let's talk to the Jana
here oh you're doing there sorry no
Mario get it here just sweeping up after
you silly credence here sweepy sweepy
sweepy janitor that that's a mop uh oh
so it is
you're also mopping the sidewalk I'll be
mopping your blood off if you don't get
out but I don't want us to get a dirt on
the man of my word thank you why
everyone trying to kill me in this
school good morning children
it's time for you to pick your body for
morning time okay we need to go find a
morning buddy
maybe my girlfriend will be my morning
buddy okay all right look at Lily she
knows I'm gonna put gum on ahead okay so
really look it up she's crying our eyes
out I'm going out guys I am absolutely
going to help you happy Cindy okay
making me put dominus poor girl's hair
oh my gosh you totally did Wow what
happened what did she say if she cried I
bet she cried she cried Cindy he cried
okay boyfriend do you want to play house
with me maybe I can go house I'll be on
soon honey for a bit of love it I
remember Brandon defies their
five-year-old girls laughing I hope what
was it to hold cuz you're going to be
making dinner tonight what do I have to
make dinner I don't have it so many
maintain the house and when a second
have you been drinking again what
drinking I five years old how could I be
drinking I'm drinking apple juice that's
what I've been drinking I told you woman
I'm fine if I said my father warned me
about she was so why don't you stay
you'll stay with us back to the other
guys LuAnn I'm a failure
child working unborn child I oh you're
in prison sit
he's probably know your fuck I show me I
guess it was just raided on me it was
anyone's everywhere you want
I dunno either good boy baby I want a
divorce
no right you get working out what do we
know now
Grossman died with your mother okay I
guess that's good I'll call you tomorrow
I hope we can sort this out um big cab
Lee in a friend house with you what are
you talking about that was okay this is
this this game is not normal can I leave
the classroom no doubt yo God just leave
class without the pass
oh okay can I use the bathroom then I
need to do a poo okay she gave me a
whole boss all right let's go oh who is
this guy
okay I'll just walk around it up I'll
just walk around up but you're up oh
well not so fast a little dude I'm gonna
need to see your Hall Pass
okay I'll let you pass but you can't go
any further than the bathroom all right
fine I don't actually need to do a pool
but let's just go to the bathroom anyway
Oh what is going on here what is the
China to doing with these bags of blood
okay what's going on there boy up what's
in those bags
what bank I don't see no bags no sighs
oh these bags nothing for you to worry
your stupid little head about
Wow I died oh you're back to lunch let's
head out in the cafeteria children all
right now we're going a lunch time this
is so so weird
Mickey Mouse did you please come out
here get him out janitor you do realize
you spelt biscuit wrong right how would
you even know you can't even read well
maanteeeca is that it we would declare
it Who am I kidding of course it is hey
nerd oh no we're gonna do the monkey and
what do you want Gus and Jade or stuff
you want to sell me no but I got a
coffin for you to laugh no Marty Marty
all their lessons were learned lines
were drawn you're a good kid but letting
me know that live March is going around
correcting spelling and the school of
all places
what are you talking dead right no I
just hate him till he got all twitchy we
find in a year or two anyway
now that's been taken care of you wanna
buy some my business my recipe came up
with it after a little incident that
happened we should leave oh well you see
that little ghost dog over there well I
told her she couldn't have him in school
so I brought him to my closet he'll a
mom could pick her up little thing with
me and well uh he escaped wait a second
Cyndi's dog was cold whiskey the janitor
is telling me Oh Chris kicked off this
pretty cool what no houses and the fact
that that little goes dogs would call
bisque is just is just a coincidence
okay I have written down the recipe on a
piece of paper in a box in my closet all
right guys we need to go to the
janitor's closet
because we need to find out what's in
these bloody biscuit balls because I'm
pretty sure it's biscuit the doggy on
anyway let's go talk to my girlfriend I
am really liking the way Lenny wave that
gun but maybe we could put something
else in there oh no poor Lily my
brother's gone missing we weren't
gumming a hair and that's what that
bully are more yeah well most telling me
that the janitor has also some great
stuff in his closet I'm thinking we find
something and give it a lily but doesn't
he keep a lock to it you have to worry
about that
look what I have she's just giving me
the key to the child√≠s closet oh my I
can't wait to get that hurry run run it
again run it over to the character's
clothing it's looked unlock the door
we're in oh my gosh look at this bag
look blood Oh No
we play to dump the bucket of blood on
Lily
it guys is the bell we need to go we
need to get way to get out of it okay
note unwatched Aman card and a fine so
let's say we miss books what do I do
do I take the note take the card or take
the money take the note okay the note
because I mean oh no I got ribs
oh my what the hell you doing in my
closet sorry sorry sorry ain't gonna cut
it kiddo
okay you shall laugh before the bell
rang oh no okay I already have time to
carry one thing either the note that has
the secret bloody biscuit recipe on it
or the bucket of blood that we're going
to dump on Lily's head okay we'll do the
note later guys let's get the bucket
first
sibel way to go way to go go go alright
we're now at recess all right geez
Louise what is this big hole all about
build this mallet cave it's very deep
and very dark did it hold do you want to
slide out sure let's find out
oh oh okay
what what all right note to self don't
jump in the hole well where did you get
this bucket full of blood oh my gosh
perfect climb up there and I'll call oh
no we're going to top a bucket of blood
on lady's head I want to show you
something why can't you just leave me
alone Cindy I'm so sick of you arresting
me I'm not gonna ask you we could just
be friends come over here
oh okay I'll come over no this is it I
picked up the blood all I could go out
Sidney - okay okay let's first do on
Lily oh no I'm gonna feel so bad about
this
I'm so done with this you've made me so
miserable for Sonia oh come on I think
it's an improvement I can't take any
more Lily Lily let me know Wow the hole
is big do you think she died no Mike I
love her what is going on oh dear I
don't know I've seen Lily I can't see
her anywhere nugget so where to go when
nugget knows look I swear if Lily felt
how much hold you dog I'm putting you in
all the rock nugget will not give tea to
the satisfaction teacher would never
take another collab Jo people kill
themself is that Nagato oh my goodness
that hole is so deep we're gonna have to
get the gelatin how he would be able to
get them out Oh mr. janitor I'm coming
I'm coming don't you worry what seems to
be the problem miss tributed ha ha ha I
am tell students talk at the bottom of
this hole you are me to put the rest of
them in the hole no I want you to get
the ones that are in the hole oh well
that's nice fun but I guess I could do
that it okay she's okay now in the
classroom and that's the end of school
but two of the students died okay guys
I'm going to end the video here I really
like this game and there is so many like
secrets in this game to like find out
about what and I really want to find
them out if you guys want me to make a
part 2 on this game and find out all the
secrets are in this game let's leave a
like if we reach 10,000 likes I'm going
to make a pot - okay if you guys don't
want to see more it's a shame but I'm
glad you guys spend this time with me
and I'll see you in the next video man
so let the guys love you far back
