oh hello everyone how is the wrongdoing
is but yourself in today we are playing
a bloody Oscar Nagel my name I can a dog
I couldn't if you guys haven't heard of
a Kinnear before it's this bloody genie
on this website who apparently can guess
anything or anyone that is right Brandon
ah
I will guess anyone you should have seen
a lot of videos on this but I don't
think anyone has ever deft means so I
can L do you know me I'll go so do
blinders look at my beautiful vase shut
up nigga
just like a cock a age' my 99 Stanley
are you real am i real yes I'm real I
don't know why to me myself in the
bathroom there braggart oh you a god oh
I see I see
but is he or YouTube if I tell him on
apply to you too but you can't be
cooking he'll find out who I am they
come knocking on my door and it bloody
kill me hello okay Jeannie yes I'm a
bloody YouTube or minecraft minecraft I
play not gay she bloody America did it
look like McDonald's every day gay no
that was a joke
guys for America is a joke calm your
titties if he's not a bloody American
acquaint Jane is knows who I am
doesn't kind of bit of a pointy nose and
got no point he knows I got killed nose
look at him
cute oh he's your cocoa butter beside me
Simon
doesn't look like I'm a shit youtuber I
don't think so again that was a joke
guys calm now is your character
chipmunk that's just the shit question
genie okay do you know me or do you not
know me come on now is you're older than
80 I am more than eighteen you know that
means guys it means I'm legal ladies it
is a hard question for me who is your
character gaming channel model he is
very very close for couple now how many
British gaming channels all that is your
character obsessed with boredom or oh my
god I don't think I've ever told you
this but you know this plastic bag
that's been on my head the reason why
it's on my head is because I wanted also
character like FIFA I mean I've made a
couple of FIFA videos but I would say my
three for YouTube of the day we are
playing fifa we did who is your
character from until don't know and your
character control the weather
what the shit kind of job do you wanna
connect up ok ok I'll give you a good
question does your character need the
biosis ah does your character hover she
stopped no listen a ganado you can guess
me but you leave Frankie and Danny
honest ok shit guys he's on to me he
knows about my system yes I do I have to
ok back with the shitty question is your
character an X Factor judge seriously a
kanay are for Gators meanest dog I'll do
you swear words cause I can add your ok
maybe I've had a tendency to say a swear
word here and there this is a good one
does your car play
gee oh my god yes yes I have I've made
loads of videos of GTA he's got a link
with the color orange orange it look
like I'm up
what is this what is this my whole life
has been alive what the actual shit have
to go I'm sorry I'm sorry it's okay I'm
back okay a big whoop
I can I guess me I do I was bloodied as
your blood yeah yeah and they okay okay
now how this website works okay they
bloody ask questions all the time and
it's just a robot all right
it's bloody yes or no questions but I'm
surprised it gets me so quickly
okay because come on now there's a bunch
of British gaming youtubers that are you
know got sisters and shit how did know
it's me but then again I am a pretty big
gaming her youtuber in Britain you know
not right I've read all right not for
that geisha acne okay yeah yeah you won
who cares all right I sort of a
character that there is no way I can AR
will guess it okay and that character is
my bloody cat there's no way one of you
guys put my kind to the system okay I'll
be very surprised you ready come back
Grandin of you question is your salad
girl goes saucony up it's a bloody pussy
god no does he play minecraft
okay he seems to be asking me the exact
same questions and no he's not a
youtuber is your character British oh
shit my cat was born in England but does
that make my cat British Oh technically
yeah more than 40 years old 40 okay like
bloody 1 years old I have three cats
okay but if I can even get one I'll be
I'll be blown I'll be myself is he older
than 18 oh shit well technically a
button cat he is he is so I'm gonna say
no no joke I don't know you
oh shit yes yes he knows me hit like
that get me do you have the same parents
as your character um I don't know
because your dad
oh there is no way this thing is getting
my cat look at the lick tables your
character dog no a cat yes my cat how
they know that shit okay I mean he
guessed my cap which could have been
like anyone's cab but come on it gets my
little pussy cat
I got it right in jail all right I'm
gonna do one more okay let's see if
akinator can guess my sister's every
branded there's our sisters have babies
how can i oh okay
don't talk about my sister's kitties
like that but yes they do they have
titties are they older than 18 yes hmm
are they your tumor now I would say no
because they're not but they have been
in YouTube videos so technically yeah
yes do they live in Greater oh yes
while you are rockin 800 did I have any
children no are they dating
a YouTube I bloody well hope not okay
many youtubers trust my sister's copies
vanish - are they in a relationship they
both are those who count to have a
sister my sister has a sister Asia
descent well they're Indian and India is
it bloody a so who the shit is this girl
this doesn't look like my bloody sister
is your colored girl Indian your bloody
voice oh shit katakana shit guys he's
getting close I'm not sure about this
does your character have a brother or
sister who is a youtuber yes there's a
kind of a famous producer shot I mean if
your count on the phone list is here
please click its name it's not oh my god
it's not on the list I'd be like an ADA
there's no like mustard and that lays
German is how you get acne of who's boss
okay that's why a kadai okay
couldn't even get my goddamn sisters and
you call yourself an internet genie ya
pieces anyway guys this was me playing
akinator okay you can go play it
yourself and guess random people okay
it's a stupid thing but if you want to
waste 10 minutes of your time it's quite
fun okay anyway guys people like if you
enjoyed let's try and hit 10,000 just
because you love me if you don't love me
then we want it 10,000 and I'll just
commit it guys thank you so much for
watching I love you so so much and I'll
see you in the next video love you guys
