now listen to it once then I'll start
recording feminine business a we are
going to play on the women
originally the games games console I'm
not ready for this I am NOT ready for
this close it hello everyone how is
everyone doing is better selfie today we
are back yet again with the Nintendo Wii
baby ok now I made a Nintendo Wii a
video I think last month and you guys
absolutely loved it go watch that video
because it's one of our favorites okay
so my last video I played we support and
everyone the comments was like Brandon
play Wii Sports Resort
oh so Marisa I couldn't afford a way
when I was a kid so I'm having really
fun I'm having really fun I was a little
boy telling Mummy Mummy no you will
bloody not you will do homework and
become doctor okay the game started for
some reason I'm gonna playing and gonna
jump out of it okay you're good to go on
that okay you're over the drop zone jump
out and sky dived out the woohoo eyelet
whoa okay oh here we go oh look at the
go I'm skydiving baby woo eyelid um oh
I'm controlling a market oh I'm killing
everyone
okay everyone
Oh mom what do you mean oh shit look in
the gold everyone's doing the same thing
as me we're going to land on Google
Island
whoa oh here we are
whoa whoa Island we did it oh my god dad
boy
oh yes we are the baseball's Resort
Ordnung woo cool island okay let's play
we've also saw I've never played in my
entire life I know a lot of you guys
have but like I said I couldn't afford a
way I never played this shit oh my god
how many bloody games are there shortly
wakeboarding frisbee frisbee has a
picture of a doggy on it bloody wee dog
okay let's first start off with quiz me
throw the frisbee at the arrow for the
dog to catch don't tell me what to do
about that dumb dog of a generic brown
guy again of course
go bad knee I'm right-handed just ask my
dick what with me whoa after care for
the doggies I am oh look at my cute
little doggy
hahaha that dog is the most adorable
thing I've seen ever alright step one
take the frisbee get your hands off my
damn feet righty-o oh that was a goddamn
shit fro grinder what the hell is wrong
with you Serena my mom in an arc what do
you mean an arc
like this Oh doggy dating is branded
your dumb shit wait quit practice this
is just practice I thought the goddamn
game
I don't don't bloody mess this one up
okay don't worry Brendan I got this now
I want to commit suicide Brandon that
was terrible come on get your shit
together dog okay I'm trying my best
which I try standing up my life
you got your doggy that was amazing
balloon challenge and go hmm yes okay I
blame the dog okay next game
okay frisbee was shit let's do
basketball next why not oh my goodness
we are at the annual basketball
championship okay here we go
there's me brown guy okay three two one
I need suitable I was tipping
celebrating and then they got one anyway
three on three game old unlocked
what oh my goodness it's me versus this
dude Mick well hello ladies my name is
the quail Dickie McCloud you piece of
shit you're like a new man well Miguel
you ain't gonna win look at my team boy
boss oh come on go go oh I was so
stressed about the goddamn fucker that I
forgot the dunk
Oh kid what do I do what I do haha no oh
get ready blow fab you pussy I come on
possible Oh God double dribble scope oh
oh oh step over yeah you know your
agents say that your
fine when you're not really fine but not
be a beggar boat
get rekt again boy this team is shit out
okay
oh shit i spelt Oh supporting your SS
bitch double step-over go she took it
off me yeah oh no 2.6 seconds left on
the buzzer alright guys we'll do it
quick but I want yeah let's do swordplay
next cuz that's fun
Oh me first is wild ooh did you can see
me what I saw I saw the light stays off
it's a Ryan little shit here we go the
actual fighting that was just a practice
round wait let me go fight you and Ryan
drowned today
oh okay round 2 round 1 good kung foo
Oh goodbye Ryan you are lost around I
want oh thank you for this honor
ah she men are more web shit swordplay
speed slice mode what the shit is that
oh shit
Ryan's back oh you mean Joe do you oh
shit it's not hey guys I came back here
for my vacation I hope you don't man cuz
they ready yeah ready
oh she went ahead with that what the
shit oh I'll get you what the shit is
that bread yeah diamond
what the shit I'm no slap no diamond
okay this we just made chopping shit
this is fun to watch isn't it okay last
point I did it okay well I was super
duper fun why am I so bad at sword
fighting swordplay showdown what is that
now fight through the oncoming hordes if
you take three hits you lose where am I
just being the shit out random people
hahaha that's me
what am i doing oh no it's Ryan okay now
you will definitely will not kill me why
am I going so much in this game what the
shit is this now be up all these people
oh great Oh cigarette bitch why they
couple jeroni
so hello my name is perfectly how oh
shit the hordes coming my name's Carrie
I decided oh no the boss the boss let's
call the boss calls too good for me
bullshit and again oh no does it I did
big oh thank you so much for this
congratulations okay next we'll do
something boring like wakeboarding sure
why not
I'll hold it like this as if I'm
wakeboarding tomorrow I'll go alright
what do i do just just keep doing this
this is fun we're getting zero points
what do I go for point
Oh way to go way to thank you God Wow
all right well that was fun
I think okay let's do one more game will
do table tennis
it's called names go go yeah oh yeah
yeah
I shit I was gonna miss a game shut up
god damn it yeah I just realized table
tennis probably the most boring thing I
could have chose I don't know how anyone
would find this entertaining in the side
books this come on I just need one more
point to win ran and I don't good
chuckle OH
ah okay guys that was we sports resort
as you could see I don't play all the
game modes if we reach 10,000 likes I
will make a part 2 where I play the rest
of the games okay I'll leave up to you
either way I hope you did enjoy I'm
really into the Wii at the moment so if
you have any Wii games you wanna
suggested me to play leave a comment
because I love those I love this thing
and like I said you so much watching and
I will see you in the next video man
so there the guys love you Bob back
