hey guys is much a selfie and today we
are going to be playing games on the new
one plus six if you guys didn't watch my
what was there I think it was my what
would you do video basically the guys
over a 1 plus send me the brand new or
one plus six this is such a great fun
alright such a slick black design oh I
love it but yeah just want to thank one
plus the sponsoring this video and
sending me this phone I have been using
it basically ever since I caught it and
I think it's a great smartphone it's
great for gaming okay and I would really
recommend it okay so now I'm gonna cut
to a previous Brandon because I actually
you know forgot to record an intro to
the video okay so this is what I'm doing
now okay alright bye
alright so if you swipe up and if you go
into settings scroll down go to advanced
and there should be a gaming mode and
basically what this gaming mode is is
that you can disable and answer calls
via speaker so imagine like you're
getting a call in the middle of like
making a video or like uh hello oh I
think I've got the wrong number sorry I
could attend gaming mode on you know so
that wouldn't happen you know but look
you can also block notifications you can
have a gaming battery saver because I
know gaming like uses a lot of battery
but this phone is pretty quick to charge
I think it can charge like in less than
one hour
you can also disable automatic
brightness or have a network boost
alright because I know like a lot of
these games you know like online games
specifically they use a lot of your like
data and stuff so yeah giving your phone
like a little bit of a boost it'll give
you like the perfect edge if you plan on
doing gaming on this thing so I made a
video asking you guys like what games
you want me to play on this video okay
and I had a lot of suggestions and as I
was scrolling down I saw one person
suggest this game called sniper 3d and
and you know what so I downloaded this
game and honestly I've been playing this
game so much guys I absolutely love it
okay so yeah in today's video we're
gonna be playing on the one plus six
alright and yeah we're gonna be playing
sniper 3b assassin first Lodge
okay so we drag to aim alright Oh guys I
think I found out who mr. gossiping
about people man hi guys
aim hold your breath
no no no yeah we got we got and gasps we
got down mr. Costa that's right that's
without teach this guy from gossiping
okay good job
you did great making your first kill
complete two more missions and you'll be
able to buy your own weapon
wait what this isn't my own weapon Wu's
gone did I shoot this guy with then
anyway I'm not stop asking questions but
yeah guys we did it mission accomplished
and mr. gossip is just sitting there
dead on the floor help me I love
gossiping still shut up mr. gossip boy
guys it's time for our next mission the
meeting killed the guy in the red jacket
we found out this guy in the red jacket
was responsible for a pizzeria massacre
last year was the shit to this guy who
did this pizza we've decided to make
sure he won't ever do it again
whoa guys I can't even imagine what this
guy did that was so bad that were
killing him because he did something bad
our pizzeria bye guys I'm gonna stop
asking questions I'm just a sniper all
right where is he the guy in the red
jacket remember this guy
no a copy is in a green jacket look guys
a buying go Greg jacket what exactly did
you do at that pizzeria
man I don't want to talk about it those
poor poor kids nightmares every single
day I don't give a shit I'm gonna kill
this guy
three two we got level two oh my
goodness I am so good at this game
I only just install it but look how good
I am guys I look I get gem I get an
energy refill man I love this game it's
so good all right so we completed the
mission okay I kind of like this game
all right because it's kind of easy
because it's kind of showing me the
tutorials and stuff right now you know
but I do like this game catch the thief
a tourist had his backpack stolen right
at the neck
corner don't let the criminal escape ok
guys I will not alright this guy just
think he and just buddies steal people's
wallets and shit and that would teach
that guy from stealing backpacks a
bullet to the head I'm not a fair
justice system we have in this world but
you know what I probably deserved it
honestly impressive you've got potential
man thank you guy with with an eyepatch
who is the sky with an eyepatch that you
know I'm just listening to you know to
just killing random people stand anyway
I'm gonna stop are some questions okay
so the guy with the backpack is dead on
the floor alright probably deserved it
alright let's move on to the next
mission alright we can now buy this gun
okay I thought we had this gun before
but now we have a hunting rifle okay all
right yeah yeah blah blah blah don't
care about these dumb guns alright I
just want to do missions honestly the
gameplay on this phone so smooth you
know like you would never lag like
having a phone like this alright this is
like such a good gaming fun you know for
everyone my urgent call killed the
sniper
we've just confirmed the position of the
sniper who's randomly shooting at
innocent people eliminate him before he
harms another victim honest guy this is
some random sniper shooting random
people oh look guys look there he is
he's a sniper hey I'm gonna shoot you
I'm gonna shoot you nobody's gonna stop
me no oh okay I got a readout sorry
shooting understand I saw a bullet he's
looking around for me do you think he
would shoot me do you think he's gonna
see me and shoot me oh I think I got it
I think I got it Oh in his chest that's
what I'm talking about baby whoo alright
cool another mission another person dead
alright he decker a deserved it cuz he's
just shooting random people okay let's
do another missions or you actually
wanted mission
okay what's a wanted mission okay oh
okay so we have to kill this guy called
Benjamin Reed and he's wanted for arson
mugging and he was last seen in this
place okay so it gives us like a like a
picture of a guy and we have to find it
all right where is he where is it this
person anybody want to give me a word
okay I can't just kill random people
target is running away where is my
target
Oh is this guy Oh just before he could
run the core run around the corner I got
him all right that's what I'm talking
about baby hidden arsenal kill the free
bandits mister chumpies weapon storage
is closer than we thought but it is
heavily protected by his dogs kill all
of them without being spotted
holy shit they want me to kill all these
people I'm gonna do that so there's a
guy over here there's a guy over there
there's also a guy over there anywhere
else all right let's check the roofs
anywhere anyway okay well I can see his
three guys I'm not sure about you guys
all right boom got one guy oh now we
supplied the shot wait what is the
shooting
Oh heads up I got him all right this guy
has no idea still its head shot easy
easy
Oh honest okay sorry and I do it did I
do it oh sorry
rooftop clear baby all right you see
that I just killed three people I'm so
good at this game
all right the next mission save the
hostage mrs. Aneeta
is being held hostage outside woman co
and the cops seemed too scared to take
the shot oh my goodness they're trusting
me to take the shot can I sell it save
mrs. Anita Oh No
Oh guys look mrs. Anita's there
to kill you and no one's gonna stop me
guys I have to stop it I have to stop
him right now easy easy
oh did I kill her Oh Dan killed the guy
that had her hostage oh my goodness
man I'm a hero damn straight I'm a
goddamn hero
I just saved mrs. Anita's life okay
breaking news oh my goodness guys it's
breaking news a journalist bribed a cop
and will pick up a briefcase from the
cop oh my goodness guys as a dirty cop
the briefcase is full of sensitive
documents make him famous in a different
way oh my gosh I will all right all
right guys there's a dirty deal going on
with a dirty cop where is it is it these
two people or is it these people or is
it these people I have no idea what's
going on Oh could it be this guy with
the hat oh we have to find the top here
I have no idea what the target is oh
look it's it's the guy in the Hat hey
you were the guy yeah I'm the guy okay
okay here's the documents okay man
thanks a lot and the guy's running with
it with the documents okay this is the
this is the guy with the who had the
briefcase but it says on the corner the
briefcase receiver all right said this
is the receiver right so I got to shoot
him right I don't know I don't know
shoot him shoot him
oh no he survived the shot no quick
reload reload reload reload reload we
don't suck in him die get him he was
limping away oh that's what I'm talking
about baby that's right
I got died all right poor guy all right
actually all right the next mission
rescue on fire the weed dealers
gangsters are trying to break one of
their guys out before he gets
transferred to a maximum-security prison
all right guys these brave cops need our
help all right this guy thinks he can
just not go to prison
oh no look there's gunshots going on
what's going on oh no what's happening
sure oh I got one I got one guys how I
found oh okay a cop has been killed okay
well what's all right let's
that's constant right now oh I was
shooting the police guys oh okay now
these are the guys I meant to shoot oh
okay all right did I do it oh okay
that's why I'm talking to my baby I
killed that guy there's a daily mission
okay let's do the daily mission sure I
just wants me to do all these things
just to teach me about the game whoa
I'll be using this gun okay I've never
used this gun before look at the size of
this thing okay my shooting oh there's
people escaping from prison there's a
sniper gonna kill us run wait is this an
explosive barrel oh no hey one guy got
away what the hell okay well I did the
mission but I'm pretty sure like a lot
of people escaped in there in the mean
time but never mind okay I'm pretty sure
it's fine okay ladies gentlemen you know
what I think I'm gonna end the video
there that was me playing like this
sniper game on the new one plus six I
have been using this phone like recently
for this past like two weeks and I do
think is a great awesome phone which I
think you guys should definitely check
out especially like if you play a lot of
mobile games because I think they're
focusing way more on mobile games you
know and I think it's good because not
like mobile gaming is so huge and you
want a good phone that's not gonna lag
you know that is pretty good on price
you know I think this is like the
optimal phone for someone like you who
like to do likes playing mobile games
alright so thank oneplus so much for
sponsoring this video and sending me a
one plus six I love this phone thank you
guys so much and yeah check out the
phone alright and let me know if you
want me to play any more mobile games
and yeah I think that's pretty much it
I'm gonna end the video there thank you
guys so much watching and I'll see you
in the next video but bye
