participants good god of God my favorite
groups Allah is no God I would find me
part of a club I can't obviously busy I
owe the bank with okay she's like we are
playing Club Penguin okay by the time
you're watching this Club Penguin is
closed it is gone forever
okay this could be the last Club Penguin
videos on the whole of YouTube that
makes me so sad
I have distant memories of going on cup
Penguin as it is like with myself going
to the dance club playing with my go
down purple playing games interacting
with other linguists so far look at
everyone having a good time on Club
Penguin I'm gonna miss you guys
and goodbye scarlet oh you're my
favorite scarlet okay fat buddy see what
you've done is me you've made a bunch of
banquet dad what kind of Stephen Foster
do you have to be okay in all
seriousness I don't do a slapping shit
that Club Penguin's closing okay the
first thing you gotta do when you log
into Club Penguin is buy a goddamn
problem what's a puffle you ask it's
this multicolored piece of shit that
follows you everywhere I can only buy a
blue or red one what if I was bloody
kitty okay I will have the red mussels
look at him now piss off blue one I'm
going for the red one I'm gonna call him
god I can't do that how about that I'll
call him Barry Barry I should buy lot
Mario just you just follow me around
okay look here we go my puffle stop
following me oh yeah
Oh Berry's not buried alive he just
found treasure are you leave my side
again no goddamn kill you okay so we got
a goddamn puffle great next thing we got
to do is we got to check our home now my
penguin igloo is going down oh okay
there's literally nothing in my house
can I can i decorate the stick I stopped
a to buy gas also what penguins can't
sit down if you don't pay like I wonder
why this shit is closing I buy balloons
what okay I can't say on a sofa looks
like I'll sell in this little pod yeah
it is really fun I'm really tired of
this game is closing okay forget my
Seahawk we are now gonna hit the baby
cause I'm only kidding the club isn't
really that lit we've just got this
penguin over here dancing for his life
that's what we know in the goddamn club
because we go a little to the shitty
music I'll play you something good get
ready this is DJ mess yourself coming at
your lab based off a lil bit of the beat
ah hit it with the beat again oh oh oh
oh now for a little bit if you oh gosh
stop it
okay the club is absolute shit today so
let's go somewhere else
okay I want to play more games are the
only one I remember doing as a kid with
sled racing so let's do that now joint
said race oh yeah
shitty side go oh oh the box oh this is
so good stuff it's just me and blue now
whoever's going to mess up is gonna win
blue the rightful oh okay go go let's
take it boys go go go go what do Papa
Mia I can feel them getting up go go
back my 200-pound chair just for me
winning that Cup penguin race yeah don't
try and sled race against me again bitch
you don't know who I am
I have P 3 5 1 9 3 1 by 3 nice nice
alright the other game that I remember
playing was this Pizza game okay we have
to create pieces for penguins why is
this place more Litton in the club you
know what I'm just gonna dance okay
let's take a seat and let's make an
order excuse me waiter I sent me a card
pipe because I'm having penguin and why
such bad service I won't break repeat
song okay if no one's going to make me
the priests I'll make the goddamn pizza
okay this is the game we got an order
here and we need to finish this person
wants a cheese pizza so we squirt a
tomato sauce on it and then put cheese
and then we did and we have to do this
40 times
how fun is not I don't know why I
thought this game was so hard as a kid
look hot sauce cheese shrimp easy peasy
lemon II penguins why are somebody
played with ordering bloody pizza I was
just outside damn now I made a mistake
oh no I'm a bad penguin okay alright not
so far so fast I am NOT emojis no the
cheese seaweed now you should you just
wait like two seconds okay do what the
piece of done right or doesn't know not
gonna change what they fires me I'm
sorry Brandon I wanted to do makes me
suffer do science
oh my god I remember this one catching
waves we wait how do I play I just go up
and down my foots going down swimming -
oh don't you get out here oh shit I died
okay well that was fun for like like 10
seconds okay know what this video needs
guys a god damn shirt my shirt sexy -
the thing is I can't even buy any of
this stuff because it's all four members
but the knowledge could be a member
because the games clothing alright well
I didn't buy anything
okay so much for a shopping montage
anyway what else could we do okay let's
go to the stadium and play ice hockey oh
my god what the shit is everyone doing
what if I try to destroy the bloody ice
rink listen I can't make the play ice
hockey not too bloody watch construction
workers sad face yeah I know it's quite
sad where's the puck I don't even know
where it is well that's a huge
disappointment
okay what else could we do where you can
go to other people's igloo school maybe
their houses are a lot better than mine
let's go to this person so - shit
there's nothing here why just have like
a thousand five hundred likes I'll get I
like to look at it closes house look you
know got the pop-up of dogshit why can't
I have a house this nice huh I also like
the Robie teleporter let's go to the doc
did I say doc I meant my cock I can get
on a hydra hopper
what does shit I got a void shit this is
fun times like these I wonder what am i
doing my life playing this games that
literally made for like a one-year-old
skatepark
where's their escape on I want to skate
when you skate boards up keyboard master
buddy
well I got a bad back this game was
awful okay you bloody force dumpkins to
pay for this shameful Park this is a
park full of topples what poeple round
up I got out round up the puffles yeah
just couples you just die yeah just go
just go jump off a bridge and just kill
yourself there we go I got one and nine
died but it's okay and I go on the slide
I can go on the flight can I go on this
thing it's a bloody swings poeple launch
okay that sounds fun water I just got a
load to my poeple in the sky picture pop
oh I've only got one is that is Barry
Barry oh wait we're taking it on
my couple drowned to death recipes very
old shit there's a puffle oh no goddamn
iceberg don't worry I'll save you a pub
or go we must save the bubble he is
dying so in case oh goes back with or no
we are crazy the white bubble I'll get
you oh shit now I drowned oh don't worry
I will get you go go come on it's the
most intense thing I've ever seen him on
none of my life go go I'll do it
go me okay guys that was Club Penguin
now I know everyone was so sad about it
closing but really I who actually is
still playing this game not me anyway
guys thank you so much for watching
leave a like for me cuz I'm a penguin
and and yeah okay love you guys
mother opposed to fuck a penguin it
would be definitely be her
