did somebody say house party anyway can
we just just calm down and just play the
game
measures out 2017 doesn't just start a
video just with her hello anymore
he's trying to be edgy he's trying to be
different he's even wearing a beanie act
solely share with you so that intro we
are going to our bloody house party baby
okay I have to go to a lot of house
parties when I was a kid okay
rely on metal was invited to any of them
wider they all hate me
all right now pine this game is a house
party senior layer okay say if you've
never been to a house party and you want
to know what it's like play this game we
didn't get invited to saurons birthday
party oh yeah would it go inside me so
the communication oh oh hot shoes all
right I just entered the house party oh
I stay calm all right
I'll never make this fast I don't know
what to do or I stay calm hello my name
is Brandon I'm here to party
oh shit up dancing cops this really is a
boy
let's get turned off boy you just go see
the really good dogs I'm quite impressed
actually
oh god thing is that she's like oh okay
I went to our own pie oh oh oh oh hello
go oh we know your name hey we're going
baby girl they sure do have a lot of
girls at this party
no I'm saying girls if you keep dancing
anymore' gonna fall off the table okay
Oh Collette oh listen Guardian off the
table any more to the right and you're
going to go into the fireplace and burn
fine okay you just keep carrying
advancing anyway can I talk to anyone or
I'm just gonna keep standing around
what's in here hmm
it's just pretty big poppy it's my main
man how's it going mate listen do I know
you Patrick
you prick you gonna give me some aspirin
or something cuz I'm gonna show up or
you go throw up okay I'll get you some
gari Aspen make it
drunks gonna ganja marijuana Snoop Doggy
those around where's this guy so sad
alright it's a pretty house Marty or I
don't be a bloody party pooper
go leave if you're sick you stupid shit
wait financially this call really is
drunk
Oh Stephanie oh nice to meet you
Stephanie
how about you show me what them legs do
that's not funny
cut out would yell memos this song
really okay oh shit look at ago and now
she's doing the robot
I think hello Stephanie okay it's almost
annoying code is back oh hello baby go
you know you know who we're going to be
talking to next ha ha I'm Ashley I'm
Madison sister Oh Madison sister you
know what I think it had it could
Madison Co sister but me it's what my
lover's come to I'm talking to virtual
girls because I can't get any in real
life
ok see LA - Lea where does it go now
buddy does coming left right inspector I
don't believe we've met I'm Rachel or
Rachel first off lose the bloody
attitude ok don't tell me to lose my
attitude you bloody ass Oh what the
hell's the problem girl piss off all
right I don't want to talk to you I'm
away okay anyone else I can talk to
there's a dude hey use this goddamn
pussy open her I'm not a pussy who are
you who the hell are you coming in
housewife I don't know you fool oh god
you know me a fraction so I'm your boy
you remember me what the hell out of you
I'm talking this guy all right
wait you're not drunk um no I'm not
drunk good man I'm straight edge and I
can't stand a soldier get drugged good
parties listen it's a pretty party what
does it get lit at parties okay okay I'm
crouching behalf of my own Crouch
I don't want to be crouching what a
fucking crush it what the hell crap oh
you like that right oh yeah wait
girl now however it goes out this party
did you need something
what is with these girls in there bloody
attitudes but that's what I don't
deliver makes rain I like your glasses
they make you look smart Oh if I weren't
wearing glasses could you would think
I'm some dumb bitch get out of my face
what it mean I'm Kristen here with Frank
okay he understands me oh he understands
me good Oh apparently I have quest my
quest is to talk to medicine all right
Madison where are you who are you I
don't know this girl maybe Madison and
do I know you bitch wait wait wait I
went to this girl's partying I don't
even know what what the hell or I better
be nice to Supergirl oh I should throw
me out okay I like to get to know you
better Madison oh this is weird because
my party I don't know what to do with my
arms wait who is this guy his truck is
out looking at gobble it's got still
bloody dancing man I want to leave right
now
oh hello girl have I spoken to you yet
okay I think I have sorry I just keep
looking at their breasts and I don't
remember their faces or we need to get
Patrick some aspirin all right so we've
got a headache so where can I find
aspirin maybe it might be upstairs in
the bloody medicine cabinet hello anyone
upstairs
I hope I don't walk into any one bloody
getting it on and all oh oh hey Mary
with what the sake of what this god is
great teleport into effect this gate so
weird what the hell's up with that tone
what's going up with this game can you
tell me where the toilet is I need to do
a poo okay unless oh I
that's my phone in there can you get it
for me oh sure thing medicine I've done
that before alright I've left my toilet
what why does somebody go down this
bedroom Hey
anyway so being a father hey girl what's
your name or you are oh hey my name is
Brittany I don't believe we've met
Ciao Bella and she doesn't wanna talk to
me after that okay I don't blame you
okay medicine medicine medicine medicine
medicine why I see myself in the
reflection Mac get a PC oh my god I'm
such a nut no wonder why they go to
parties wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait is this a bloody safe she's
got bloody lots of
any other say I like this party
simulator because I can just stare at
girls titties and they don't get quite
quick initiate hacking sequence
protocols if we're going to be bloody
rich boys all right I don't know why I
did a hacking montage for this safe
because I can't even interact with it
hey Rachel I like your sweater oh thank
you oh I'm in boys all right I'm getting
the bloody poo poo poo poo poo nine
what's your sign seriously what's my
sign the best thing come up with it all
right not into astrology I see Jesus
Christ these girls bathroom skeleton key
what we are basically key from my house
oh no no no no of course I wasn't going
to get upstairs right now
apparently the bloody skeleton in that
bloody bathroom can I do a pool no climb
into a pool in this game this game is
dog shit why am I playing this there's a
party going on and you're literally in a
bedroom sitting on a chair by yourself
all right I hate you can I open the
fridge hopefully see the food again Oh
should they got everything they've got
golden crispy chicken nuggets
they've got sweetie they've got golden
spots Organic birthday notes what the
bloody should put potatoes in their
fridge okay well I'll have a beer Thanks
what came first the chicken or the
carton of eggs
I'm cringe and I should die can I have a
bit of salami maybe I can use that
salami later can I have this soda
I got a soda should I give the soda to
this guy who doesn't drink alcohol
I don't want your shitty a soda get out
my face alright dude you don't drink
alcohol I thought your body come in
handy so Frank what do you think about
Katherine Oh - man she is hot you think
you might ask her out all right well
good luck with that
why does every conversation just end so
then I have to start up another
conversation with them are you just
going to sit here and god alcohol all
night yeah man if I drinking alcohol no
one is you did does that mean if I try
to take some alcohol he will bloody
fight me cricket player so I see you
with that booth you're dead oh you fight
me now oh she better don't agree get out
out go man notify me frankly I don't
want to fight help someone else
you're gonna love stars they got me
Franco crazy your baby now look I show
that about this is the house boy
simulator and I managed to bloody die
for my house boy
what kind of mouth is this shit where's
good problem let's try to fight me all
right will you missed this came so
shouldn't stupid all right let's talk to
stuff me again the girl who loves the
dog yeah you haven't fun them doing
something with me what the shits are
with it I'll see what I could do what's
in it for me Zoltan I'm hitting on this
girl
I'll go crazy if you let my dad know you
haven't seen nothing yet
no one likes your dance moves now
Stephanie alright you stupid girl look
at you I'm not whipped bro I got a quest
so sovereignty how do you know medicine
oh okay
don't crash the game is crushed alright
guys I've got a confused about this game
alright but I was reading the About
section okay and apparently I can press
P to toggle exposing your penis sure
I'll see my peepee in three two one
pp great whoa I can see your thing
it's bigger than my thing no shit man I
need another drink
hey this is my kind of boy something in
return
with what oh good to know that's nice
okay I'm sorry I've got an itchy zipper
finger or a farm Addison's phone alright
I'll take it
alright and I'll give it to her how nice
of a person I am and you kind of got
your willy out yes I'm staring at it
girl G that's great alright time to put
my willy away alright there we go oh I
have your phone back alright so medicine
I gave you back your phone alright I
feel like a reward should be an order
how about a little bit of a key see ok
what hope a prank on my sister and then
maybe more than just it keeps waiting
for you when you
and what I'll actually work oh I shall
play upon your dumb sister spilled
something
oh okay the quest started humiliate
Ashley oh why is where we go humiliate
sister the whipped cream is in the
fridge
apparently alright let's give this girl
whipped cream because clearly she needs
it let's give her the whipped cream okay
guys I'm gonna end the video here this
game was bloody weird okay it's just it
looked kind of funny
it kind of is funny anyway guys be sure
to leave a like like China in 10,000 and
only if we hit 10,000 I'll maybe do more
because there is stuff in this game to
do but I don't know it you have to
research it shit either way I hope you
enjoyed and I will see you in the next
video man sir the guys love you
ba ba my plan my mom Bam Bam Bam welcome
in our favor go really with me okay
because the band's very much is finally
someone
