hello everyone how is everyone doing it
measure selfie today we are doing
something too dangerous do not do this
shit at home kids up so I went out and
bought an electric shock dog collar
now most dog collars nowadays they don't
actually shock all they do is vibrate or
they emit sound okay so I actually had
to find a really old shock collar to
give me an a static electric shock okay
so the shock collar comes in three most
the electric shock mode
there's vibrate mode there's sound mold
and other nor the last one is now what
we're doing is static mode now static
mode goes all the way from one all the
way up to 100 okay I even want to know
what our hundred feels like I've only
ever tried on fifty and it hurts like
hell okay
firstly let's test this out or I'm going
to put it on my arm first and then once
I've tried it on my arm I'm gonna try it
on my neck okay so the power level to
one
first off and then we'll go from there
okay it better be on one he's on wall no
showing me then show me why do I need to
prove okay jeez are you pressing up
while we were doing that oh wait I want
to document eight where I'm going 20 aha
to piss on woman no no okay wait to
first try one okay it's on one I don't
give me okay commentary three two one oh
that was not one that hurt
that really hurt what giving it really
it really hot Charlie Olli what the
hundred yes it was the hundreds now what
Saha don't thought that if you told me I
was behind you I would have never let
you do that no he shouldn't you doesn't
dog yeah you shouldn't use this on dogs
I'm trying a handling I'm not dog what
this is three two one blast off
ah but that one yeah not so much else
charlie ah okay ah like the feeling is
like someone like pinching your skin
sure that it's on 50 with you all right
okay I'm ready for do a countdown three
two one ah okay what we're going to do
now is super duper dangerous okay I'm
gonna actually put it on my collar okay
now I'm going to aim it right where my
pulses okay does it I try this yesterday
and literally I could fill the whole
shot go through my body okay I'm not
looking forward to this three two oh
shit 3 go 1 plus R over N 3 2 it is
really so bad I didn't buy a shock
collar for nothing okay we're going to
play just done and every time I mess up
Mac is gonna shock me just like this
that's where you show me mercy show
mommy
you fucking around
what is so very subtle that time why
does that's a good man at the Gaston
you
rock and roll
I'm gonna show my booty okay so no good
freecell from now on okay I wish it
Carol game shop oh that's my friend and
caustic
stop stop
I think she can't take any more okay
we're gonna do one more song and then
the Restonic now this next song
I'm doing it okay
that was me playing just dance and need
electric shock
don't buyers dog collar especially don't
use on a dog because I could even handle
it I know I think I was watching leave a
like if you enjoyed let's try it
10,000 and I'll see you next with your
man so I got love you Robin
