hi such a lovely day today the grass is
green my wallet has lots of money in it
I do hope that all it takes it that
would be extremely embarrassing
you didn't hear anything I'm a rubber
god you're saved by my money back
does that mean I'm obliged to give you
my Wang give me your wallet right now
and don't you even think about calling
the police because that would ruin my
plans okay bye I'll see how you like it
mr. robber
nine-one-one hello yes sir
yes this is the police Robert he stole
my hefty wallet you've been robbed
please he's running away with my wallet
my hefty wallet boy police are in
pursuit they are on the way okay bye
we're stupid shit hello did someone call
the police yeah that was me
where'd it go he's in that direction
somewhere that way yeah I don't quite
know where you are
damn it officer get off me
I told him not to ring the police it's
the one thing I told him not to do I'm
sorry okay me oh you call him you did it
oh all in a day's work son all our day's
work alright weekend hold on wait wait
wait wait wait where's my wallet oh yeah
of course your wallet is at her it's
somewhere oh shit
help me out
why ping serious packs help me which
road is mine and your wallet - I was
four fief all along police normal Marcel
video why all this
oh all the trigger just say the word and
I'll do it everyone how is everyone
doing is mess yourself there sorry for
all the weirdness but today we are
playing nine-one-one simulator now I
love this game and I thought this look
shit but I played it for myself and it's
actually a really cool game basically
people come up and ring you asking for
911 help on the phone and you've got to
go running through it alright it's
pretty funny because some of the
conversations that they have are stupid
okay so let's just play the game and
just uh alright alright so here's the
game
now before you go click away I know this
game looks ugly and confusing as hell
but give me a second to explain it
basically crimes will pop up around the
city and it is my job to answer and send
units to those crimes whether they need
the fire department I can also send the
ambulance or I can send policemen if I
know someone's committed a murder like
alright let's start I have a gourd okay
what's your emergency
and living in the present I can't take
it out or let's think about this where
are you calling me from at mumbling sir
no he's calling from 201 Shoreditch High
Street
I will send a policeman now are you not
a policeman I will send an ambulance
right now
help is on the way II want to do my job
I'm handing out oh no he's bossing out
no you're not keeping I'm not do you
have a girlfriend yeah but girlfriend
you will not die you will marry your yes
I promise anyway in that one phone call
we now have five new incidents where
there'll probably dead now because I was
just carrying about bloody Allen all
right I probably should have had that
phone call a lot differently but who
cares everyone shut up okay we have a
new form call 911 is your emergency I
want to report an illegally parked car
you tried tell me you called me just for
a bloody fuck gone so what is it about
this parked car that has you concerned
over give me about no emergency sir this
isn't an emergency call yeah nine one
one one zero nine on one well if you
can't talk please press any digit on
your phone
like one fucking stitch or two for
medical any weapon do they have any
weapons press once for yes two for no
how many of them three tones is this a
terrorist attack terrace the bloody Isis
we have the location
two eight eight Oxford Street we need to
get that right now where is it where is
it where is it where is it it's right
here
quickly quickly we must send the
policeman go every policeman go on there
right now
bloody Oxford Street I promise the Queen
I locate those terrorist bastards out we
need ambulances we've got men down go
ambulance mercy all right another
ambulances arrived quickly quickly
quickly we must save everyone
15 seconds we've saved the terrorists
wait what quickly save Matt quarter
quarter you were like a partner to me
okay you will not die I'm really not
playing this game properly because
there's currently 12 crimes going on
right now listen I'm only one man okay
at least I'm doing something
can you stop calling me Jesus Christ
what do you think I'm the police three
two one oh yeah probably should have
said no one ages ago oh I did it okay
well that was an interesting spirits day
one completed I think I saved two crimes
what the stressful day at the office
ladies Jared but we are not done let us
now do day - let's start day - oh my
goodness I'm so scared alright this time
I'll actually try and answer a lot more
calls and stop just focusing on one all
right nobody wait I knew it
okay bye the incidents all I care about
the calls we've got a call nine-one-one
what is your emergency
what's happening
crazy brain my ex-boyfriend a crazy way
I heard knocking at the door probably
drunk again explicitly not for society
apply to you to find a rule and you can
lock the door on yes get in there crazy
okay God asking me for genuine help and
I'm just like just show me more it's
great they said to me guys all right
wait
he's crazy ex-boyfriend drop my
ex-boyfriend wait it could have killed
that girl all right
I stick with my choices all right ray
it's probably an awesome 911 is your
emergency
okay all right we've calmed down a bit
we've gone from ex-boyfriend ray getting
shot in the face to a little bit of a
car crash oh they're in the engine don't
give a shit about no shit a car crash
okay
police officer all right new core now
9-1-1 what is your emergency
what's the problem with my what what
what's with your knife you want help
with your bloody math so MUC listen
little boy you will not know the
consequences of ringing the police
no but seriously yeah sure help what's
the math all right 17 17 take away seven
oh no one that's one okay what a dumb
shit doesn't know sir
if my shut up kid you made me break my
phone I swear I seriously to get a case
that the phone's not broken okay
trust me I would have clicked play of
the video if it was I know the kid hung
up on me stupid kid wanting help with
maps homework made me drop my phone
finnaly back to medical marijuana will
soar still no I am there's a strange car
parked here could you check it strange
cool what's this strange about it there
is not enough space to walk through so
what is it about this parked car that
has me concerned there's not enough
water go up alright another cool they
just keep coming 9-1-1 what is your
emergency trying to put out the fire
with water yeah that's not gonna work I
think that woman now seriously I don't
throw water on a fire I would just flame
it you'll end up like that woman just
going I'm gonna end the video here this
was nine one one simulator to be honest
this game just looks too hectic for me
and they gave probably good but I have
enough patience for it I just like
listening to people's problems on the
phone anyway guys I'm gonna end the
video here if you guys do want to see
more I think I've pretty much done
anything done everything if you want to
see more leave a like 10,000 likes I'll
do it okay anyway guys thanks so much
for watching I hope you enjoyed and I'll
see you next video man so the guys love
you
ba ba
so what is it about this park car that
has concern there is not enough space to
walk through
there is not enough space to walk
through
