all right settle down settle down liquid
we need another idea for a video game
what the kids plays nowadays my son
painting game called overwatch it looks
pretty good Oh what what is this god
damn shape yeah yeah like this this
could work
oh we gotta do is take their game and
just make it around everywhere and just
make a whole new game and we're making
free to play with microtransactions but
the question is what do we call it we
will call it paladins champions of the
round so the hello everyone how is the
one doing is much yourself it today we
are playing overwatch but it's not
overwatch it's a shitty knockoff of our
watch called paladins this game looked
exactly like a reskin of overwatch I
don't care look let's just play the
tutorial and you'll see what I mean
no running in the lobby kiddies like mr.
Mosby's the game doesn't look bad
I'll give it that oh hello who are you
gigantic joke let's see oh we know what
the hell chosen else called King Silas
did Ava try the name of your health
three to zero you die wait what if your
health reaches zero
you
yeah I wait what there's tunings without
going Empire sang I'm gonna kill the
second Ying
oh she disappeared getting the second
unique alright being able to create for
yourself eh oh yay oh sorry gotta reload
you got it Fred grenade alright yang
catch oh shit it's really a soldier 76
or let's activate hustle mr. G just as
great nice nice you went to the jack
point nice oh I have high in sight oh
that's new ultimately be like my
ultimate garage ROG no no watch they
make you kill clock target dummies but
MIT came and later give a shit about you
just like kill a million of them alright
my alt is Mirage you coming
Mahajan coming oh shit Wow I have a
horsie now okay maybe this game is a bit
different it has horsey I already love
it
I will name my horsey stallion
you stupid bitch you introduced a bloody
horsey with me all right out of nowhere
at least give me five minutes to just
enjoy him and Amy is trying to protect
me of what do are the payload it's just
like overwatch pretty much but the god
damn music is goddamn overwatch all
right this is God navigating the shit
took victory I won wait who is a pretty
good its overwatch but it's free
no it's a free game obviously what all
right let's see this shitty champion
Torvald Toby on wait whoa okay you're a
goddamn mage elf but you took
Reinhardt's arm and Roxas shit Reaper
what the hell's wrong with you
berrak hope your monkey bomb King
Bastian you fucked out bad for bomb fuck
fuck
what the shit Cassie Cassie the bloody a
mercy Brueghel's dragger what the shit
is this baby water remember Lando okay
this is kinda like feral but it's a dude
hello my name is like Nassau oh I am the
lady man Rock does shit whoo what I am
Groot kanessa Vanessa this kind of looks
like tracer but she's black
okay this is row dogs but it's a turtle
okay I can get down with that voice said
yeah I hope gave you a pet snake pit pit
pit wait especially a chicken nugget
with wrecking and built ruckus and bolts
its hands oh okay it's the same it's
happenes okay there's a bow and arrow
for a sniper come on be a wig another
one sky guy I don't even try okay
you're just you're just a girl big door
alright soldier I just cuz you're
Russian King oh yeah I remember you yang
anyway I couldn't play with a few heroes
otherwise I have to pay for the game
which I refuse to do I'm not playing an
online game okay I just want to play by
myself I want to take with myself I want
to play with my strength of the team is
each member today
that each member is the team
all right I'm playing his gang what did
I just do
what does f2 what cute oh I create
another one on myself the things that I
score don't even kill him what's the
point
oh my god the shape my portal hurts like
a laser beam plays you feeling would
help me oh she died what what I do
oh I couldn't blink oh wow shooting that
oh okay I can spawn one in and I can
right-click to just explode next to them
type it you squirrel furry ok let's try
someone else let's try asteroid Tyra ok
tire is the one we're just a gun ok s
what does that do what does Q do a
monitor flippin salad is burning I'm
even killing what the hell yeah I am
getting 2 I've got a grenade launcher
oh ok psych I mean suck I suck my dick I
have a right mouse button ok what's Q oh
whoa well it's a magic magical play this
game makes me want to play overwatch I
don't know I
all right shall in have a bow and arrow
how unique Wow a lot of damage ok was Q
do oh hello noise when it Gables I die
where was this right mouse button dude
right
oh shit oh wait what what I do is it me
okay time for my alt here we go thank
you okay
what's the point what is this do I just
get well shit alright ruckus
alright I'm Deva now let's see what's my
special ability like my gun starts off
slow and then just speeds up
I was f2 I can boost oh my god this is
so much like Deva right mouse button
it's just a block no I'm still taking
damage okay guys you ready for my alt I
bet it's exactly like divas
oh my god
pip I can't wait to see what is chicken
nugget Billy is PIP couldn't shoot uh is
this junk rat okay it's basically junk
right all right Q is a healing potion
all right mess what the shit could I all
I could job L Oh pip my good friend all
right right mouse button shit talk about
a chain reaction
what all right chicken nugget let's see
the ability only mature keep it gentle
chicken I gotta admit this game is
pretty funny if I couldn't afford
overwatch I would I would play this game
called Dharma which is done yeah
basically what the shit of got a snake
ever had okay this rate can then just
like work out venom wait what was that
instead of reloading I just chuck away a
snake and get another one just throw
them away I just get another one and s
what is it to show you okay let's see
what this guy's alt is e oh she's like
oh shit I'm gonna get out of it I don't
get this old what does she did it what
the shit oh just make it go crazy
McCullough he's still running away from
the snake guy up it is basically Farah
come on now here what's Q that's the
shit I become a dad all right right
click oh it's a change come on roll dog
what are you doing in this game go buy
me I just could go my scale ashell
because I'm scared okay what's my alt
boom you sure look fuck off I could just
stop swinging people I'll act cool not
kanessa the girl was not a real name I
was it's a sniper rifle woman okay
that's fun really it charges up like
Widowmaker can you stop like just just
just ripping us off come on oh my god I
can one-shot alright maybe this game is
my bad what about Q is that a mine like
like like Widowmaker
is that draining health was that doing
its training for health or f does what
what the shit
what
how did I do and II does walk everything
about this is Widowmaker
alright group let's see what you got
okay group Scott oh he just just Chuck's
lick axes well as right now spawn do
well q looks like a plant what ever you
warm
yeah Groot you're scaring me
okay so I can like what grappling hook
okay huh okay I'm guessing I heal
everyone like Zegna ronke what does shit
all right Winston okay I didn't know you
were an orc in this game so does it
Winston quite a bubble around you hook
look that's basically what this is right
I'll don't tell me f is going to make me
leap is it oh it makes me touch to a
ghost for like a second what did he just
say I'm blue double d double died
alright was my own okay that was kind of
scary and blow that all a battle by now
time Boston us really really come on
come on
but I was out and no one noticed it's
okay s coming okay just two Sprint's
pass everyone and I have a flamethrower
Q what's this okay what world
I will not die not yet okay I don't know
what I did
Eevee the girl with a stupid name
alright this girl can shoot balls how Q
does wait what the shit I just one shot
on cue ah
oh I can slap it what am i a bloody with
it this is my old okay this is basically
made this game they which you take two
heroes and just mash them together just
get whatever it's may oh my god this
stupid game well at least I could fly
this game okay let's change to the
goddamn dragon he just shoots rockets F
Oh
it's fairer okay what's my old hey oh my
god that's scary Cassie
here we go it's do you Cassie's the one
with a crossbow that's nice
cue all right shit did I do I use a
front flip for no reason what was the
point of that my alt looks like a bird
okay so I'm expecting my bird to just go
crazy or some shit Ziggs what what
what's happening oh it was a scout bird
so just tells me where enemies are all
right buck has a shotgun that's why it's
called buck at least make him look like
a buck alright make him look like some
hilly Billy shit
not some bloody monk q okay Hill's me f
I just did a big jump out um my personal
spy
trust me buck I yelled at every single
day of my entire life
alright time for this guy's old
oh my god what bomb King though guy that
looks like Bastion but he talks just got
to Bob just in his hands a teammate are
you doing okay this is kind of adorable
I've just got two bombs in my hands and
they look like a happiest people ever
all right can I throw them I'm guessing
I do okay well there they go was cuted
okay Oh mom do something what oh okay oh
I lose left mouse button to throw them
and right to destroy oh that's cool I
like this big red ball but look how cute
he is
how many flow where all right bomb King
show me ability king of me Oh kitty cat
over fast explode Oh exploded didn't
kill anyone with the ship all right
berrak okay talk beyond with a gun how
does he do oh he's got a shotgun
I got a torrid know it is tore beyond
what the shit that right mouse button is
a shield gone turret
yeah itching hair get me those kills
yeah boy could I put up multiple turret
oh here's this guy Jesus quite is my old
exactly like Toby on oh it's got like a
mega car if it's not shooting well that
was useful okay we're nearly done
two more and ryx the Reaper guy oh it's
Reaper but machree okay you just got a
gun that's nice right-click in Oh it's
literally McCree okay Wow cute reversal
okay I like sucks their bullets I guess
f what was the point it might really
like Reapers ability oh okay that was
weird
alright last one tour Vlad the guy with
a rock hand so we can fat do I block
bullets is that my ability is shit well
then okay right recharge this doesn't
even make sense this itself with a rock
arm a justice it makes sense this is
what those who just don't go hand in
hand together
all right last old Maui
okay that's pretty cool okay guys with
that being said I'm gonna stop playing
this game now I play so much overwatch
so it's really funny to play this shit
okay it's just really bad actually you
know what I gotta get some credit if you
can't afford overwatch it's a good
alternative but you guys seriously got a
trial to watch all right one of the best
SBS's of our generation anyway guys I
hope you enjoyed still and yeah I'll see
you in the next video man so the guys
love you barb at
