- hello everyone how's it all doing is
miss yourself there today we are playing
but we get our original week now you
guys didn't know you can actually play
Wii games on the Wii U alright so I
thought it would be a good idea to play
the most sold game of all time
Wii Sports technically is it the most
sold game it's the most sold game to
ever come out on one console I think
minecraft is up there but that's on like
the iPad the black breather bloody
potato you can play that shit on I think
the most sold game is Tetris alright but
that's not good for a video you want me
to play Tetris for a video you're just
like that you for a video yeah yeah it's
just fun
yeah me playing yeah this is you having
fun guys yeah I'll put this here and
then yeah that goes here oh my god look
at this old off interface now what I
remember from the Nintendo Wii is that
it has some of the best music like the
goddamn shop music what we going to shop
on the Wii Shop Channel you guys have
had this on before right god damn
toulouse-lautrec wait for it wait for it
I love it I can't stop listening into a
now guys Skype if this video reaches
20,000 likes not even joking I'm gonna
make a video one hour long of just me
listening to this song alright because I
will be happy to do that alright now be
the eat at our why god damn life oh oh
yeah the Wii Sports music that was a
goddamn too
oh they're ready for it get ready for it
get ready for it they're ready for it
have you guys to see that meme with the
Wii Sports music where something finally
happens and then someone turns into a
bowling ball you guys will see that meme
right you want me to do my own version
that mean partisan are maxed push me oh
it's all news - Shh today on Wii Sports
News you can play tennis
baseboard forwarding and goal from
boxing okay so the reason why we sports
was the most sold game is because every
week console came with this game which
made it emotional game which is a stupid
way to win the most sold game oh so none
of these games are actually interesting
to watch I don't know how I'm gonna make
this funny but you're gonna watch me
play Wii Sports all right whether you
like it or not alright let's start off
with shitty tennis I'm gonna play it by
myself all these generic we coders look
scared of shit well we've girls look
like they see some shit and you've got a
generic black white and brown guy well
I'll be generic brown guys because
that's basically me I'm a generic brown
guy I'm a generic Indian because I say
teepees is sick sick sick sick sick sick
sick sick such quick shoes how can i
play this game properly when they had
such great - alright because I don't
want to bore the shit out of you guys
I'll just play one game I'm playing
against Matt the black guy I stop racist
right oh god this cave looks absolutely
terrible what I remember looking as bad
look at the crowds they're just colors
and just like two people on either side
I'm gonna do it how do I play oh okay
that's how I play did anyone actually
find tennis interesting that's like I
mean a tennis is boring why would anyone
like this oh I'm 15 love all right you
need to get forty love to win no you
don't you need to get more than 40 it's
my partner just me why is it two against
me what I'm gonna get it up again oh oh
did not fall over I think you did
alright this came easy a shit man have
to do anything which is Oh
mr. bolt for Neil our favor I gotta get
it back no I'm not gonna shit in the
game where's the whip
where's the winner swing this so having
a witness this game is easy as shitty
titties let us move on to the next game
the annual baseball championships are
happening right now we'll go live to
Matt broadcasting we small space board
hi I'm not today we are playing baseball
okay Brandon new versus the other team I
don't know what the code but let's get
here what happening oh shit Brandon
versus and Lisa look at this stupid girl
figure she's gonna beat me or how do I
play this again all right I need control
damn how this game would stick with you
shit bad about a better hair but I wash
it okay do it one hand shit bat around
what you may not go what strike Wow how
about foul I understand how playful
works right
one I'll take that
Andy I'm Andy I'm ready to play baseball
because I good enough because it was
different idiom shit can you guys stop
talking to me please I'm trying to
concentrate Josh that's why I'm failing
now concentrate am I out
alright y'all call you stupid bitch
Yoko's gonna win it to me mad you piece
of shit alright changing sides
oh maybe I'll be better at throwing so
when oh wow you're dumb and shit huh is
that good what Nora you out bitch or
Emma you weird looking me after where's
Ming I've ever seen Oh
yes sir right one - right - you're out
of there okay while I'm having so much
fun playing this game I'd even know how
it works I just want to get a home run
that's all I want to do come on you
gotta be kidding me come on you Jamaican
Rastafari and run run let's run double
single single time come aah
is that good is that good I don't know
how this game works why just go sweat
you see scared of the sookie sookie
sookie don't catch it don't catch it
good right look they ran towards mater's
and Sarah won although I do it a single
or go do it Oh got my cup damn it Oh one
single single you got me a job boy look
at you makin Jamaica run include our
last four months
why are the crowds just a bunch of
lights I don't get it they know to get
someone out we got to do is just do that
and then their outlook I even try look I
can do it my eyes closed boom our boat
see were your shit oh shit it's mad you
may have read me intended writing but
you're not going to be me or baseball or
I'm Matt come on you piece of shit
strike back I'm just a lucky man I'm
gonna get it next time
are you mad are you really Oh
yes right I told you about you Peter
said what's rigged in a harmonium
baskets it was not so good at baseball
okay well that's one one I guess a B or
a B you can't play Boston we'll just go
home
oh oh oh shit single shit or I'm
determined to get a home run
Andy come on don't disappoint it's not
good I think that's a foul
oh no oh come on
all right I'll take one I'll take 100
it's a foul get me online full of one
I'm not stopping until I get a home run
guys because I want to go metal what up
dude game was hard as shit man I
remember being this hard okay oh no shit
that's the game is that what they say I
lose on out with farmers shit I just
want a home run that's all I want
okay I just want a home run actually do
I care no I don't really care that much
just ever get one home run then I'll
stop playing one home run that's all I
want all right push it three two one
your mum's alright let's go over to the
mean that is bowling okay one player
because I have no friend why not take a
break why don't you shut the hell up we
all right this is bowling all right I've
got a big crowd how do I make bowling
interesting I have no idea all right so
we hold it and then let go
oh oh okay nice thing I watch this
crap man Thank You gay all right I don't
know how I'm gonna make calling
interesting all right I'll keep playing
till I get a strike how by that guys I
got a strike on my second goal or
anything to play in him all right
you guys get the gist I need to play
anymore I got a spare strike in my first
two goals is it do you guys really want
to see me play the shit let's move on to
golf all right because everyone loves
golf
oh so pretty
alright stroke one way I'm a stroke
that's why some practice swings why I'm
not have to swing a bloody controller
around okay all I remember is golf being
easier shit all you got to do is just
swing it as high as you can
all right three two one oh shit my
controller oh is that good
I don't know how golf works I want to
cook what on earth I wanna do it's a
joke you can take your money
is that good I hit a tree oh shit hey
how much what the do anything with a
goddamn tree in the way oh shit it's
hard to believe that this game was one
of the most sold games all right Deborah
that's why I watch I'm gonna get someone
go I'm gonna put it 3 2 1 yeah good
triple bogey triple bogey what is it my
nose
all right hole to pass three I don't
give a shit
all right I'm just gonna kick look I got
it straight on where's our pool
nice work Thank You imaginary God oil 3
2 1 I hate my life you're gonna mess up
with it alright last hole par 5 that's a
lot of numbers and we got let's play man
the way it was the best thing ever
they're going crazy for that song uh
that good - oh shit
out of bounds I know you could do that
I'm gonna take it again this should land
directly on the green don't mess up
don't mess up don't mess up got myself
did you guys really just watch me play
golf
yes you did as you could tell I'm really
running out of video I did alright so
the last game is boxing now for boxing
you need the nunchuck thing but I don't
have the nunchuck alright so I can't
play it so because we can't do we sports
boxing
did you guys know that there is a newer
version of Wii Sports
probably I've done that for a video but
let's go on there now this thing choo is
not as good man okay this is the newer
version of Wii Sports
so this one we actually can play boxing
in it alright local game I watch me beat
the shit out of this stupid diet look at
my me it looks so freaky anyway continue
next vs. Joe why not listen I'm not
gonna fight Sultan at some old bitch
okay anyway Joe a knight you're going
down I don't care who you are
look oh shit fuck no Carl not this old
bitch out OC Suns come on bull sounds go
out at you whore shut up one more okay
she's dead I killed his old woman Oh No
why do you say so pregnancy mother
kidding me so much shit Joe and I are
gonna shit look every time I move mommy
move stop kidding me please I
where's my grandson killing me I give a
shit about your grandson granny oh okay
oh my goodness I guess I could carry on
you could carry on Joey come on all I'll
do they just go Joe and I prepared to be
knocked the shit out of out out I can't
speak ow
even if I put my gloves down she can't
even beat me can you Joanna I'm not
moving
you can do it you couldn't do it Oh got
me son come on ding ding Ning Ning Ning
Ning Ning oh my god what'd I just do I
killed up this is where you get when you
play me again some old granny bitch oh
she got off a date okay that's great
she don't even know what to do look at
us crab three anyway let's fight all
right I'm gonna stop messing around
Joanna just go on the floor
all right watch it I'm going for the
knockout punch get ready guys get ready
get ready
okay instead is so good possessed that
man look out baby push these replays
yeah winner yeah I love it up to level
two uh I don't care
I got a stump thanks
hello guys that was we sports don't ask
me one making a video on this game
anyone like above the age of like maybe
eighteen remembers the week it was a
classic console alright so I just
thought I'd make a video to remind some
of you guys out there of how much of a
great console it was leave a goddamn
like let's try and hit 10,000 if we do
I'll make more videos on the week anyway
guys thank you so much watching and I'll
see you in this video man
so the guys love you bambam hey
