hello everyone how is everyone doing in
this mess yourself there and today leis
German we are starting up a brand new
let's play not just any let's play
we are finally doing the walking dead I
have been wanting to play this game for
so god damn long this game is so good
guys and the reason why is taking me so
long to make a video on this it's
because this game is long this game is
so god damn long because I don't want to
make like a 30 episode let's play all
right you guys will lose interest and
it'll just get boring after a while so
this is what I was thinking guys there's
five episodes to the walking dead okay
five chapters in this story and I was
thinking for every chapter I will make
one video so basically there's only
gonna be five videos and if you guys
want to watch it you can and if you
don't want to watch it then you're not
just like but barded with Walking Dead
videos so I really really really really
want to do a let's play on this guy's
but at the end of the day it's up to you
guys so if we reach 20,000 likes that's
enough people for me to warrant to play
The Walking Dead from start to end okay
and if you guys like even more we can
then place easin too and then season 3
yada yada yada
anyway let's stop talking grab some
popcorn grab some snacks grabbed a drink
because we are gonna be blown away with
Walking Dead episode 1 baby the game
series adapts to the choices you make
the story is tailored how you play in
association with Skybound edutainment
okay the game takes place on a new day
this game looks like shit by the way
because it's very old but trust me it
gets better all right we start the story
on a lonely road where you play as Li
the main character getting arrested for
some reason I think we find out later on
I don't know but I got arrested on the
day that the zombies happened I mean I
mean spoilers spoilers we're looking at
you push it off policeman well I reckon
you didn't do it Dan what I don't give a
shit what you think you know what they
say about reckoning you know what they
say about record what am i from the body
yourself but I reckon it's a lot like us
soon yes something like that
shut up you stupid policeman alright so
this game is basically a point-and-click
but it has multiple choice has a really
great story alright
trust me it's great gameplay alright
look at him hello what do you want I
followed your case a little bit you win
a make him going on okay alright how
does I get arrested you've got an
opinion you've got an opinion then
wouldn't say there I go in for that
innocent to prove them guilty thing Oh
considering who they say you killed
who'd I kill I killed someone
okay we found out I killed someone
that's why I've got arrested who'd I
kill damn you won't know how I see sure
why is this any policeman is it zombies
what put regardless what be you just
married the wrong woman the woman did i
murder my wife or she married the wrong
guy
fuck you I said that let me just repeat
me please come on when I tell you to
press something and say something you're
doing all right you can ask your radio
okay there is something going on back
there all right and I think it's I think
it's Dom beasts I'm driving this man
once he was a war I all right shut I
don't care I don't care all right well
thanks for the story old mouse to show
people up and go mad when they believe
their life is over
oh it's it's it's kind of a good one oh
hey there's a guy in the road there's a
guy there's a guy in the road there's a
guy in the road shut up shut up in the
road
okay they both died the end all right
come come cut it cut the credits oh shit
no I was joking
I lived Oh zombies this is this is the
moment guys when Lee alright
finds out that zombies are coming or
should Lee you need to get the hell up
we're gonna go zombies are good I'd be
packet on the door I'd come eat your
face off we need a goalie leave it up
this is no time for a nappy you piece of
shit get off oh shit I broke my leg oh
oh no I did break my leg as well that's
bad oh I've start this Hancock oh and
he's thirsty so much is going on yeah
you broke that shit what happened to the
driver oh no don't tell me he's a zombie
oh look he's dead I think he's a zombie
look he looks all pale and shit
hey hey officer are you all right
I'm still got back here shit he looks
like he bled out there's a shotgun there
hell did he ever come out oh he was had
his gun out coz he was shooting zombies
winds galets car try kicking the window
open okay move out the window all right
don't jump-scare me game alright cuz
there's job scares and I don't want them
easy alright there we go okay so I've
got a broken leg and I'm handcuffed Lee
you're in a bit of a pickle aren't you
need to get the hell out of it okay
Oh No okay
so the car toppled over from all the way
down there
damn okay first things first we need to
get these handcuffs off all right so I
think the officer should be carrying the
keys but I'm scared he could be a zombie
all right let's be careful there's a
shotgun shell on the floor should I pick
that up
oh did you know I was cops on him okay
okay there's the cuffs there we are all
right grab it all right don't don't
scare me now okay this looks like a job
scare oh no the keys fell that guy's be
prepared I am I'm not gonna scream I
promise you I'm not gonna scream oh okay
oh it wasn't a jump scare all right now
I can unlock him and full Bob's your
uncle
Susan's your Rd okay that's how it goes
right
oh no look at this zombies shit officer
guy but there's some kind got this truck
Gundy
I already know what to do grab the bird
out de Manyu Lee come on you now just
choose people okay
hey I just shot that guy right in his
hand all right cool
I just got away with murder okay I just
shot my old police officer now I don't
need to go to jail
all right oh shit look at that look at
that there's a little girl bag this is
the moment where we meet a little girl
that we will take on our journey but
first let's get the hell out of there
because I think zombies heard that
gunshot run li1 hello oh oh no oh no did
I go we need a goalie all right take the
shot that we didn't know no okay they
say they take the time of going I know
your legs hurt but you need to go oh
shit oh shit oh shit oh shit oh shit oh
shit oh shit 70 for me I thought this
would be break just outbreak just happen
oh no oh oh I'm screwed oh no I'm gonna
die
oh shit how am I gonna okay we need to
go we need to go we need to go we need
to go we need to go we need to go
all right cool we made it
easy-peasy you pick up was panicking
guys I was the calmest person watching
this video I'm not watching it I'm
making this video anyway that fence is
not gonna last Lee I suggest you get in
the house and find the little girl Oh
someone's shooting zombies that's right
go away go get distracted you stupid
dead people
yeah I'm grating insults aren't I
anyway Lima ji stop taking a week and
get your into the house Maji I'm sorry
hello hello anybody shit look this place
is absolute deserted I must have been
knocked out for a long period of time
because it looks like like things have
gone to shit real quick is the house
open hello yeah you can't just walk into
someone's house looks deserted guys okay
let's go in all right be cautious all
right because they might think I'm a
zombie all right we don't want coming in
hello oh shoot okay don't shoot it's
just a just a man poor need some help
because this leg got hurt all right
I don't know why
one of them or one of them oh shit look
at this place on there's blood
everywhere
all right these people died you can just
tell look at all this blood on the floor
alright I don't know I'm looking for
maybe we should look for emergency
supplies okay he saw the blood there
what an idiot okay anyway sorry
okay let's search the drawers oh did you
hear that that beeping noise was the
answering machine three messages okay
this might give us a bit of story guys
anyway he's not feeling well enough to
drive back tonight so we're staying an
extra day thanks so much for looking
after Clementine and I promise we'll be
back in time before spring break sounds
like God finally I don't know if you
tried to reach us all the calls are
getting dropped
we love you
man that's sad shit okay so this girl
has no pet Oh daddy oh I could be your
daddy Clementine ha ha ha ha so that's
basically the story her parents seem to
have been on vacation and she was being
taken care of a babysitter but with all
this blood here I think something maybe
happen to her babysitter where that
noise come from oh it's a walkie-talkie
hello
Clementine how you doing baby I'm here
what do I say hello hello why don't tell
me to be quiet
it's Clementine I'm joking I don't mean
to Clementine because she's quite
adorable are you okay are you okay oh no
your parents ain't coming home
Clementine we need to go alright just
come with me
oh I'll protect ya okay I know I'm a
stranger all right but I'll protect ya
okay okay I know where your parents are
what's your name what's your name
hi Clementine yam Lee how old are you
how old are you oh oh
37 she's like I don't care how old you
are
we're your parents yeah well I know
where they are we took a trip me with
Sandra the boats
are you safe where are you are you safe
I'm outside in my tree house oh never
smart Dixie can you see me oh I can see
you through the window
are you okay I'm sorry guys I was not
expecting a QuickTime event
I'm sorry I haven't played this game
before I'm sorry that's not gonna kill
up oh my god that's gonna hurt
that's gonna hurt that's got to hurt get
up
it's over I'm sorry anyway uh yeah she's
dead a job done you can hurt me later
hi there Clementine I've killed two
people now did you kill it okay
she seems she just saw me just brutally
murder up but she's like did you get it
I something else do you think something
else did yeah cuz they ain't people ya
think
yeah I heard her scream two nights ago
maybe one of the monsters got her oh
yeah that's probably what happened oh
she's been here for two days
all by yourself through this what the
shit yeah I want my parents to come home
now oh no your parents like common babe
I think that might be a little while
yeah oh oh I'm it happened but I'll look
after you until there's yeah I will look
after you okay what should we do now oh
I feel so sorry for us she's just a
little girl look out for help before it
gets started I think that's what we
should do get out of here once the Sun
Goes Down
no no dark is bad let's go out now find
help before it gets dark for it gets
dark
big delight it's not safe at night it is
not safe or I we need to go now let's go
come on
Oh hold hands go yeah close to me stay
close to me baby girl cuz I'll save you
alright let's go outside be careful for
zombies because that could be everywhere
in anywhere
poor cat poor Clementine alright let's
go baby
alright Clementine don't run off alright
you could die alright stick with me okay
well we go ahead
oh there's two people over here alright
let's see if these guys will help us
okay hey man oh shit oh shit
it's you're gonna hurt you yeah but for
a second you and the little one work
both gonna give us the shot the chump
shut up you chump was going on to hell
this is okay you've seen them then yeah
I've seen them I've killed like two
already to say that I'm Shawn Shawn
green Shawn green I don't care what your
name is
oh I'm Chet checked
clementines are you okay how about you
help us clear the way and we'll take you
and your daughter out of here and down
to my family's farts Oh she'd be safer
there she thinks that her dad on a
babysitter nay but just some guy should
I be honest just some girl just some
guys some guy well I am her she's alone
yep let's get going Stasia should have
lies mistake should I alright what do
you want to do I mean come on copper
Tommy to get a safety your monsters
coming oh shit we gotta go alright let's
push this car come on go everybody run
everybody bust balls just got that gun
everybody that's over now you better
pull that down
get hell out of her zombies are coming
to give us a jump jump on this
Clementine helper now look at the girl
Clementine is also I love her so much
I'm not panicking guys all right get in
the car and drive off bull is soy no
panic all right I said crowded we're
going to these guys some gay
seems like you've saved a bunch of lives
today
woman - what a nice car
all right so they go to this guy's
apartment now all right cool all right
so this game is really slow at times but
then there's some really cool moments
all right so I think there's gonna be a
bit of a slow moment now all right so
just just chill all right you don't have
to watch all this video once you can
come back tomorrow or in next time all
right but I'll try and cut out cut out
all the boring parts so let's go to this
guy's farm it was nice of them to let us
in nice guys okay all right cool
it's a cool looking farm why are they
helping us I don't know but I'll take it
let's be honest all right so these guys
gonna help us out or walk all right
oh shit old man check it out here okay
this is where he'd be bad here too his
dad as usual the past couple days
well Brecon down the way things as mares
gone lame but that ain't nothing new all
right Sean I have made it back without
yet oh I'm glad you took them with you
then
ah Chet is a nice guy all right hello
your boys a lifesaver
your boys are the life circle yeah he
could be a help to somebody
yeah well it's just you and your
daughter then oh not his daughter he's
well just some guy who found her alone
yeah honey do you know this man
what I just said once I just said I
don't know okay then listen this guy
looks like you hurt your leg pretty bad
there yeah I did you're gonna fix up
your pussy yeah it's not doing so good
yeah obviously I mean you know Sean
run on in and check on your sister Oh
sis stop take your seat up on the porch
and I'll go see what I have
okay Corey's gonna patch me up these
guys are nice all right it's good that
humanity is still good people all right
now let's have a look thank you doctor
it's just swollen the hell yeah I was
knocked out for like two days
it hurts like hell it hurts like hell
damn I bet it does yeah what'd you say
your name was
I didn't my name was uh Lee its Lee he
has to make you leave I should be nice
to her green he's letting me in his
house all right he's being nice patching
me up this happened got to be nice
car accident car accident that's the
Trinity so that's so headed before the
car acts uh where why you um just out
home home yeah where's home where's home
grew up and make it we hit a guy one of
those things you've been hearing about
yep on the road who are you with the
girl no I just said I just met her
no nobody it is that so yes it's so what
is why is awesome so many questions for
we that's all that's all up with mine oh
we got another displaced family of three
sleeping in the barn you and your
daughter are welcome to rest there and
we're done here
uh I didn't get your name Darling
Clementine Clementine and imagine what
you've been through Clementine
oh um looking after until we find our
parents hey Dad so I'm thinking
first thing tomorrow we got to reinforce
the fence around the farm yeah sounds
good too that doesn't seem necessary uh
no I should show what you saw on TV or
heard on the radio but there's some
serious shit sometimes like oh she said
sheep your son's right your son's right
you're gonna want to fortify this place
yep stuff like that doesn't happen
around here Sean no I'm serious come on
Lee come on go home what you saw out
there man
a mango run over a dead cop teenage girl
with a good spilled out on the floor
stood up from the dead and tried to bite
me oh shit man I'll do what you think
you should we got plenty of chores as it
is that was the baby those folks in the
barn can help out in the morning we got
to do it really yeah I already said okay
all right well I'm all done here
alright thanks not to feel better
tomorrow bye bye now I mean Thank You
Julie it's hot or the swelling doesn't
go down you're probably dealing with an
infection oh let's not go do we do this
they'll probably just have to shoot you
oh the Carbonite space I'll clean it
redress it and you'll be fine okay okay
that'd be perfect yeah don't joke around
about suing me in the face all right
I'll show you in the face old man all
right so this guy's give me a place to
stay in his barn but
like him or he doesn't trust me I could
tell by the way he's asking me like a
thousand questions but it's okay I'll
stay here for the night smells like poo
poo
we're in a stable shit shit I'm sorry
was this where was this where they said
Clementine if you can't take color what
shit oh don't be low far it's a Fiona
it's very far pretty oh yeah yeah okay
yeah I'm sorry
Oh Clementine don't be sad okay I know
it smells of poo okay and your pewds are
probably somewhere getting their zombie
face chopped off eat it off what a shit
what happened to Lee why was he being
arrested I know he killed someone and
his wife was involved do you think his
wife cheated on him hey hung up him
oh it's lit this guy can achieve from
the view slept in a barn little lady
lucky you don't have spiders in your
hair spiders but I bet your daddy scared
them all away
I'm a dad okay just because we're two
aimsley who's just dumb keep we won't
hear the end of it is that Cal junior
the column duck doe duck duck Duck Duck
yeah nothing bothers him like water off
a duck's back you know that's a valuable
tree please
I can't kiddin but frankly I think it's
because he's dumb as a bag of hammers
yeah he makes up for it with enthusiasm
look at him the word is you were on your
way to making I was the family's from
there yeah no Macon's on the way and
personally I'd appreciate the company of
a guy who can knock a couple of heads
together if he has to oh I lost okay let
me ask my super girl
yes ah got a consult to mrs. hutch I
understand oh honey
duck this is Lee and what's the girl's
name
Clementine sweet is a very pretty name
it's a nice loss he's a comment about
how nice you get to work we've all seen
what those things can do out there so
the faster we get this hard let's look
at the water baby
go away
okay cool everyone's doing shit and I
can actually play in this game let's go
talk to this van I'm pretty sure he
hates me let's be honest you think he
knows I love you should know that if you
weren't leaving with Kenny today I
wouldn't stand for your lack of honesty
last night oh but sir I follow I wasn't
lying where was I dumb I cut you in that
lie last night about who you were with
met Carl oh oh what you mean honestly I
don't even want to know how'd you get
out of Atlanta Lanta I got a ride and
then I was in a wreck yeah to tell you
boy softly hmm well you're no worse for
wear what do you mean that well that's
what's the means the boy is your family
now where's my girlfriend what why you
asking me this while parents are in
Macon yeah was my brother
okay well hope they're all right yeah
yeah yeah but now you've got this little
girl to take care of Clementine is it
why you stumbled up on her why she's got
questions just go away
Oh bigger title was being attacked and
she came to my wrist yes now go away
get off my ass oh can I give you a piece
of advice uh no don't God not be mud
your own business oh I don't know who
you are what you did
let's say things don't get better back
in the cities or they get worse before
they do okay you're gonna have to depend
on the honesty of strangers if you're
gonna make it oh shit those same people
get to questioning yours you're gonna be
in trouble oh oh and trying to be less
of an asshole would serve you just fine
Oh
oh well how's that word Oh No
is it zombies obviously as zombies
alright news guys oh shit
what Leon who is that who is getting
that face dropped off oh no it's this
guy oh shit oh shit
who do we save do we save doc or save
this guy's butt sure
let's just say Doug okay I hate him the
fucking all right screw it saved on come
on
help it have plenty of action okay
everybody
so screw it
all right oh shit oh he's dead he is so
dead
oh no he is gonna be pissed
awkward hello
yeah Oh Oh do it I don't want trouble
okay
mr. bad will go sorry
oh shit sorry oh shit listen he's the
kid you didn't even try to help listen
it's a kid I was worried about a little
boy I thought I could help them vote
yeah you thought wrong listen what you
do John
okay we'll go your son's dead don't
blame on us it's not ask that killed him
it was the bloody zombies it's candy
good into my friend now I saved this son
so thank you then you would hear of shit
Clementine watched everything you've got
that ride to make it if you want okay
all right we better get out of it
all right we just kill this son anyway
could've gone much much worse but who
cares I don't really care do you care I
don't care
all right meanwhile in making bacon
making the bacon make it up me echoing I
tell you one thing I'm making a bacon
all right I'm sorry guys so we're here
with Kenny pearl this is as far as we're
going okay why are we in Macon oh yeah
my family is from Macon that's all I
know so we're gonna look for them I
guess all right into the shitty Macon
town which looks absolutely deserted the
drugstore is that where we need to go
look duck I'll kill you
hey there oh you friendly uh that's the
trucks run out of gas that's a zombie oh
that's a poor top zombie he hired you
oh shit we're screwed Welman always
alive okay go with a gun yeah
oh they lock the gate alright cool
we can't take risks Oh people die either
Buddha's boobies see that door stays
shut no matter what fucking me who you
don't know these people are it could be
dangerous mas all right shut up worse
they put a lot of write to us where the
hell is your humanity
we have kids yeah kiddies I see one
little girl and a boy Oh Oh they've got
kids Lily yes things outside don't care
well maybe you should go join him then
you'll have something in common
oh god damn it Lily she's an also all
these people she's the leader here but
it looks like she's losing control of
her people in my shoes you'd be holy
shit oh no to be a bit shit we let one
end you stupid shit that's the
perception and this girl oh no he's
gonna kill that dead body
oh shit eat one whole Oh No I'm cleaning
him up there's no bite he's fired you
fucking people get it we've already seen
this happen we let someone with a bite
stay and we land the bitch we gotta
throw them out
what do we do about this guy oh shit we
kill him that's what we do dad
it's just it's him or doc
you need to calm laughs we kick his ass
fly away and you shoot off fuck up what
they will find us and they will get in
here and none of this will fucking
matter slag which old man we're about to
be trapped in here with one of those
things plug him what the hell are you
talking about he's bitten that's how
your turn oh he's not British no Billy
stop this it's upsetting oh yes your go
upsetting is getting eaten alive
get it sit down or else in punk he'll
drown yeah you're gonna whoop me yeah
you and what homo right that's good
little boy before you eat your mommy oh
the watch your dad get his nose broken
going to the fight my Helen cat get it
just worry about dumb me oh shit yeah
there's someone in there oh it's just
locked keys behind the counter probably
how do you know that anyway I'm not the
bad guy here
yes she walking out for my daughter no
you're just the guy arguing for killing
a kid yes
covered in muck she'll find the bike
watch she won't yeah if she does oh shit
first thing you'll do is sink his teeth
into his mom's face uh-oh then once
she's dead he'll probably pounce on your
little girl she'll turn fast oh they'll
be three it's a little boy I think we
can handle it a little boy be an
uncontrollable maneater and we're
tossing them out no no um
stop him
not this guy shit
oh no leave whoa now it's close one
don't let that happen again
oh she saved my life okay she saved my
life
oh sorry thanks Lula she's so nice
okay
guys Claremore remember you protected up
Oh
Thank You Glenn all right we need to go
guys help me
hello shut up you shit wait I thought
Kenny was knocked out oh we almost died
because of this bitch and a Richie
trigger finger oh no it's stupid
that was oh shit is that hard that oh I
don't really care he can die don't give
a shit go die old man
I did try to get him to calm down an
asshole misses its heart my pills
nitroglycerin pills yes
we're out we've been trying to get into
the pharmacy since we got here oh that's
why the hair behind a counter where the
pills are okay I'll get your goddamn
pills we'll do it somehow we'll get it
there somehow
thank you so much okay that's okay need
nitroglycerine pills yeah yeah how'd you
the first fucking stupid go keep an eye
on my dad everyone else should get comfy
and look for anything useful I'll be in
here a while
I'm starting to think this drugstore
isn't a permanent solution yeah we'd get
high right insane exactly Fort Knox ha
ha ha jest
way to go as much gas as possible so we
can all get out of downtown make it fast
okay
all right way to get out of it is
there's a motel not too far from here
out towards the end of Peachtree I'll
work my way towards it and then loop
back siphoning what I can't okay yeah
that'd be great
damn that'd be great well it's gotta get
done plus I'm quick and I know make it
yeah born and raised are you gonna do
that here's a walkie-talkie if I get in
the tights
yeah but that's clementines needed oh
it's okay come and tie let's get the
other one check in with her and get back
here as soon as you can okay what's your
name
it's Lily my dad Lily Lily anion
well stupid names we'll work on getting
you your medicine that's right all right
and you you keep an eye on that everyone
calm down our lookout who's this guy you
got it Doug and I'm Carly
call it cake are we you'll shit in with
Doug when he needs it for now get some
rest
you're a good shot and I'd like to keep
it that way all right you got it boss
okay we've all calmed down down those
pills all right we're gonna get the
pills we're gonna get the gas and we're
gonna leave this shithole place okay all
right to get to the pharmacy we have to
go through the office okay let's go oh
shit
what up in here
she why is it so sad I don't get it did
I know waking it I can't think about
them in here whoa who's then what whose
then
did
picture
is that my family look that's me on the
left and there's my mom dad and brother
oh shit this is their store
whoa why doesn't he not want everyone to
know anything oh no nothing
I felt on this place might help us track
down the keys to the office yeah I know
who you are
Oh nearly Everett you're a professor at
Athens who killed the state senator who
was sleeping with your wife oh this is
your parents store folks around town
know the owner's son got himself a life
sentence but I'm a reporter for wabe in
Atlanta I paid attention to that trial
maybe you're a murderer but I don't
really care frankly that's a skill that
might come in handy so that's what
happened to me did you tell anyone out
there who you were or that you were tied
to this place no the world is ending out
there who cares Who I am
yeah Oh kids I don't think people will
find any reason to turn on you
especially when the shit hits the fan
you're insane whatever most you seem
like an okay guy and the last thing we
need is drama out there you've got this
little girl to take care of him yeah I
do look don't make me wrong on this
oh no plant good because of this last
longer than a few days and you're a
detriment to the group then we'd have a
problem
thank you oh shit I'll just keep it to
myself do we trust her I mean
I do trust her she saved my life Thanks
all right thank her don't worry about it
oh okay Carly she she's an okay girl
she's saved my life all right I think
I've got to be nice to work all right we
have to go through there but we got to
move all this shit first okay that's fun
all guys watch me move this shit oh so
it's gonna be so entertaining what's
that a walking stick around here on it
from time to time was he sick uh he was
okay
I actually saw him whoops shoplifters
with this canes protected this place
better than any guard dog ever oh let's
go it's not oh we need to track down the
keys if we're gonna help well that's
fine I got off line the keys what what's
in the jewel to murder it's too big okay
why is it useful I don't know okay who
do I talk to fuss this talk to Doug
hello to see Nene hello
nothing luckily wanna step outside have
a look around
ah that's suicidal yet no the gate out
there is closed we can hang out in front
of the store and be fine okay
oh sure let's go let's go have a look
around yeah and we'll keep it down don't
need to bring them back this way with
any unnecessary noises okay agreed all
scary
nothing a good face is like I'm worried
oh no it's full of people oh that's bad
hello oh shit that guy's dead just they
just eat eggs like to eat you and
whatever's left comes back is one of
them damn damn damn damn alright so why
did I come out here again wait what's
this
trapped Walker what's this that guy over
there's of geez wait how's he know sure
I found this in the office that boy in
the photo worked here that he's being on
here missus good Abed as working man
that's my brother green just need to
figure out how to get it out there oh
maybe there's a way to distract them and
buy you some time
buy you some time I can use that the
remote that I found in the office for
those TVs wait can I ready ok look you
can do anything with this I could do
what's that what
it's universal I can program it to work
with those TVs across this what just
like the Power Stone
wha no he cannot no you just do this
there's no way I memorized all the codes
when I was in AV
let's try bullshit okay then no no what
no there's no way that a remote could do
that okay I'll believe that shit I'm
still interned ugh well done Duggan's
won't save her life all that dork
nonsense I think I get distracted now oh
I guess they did they say well show you
with them to take notice
okay that's great but not enough all
right leave it don't copy what I'm
saying now let's do B shit but hello
you're a pretty good show well you don't
fuck with a reporter especially one
that's three days out from her last cup
of coffee ha ha funny you ready to head
out you got it you wait what where we go
yeah let's go oh shit
wait where are we going oh we got to
look for gas right wait wait wait wait
wait why are we going
wait whoa oh shit why are we going are
we meeting up with the other boy wait
wait why are we here again
oh we're wait are we I've noticed going
on sorry guys did you see that
oh shit why are we here
Oh oh shit
it's Glenn okay so we're made up McLaren
wasn't so hard
can we get out of here before any of
these things notice us not yet there's a
survivor trapped up there Oh she'll wait
we gotta go now
no I was out here looking for gas and
then up there in the corner room I heard
crying coming from inside should we say
that's it it's a girl we talked and she
got frightened I was trying to get in to
help her and she started yelling and
saying that I was bitten uh-huh I tried
to convince her I wasn't and that's what
all these guys came out of the forest oh
damn lucky you
now let's go we can't just leave no we
can't do right we can damn right we can
leave without you yeah no bother if it
was you yes Glenn you sexy man Steve
Glenn's damsel in distress
blood all right you ladies man oh shit
we got to save these guys what do we do
oh oh oh this is bad bad bad bad news
how the hell did we get all the way over
there well this is not gonna be easy
okay Blair no no
so we have to kill every one of them in
the diam quietly noise attracts these
things yeah no he's a gun he's a stupid
cow alright so huh how the hell we gonna
do this shit man
hey guys I'm gonna skip some of this bit
because I got really confused and I
didn't know what to do and I spent way
too long doing it so basically there was
an ice pick in this car okay and to
break the glass quietly we had to get
into the other car but first let to kill
that zombie so we found a pillow and we
shot the zombie through the pillow then
in the other car we found this thing
which allows us to break the window and
get the ice pick then we use the car to
cross the zombie that's about it okay
let's carry on
hello mr. zombie mind if I uh good thing
oh bloody hell
now we've got this are you doing okay
alright now we can grab a sledge hammer
which is the real weapon amen
now we're gonna just chop them up here
literally so happy that he's guys good
time axe he's not yeah I'm gonna access
shit alleys to zombies alright now easy
does it
alright yeah these guys behind you come
on baby
chop the shit out of it yeah jump jump
jump took his head he's just like dad
who the hell says right anymore
come on Glenn you piece of shit alright
anyway are we gonna help this go should
we talk to her first
hello in there we're here to help oh no
guys in a minute if you open up we can
take you somewhere safer we've got a
group in town she's in trouble miss
we're coming in why does she why does
she want help oh god I think this is bad
guys do you think she's like a zombie
maybe she oh shit I don't think we
should do this this is suspicious I
don't know something suspicious
okay she's coming out the closet I mean
coming out of the room
hello what's wrong with you girl what's
wrong shit she gone today to help it's
too late guys
she's been bitten what I told you I said
go away I'm bit no killer what's called
dirt you could be fine I won't be fine
my boyfriend was bitten you get sick and
you die and you come back and you kill
anything you can fuck yeah we know how
zombies work are we gonna kill our
friend it's not Christian well he just
leave me please go what Christian we
should kill up CIRA kill her
oh no she sees the gun boy they said
don't touch the gun so so borrow it
no you mean buyers my gun give it to me
I can just you know ok ok you stupid
little go you can't have the gun you're
gonna die by us I can't let you do that
to yourself
yeah enjoy it for me we need to get
going do we do it
this is crazy crazy let's step back
poppy it's pappagiorgio seconds just one
bullet though and I could be with my
family
oh noes back up oh oh my god they're
gone it's lit come on grab the gun me Oh
No
is everyone okay no one's hurt Oh oh
she's got the god
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
miss whoa just relax relax your daughter
doing this to put this through just your
relaxed fine doctor find you out don't
die okay okay let's just
dile dile I'm gonna throw let's get out
of here we spent all this time trying to
save this girl just so she could go kill
herself all right what's not really
watching now the butcher zombies coming
okay what was the point in happening
just one back home what we've got the
clock all right well that was a complete
waste of my time yeah we had some close
calls but Glenn is fine and great oh
yeah how great that was a great great
white chicken in the trunk of my car oh
okay good to hear it we get back here
why yeah your friend is doing an atom
you won't survive any more stress our
share of business is getting those pills
okay Pharmacy so we got the gas now I
need the pills all right so this gates
locked but I now have a sledgehammer
maybe I couldn't break it open easy whoa
okay that was big decision now my plan
is to grab the brake and throw it at
that window grab the Brig
throw it at the window easy easy easy
is that distracting enough they're all
getting distracted okay good good good
good
now stick now's our chance we to get the
keys off of my dead brother now return
now's the time motherfucker
run run run don't just walk run careful
be careful shut up you stupid pussy
what'd you do it alright I go do
everything all right cuz least a badass
alright Lee could do it no one else can
Oh God
my brother that's sad alright dead
brother all right
Ollie am I gonna kill him I'm gonna kill
out he's already dead see you later
brother see you later okay and again
okay he's still alive one more for luck
alright now he's dead right damn that's
hardcore
alright they're dead get the keys and
let's go oh shit ill okay we've got the
keys we go we can now go to the pharmacy
and save that old man even though I hate
him oh shit run No
the gates unlocked as well guys we can't
lock the gate as we broke the lock oh
shit that's not gonna hold well then
we're screwed
are we okay man that was close
ahh did it okay
okay I got the keys keys yeah great god
you're amazing I am amazed let's get in
thank you okay let's go and touch the
goddamn thing I love the music to this
game it's so cute
okay oh no oh no hurry it was the law it
was a I was alone oh no oh no that's
gonna wake up everyone that's gonna wake
up everyone and we're all going to die
in its goddamn drugstore
oh oh oh that's it they're old carpet oh
no oh shit look look we gotta go come on
everyone's like everyone's go crazy I
don't give a shit about your dad come on
go
don't take junk into the office and
barricade the living hell out of the
door behind okay all right you got it
Doug Carly and Leigh you guys make sure
our defenses stay up till then okay wait
I better take that axe in case I run
into any of them on the way to my truck
all right
oh oh
you three get on it oh shit
what do I do
go get what the pain Oh
go put it oh please gonna sacrifice
himself
smart smart guns
I'm shaking spike
oh no epic slow motion who are you we
only slow
oh you're gonna make me choose
oh no oh no oh no duck or Carly well
Carly saved my life
but Doug's smart and shit but car these
sakes okay I made it I made a mistake
let me okay I met decision we're gonna
save Carly
all right Golf
Oh give up let's go wait to go shit
don't you yes you literally a good
friend especially a good friend he
called me a good friend whoa punch me
who would do that he just killed me what
he basically just murdered me just then
that's what he just did damn that guy's
an asshole
can we kill him now I decide to kill him
now oh oh oh we're draggin zombies off I
thought he came back alive
okay so we're staying at the motel that
we once was I mean what what once was
where we just were we're staying there
now does that he just killed me
why'd it punch me to think he knows that
I'm a murderer he probably does just be
honest shit okay well at least we're
safe are we safer I don't even know okay
so I'm guessing about this whole game in
general the story is I'm not sure what
story there is oh god screaming and
gunshots are sad I mean we don't know
where Clem's parents is are we gonna
find Clem's parents I don't know guys
I'm quite confused very good
hey glad no I think I need to go that's
why he was gonna go to would learn yeah
I got friends there I just can't stay
here knowing that they could be trapped
in this all glass sounds like nobody
knows
happen again when we left a few days ago
could have gone either way I gotta take
my chances I think that's the wrong call
you got to do what you got to do I told
him to go but I think he's got to do
what he's got to do find your friends
your friends see thanks Lee that means a
lot
oh I don't mean to abandon you all but
this seems like an okay setup and I'm
sure things will be back to normal
around here in no time
let's hope you guys be safe Oh
see you later Len he's leaving us to
save his friends she can't save everyone
can't save everyone Glen all right bye
Glen bye bye see you later
I probably would never see you again but
bye bye bye yeah thank you again
close call back close now yeah thanks
for saving me yeah he saved my life
they take care of each other yeah we do
we do I mentioned you gotta ask yourself
what you're gonna do if clementines
parents don't show uh-huh yeah you did
you think that's gonna happen
her parents showed up well I want you to
know that I think you've got it in you
oh I think you can take care of that
little girl just fine thank you thanks
Gary you got it Oh kiss on Mary's I love
him he's like my best friend in this
Dombey apocalypse world hello how are
you doing curly
I'm okay you know considering okay yeah
I saved a life my head stopped thinking
about Doug oh and I've saved him could
we don't think so happen pretty fish
yeah I know it's stupid we just met and
he was such a it's just that I think
that I liked him oh I'm sure he liked
you too well I'm sure he liked you too
you better have anyway I'd rather be
alone I think oh she says she acts like
she's sad by rote she's wicked know what
is it yeah how did you choose
we both needed you you picked me oh I
don't know well you saved my life I was
gonna help you both ah sometimes we
don't make choices we just do what we do
I just wish we both could have made it
you know yeah I'm too girly well dogs
dead who gives a shit
I don't give a shit look at this little
shit staring at me Oh kill him all right
that's my word that I'll kill he knows
that knowing it was shit I grabbed again
oh I was there though I felt and my
walkie-talkie bro Oh Glenn had the other
one oh I'm sorry Bob I'm sorry
cuz that's what she needs to find a pair
I'll just keep this one again come here
first oh she was a Scott you know he's a
bad little shit cuz his father's inbred
shut up doc you jet what do you want
yeah what do you want you like my
daughter
well I adore her dad tried to kill me
well he did that because he knows that
Lee Everett is a convicted murderer he
knows and so all everyone else if you go
near her
oh you hear me you hear me I'll kill you
kill him kill him I know who you are
Oh know who you don't give a shit about
what happens to you but if anything
happens to my daughter or that little
girl you've got with you you watch your
ass you watch your ass I won't go down
kill him I oh you have my word leave
do you have a second second why is it no
one talked to me looking at you big nose
ugly stray my dad would be dead if it
weren't for you I would be dead if it
was well you're not dead because of me
you can't be like that you're only one
man yeah yeah yeah I don't know we're
lucky to have you
yeah you are actually
okay I hope that's the sound of us
winning this thing
me too this motor ends pretty damn
defendable we block off the entrances
with some cars keep someone on watch we
could stay here until the military role
sounds like a good plan I actually agree
with that plan yeah me too
main threats we got a third and most
importantly we got light they're worse
places to call home yep yeah you're
right
it's going score to be okay
Oh Oh
we just lost the electricity to be good
Daniel but I won't know what happens
okay guys that was the pilot episode of
The Walking Dead I'm not sure if you
guys want to see more this was like a
really long video and I'm not sure if
you guys will be committed I'm not
playing to upload it that regularly I
was thinking once a week but I don't
know it all depends on your support I
did set the like goal of 20,000 likes
and if we do reach it I will upload
another video on this I really hope you
guys get behind the series because it
gets really emotional I'm really crazy
later on anyway I'm rambling thank you
guys so much for spending this time with
me and I'll see you hopefully in the
next episode see you later guys I love
you ba ba
