once upon a time there was a young boy
called shrank shirk wanted to be in a
video game
I want to quake my own video game so
then they created a game who Shrek
extra-large critics rated it very lowly
lolis not a watch but they did but Shrek
didn't care as he finally got his wish
that he would one day have a video game
all to itself Shrek extra large okay
well that was Steven poor the hello
everyone how is everyone doing is master
selfish today not even joking we are
playing Shrek the video game Shrek the
official video game and I was just
thinking I didn't know this existed
either but yes there is an official
Shrek game came out on the Xbox that got
Bri released on the Nintendo GameCube it
was a launch title for the Xbox and
apparently it was a piece of goddamn
shit sixteen years ago this made with
game what holy shit shrek is 16 years
old
anyway I'm keeping up with the kids
people still like Shrek means right
lalala oh well up oh god just look at
the title screen and a shit
press Start it's gonna be around a but
throughout this game alright nice
loading screen loading game I wanna hope
so who press the Z button to get a
closer look okay
meet me at the okay this is the game I
just throws me straight in Shrek is that
you Oh God look at him not the best
track model I've ever seen okay
just look so bad alright this is 60
years ago this list how bad this game is
all right what's the buttons I can
Crouch okay oh my god look out fast
truck is all right Shrek you're not
bloody sonic sonic means a slow 2009
look at stress habits Oh God so bad it
doesn't even look anything like straight
I'm terrible this is a brick things were
so bad you guys have no idea how lucky
you guys are with a game you got now I
found on the web so can you give me a
shrink reference all right Shrek says to
donkey
why are you following me and then donkey
goes oh I'll tell you why cuz I'm all
alone there's no one here but sound
oorah well it's no wonder you don't have
an F in friends alright second Krauts
where else can I do
kicking I can what is that grab I can
kick bloody how strict they're gonna go
Can I grab the chicken oh fuck again
what I need do any mess one get the shit
out of it not even joking there's a
bloody fart on I'm now on the same
assault game we're playing right now
there is also up up but a fart button
and a bloody butt buttered Wow
I could let you just fam the buff on
please don't click away from the video
guys I'm sure I get better what how do I
do I'm guessing this my swamp can I go
in it
no I kick him come here alright you're
coming with me where the hell do we go
pick up ticket what can i grab chicken
so stupid do I go in here what do I do
oh no you don't go back to the dragging
mirror piss off the polka to me hey
Shrek come up here high jump again to do
a wall jump I woke up amazing alright
come on Rita wow this looks amazing
why the hell does shrek have a combat
arena in his own house I press Y to
punch straight on or no no gah or normal
all right let's grab and work there we
go Oh fulfil your gas meter eat some of
those onions to fill my gas eater eat
onions to fill my gas meter I'm getting
the gas by pressing the power button
slightly you can stun your enemies by
expelling gas upon them of course I
can't eat a chili pepper and press the r
button all the way to burp flames eat a
chili pepper too but flames I do not
remember shrek doing any of this okay
okay
Shrek became a dragon are you kidding
this game so weird I could just create
explosives I don't know hi tutorials
over now there is a story with this but
I can't show cutscene for some reason
some woman called the ice cream ice
cream for some reason some woman called
the ice queen teleported to a house
abducted Fiona and now I have to go hunt
her down for some reason I don't get it
either
alright so level 1 is the enchanted
forest I'm excited oh god I'm becoming
like Shrek what are you doing in ice
jobs don't get nice cutscene Shrek
waddling over your candy from me - it's
like Shrek like ok see you later
I want my basket with candy back oh no
I'll help you if you'll help me
he said if you set that why don't you
show me saying that they what
hire a voice actor that sound like Shrek
so is there getting me this stupid woman
to tell me in a book Oh finally some gay
music mom well oh oh please kill me
alright so I found though red
riding-hood and she wants me to find a
basket I don't know what's going on
all those people here are they friendly
Cleo oh is attacking me oh the game up
is greener Shrek crying this game so sad
why does why does nobody like the smelly
ogre can he's got to keep following me
pick up you shit how rude you know one
kicking me before you shit
I found an easter egg it was literally
just so egg Can I grab a fruit don't
call me a prude you from taking it back
to my swamp where I can have my ogre
hand on ya I know who these guys are but
they all look the same and I just wasn't
dead anyway
what the shit am i supposed to be doing
in order to get help I have to eat those
heart that's nice I'm a monster cookie
what we want to have a nibble at the
gingerbread house have a get help I copy
the Shannara Grail piss off don't follow
me eat this chicken instead are you got
you're too fat for candy
what does in that is that meant to be
the troll in fact what am I looking at
right now it's like a barrel with length
and a club and a piece of shit on its
head gosh right you get bit about just
keep trying keep trying Shrek now shrek
sad I need to get Hansel and Gretel past
the bridge past this troll and I'm
guessing I kick that tree down there
because it seems to be standing ha ha I
love my perp ability but I feel like I'm
not using an ax this game so shit dick a
troll
don't fold out Richard on the first
level and I feel like I don't want to
play anymore
Irish wreck be careful don't fall down
if he's shit no I gotta get past these
guys shooting arrows for some reason do
I get hurt I was get an arrow in my in
my neck oh I died I pull this lever oh
ok Fiona knows somewhere being captured
by the frozen ice queen shit and I'm
just here eatin onions and burping and
farting all goose I like layers now I'm
in a random tunnel but I've least have
got a chicken now I kick it'll be here
Oh
I like onion what is going on I feel
like this game would be a lot more epic
if there was a big indiana jones boulder
coming after me Oh watch your life what
we going here chili pepper and it looks
like TNT so to blow up the TNT I'm
guessing I eat this chili pepper I
thought and then I explode the TNT yeah
that that that did the trick
all right there's a gingerbread house we
have to get Hansel and Gretel over to
this tree it's falling there we go
yay all right Hansel and Gretel your fat
shit let's go now follow me closely all
right I don't need to fall down on this
narrow path all right and so where's
Greta lap girl you please a shit I where
you running up to all right we need to
go across this very small path you stop
pushing me you piece of shit don't pop
fuck hey bro you piece of shit I got a
pretty shy here we are the candy house
from Hansel and Gretel good job
yay nice cut see you show me an onion
okay this is the door meant to open with
my magical but fart explosion so I grab
this chili I run all the way over to the
door they didn't put chili into the door
okay I got a run all the way here and
then I've got one second
- but and fuck and then exploded the
door off okay what are you showing right
now a cutscene of a bottle and some
candy what most likely the merry men had
spread it out all over the woods
why was the merry men cake up Oscar and
then spread it around the wood Shrek you
found an underground cave with gold
everywhere
okay you could be a goddamn billionaire
forget we own all right if you burp
you're fired for at this video give it a
like
alright Shrek did I don't know where the
candy is oh it was right there games
back in the day were harder than my
something that's dog I was going to say
Mike yeah I caught all the things I'm
alright anyway I'm just going to do one
more level I'm not playing this shitty
game alright it's too weird for me okay
I like to a mother Goose land let's see
what this levels like Shrek waddles on
to mollify Anoka
who's stupider
all right but look at this marry place
how wonderful it looks we've got men
with a flick horses
Josh and okay charge con comment comment
okay what I don't understand about this
game is that I don't know what to do
they don't say oh go to this place and
do this
are you just wait to explore shit and
fine now it's not Humpty Dumpty look a
monkey does pima county dump these baby
to go Humpty Dumpty I'm guessing he's
friendly ah
dusty just beat the shit out of me what
the hell
wait so Humpty Dumpty's an enemy now can
I beat the shit out of grabbin I did
grab up the dusty hit command-d dum dee
I'm having omelette for breakfast Humpty
Dumpty fell on the wall Humpty Dumpty
had a great fall getting spikes like the
shit out of it Can I grab a skid okay
like a drug can you put me down give me
back to my baby please okay put them
down no I'll beat the shit out of your
kids Humpty Dumpty this game is so weird
okay what's this hey you there would you
mind getting my children for me please
okay
oh I'm those your children my egg kids
have been tricked by that wicked Humpty
Dumpty character Oh No so those whatever
hope lead up these kids they were this
goose and the goose had a very weird
British accent for some reason all right
stupid Humpty Dumpty's children's or I'm
gonna grab a but he's like oh give me
back my kid when you're doing it it's
annoying
you've got your kids chop it up this
delayed up at my Shrek lines up the shot
you go for it
these peoples it around Oh Oh God there
we go good job I returned the talking
eggs to a goose I'm sure a strong smelly
ogre like you can settings right here
call me smelly you believe I know
people's just as charming as Shrek could
imagine
Bo Peep you're coming back to my swamp
rabbit of onion then if you know what I
mean
who's this guy forward to putting that
cutscene give her some gas in the face
and she'll follow your lead no doubt
give us some gas in the face and should
follow your lead no doubt so I have to
get a cow alright which only comes at
midnight but instead of waiting for
midnight you're going to punch a clock
so it seems like it's midnight and then
you want me to fall in this cow space
anyway I gotta grab the sheet all right
and protect it from the wolf why is it
work with bees oh well go ahead this
Timberwolves jumping in and taking my
sheep hey you're just both gonna die
because Shrek could do this forever I'll
be dead
are you kidding me this shit was stuck
in here this whole time
for goodness sake stupid piece of shit
wolf I spent like 10 minutes right to
find this dumb sheep oh my god I did a
good job yeah you happy you dumb shit
pick up you stupid girls all right all
McDonald and it's stupid farm like kick
the shit out of it or he wants me to
punch a clock tower to make it nighttime
or that actually work all right here's
the clock tower what do I do
kick it and now it's nighttime that's
how time works
night falls Cedric to himself why would
someone say night falls
okay time's running out because night
time is only like a minute long
apparently in this world at this the cow
is the cow dancing why is the cows
dancing you like my thoughts okay
farting on the cow made me complete the
mission I don't wake these gods up by
ringing the towers one two boom I did it
I've got a fire punch apparently if I
hold down why you gotta be kidding me
the only thing that happens is it is my
hand becomes red then thing different
happen if I him great no ok guys with
that being said I think you get the gist
of this game a very very weird game
alright this is the official Shrek game
alright no wonder why they didn't make a
sequel to this game because even for 16
years ago this games a piece of shit
anyway guys be sure to leave a like
let's try and hit 10,000 if we do I
think I might do more old games in the
future I've been thinking of making a
simpsons hit and run video now that's a
really good old game if you guys want to
see that
leave a like let's try
10,000 anyway guys thank you so much for
watching I'm sorry this video was shit
but this game was shit alright so it's
not my fault thanks I was watching I'll
see you guys later
good bye Shrek Shrek Shrek Shrek Shrek
Shrek Shrek Shrek Shrek Shrek Shrek
Shrek Shrek Shrek Shrek Shrek Shrek
Shrek Shrek Shrek Shrek Shrek Shrek
Shrek Shrek Shrek Shrek Shrek Shrek
Shrek Shrek Shrek Shrek Shrek Shrek no
one told ye but to guard a hare friend
okay alright I love that okay so just go
seaman without even realizing I think I
did
