hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mesh yourself there and today ladies
Gemini you can see the smile on my face
okay because as you can see I am back in
England all right back in my beautiful
setup oh my goodness I had missed this
all right
so I am so sorry for the lack of videos
and for the amount of like shitty ass
videos that I've made recently okay so I
will make another separate video
explaining basically what's going on in
my life right now basically long story
short I am moving countries but I will
get on that in another video okay so
basically at the moment I just got back
from England all right and I got home
the other day and I saw this random ass
cat this cat which I have never seen
before
bloody sleeping in my bloody house okay
I don't know whose cat this is is okay
he's got a goddamn collar on his neck
all right
he does not look like a stray cat
alright so yeah I was thinking all right
is this could this be another another
another repetition of a pregnant cat
coming to our house and giving birth to
kittens if you guys didn't know that
happened two years ago okay and this cat
is pretty fat and I'm pretty sure it's
also a woman and I'm not gonna lie it
could also be pregnant I love this cat
there's many cat guys what should I name
this cat I think I join a mat rocky -
after the legacy of Rocky question piece
I love him okay so this cat has a collar
look I was like a red collar look right
here so it has an owner so we can't just
steal this cap bar I don't know why this
cats coming here maybe the owners just
don't love him or love her I think it's
a girl actually
I mean she's quite she's so soft this is
a house cat like this is a cat that's
been you know groomed well and brought
up in like a nice home not like a
scruffy keep the
yeah this is a cattle love scones I've
never seen a cat so loving even mrs.
meowingtons wasn't this loving you know
like she just wanted to like you didn't
we didn't you know if we didn't pick her
up or pet or anything like that okay so
this cat is just like I don't know whose
cat this is it's so funny
he's now okay he's first started coming
into our house and eating our food and I
was like okay all right fine it's just
it's just a cat that just want some food
that's fine that's normal but but now
he's sitting in my cat seat and where is
Mike actually oh my god
meanwhile it's like come on brand just
let me know ready
Oh kitty I'm so sorry Oh kitty he feels
so betrayed
oh he feels so betrayed guys oh man he
really he really feels really feels bad
the new cat I'm sorry kitty kitty is sad
and upset Oh pick up kitty he needs some
fast mom Oh kitty doesn't want to be her
health man I think he's upset at me I
think he's like really upset that I'm
making so much fuss of the new cat oh he
doesn't want to be held
oh poor kitty I'm sorry kitty
we still love you it's okay it's okay
kitty all right I'm gonna return this
cat to its owner and you're gonna be the
number one cat again
okay so don't worry kitty we love you
you will always be the best kitty you
know it's your friend this cat is your
little friend I mean it's just chilling
here
tonight you're gonna be our cat
and then tomorrow we're gonna return
this cat to back to its owner because
yeah we can't really keep this cat oh
okay we're heading off to now yeah we
can't really keep this cat because you
know it's not our car you know the owner
must be thinking oh no like way
so I think we're gonna like live like
vlog going to the vet and you know
getting a scan for a chip because if the
owner was was responsible and I think
the owner is responsible because this
hat is so well groomed and fluffy you
know like and it has a collar and
everything so clearly the clearly
clearly the owners care about this cap
so it must have an owner listed and that
owner is probably worried about this cat
maybe like I've got new neighbors in the
neighborhood and because like they
brought their cat into this new
neighborhood now you know this cat is
you know run away because he's like oh
shit I'm not home and now he's found us
and now he's like you know like the
setup here is pretty good look you've
got your cat food here and everything
and like a bed right here you know this
is a great setup for a cat you know
kitty you have it so lucky and you
didn't you and like you don't even
appreciate it this cat appreciates all
the love that we give you but you just
like taken for granted you little shit
nah poor kitty okay so tonight I'm here
to just chill with this cat but tomorrow
guys we're gonna go to the vet okay
we're gonna feed the cat all right come
on would be like he's only here for
tonight all right we've got to make sure
he's well fed okay the reason why he
wants to be here is cuz he's got great
food you know but don't worry I'm
feeding kitty - all right kid he's
probably upset that we took his bowl
well this new cat took his bowl but at
least they both get in food you know I
think they're good friends I think my
cat is a very friendly cat you know like
he he he plays a lot with other cats you
know like he's quite friendly to all the
neighborhood cats like I live in a
neighborhood where it's like a lots and
lots of houses so I get lots of life
friendly like house cats around the
neighborhood you know you walk around my
neighborhood you'll see like 20 cats
just all chillin and hanging out and now
we got this new cat like if you remember
guys from last year when you know a
stray cat a pregnant stray cat came into
our house you know and it gave birth to
kittens you know so yeah this cat could
do that too
probably not we'll find that more and
when we go to the vet tomorrow yeah for
the meantime you bet you eat good cat
you eat good man you're the best cat
ever you're the dream cat why can't you
be more like this kiddy all right all
right he doesn't want me he's camera shy
this is why this cat so much better look
at him he's just so fluffy and he then
loves food and I love him okay
okay new kitty he's gone now behind my
so far now
it's just kept behind my sofa now oh
okay there it is
all right this cat is now behind my sofa
oh okay there he is
okay can you come out can you get out of
and behind the sofa whose car is this
I don't know who's got this is whose cat
thinks it's okay to just go and climb
behind my sofa like that like I don't
know who this cat is but like who who's
I don't know it's scared it off because
they keep the food yeah I mean I'm not
actually taking the cat you know this
cat just keeps coming back you know we
don't let it in our house but you know
what do we do with it you know do we let
it into our house okay I think it's kind
of scared now because of the sofa thing
but Jesus Christ okay if it comes back
tomorrow guys I'll take it to the vet if
not it'll be the end of the video but I
mean if you're watching this video then
probably most definitely it's coming
back tomorrow all right
see you tomorrow okay time is now 10 15
the cat's still with us
cat meow I think you need to go home to
your owner wherever they live I don't
know where they live wait what cats do
at night or anything like that this cat
just wants cuddles just let me talk to
you for a sec yeah but cat you need to
go home now how you even got into my
house how did you get in my house right
now
did I let you in by accident I'm sorry I
just can't resist okay it's the morning
now and the cat I'm trying to record
videos right now but the cats like just
chilling on the floor I mean like
Lines's just can't wanna go home or
should I just keep this cat I don't know
what to do kitty you have an owner what
if what if this owner is like a little
girl and she's like wanting to have her
cat back but I've just got her cat you
know kitty I know you didn't like your
owner and you
away from home but you can't stay here
this isn't your house you know that
right
he's so cute though I got no but okay
I'm not even sure this is a boy or a
girl do you guys think it's a boy or a
girl guess right now I'm thinking it's a
girl all right but because look at the
belly do you guys think she's pregnant I
mean I think up that he's quite big but
I don't know are you pregnant
what you want more kitten Skippy all
right so we booked an appointment with
the vet so we're gonna take this cat to
the vet and you know see if she has an
owner and if she doesn't well she does
but if she does it and then we're gonna
keep her but I'm pretty sure we're not
gonna keep us oh my god kitty what is my
cat doing on my roof
kitty how how is that even possible
he usually goes on the roof here get up
here
Oh kid - you're an idiot oh my god okay
so I just never happened before but my
cat isn't actually on the roof look okay
easily like hide on this roof but he's
gotten to this roof so he's never done
this before
he's probably doing in protest because
he's jealous about this other cat but I
at least get them down okay so if you
come over here we've quite a ladder so
maybe I should try and take this ladder
and put it on that roof and go up there
but will it be tall enough I don't think
it will do you think what we should just
do think we should bring the fire
brigade or so that's why I think we
should be like actually faking I think
they can save kepts right I mean you see
in my movie what I was just a joke or I
mean you know I thought it was Annie
when fire brigade could actually rescue
cats let me try to make it myself but my
ladders not long enough I'll call the
fire brigade I think we need to fight I
don't trust that ladder okay so I'm on
the roof now trying to save my cat
instead of for calling the fire brigade
so I've stopped this ladder he doesn't
look very sturdy so I could even die but
who cares I can see him he's he's there
is he coming he's coming kitty come out
get he don't jump please you've got so
much to live for please I wasn't filming
it because I don't want to make sure I
wasn't gonna die but the cat was on the
roof and I grabbed it by the head and
it's safe on the window now see this is
all your fault you dumb cat what are you
still doing here
you know you're the reason why Kitty got
jealous and thought he needed to go on
the roof in order to make you feel like
it kitty there you are kitty kitty why
did you go on the roof you're not hard
it is you stressing me out so much we
have to get a ladder out and everything
kitty you scared me what was wrong with
you you dumb cat okay so it's the now
like what day three of this cat and it
just thinks that it's okay that just you
know sleep on my sofa so we've got the
pet carrier here we're gonna take it to
the vet now see if it has an owner if it
does they'll give it back to the owner
or maybe we might have to do I don't
know but this little cut as much as I
love it it's gotta go okay kitty come on
let's go let's take you back I'm gonna
miss you where Oh
kitty I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm gonna I'm
gonna get I'm gonna take you home kitty
I love you okay guys and then after that
clip I then took this dumbass cat to the
vet we actually found out it wasn't a
girl and it wasn't pregnant it was
actually a boy all right initially I
thought it was a girl because you know
it was getting quite sensitive about its
belly and stuff like that turns out it's
just it's just a guy all right so yeah
so the own so the vet actually told us
that they don't that this cat doesn't
have a chip meaning we don't know who
the owner is still so I wanted to make a
video you know like returning this cat
back to its owner and everything but
like the dumbest owner didn't even care
enough for this cat to put a chip in it
so now we don't know who
owner is okay so yeah I'm making this
YouTube video today to let you know
someone out there know you know that I
got your cat okay you know I've got your
goddamn cat alright your cat won't leave
my house alright he thinks he's just my
cat now and you know if this is your cat
you know please come and get your cat
okay because I don't want to look at in
my house anymore
get this dumbass cat out of it okay all
right you think this is a bloody cat I'm
running like just some stray cats could
just come into my house and eat my food
and sleep on my cat's bed alright
alright anyway
alright I'm gonna end the video there
guys alright I hope you appreciated this
like mini vlog you know that I thought I
would do you know a pretty interesting
thing that's happened to me you know
while I've been in England but yeah
thank you guys so much for watching
if you guys want me to keep you guys
updated on the progress of this cat you
know maybe the owner does come back
alright leave a like okay
but yeah anyway guys thank you so much
for watching I'll see you in the next
video oh I got a hiccup but bye oh god
