you know the wishy-washy yeah
we are howl our new money gosh darn it
my oh my I can't believe I caught us
sleeping with another guy hello everyone
how is everyone doing his best self here
baby
today we are back with that iPad again
all right now today's video lays German
I am going to be playing school related
games so I tried to find some school
related games and most of them are for
little girls first thing that popped up
is something called school crush it's
about a girl having a school crush the
little picture is a girl kissing a boy I
don't know why girl games are obsessed
about kissing boys but okay let's just
play don't ask me why I'm playing this
high school crush my first love send me
notifications what what an art are you
going to notify me about
oh my crush is gonna kiss me in five
minutes alright alright first things
first
great tunes oh look at that a little bit
of a booty bump I think these two like
each other oh she's like yeah yeah
alright am I lost by this stupid shit
alright this games like The Sims but a
piece of shit oh this is very important
do we go with the green dress ah Oh
what's this I got 35 pointings
hey I don't like the green one let's try
the blue cheerleader one oh listen go
there children dying in Africa who could
eat these clothes
what about this blue raincoat oh oh I
got a level one and a present from Santa
oh five love hearts so much stuff is
going on this game is the best game of
the year oh I don't really do much what
do I do now oh I guess I'm done ready
for school first day of school don't be
scared of first day of school guys what
could go wrong
oh you could get ads on the front door
the music so sad
it was little Isabel's first day of
school she first walked into the
cafeteria wondering who who do I sit
next to for lunch a very smart brainy
boy Winston hello
I'm Winston wanna play overwatch later
or could it be Brad the autistic surfer
dude Cowabunga dude or could it be the
very stylish poplu kid Bruno hi I'm
Bruno I'm not gay or could it be Alan
the rock star but rather Bamber my name
is Ellen flapper bamboo I play the
guitar
I like playing music fabric on my guitar
or could it be Brian the sports type
ello Govnah what's it to ya I love my
basketball oh look
Isabelle has got bloody Bruno on the
brain she wants to sit with Bruno and
look I think Bruno wants to sit with
Isabelle why I was when I tried to sit
with this guy she so wanted to sit next
to him and he was like technically uh
nah but bah bah bah bah I hope this girl
don't come over to me bababa Baba oh
shit she's coming over
my papa papa No all right let's go cigs
ask a guy who thinks he's not gay but we
all know his bloody gate hey I'm new at
school my name is is it bad oh you miss
anything he was just like yeah okay
alright so I'm guessing this is like a
date alright was this small do Oh
oh hello oh is that what
All Right girls take notes alright if
you want to get guys like this uh what
is winky face dual Oh
flirty Oh Oh Wicky Wicky who was that
meant to be him falling for her cuz if
it was it was terrible in this game shit
Oh a gift oh he likes Todd's sin here
huh
say hey ha ha Shan invites you to the
school dance yes Shane come on the dose
is starting okay Shane has asked me to
the dance already oh it's only
like the first day oh shit oh shit what
I do
Oh full version get all packs $7.99 mmm
that seems like a good no no no I'm not
buying anything all right so what do i
do do I just pick the dance move I want
to do uh okay dad like these guys go ah
all right that was uh that was dancing
at the prom I guess in 2017 whoa all
right got more loves and now I'm level
two this game has great progression way
to go
you're climbing the ranks thank you
random girl judy has 48 thousand fans
how does some random stupid schoolgirl
called Judy have 50,000 fans online oh
okay I want this one cuz the only one I
can use without what you could stupid ad
I'm gonna paint one white and one blue
because I go to express myself
alright now I'm doing my makeup don't
wicked me okay all right close your eyes
cuz I got to put some eyeshadow on you
don't forget about a bit of lipstick I'm
probably gay guys I give a stupid tattoo
or a flower in her face all right I'm
done you live in a large city you start
dreaming of trees growing right outside
I do and okay okay one day yes get on
what date my name is Austin was that
great uncle's Butler but I gotta pull up
beautiful mansion a lovely garden action
you say I'm getting out of it cuz you
two learning to you too many mortals my
great-grandfather's but now as imagine
and I'm moving this boy
alright guys I'm back turns out my I
don't have a mansion it was it was an
advert you know let's just not talk
about it ever again
I have to buy it to see how stupid face
hello my first express wash away this
stupid girls skin Oh face mask okay
alright she needs that alright now wash
away not much of an improvement but you
know what baby steps I can't look at you
for any longer it's giving me the
heebie-jeebies what is this
am i poking up pimples alright I'm
already seeing a really big improvement
from this girl right use this thing a
vibrator now she's all pretty okay this
is how use mister look girls looks are
everything and if you're ugly you're not
gonna be anything in this world
slow Elks ending it you know you've
medical annoyed no seriously girls
you're all beautiful you're all
beautiful to me you are beautiful
oh we're doing a hair okay this this
game has a lot of a lot of a making
myself look pretty errors in it oh shit
alright that noise though yeah squirt a
shit yeah now we try it
oh no we left a bit of a hair dryer I'm
gonna look so pretty for prom but I
already had prom so I don't know why I'm
making myself look so pre
boshy boshy boshy boshy boshy boshy oh
my god okay that changed really quickly
Isabel returned to school the very next
day with a very brand new look the first
thing she decided to do was to see if
Winston the third is her new look I
can't speak today I'm just a narrator
alright I'm gonna be a little hole and
I'm gonna go straight in for a kiss Oh
Casey flying kiss Oh
oh he didn't like that all right what's
this funny looking face do you like
flowers I don't I love dogs just like I
did yesterday
Shannon vite your school dance how many
bloody dances to the school have it's
the same shit isn't it huh but I
unlocked everything oh I love new dances
okay let's do this one and this one and
this one and this one and then this one
all right
oh shit chicken yes go yes go Oh
back in the day oh my goodness flowers
fuck oh my goodness we're gonna be
school prom king and queen and no time
that's the aim of the game right I'm now
level forward to become prom queen I
pick it over marry this stupid girl I
know German that looks like it was the
whole game I played eight pound for that
alright guys I'm back so the video was
coming up a little bit short so I went
on and found a bunch of other school
related girl games alright so this one's
called high school okay the first thing
I'll do give myself the perfect makeover
oh my goodness this is me good facelet
oh yeah let's call our boobie make the
boyfriend of my dreams
mmm absolutely amazing okay my boyfriend
has to have amazing eyes or it needs to
be black but the game doesn't really
show of being black right alright this
looks like the boyfriend of my dreams
I'm not gonna lie
ah got a name the boyfriend um alright
looks like a Phil doesn't he Hey ooh I
guess a booby
oh whatever I'm sorry we should hang
whatever don't whatever me Zoe u-haul
buy a dress for the whole coming dance
why is why all these games got dances I
don't get it the very first homecoming
dance maybe you'll meet a guy there
don't open unto our senior year Phil
shut up Phil gave me a prison what
Hayden you must be the new girl
I've heard some really good things about
your film try it on with bloody poopy
first off what's with this dubstep music
yes man why wasn't my homecoming dance
this lit where hang a second I'm British
we don't have shitty dances like this
this is a single dance move tap it wants
to complete it okay I love to see this
uh this is some walk with dance okay
what the shit QuickTime events oh oh
look at them go
synchronize oh yes boys a Gauss this is
crazy dance moves right now alright I
just realized these guys are doing the
same thing over and over again amazing
dancing Oh skank it out yeah that's you
I don't if you won chopped or not look
the hats are it's sizes chest I have
never seen dance moves like that forget
the naynay forget the twerk it's all
about sticking your whole arm inside
your boyfriend's chest coiler hell are
you I saw you at the dance last night
with some cute guy you look awesome
I pissed off Kyle right Phyllis man man
if you go anywhere near her Tyler I'll
sing it god damn I've been assigned as
your school buddy someone who helps you
learn the ropes here what the shit of
school buddy why didn't I have a have a
school buddy
first things first you see that book oh
is this like a glorified tutorial listen
Kayla alright I don't give a shit about
this tutorials wanna go dance and meet
with boys and now kisum I'm gay by the
way I like boys alright so I got to go
to the mall and just spend money on
clothes that's what I gotta do
or I could go to the cinema or you go to
the salon and get a makeover amazing or
I could get a job or I got my first job
your job is to maintain the store I just
got a tap shit okay
I don't know what's going on you won me
over last night see you later Phil shut
up Phil these girls keep making an
absolute mess for goodness sake how is
it just keep things tidy before you use
it okay doesn't matter I got my paycheck
bubi got paid seventeen wait what is
this an ad of a robber okay and now the
robbers got arrested and now the police
office is flirting with me and I'm gonna
take with with them with the police
officer what this shit okay I need to
download this game alright let's watch a
movie uh please tell me it's not an ad
oh my first day of school I can't wait
to meet hot guys hey go with throwing a
party later Wanaka getting
I've been running through my mind all
night let's go make out I just slept
with the point okay I need to download
this game which is the game I just
downloaded there sadi dance starts now
are you ready
what the hell's are sadi dance hey
boopie how you doing tonight this is our
second dance in the same week so are we
oh you want to get me um sure let's
dance
I can go to the bank apparently can i oh
oh the bank is just a place where you
buy microtransactions
nope are the next game I'm going to play
is crush date oh god oh god this looks
horrible okay I got an ad alright uh-oh
I got another a pregnant one go away
it's the same game anyway can I actually
play this game without getting an ad oh
no I got another ad oh this looks
exactly the same as the rest of them I
have no idea what's going on I can grab
a comb and I can brush my hair alright
cuz I look at absolute mess okay this
game is trash let's move on to the next
one alright high school uh girls kissing
all right what is this game oh I just
pressed a kiss and I need to watch out
for everyone else in class uh alright
next game first crush I can only tell us
it's horrible oh look it's a game
they're looking exactly the same oh I'm
a second it's like Mario
alright level one oh you need a good
match to find romance I do okay what do
I do
I gotta paint my uh okay that will get
any boy like me I can tell you that just
could fit with that I might owe the boys
their pig and dresses like yeah yeah I
saw your locker I said I love big cock
okay now I'm on level two alright this
game actually looks like it has a lot of
to it I need to eat something yummy
ah alright cock two for four dollars
alright that's that's what you're gonna
eat
alright we first have a salad because
I'm a fat bitch oh we got to make a
whole salad Dewey ok alright salad and
pizza
I'll dominum eat the pizza I'm making
the pizza I'm cooking the pizza I cook
the pizza I did it
I created lunch but
was my cock too for $4 all right that's
a good bargain I missed out on that shit
of course pizza wait what the hell this
guy came over and stole my pizza and
this girl now wants my salad
don't make food for all these guys one
happy oh no more shoots normal cupcakes
what if I steal this boy's cupcake he
gave her a cupcake autorap okay okay
screw this I want to try this out
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba okay if you're a
vegetable stop showing me the stupid
should be up if you're a vegetable you'd
be a be a cute I hate this girl so much
okay guys I think I've been playing
enough of girl games all right uh
they're actually really funny and really
weird and I kind of like playing iPad
games because some of the games you get
in iPads are so weird
alright so if you guys want me to do
another part too you know I died down on
some really funny games just placed on
the ads which I really want to check out
then leave a like if we reach 10,000
then I'm gonna do another video
basically playing a bunch of funny iPad
games anyway guys I'm so sorry this
video was stupid but I kind of enjoyed
that I'm not gonna lie and I will see
you guys in the next video - later guys
love you Baba mmm
