hello everyone how is everyone doing in
this mess yourself there and welcome to
my top ten mesh yourself videos from
2016 2016 has been a crazy year for us
guys and some videos like absolutely
blew up we've experimented loads with
videos and in my opinion this year we've
uploaded some of the best videos I've
ever uploaded so in no particular order
let's go through my favorite videos from
this year now coming in at number 10 has
to be heavy rain all the way back in
March 2016 I decided to play one of my
favorite games of all time I always
dreamed that I would have a big enough
audience to play this game and I finally
did it back in March and oh my god I was
blown away about the amount of support
that the video series has the fact that
it meant a lot of you guys watching it
with me and playing it through with me
it was just an amazing feeling and hands
down is my favorite let's play I'll ever
do on the channel and I'm so glad I
finally did it if you guys have got a
couple of hours to spare and do not know
what to watch I highly recommend you go
through that emotional roller coaster
that is heavy rain with me I feel like
it's one of the best series I've ever
uploaded one of my favorites and hands
down I love it so so so much so
successful so amazing go watch it if you
haven't already
station
shit never sanoviv map second come on a
hood dude hsf i bullshit
maybe I should have got this
haha
coming in at number nine is gta5 now I
haven't made a lot of GTA 5 videos in
2016 and I kind of regret that but the
videos that I did make this year has to
be some of my favorite GTA 5 videos of
all time one example of an amazing video
is my GTA 5 online video where I show
off my character Shaniqua winning the
lottery and spending 20 million dollars
in GTA 5 online I actually made a whole
skit around her winning the lottery I
even make her sing it's an amazing video
I really recommend you watch that the
GTA 5 police video was a really good one
and also my favorite is the GTA 5 prison
mod video those videos all of them all
three of them are really great and I
definitely definitely want to make more
GTA 5 content in 2017 I cannot wait for
Max's birthday by the way this I've got
stuff to do
my name's Franklin Clinton hey I've got
dr. doom look at the wagon sniffing come
up you're ready Franklin you're ready to
go
absolutely preserve on these
let's go
all around me are familiar faces hold it
right there
get on your knees home you are under
arrest
Franklin goes to save the day but at
what try to a the best cop in Los Santos
all the criminals will slay now coming
in at number eight is yandere simulator
did you guys know that yandere simulator
is my second biggest series on my
channel next to GTA 5 I've made a
whopping 20 videos on yandere simulator
the whole series itself has been watched
18 million times now the reason why I
have made so many videos in that game is
because it hands-down makes for such
amazing videos we've had so many laughs
we've had so many times for epic editing
skits and montages we've had singing
moments the game literally we can do
anything with it I really do love the
game and because I love the game in May
for such great videos I really recommend
you watch the whole series there's not
one video which I don't like is so
amazing I love love love the game and I
really want to make more yandere
simulator videos in 2017 oh hello your
God it's a pleasure to meet you man I've
been waiting on your arrival before we
speak though allow me to sing you this
wonderful song hello I am mr. turtle I
can help you with many things like spawn
you any weapons so you can do some evil
things
okay I just killed everyone with a
baseball bat that was pretty funny some
of his delicious bloody stole on it it
doesn't matter if you're black or white
you are wasting your time with this
garbage doc go to dad
luckily I have flange
okay this is what I have got for my baby
nice work oh yeah I'm not actually
frozen this reminds me of Nam Nam
now for number seven it's who's your
daddy now who's your daddy is a really
bad indie game it's a game where the dad
has to stop his son from killing himself
with what a stupid stupid game now even
though it was a stupid game I really
loved the idea and concept so I sighs
approached my really good friend Max and
I approached him saying that I want to
make a really creative video on this
game I'm talking skit I'm talking
montages role-playing singing I wanted
to make some of the best who's your
daddy videos on YouTube now I was not
expecting who's your daddy to do so
amazingly crazy that did the video
series has been watched 40 million times
that is so insane it literally is the
first proper multiplayer series I've
ever done the channel and I'm so blown
away by the support it really was an
amazing series and I think it definitely
deserves the recognition then it gets we
put a lot of work and thought into it
and if you guys haven't seen the videos
I think you're seriously missing out
and they called it Papi's aha
oh I guess they'll never know
and a trace up at home it hurts dad
where are you
baby's hungry dad oh if you need me now
you take away the biggest part of me
don't go better firstly we go to the
front door and look for the spare key
under the mat of this lull then you use
your tiny little baby hands to open the
door utter the others like Vin Diesel
and for Murphy huh it reminds me of the
sad da-da-da-da-da hey Jake a Geiger
counter doesn't a younger Gator Dan
doctor turning a Ganga Ganga yeah yeah
yeah it's been a long day without you my
dad please don't drive this car cuz it
will make me so sad maybe so say you've
got no way you become alone wish don't
be mad we met I tell you all about it
cuz you were my dad okay could you my
bad
now coming at number six is our
LittleBigPlanet Spongebob Squarepants
video ok so this is just a single video
it's not like a series for the first for
me and max again wants to do something
together that wasn't who's your daddy so
on a limb he suggests LittleBigPlanet 3
because it got some spongebob dlc the
video didn't have any planning it didn't
have much editing it's literally just me
and max playing a little big planet 3
and having loads of god damn fun while
doing it so that's why it's in my top 10
because it was such a simple video yet
such an amazingly funny one and who
would have thought the video was gonna
get three and a half million views like
it's a little big planet video it's such
a great video and we had loads of fun
really simple really just normal just
good old-fashioned just fun go watch it
it's an amazing video is it a bird is it
a plane oh my gosh hey can i order a
krabby patty
spongebob one krabby patty you want some
seaweed salad with that sure I'd like
some weed oh yeah
let's get hi Squidward oh yeah oh yeah
for my lover yeah yeah now coming at
number five is my sister videos now I
haven't done a lot of videos with my
sister's this year but the videos that I
have done have been really great and I
think in 2017 I'm a hundred percent
gonna make more videos with them I
introduced them last year to the channel
but you can really tell that they've
become way more comfortable when
recording with me and you guys have
literally welcomed them so well and so
nicely and I literally can't wait to
record more videos with them the videos
that I've recorded to see with them have
been great and I think if you haven't
seen them go definitely watch it are you
going down to the web you're gonna
select a loom
Frank we have save that we better head
on and move on
never got that my game in this country
on that board a small boat okay but I
did not stop okay cuz I had a dream I
had a dream essay that I will gone to a
medic tequila now for number four is
pokemons go now I only made one video on
Pokemon go it was hands down the biggest
game of this year and I knew that if I
was to make a video on this game it
would have to be an amazing amazing
video so for the first time I decided to
make my very first skipped video the
whole video is acted out like a pokemon
indigo league episode with like
voiceover graphics montages it was the
first time that I've actually been
outside for a video and I'm so glad the
video did so well has over a million
views and this video inspired and
spurred me on to do more stuff like this
in the future wasn't the best video but
you know what it spurred on something
great and I think it definitely deserves
to be my top 10 go watch it if you
haven't
I wanna be the very best no one ever was
catch them is my real test to train them
is
kinda boy got a boy good guys I think
that what are you doing what are you
doing
it's just about
think about it every night
spread my wings and fly
now for number three it is virtual
reality now I don't know why virtually
has become such a big part of the
channel it's not even much for the
virtual reality aspect of it anymore
it's more because it can make for such
great videos it all first started with
job simulator and with every virtual
reality video it just gets more and more
creative I started to dress up for the
videos I started to add skits and funny
montages at the start at the beginning
of the videos it became less about the
virtual reality and more about the
characters and creativity I brought to
the videos I'm literally so proud of
every VR video I've done this year and I
really want to bring virtual reality
into 2017 because it makes for some of
the most amazing videos and it's so so
so fun to record I'm gonna leave a
couple of my favorite of VR videos down
description but go watch all of them
because all of them hands down they're
so so so good
got my twerking oh my god
ah you like that bladder did you spit up
gasps some chocolate Bowl okay ah there
was a secret guard rocky moptops baby
that's by a montage rocky Beaucaire no
Rocky Balboa you see
open the door oh we have a little bit of
donut Oh
Darla's don't don't now for number two
are my kitchen vlogs now I don't really
want to spoil too much of what happened
in the kitten vlogs if you haven't
watched the videos basically it's me
telling the story about a stray cat
randomly giving birth to her kittens in
our flower bed and us bringing in and
taking care of the kittens and raising
the kittens it is such an amazing moment
that happened in my year is having a
two-part series and people have been
asking me to make more so I think I'm
gonna make more this month another
kitten of vlog update video but it was
such an amazing moment in my life and
I'm so happy that I got the opportunity
to share this moment with you guys go
watch those kitten logs they are so cute
and so amazing and lastly coming in at
number one is chef mess yourself
we-we-we hands town chef besh yourself
has to be my favorite video from 2016
who would have thought measure yourself
would be doing a cooking video but I'm
so so glad we decided to do it the video
is currently sitting at 800,000 views
for a cooking video that's insane you
know there's so many funny moments great
great great editing terrible acting
which makes it so god damn funny and I
literally cannot wait to make more
cooking videos in 2017 with Chef mesh
yourself I've even got a chef mesh
yourself video coming out this Christmas
I'm pretty sure I've uploaded it already
but I'm telling you right now it will
blow your mind an egg is a good egg okay
if it does good in the shell chef Misha
we we are we backed into it yeah oh okay
let me get a pancake for myself
in Everton's - no matter what I shall do
still feel you MA and that's pretty much
it that's my best top ten videos from
this year it's been an amazing year and
I'm really proud and happy with the
videos that I did make this year going
back on the channel though did made me
realize that I did not upload as many
videos as I wanted to yes I do care
about quality and yes I do spend loads
of time and thought into every single
video but I still think that's not
enough my aim for next year is to keep
on making amazing videos for you guys
but to do it faster and bigger and
better
you guys have literally changed my life
in ways that you don't even know and
you're giving me the chance to do the
one thing that I've always wanted to do
and that is to entertain I love each and
every single one of you guys and here's
to a very very successful 2017 thank you
guys so much for sticking around and I
will just try and keep on uploading
great videos because I'm not going
anywhere guys and I really hope you guys
stick around because we are gonna have
so goddamn much fun in 2017 you guys
have no idea thank you guys so much for
believing in me and I cannot wait for
2017 thank you so much for watching I
love each and every single one of you
and I will see you in the next video man
see later guys I love you
ba ba
