who the hell boy everyone how is
everyone doing in this mess yourself
there and Merry Christmas to each and
every single one of you laughs today's
video lace German I am gonna be opening
up all of my Christmas presents that's
right look at all these Christmas
presents that I have aren't you jealous
when in reality I just bought these
presents and wrapped them myself just so
I can open them because no one got me
anything of course I could go on have
any one that loves me so anyway there's
got to be about 25 presents which I'm
gonna be opening up all of them now
these presents they aren't for me all
right I'm going to be doing a giveaway
on my Twitter for all these presents
okay so go on my Twitter I'll leave a
link to that tweet and if you guys want
to win something from here just tweet
tweet my tweet and that's it boom can be
good could be let's get this first
Christmas question first watch these fun
Christmas get these first Christmas
don't hit me you bloody shit okay
present number one has to be this one oh
my goodness what could it be
I'm so excited what was that all right
so I bought a bunch of stupid presents
stupid present number one being this
thing fought in a can noise machine uh
yeah it's a can that makes fart noises
include six momentous for sound effects
where has this been all my life oh and
all these presents were met for the
giveaway but no one wants a four in a
can so I'm gonna open it 40 in a can and
40 and again fart fart fart okay here we
go
what this has to be the stupidest
present I've ever seen
Wow what the shit did I buy not to sound
like a ball first off the sound effects
are terrible secondly it doesn't even
sound like a fall okay I'm good at man
that was a pretty funny one okay let's
move on
alright prison number two I'm so excited
as you can see oh yeah baby
mess yourself but a bloody no-go now I
may be 21 years old but who doesn't like
nerf guns the zombie strike look how
happy this guy is again who want enough
gone I'm opening it anyway the krusty
krab pizza is the pizza but you wear me
pizza use the PC yeah yeah for you and
me okay here's the gun if you don't like
the video I will shoot the cat okay how
much to do in the face bring your own
I'm kidding I haven't reloaded it yet
do you guys dare me to shoot myself I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna do it I'm gonna do
it
what the hell wasn't one oh you've got a
cock it huh Oh anyway
move on present number three look at the
wrapping paper it's pretty little
penguins I love penguins present number
three is hmm I know got Oh Game Capture
HD 60s now for all you people want to
start youtube out there and i'll gato is
how you record your gameplay from your
PC or computer so I'll be giving it away
this of any of you guys going to start
YouTube but uh yeah that's fun that's
not for me let's move on present number
four Beretta
the present number off what could it be
I'm so excited it looks like a box wait
what is it
cover wrap this is a terrible job it was
actually me hmm what the hell is this my
mystery UFO what the hell is this I say
what the hell is this but I actually
bought this so apparently it's this UFO
that floats in the air without any
strings how does it do that let's open
and find out out I'll share from the box
what the shit is this okay I open the
box and it came with this I have no idea
oh there's the UFO it came with a DVD
where the shit don't want a DVD okay I
don't know how this works but I'll give
it a go WEEE oh my God look the your
foes flying how's it doing this I
haven't got anything how's it flying I'm
not touching it look I'm controlling you
a form whoa you so cool whoa it's
actually just a string I'm using a
string okay that's a shit present anyway
that present was terrible let's move on
to this green one oh I love green what
could it be what could oh my goodness
look what it is it is I faced the game
now I'm not sure if you guys heard of
this game but what you do is you put
some cream or something on this hand and
then you spin the dial the more cranks
put you in more risk to get pied in the
face I actually bought this so that me
and my sisters would do a video of this
so if you guys want to see that video be
sure to leave a like ok another present
oh how exciting
Oh what could it be oh oh what's this
what's this it is an archery set now
what hell did I buy an archery set I've
always wanted to own a bow and arrow
so that's why I bought it oh oh well
I'll just bring the box whoops ok
it's Christmas whoa look it comes with a
bunch of arrow
and it comes with a bow all right I've
assembled the bow and arrow now I just
need something to shoot getti
I'm gonna hitch Gibby
look at him playing with my bloody nerf
gun bullet you thought I was kidding
that I wouldn't shoot the cat if you
didn't like the video when I'm gonna
bloody shoot him now
wow I'm kidding all right three two one
whoa all right I'm trying to stick it to
this wall three two one kitty move out
the way I'm trying to shoot it I don't
want to hit kitty what's up good day
oh okay well that kind of failed oh cool
about an hour how useful whoa okay now
this has to be the biggest present of
the wall look how big it is all right
first off it's a size up like my whole
body and it's so goddamn heavy everyone
guess right now what it could be all
right Oh what could that be what do you
guys think it is just by seeing that all
right ready I'm gonna reveal a little
bit more huh
what could that be guys what oh oh oh
that's right lady German it's a
PlayStation 4 Pro now I've already got a
PlayStation or I'd add the pro version
but I've already got a Playstation so
I'm gonna be giving away this
PlayStation 4 Pro to one of you guys
look how big it is look how big this
boxes all right so one of you guys can
win this PlayStation 4 Pro I've already
got PlayStation I don't need it
Merry Christmas guys what could be next
what could be next let's do this little
one
I like little things so otherwise said
that but it is nice German oh great
another horn okay let's see if this is
any good i guessing i speak into the
microphone hello uh what hello man name
it again jeez well that's just god damn
awful alright as few moulds in this
let's try this one hello sounds hello
don't even one probably probably hello
MA whoa okay this is awful this is
goddamn awful throw that away waste of
money stop okay don't need that shit
let's open up this our PlayStation get
off my leg alright now I think this is
another board game what could this be
what could this be
hello oh my goodness
it is the classic game twister now if
you guys haven't played twister before
it's a game where you put your hands and
feet on a certain color with a bunch of
friends but I don't have any friends I
don't need that no but you see I bought
this to do a video on it so if you guys
want to see a twister video let me know
this is too many presents I can't handle
how many presents I have I think
everything with the penguin wrapping
paper is ball game so I basically bought
a bunch of board games because I thought
it would be cool for a video or I said
this board game happens to be oh no way
no way is now this box is really old so
I don't think they sell buckaroo anymore
but this game back in the day was the
god damn best game ever all right now
the aim of the game is to put stuff on
the buckaroo hey I'm gonna put stuff in
the back oh no gonna like that I'm
kick my feet like our Macy's kitties
yeah yeah buckle oh I love you too man
but don't you dare put things on my back
ever again
fuck I might just open buckaroo because
I want to show you what this game is
okay so here's buckaroo all right now
the aim of the game is to just keep
putting stuff on him all right like a
hat or you put on this thing Oh kitty do
you like buckaroo is buckaroo your
favorite present Kippy I should wrap you
up you little shit Gibby
okay I remember buckaroo being a lot
more entertaining than it actually is
but either way I love memories
I love memories either way let's
continue all right another board game
from my childhood probably kitty would
you like to open this present kitty come
on kitty did you accept it I did B what
you excited what the hell is this school
no way okay this isn't a board game
this is it ready kitty are you excited
for this kitty okay because it is a
creepy troll Angela okay and I'm pretty
sure this thing moves now I really want
to see Kitty's reaction to this goddamn
tarantula look at it he's already scared
shitless okay I got the tarantula to
work it's right over here kitty has
already been very suspicious about it
okay I turn it on by the on switch
okay let's control this bad boy oh is it
going hello kitty kitty look huh okay
kitty doesn't care kitty you like the
tarantula huh candy huh
kitty what's up whoop
Oh kitty you better run you gonna die
kitty what oh he's scared
Oh kid he doesn't like the tarantula oh
look at his face he's like I don't know
what you're doing
kitty Oh Kitty's coming Fred he's like
what the hell is this dig I do not trust
it it oh oh yes kitty you up sleep
Batman
hahaha donky did it yeah is he gone yeah
okay I should be tormenting my cat but
this is a pretty cool ass boy
alright moving on to our next present
now I think this is a really big present
too and I think a special company says
this out to me what could it be
whoa guys I think this is a drone it
looks like to be a Star Wars drone how
cool is this thing okay now this is
gonna be part of the giveaway too but I
really want to open it and show you guys
what it's like because I believe the
company that made this Pro Dell I think
they're called or propel profile
probably to get the name rise but that's
pretty important but they set this out
to me I don't know why but they did so
I'm showing off in this Christmas
present video alright let's open it very
carefully because I still want to give
it away
but I believe it's a Star Wars drone how
cool is that now I already got a drone
it's over there sitting in the corner
but um yeah so that's why I'm gonna give
away this one the packaging for this
thing looks so god damn cool so I
believe this is the drone can you
believe this you want to sit on that on
the Star Wars drone I'll let you alright
open up this bad boy whoa this looks
cool oh okay I already broke it but it's
fine
woah what
what oh my god what the shit this is a
rebel that surrendered to us although he
denies it I believe they believe there
may be more of them and I request
permission to conduct a further search
of the area some conduct your search and
things
impendence to me
so come I was expecting that okay so
this one it looks like alright is this
meant to fly it doesn't look like it can
fly okay look guys it is a drone look
here is the controller wall look guys
it's all lit up and shit whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa okay do I use the controller
to control it how do I get this to fly
your hate has made you powerful now
fulfill your destiny and installed four
double A batteries into the battery
compartment what shit is controlling to
say putting batteries what the hell I
that one and then lastly one more
and lastly boom all right that is it did
I do it right Darth Vadar you that to
say I did it right shit kitty it's
making noises
what the hell oh my goodness this is
slow god damn cool controllers all set
up drone is all set up
oh how do I launch this thing all right
guys I think I got it to work okay we
first turn it on good good we push this
up one we push this down two ready for
launch
okay there's the drone all right system
check complete yeah Wow Oh looks like I
wasn't clear for launch
um can I try that again whoa whoa oh no
it's coming oh oh shit um I uh I may
have broken all right I'm doing it
outside which I probably should have
done it from the start all right let's
see if it's one minute back up again go
I caught you have to bring it back I
don't know how um um how do I
guys I don't know about oh no oh no okay
well um whoops
Jesus Christ I've still got so many
presents to do kitty stop shitting on
your ass and help me open these goddamn
presents okay let's grab this one all
this looks heavy how can it look heavy
Brandon her stupid penguin wrapping
paper you could have got more wrapping
paper Brandon oh I know what this is it
is god damn jiù jiù jiù jiù jiù jiù
Jenga baby again I bought this for a
potential video it's where you stick
blocks all together and then knock them
down it's a great game to play when you
have friends but like I said I don't
have any next present next present so
it's a knife on an egg prison Oh
oh my lord it's mouse trap now I think
they still sell mousetrap but if you
guys haven't played mousetrap it is so
fun look how much fun these cats have it
these girls like oh my god the mousies
look at the face and this is like oh my
god sister girl fuck
it's basically a board game where you
have to like catch Mouse's and stuff you
know I bought it for a video but it is
definitely a load of fun okay so go play
it if you haven't played already
alright now I think this is a board game
- uh what could it be though Oh what's
so exciting this is
Oh oh my god yes yes yes yes yes okay
this is a board game
alright I'm a very special board game it
is don't wake dad okay that this board
game is stupid
alright it's a board game based around
not waking up your dad while he's going
for a nap alright again I bought this
for a video look at this hour okay he
don't know what's he doing in there got
in the goddamn game it's a very fun game
and I'm gonna make it for a video if you
guys want to see that let me know okay
oh I love don't my dad it was the best
fun ever
alright we're nearly done we've just got
like three over there and we've just got
these two now so let me grab this one
on alright now I think this might be get
another board game I've bought a bunch
of board games guys oh oh hi face Joe
down all right now Pie Face showdown is
basically the same as pie face but it's
to layer alright so the pig two people
have to keep hitting the button and
whoever can hit the button most gets to
pie the other one in the face this
girl's so happy that she pined her
brother yeah I bought that for a video
too so yeah okay I bought a bunch of
board games maybe like 21 years old but
I still love these stupid-ass games
alright last one over here kitty kitty
don't you want me to open the present
keep eet let's get one thing straight
alright all these presents are for me
none for you all right Katie we'll open
it together
Oh Katie what could it be huh what's
this huh kitty hill excited what Kady oh
look kitty it's a stop rocket okay this
looks cool as hell alright look at this
guy's stop looking at the kitty
look at this it's a stop rocket
basically it's a rocket where you put on
the floor and you you step on it and the
rocket goes flying all right kitty are
you prepared to see this look how
excited he is this stop rocket looks
cool as hell I cannot wait to try this
or another idea of this pump rocket is
for you to step on this pump and then
this thing will fly outside alright so
let's go outside and try this baby
alright my foots ready I'm gonna stamp
on this rocket in three two one
uh-oh I may have lost it
whoops I luckily it comes with spares or
I have a try again it's really hard to
film alright three two one and oh
alright
a lot it's going in the neighbors a
third time's a charm
three two one
oh my goodness I'm it survived to the
old hive I hid myself last 3 presents
last 3 presents all year baby I don't
know how many presents I've opened so
far but all I know it's a lot why what
could this be
what could this be what could this be
what is it what is it oh oh look what
we've got here guys it is a go bro pro/5
ok this is part of the giveaway too
I actually don't own a go pro I should
probably keep this but I bought it for
the giveaway it's a great camera if you
guys want a film and very easy to use
very small it's a good camera if you
guys want it just let me know last two
presents what could up Rick present you
will be open lost ok what the hell is
this it's so big ok this thing is
massive I can't remember what was in
this Oh what could it be
oh oh yeah I know what this is now ages
ago the guys over at Matthew 3 gave me a
tone table set and I did a giveaway on
Twitter for one of them now this one is
the one they sent me but I decided
because I don't really need it is to get
my one to one of you guys so basically
it's a working map year 3 turntable to
give away to you guys alright and it's a
pretty cool gift dora it's a working
turntable pretty cool if you guys want
this let me know I love Matthew 3 and
get great soundtrack great game it's a
really cool present time for the last
present or that this one is really big -
and I think I know what this one is I
think
it is a gateway to get ready for it oh
what's that oh let me turn around what
is it what is it it is another nerve
John baby look at this thing now I love
nerf guns like I said before I have
enough guns sniper rifle I bought a
pistol as well but this leizerman
is like a proper assault rifle this
looks insane I cannot wait to use this
bad boy oh boy now look at this bad boy
it comes with that and then all these
parts together I am a know what part
goes where I put all together look at
this thing it is such a boost okay now I
bet these bullets huh as hell I think I
got it to work now this is button over
here that you press and it should
hmm it fired it oh my face I hate sperm
Oh truth will it hurt if I shoot myself
in the head ready okay they look okay
though any huh
okay guys that was all my Christmas
presents now
as you can see there's no presents under
the tree but if you wanted to see what's
below me you don't want to know this is
currently all the mess that I have
created yeah it's gonna be quite a
hassle to clean up kitty are you gonna
help me clean up no I'm just gonna sit
there being adorable as ever
anyway guys I hope you did enjoy leave a
comment on what you think is the best
gift that I have unwrapped also I'm
really interested to see what you guys
got for Christmas okay I think last year
did a Christmas video and you guys got
some crazy stuff alright I was quite
jealous about the stuff that you kind of
good guys got so I'll leave a comment on
what you got for Christmas anyway guys I
hope you did enjoy this video I put a
lot of time and effort in thinking of
funny things to show you up you know I
feel like I actually had a lot of fun I
think I might do more of this in the
future anyway guys leave a like if you
enjoyed and I will see you in the next
video man Slayer guys love you and Merry
Christmas
No
