oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
in this mess yourself at the Daily Show
we are back yet again with more unn till
dawn by the last episode was what died
hell ok I was like what does that really
just happen all right things are spicing
up and I really enjoyed this series so
far and I'm glad you guys are too so as
soon as we reach eight thousand likes
I'm Loblaw the next episode straight
away but let's get into it baby wave
lastly aren't you oh yeah hello hello-o
Marik it's Sammy whammy hello Samantha
losing another fair game I'm her sketchy
I mean we should look for the others
Ciro girls are off sixty-nining each
other and who knows where Sam is
I think she's in the lodge why are we
still talking about this let's go
do that oh yeah these guys gonna die by
the days oh oh
which can stop me oh no oh no angry wing
days but the reindeers all that is happy
rebuke get a hold yourself stay calm and
let me Emily stay calm we go don't do
anything precious dear you're just dear
they just write this no no oh no no sure
she'll do she okay we're just gonna
slowly walk away All Right see you later
they're just trying to get through
darling haaa all right just what just
trying to get through we just don't want
to die that's all
excuse me excuse me hey man I'm gonna
kill you no no brain dead time to do
that all right
I'm just trying to get through easy
there easy does it
that a boy there we go there we go don't
hurt me Oh easy
Oh
Oh
just rocks look it's okay they wanted me
to drop down that day shit I almost want
to kill no dear I know bloody killer oh
shit they gave me the option to kill
someone I mean not kill someone it's a
dear but you know what I mean damn
I'm smart all right I think before I
make these rash decisions now I'm
playing as Emily the stupid little girl
or so we're going over to the fire tower
to see if there's anyone on the radio
who could call us much higher on I can't
see what it's just a security light
Oh oh shit sensor probably look at Matt
being small yes ma'am you Smart is sexy
smart daughter could it be a totem of
death let us find out Russian roulette
me don't tell me the murderers gonna
make that guy do Russian Roulette it was
just God do it oh this looks very
dangerous
I think Matt should got the ladder first
who agrees oh okay and we're just gonna
go over I bet things are gonna go to
shit I just got a just got a little bit
of feeling that something's gonna happen
that one of them is gonna maybe die
that's it Emily
oh nice slope no sudden movements Oh
watch it
why don't you leave the axe down there
is this the lost ladder I hope so
because we've been climbing for ages
push it up
hello okay all right
seems seem safe okay now let's look for
a radio and call someone cuz we need
help because we're all being mad and
slowly that was me sniffing anything in
this closet
jumpscares Oh missing
I know Washington still missing
Oh night their disappearance starting to
make more sense yeah radio so the radio
has no power on Oh No
we came up all this way for nothing
where you going to go outside oh my
goodness that wind is so powerful oh
look fuse box all right here goes
nothing
we have power the radio oh yeah yeah
hell yeah
hi daughter Emily how many show I'm
trying to run on the mesh of channel not
using everything effing words any more
clues emergency flares oh that might
come in handy
oh wait wait didn't I see didn't I see a
totem that showed flare gone keep or
flare gone to Mack wait wait wait wait I
don't know yeah look I found a totem
that said I should give the flare gun to
Matt all right thank you told them
you're actually being useful for once in
this shitty game all right give the flag
on to Matt
there we go I'm smoking yeah but don't
shoot it
don't shoot it that was a waste get some
attention
yeah hopefully someone who's not a
psychopath Yeah right yeah comment radio
we need your help find chillness bitch
wait
like Annie someone hello hello help me
we're big over over chibi hello yeah we
comply or persist my name is Emily my
name is Emily oh no we're gonna die
we're gonna die what's the point they
can't hear us
ah
oh no he's it's a big trick the motion
sensor
oh no probably fucking deer whoa whoa
what how long a beer list until dawn
all right
we're gonna die I told you what the hell
was that oh I was that was look
did someone chop them off with their
hand on the shower wall it's fire
everything oh we are dead we are dead
how many are gonna die you're gonna die
you're gonna die
there's rocks there oh she's gone she's
so screwed Jesus shit Oh No take the
ball God look at we do
together
I thought they died fuck man your life
please tell me a man's alive because my
audience would hate me if I let her die
Oh easy where's Emily oh no Emily died
don't tell me how many died I mean I
hate your guts
oh geez that I mean I don't hate up shut
up Emily I'm coming don't thank you
idiot just get me out of here Oh No what
do I do
you're suppose I saw you with Mike why
would I bring that up there's a motive
Emily you're upset you need to calm down
you're gonna be fine stop yelling at me
alone okay work this out okay Oh save
Emily we wanna save Emily I'm coming
oh no oh no I don't want to tip it oh no
what do I do - I save oh I don't know
guys
I made a mistake in I just killed both
of them
I just killed both of them
I just killed her I just killed that oh
my god I just killed up oh shit no no I
can't do that no no no no no no no no
I'm going back
I haven't once done this before but
screw it I'm going back guys I don't
care okay guys I'm back okay I played
through the whole game again all right
now I don't know why I messed up
probably with clothes I decided to save
Emily but apparently I'm not meant to
save Emily so let's see how this is
gonna work out Emily all right I tried
to save you lost episode all right so I
was going to jump to safety apart all
right that's gonna save her I'll shit
with that saver or with it killer find
the safest way to get you idiots
oh I got to have to do the holding again
stop the safety
she still dies whoops all right let's
try this shit again oh I think we have
to first save Emily all right here and
then one and then fail and then jump to
safety and I think Emily will then drop
to safety - okay jump to safety go
oh Emily
you
dog whoa Emily can't be dead
I did everything right she wasn't up
there I don't know if she's gonna be
dead she must have come down what I
haven't seen her either
she bad I'll be dead did she survive
that looks like we're gonna have to
watch and see her oh shit
Ashley going on around here spooky
spooky ghosts
all right so Ashley and Chris are back
at the house and they're trying to find
Sam all right now I would be out ride
carefully guys because we don't know if
the murderer is still here
all right am i right after huh is there
any ghosts in this house Sammy Sammy
shut up Sam
I kind of door opens by itself
spooky mmm what the shit down a woman
what the hell is going on with this guy
ah did I see what that quit know what
that is that like a see-through shape
like that was a gone boy but God course
let's go what kind of shit Oh Caesar a
door above myself I dig let's go in no
no guys I can hear an electric box I
don't think going down into the cellar
is a very good smart idea oh all right
this promise me our game oh just promise
me draw no jump scares huh all right I
don't care about gotta be kidding what
the hell oh shit oh I thought that was a
scary Buster but it was just a whole
seat pussy yeah
what's happened to her there's some
maniac out here could shoot you you can
see in the windows see what oh no it's
the jump scared no it's a whole scene
with dolls and everything Oh No yeah
that is that why I think it is
jump-scare it's a key Oh what I think
everything's gonna be a jump-scare
nowadays because I don't trust it cuz I
get bloody scaring myself guys I think
the doors were holding a camera just
like when those two twins died at the
beginning they were filming her how mean
is that shit what what when you turn
around
no what idiot he was like what is a
ghost behind me my god shit
what stupid dumb shit great oh thank you
alright I'll ask you why I'm sorry go
help because of what happened with Josh
paying attention I know I'm bad Jesus
Ashley what do you think they notice I'm
here from the sale I don't know they did
it because ghosts don't exist
ok ok who is talking to us at the seance
Chris I don't know oh no what did that
what is that you just jump off the wall
like that
oh no don't scare me please oh it's a
key oh the ghost was telling me to get
the key of the thingy all right Thank
You ghost there you go hmm oh my god you
sure that he saw that see that's you
thought no that's oh shit I see oh hello
is showing us the way it's showing us
the way to the dollhouse mmm it's the
ghost the ghost once I was to save ha
cuz remember the twins they fell off the
cliff cause of the monster like the
ghost wanted me to see this
why all right
oh don't care oh no it exactly is like
the night that they died well what is
going on Oh God it's okay it's not like
anything that's us hiding there waiting
for Han last year oh but it's it's so
accurate I mean that's exactly where I
was sitting and that's where Matt was
was set up by someone who was there or
someone or something that was watching
us maybe it's a warning
I think someone I think someone put this
here to mess with us no it has to be the
ghost is trying to tell us the maniac
killed Hannah and bad it's this bastard
that he's easier trying to fuck with our
heads why would he set this all up Chris
yeah why would he do that
trying to tell us that he's gonna come
after us all - oh sure what is this look
diary oh no it does in his diary I love
that boy the invitations have gone out
the party's gonna happen I hate that I
have to wait so for us Matt and Sam have
definitely said yes nothing from Mike
sad face
he probably phone Josh this afternoon e
XD Mike confirmed everyone being here
together together here on the mountain
it's gonna be so awesome
cozy fires and pot tops and I'm a god
Mike oMG Mike I am so psyched to spend
some time with him I can't read this
totally got obsessing Bob sesang but I
can't help it I don't want to smiley
face that's the worst thing of all the
smiley faces that's where they get you
home from Easter ghosts mr. ghost I
cannot take it I can't take it I know
what is it a ghost it's gonna scare me I
know it is uh-oh
guys but did you they say you're Chris
for real yeah anything could be where to
go what I saw around my face what you
miss nothing
god damn jump scares I'm sick of this
shit
Oh Jess but I'm scared of cockroaches I
thought that's a conscious guy that I
was what was that
Oh earthquake ease so much is going on I
can't even follow house goes wrong Oh
creaky yeah why is this part of the
cellar look out derelict our broken is
now like is this a dream and my dream is
here this is like a whole nother time
yeah did I I don't think I can take any
more of this
oh I'm past my limit here too all I
wanted to do was forget last year ever
happened it's realizable not sure we
Hannah thought she was doing yeah well
you know how it is when you're crushing
pretty hard on somebody great she's
basically saying that we put a
vulnerable friend in a terrible
situation yeah you deeply caused her to
run away and never to be heard from
again
yeah that's exactly what we did Hannah
overacted no we made her look stupid
with you that one clothes away I mean it
likes being made fun of yeah it was
bullying don't bully guys to your face
oh wow what yeah close your eyes
shit we made her look so stupid in front
of all of her friends and the guy she
liked yeah can't imagine doing anything
worse to somebody oh no oh no a bracelet
bracelet and she never takes this thing
off Oh No yeah sounds dead what the shit
is this invoice enclosed Oh taxes these
are these fake why would anyone make
fake newspapers that's a really good
question
fake newspapers all right we're going
down no ash no I've had enough I'm not
going down any further I need to sod
could be there I understand okay I'm
really freaked out too but if Sam's down
there all along with a maniac and we
leave are we reasonably killing her
ourselves
don't reluctant I'm really scared
or let's find Sam let's fight that damn
it
dear sugar all right as fat why are you
always right because I'm crisp ever
course I still hate you all right yeah
ask oh I want to leave no we've got to
find Sam we got to find Sam okay let us
go go and further down are we gonna find
Sam guys what do you think I should end
the episode here just add suspense but I
won't because I want to find Sam Soon a
really weird feeling from all this yeah
oh I just I can't shake the feeling that
those fake newspapers have something to
do with the guy who killed Josh wait
what like like what like it's a setup or
something yeah how it's just it almost
makes sense but I just feels like we're
missing something
yeah well there's a monster all right so
I think that's what they're thinking
about all right so there's a killer
there's also a monster because we know
there's a monster because I died by the
monster so could the B wants to be the
missing link what the shit is this
TV lights what because I'm a control the
TV are the lights from this if someone
playing mind games it's the killer
playing mind games uh-oh where we going
now the basement leads to this oh no oh
no uh what the hell is this on the wall
that's everyone it's a picture of OspA
emily has crosses or not eyes don't tell
me I killed Emily no no no I did
everything right I was bad news
this is really really really really
really really bad news what could this
projector be curse it's from last year
all know is it the tape that we took
stupid Craig oh man uh this is a little
was a little uncomfortable huh yeah this
is uncomfortable
she's just so-so
she's so excited and Allah oh my god she
has no idea she has no idea she's gonna
be dead in like ten minutes
um teenagers run it could be real either
such a rofl participant yeah it was just
a prank I couldn't fail was trouble
couldn't you're worse looks like you
were enjoying her celery that's the
worst part isn't it yeah yeah shut up a
joke it was supposed to be funny
yeah Chris you won't vote - you idiot
and um she died - no duty
oh goody skateboard
what's my gosh yeah why Photon
I'm so confused don't video me for a
second calm down why should I calm down
cause I am freaking there's gotta be
someone messing with us
yeah about it coach don't poke up video
cameras don't play games
then who would set this all up seriously
I'm asking I don't know maybe the same
person who tied you up and killed Josh
yeah yeah same here
might have Sam right now yeah the killer
right I wish I wasn't
oh crap Oh notif all that blood on the
floor okay I'm guessing Sam's in there
yeah all right obviously try to get this
oh no let's have a sample tied up yeah
okay I'll take it myself a savvy bull
died you gotta come through ash I can't
hold it uh-uh-uh
rich what I think I just don't see him
over there I guess are you sure that's
the killer that's the killer yeah well
pretty sure whoever's bleeding came
through here okay so we really gotta get
moving like down oh no oh shit Oh Oh
guys I think I was back booth I think I
was a bad move
come on who said no tequila a clown I
don't get it why would anybody want to
make this place any cooler it's for
evening
it's a cooler owner with screwed
oh yeah that's Sam's clothes it's just
awesome
I'd say that's just sick so psycho has
been down here sure
oh it's nobody it's no real body I hope
not
why is this thing even here billion
dollar question Sam Sam's being tortured
go we go save Sam saves I'm sighs I'm
Simon
run run save Sammy boom Sami so know
she's dead no no no no no no no oh she's
alive who is it I charge that just
unconscious how do you know what's going
all down that's scary
it's wrong she's been knocked out okay
all right oh no guys
no I think I might stop guys
whoops oh no we're all died up shit this
is bad
oh crap this is bad ass oh I'm moving
tied up this is the guy who killed Josh
I'm ready no one is going to die I wish
I could tell you it's just not fair haha
tell me what you want wait Chris what's
the point of it just say we're always
talking around it and now I mean we've
wasted everything none of it was wasted
war
what do you mean every second that I
spent with you was the only thing I ever
wanted to do with my time oh they say
they like each other
are you sure told you how I felt
oh yes I swear when we get out of this
oh and here's the twist
Chris has made one fatal choice already
today
what and now you must make another Oh
Norris you can take that gun in front of
you and shoot Ashley or you can shoot
yourself what the wrestler think and
live the choice is yours don't be so
silly Chris
Oh God
say don't you see
ah oh sure you see that this torture
porn has gone too far
the shit now what gives you the right to
play God these people's life what make
is your special then huh why some are
chillin with the weaker self fuck talk
to him now what the hell have you done
for them huh what the hell have you done
to them psychopath shit psychopath Oh
okay guys that episode was just the best
all right I love it all right every
single episode she's like getting so
much more clickety kakuka kaliesha and I
absolutely love it
anyway guys leave a goddamn like as soon
as soon as soon as we reach eight
thousand likes I'm liable the next
episode I am enjoying it way more than I
thought I would and I really want to
play more and more and more of this
series so yeah if you guys think so too
leave a like upload it straight away
since we hit 8k anyway guys thank you so
much for watching I'm excited I will see
you in the next video man sledder guys
love you back
