hello everyone how is everyone doing in
this room as yourself air and today Lady
Shiva we are back yet again with more on
till dawn baby I am really enjoying this
so far and I'm so glad you guys are too
so be sure to keep up the support by
liking the series and I'm gonna blow the
next episode as soon as we reach eight
thousand likes okay guys so yeah let us
continue baby girls died interesting
history with the Washington family
apparently he had warned them against
pursuing their construction project in
Blackwood Pines and claimed the land was
sacred to his forefathers oh that the
killer Ouija bullshit sister ask her her
sister
Josh it's it's gotta be with sisters at
them oh yeah we got man in tude Oh
oh yeah the killer I forgot about that
we got the killer we've got the stupid
hand coming through the door so much is
going on it's getting good oh yeah
getting naked as well
she could have ducted oh yeah forgot
about that stupid ass girl she got
abducted I didn't know that Oh
Jessica good one you need to run
mikeandfi jessica parker's at one stuff
come on sign it down bullshit where do I
go do I risk the shortcut or do I follow
the path I'm gonna risk it I risk it for
the chocolate biscuits oh I love
biscuits oh no it's risky what do we do
good Trump events are so entertaining I
love them yes Jessie how is shouting a
name for the helper okay it's shitting
yourself oh shit how do I get down don't
do it you're gonna die go do it
oh shit he's gonna shoot us hello don't
jump-scare
that's just oh shit what happened to her
it's a monster I think that was a
monster drop down oh shit maybe I'm
gonna grab that Oh
if I miss that shortcut I might have
died I love the hardness it slide out I
mean doc
I mean jump oh shit oh I fell okay it's
okay
I didn't kill me Oh what do we do now go
go go
just don't think just do it just do it
yeah if I mess it up I would've died -
Jessica Jessica okay risks like now I'm
taking all the risks guys we must save
Jessica oh he's dead
I'm dead it's gonna fall it's gonna fly
Mikey boy he calls himself Mikey boy oh
shit he's gonna die I know it is oh I
can hear everywhere she oh shit Jessica
you down here
oh don't look me now okay where does she
guys she isn't here I said we just heard
back now just assume that she's dead all
nervous a totem is it's gonna be a death
totem don't die anyone oh it's worthy
what was the point in that our guidance
told him pissed off wolfy now the
important thing guys is to stay calm I'm
sure she's fine I'm sure you're gonna be
fine just stay with me
just promise me you don't drive because
the comment section they'll never know
never forgive me
all right just calm down I'm coming all
right
the shouting does not make me go any
faster I wish I could run in this game
but you can't for some reason so Jessica
are you here Oh guys this looks freaky
oh yeah Jess oh my gosh you're scared
but you okay oh my god I don't like this
game
keeping it makes me scared oh you're
gonna are you gonna love me Katie will
protect me won't you kitty I love you
kitty look at that cutie giddy
it will protect me yes he will alright
now go away now
she is so dead she is so goddamn dead
what the hell what is this monster shit
guys Oh what the shit I got it just
shoot it they died oh my god I shot it
Mike mine's only 12
I mean midnight 12 oh shit quick
comments or I need to go straight guys
don't talk to me and you could
concentrate
I shut up alright climb climb this bitch
we need to kill this monster or killer
whoever this shit is go quick I can the
QuickTime event I don't care come on and
okay ready ready okay and one more yes
right I'm sick of QuickTime events guys
if there's one thing I'm good at he's
cooked up events be easy Mike okay what
are you doing now I throw it off okay
that was a big jump who is that
is that the guy he didn't look like a
guy that bloody pulled her away young
man could pull a girl like that oh shit
I don't know who that is
uh I thought I don't get what's going on
I thought it was a monster I didn't want
to shoot that guy buyers or should I say
Chikara main guy should I've shot that
guy oh no that's the one I think I made
a mistake guys oh I have no idea what's
going on and I kind of like it oh this
game is fun I now know why people like
it's game cuz it's like you don't know
what's going on woo I thought sorry
alright so we're back outside all right
with the st. Jessica I don't we're doing
our side Mike alright go turn around and
say Jessica cuz if she's dead my coma
section won't bloody kill on no in the
cold a sweat letter give me the heebie
jeebie chilly Willie's more too cold
what is that what is that place Oh God
that's where the guys going
oh shit okay now we're going back to
these guys there's a killer or some guy
in a mask who attacked Chris and this
girl should be I forgot actually that's
it Chris and Ashley we are screwed
god damn it kitty go away Ashley should
scary blood oh no Sh
Ashley's God oh shit the doors open
Ashley don't tell me she's outside I
finally prepared to go outside that's
too scary for me what is over here oh no
oh no don't tell me this is dead Ashley
scare me what is this
Oh Shh pig's head what the hell's going
on guys oh no another totem you're
kidding me don't who would you have to
tell about the future
that's all Raven guys
I can hear a crowing actually I asked
him here where are you you you tied you
up what the hell is that Chris are you
there hello and thank you all for
joining me tonight what we're gonna get
a little a comparative sort of test now
for this experiment we'll need the
cooperation of our two test subjects
Joshua and naturally but we're gonna
need one more participant to help decide
which subject we'll live please please
please everyone calm down it's all very
simple Christopher you will find the
lever placed directly in front of you
all you have to do is choose who you
will say
oh no don't let me do this okay okay
okay it's gonna be okay
buddy I can't think strangers
we're doing thought I'd let you sit I
save I feel safe Josh okay okay I don't
know I don't know okay George she's
already lost his sisters or I'm gonna
save Ashley I'm sorry
No
don't look at I love dummies okay I'm
coming guys I'm gonna do that I'm
running you down what the hell we're
gonna get you out here
got it go okay
shit he's dead
I thought I could save everyone oh shit
he's these to our world coming together
killed if I know this is insane we need
to go
Matt we need to go get help now yeah we
to go now ASAP oh shit this is bad and
we should work for the others Mike and
Jess are off sixty-nining each other and
who knows where salmon ditches in the
lodge fine fine you're right get
everyone else together but if there's a
maniac running around I think we need to
get some help too right not just wait
around yeah okay why are we still
talking about this let's go let's go oh
no what do we do oh my goodness poor
going I can't believe I killed him I
don't have a choice though did I Oh piss
off the guys okay oh there's the little
zombie that tried to scare me how funny
put his legs up listen I paid you $16 an
hour you piece of shit things are
getting pretty tense up there yeah I'll
say it's not going the way you hope
that's okay yeah it's going fine oh shit
I don't know what do you want or who are
you what do you mean I'm trying to help
you help me I miss you you understand
that it's not good for you it's not good
for they said join me to play your
shitty game or not like a psychiatrist
particularly honest in the way you play
to continue with this elaborate so don't
tell I didn't even know what that means
listen dude you trying to freak the side
to freak me out okay what you're not
real
wait who are you you don't exist you
don't exist
wait what huh the heart of the problem
it all comes down to is he real huh what
is the dream my dad what's going on oh
shit okay
I'm gonna continue because I want to
know what the hell's gonna go on I can't
be back on there alright Jessica so
funny yeah we get it just cuz dad
there's one individual shooting as a
person of interest but his whereabouts
are currently unknown lore is still the
old sanatorium on the mountain did he be
hiding there wait what is there a murder
rap okay we're going to the sanatorium
because they were following the guy that
we saw
I'm confused guys where how was this
murderer be able to get all to these
places at once okay that's not good yes
look how dirty is but why is it so good
I don't member being that day when I
left off Wolfie I had a vision about the
Wolfie Oh kitty got away what so being
on my screen
stick with nicotine stick with me
hey I'm scared Jesus gave me did you go
away oh shit man with wolfs what the way
to look okay easy does it now Dona
attract no wolfy wolfy
don't come what visions have you have
about the future
boredom what the hell all right that's
nice how do we get into this scary place
oh Jesus Christ guys if I was in the
situation I would never ever try and get
in here this is some scary shit man is
it locked
I bet it's locked oh it's not locked
it's open oh hell no oh hell no I would
never do this know in a bajillion
Willian years was that noise is that
wolfy
I think it's wolfy uh-oh what is that a
bolt give a dog a bone except it's a
wolf uh-oh
one see this man's face okay we need to
find a way to get through this door
because it's locked and chased down this
guy because he bloody killed my girl I
guess we're going down here oh no guys
I've got a bad feeling about this this
is actually I'm actually like quite
scared right now
okay I don't know why I mean like before
jump scares weren't really scary but
like the whole the whole being in this
environment is kind of spooky all right
following a guy with wolves I don't know
guys something about it just gives me
the heebie-jeebies all right I mean
it'll be okay I'm sure we'll be okay
we'll go through here all right open Oh
crow easy
oh shit Indies what's gross about it
bring the machete is a weapon you might
need it to kill that guy a sign on the
wall there's how many days will they
keep us here
are people being kept here or oh I'm
scared I meant to go through here oh
hell no hell no dog jumps get me guys
was that a restraining chair and there's
blood on it guys that blood looks new
okay that blood looks new doesn't it I'm
feeling a jump-scare I'm feeling a
jump-scare
feeling your jobs good what is that guys
guys
oh hell no oh hell no oh hell no
Oh No watch out watch out guys it's a
trap I this is so a trap this is the
biggest trap I have ever seen in my
entire life should I do it so do it
Oh No they'll leave me who's gonna kill
me oh no I told you is a trap guys oh
shit
oh no I have to cut off my own finger
screw that open bear trap or amputate
fingers I don't know open the bear trap
oh no maybe I should have done that guys
come on do it do it do it my fingers oh
shit
awkward but I don't know I know I
shouldn't have done that I shouldn't
have done that I shouldn't have done
that I should have done that I should
know that
I'm so screwed okay open bear trap fire
I was on the committee I'm an idiot I'm
an idiot I'm an idiot
didn't I learn the first two times
didn't I learn the first two times
okay so I kept my fingers all my word
shit fuck do you think I should have my
fingers I don't know no oh shit guys I
thought I had to amputate my fingers but
I I don't know I risked it ah thank God
I kept my fingers I thought I was gonna
die there what is this is this a
crematorium
oh no look at that it's opening Oh No
jump-scare it's gonna jump scare me
isn't it is that a zombie
oh that's nasty
oh I can't deal with this shit's nasty
asshole Oh what is this a punching card
Oh
nasty man that's blood everywhere oh no
this is a trap it's locked too
oh I've got a card now oh now I can
unlock shit oh okay okay go up the
stairs Jesus Christ I don't know I like
these guys
dispatching obscure we have enough for
ages but it's gonna make me do quick
time events I know it is shit
don't kill me Wolfie I will not die by
the wolf all right I made it Jesus
Christ
oh what's that noise oh shit does he
know I'm here he must know I'm here
didn't you hear me like slam the door
yeah man they're saying good homie this
ain't good alright now that we have this
key card we can now enter this room okay
OOP I be careful that with the wolfy's
all right there's wolfies right here
wolfy
I didn't hit it easy boy easy
oh my god the wolf is friendly oh my god
I think I've realized Titan and that's
why I didn't hit him good thing I didn't
attack the wolf oh shit I even I'll even
realized you had to hit him but it was
good thing I didn't hit him because it's
wolf he's friendly I'm shit watch out
watch out watch out watch out approach
because I remember seeing a totem that
said the wolf II was friendly oh this is
it this is bad this is bad this is bad
okay he's a good guy my friends are
dying but good you good you good
what an idiot what the hell is this what
the hell huh it's a hole all right Cole
got a jacket that's gonna come in useful
in the bloody cold alright what careful
careful
is that a gun shit we need that gun guys
we need to get that gun in case we need
to kill someone alright move this out oh
I've got the gun grab it oh yeah we got
a gun baby
what is this freak local man found dead
clippings wall
can I read into it alright this guy is
weird I don't know what's his purpose
was he doing here Anna seems to be a
chest here anything in the chest no jobs
guys right okay there's a chest I can't
really get me a jump scare right right
right oh it's just bones give a dog a
bone
yeah yeah give the Wolfie a fat day
happy bone wilfy would you like a bell I
love him so much I wanted to bring him
along because he's like my best friend
in our particular all right so he went
through here right oh don't shoot it no
no I want to shoot it
no no no no no no no that's a stupid
idea right that's a stupid idea right
right right right
alright well I did anyway okay I could
not do it even let me back out what
stupid shit is that just being in this
place is freaking me out guys I swear
all right now we're following this guy I
look at that like scary as hell hold up
oh no this looks like a scary one hello
yeah screw that
ah now we're going to the mineshaft
which this on the barrel hello it's a
padlock of course Marshall shoot it
all right just make a bunch of racket
okay shoot the look Oh No
I started a fire oh oh oh oh oh all
right
God died
who's this guy there's the killer oh
shit guys it's locked there's the killer
he's watching everything locked that is
we're seriously uncool shit you could
just climb over it literally the gates
like this the same length as you you can
literally hop over it but oh no it's
luck we must go around great another
totem how lovely
these always give me good news like this
oh shit imagine seeing your own death
being foretold in the total well dude
don't die alright that's good good tip
for you so I guess you can't save
everyone guys I was pretty sure you
could save everyone but I guess he's
dead so what can I do alright there's an
axe here
- alright look at it being strong man
wait why is there an axe to the door the
door yeah listen you stupid Zell we
start smashing shit down he's gonna hear
us
yeah got any better suggestions look
look what window that's great Matt I can
just about fit my lip balm through that
little spot look at mana you will never
fit through there big guy yeah but you
might you stupid oh go shut up pussy
stupid go one get it I'm a strong man
huh I'm a strong man alright be careful
the monster could be here I mean the guy
of someone ransacked the place look it's
also like ransack what happened what the
hell is dies die die die
one who who got to Chris and ash and
Josh adios the only way back
I'm good I don't know
oh shit what do we do guys shut up I'm
trying to concentrate we think we're
trying to warm which one dude look at
this Scott they ransacked the place fire
tower fire tower although they wrote
died everywhere unfollow oh shut up
em you're the kind of guy I hate just
tell yourself already I'm smart
that's what I'm saying we should go to
the tower
alright calm down
disagree this head back agree we'll get
that radio hmm
I cannot connect network servers what or
I agree I think we should go to the
radio tower we can use the radio to call
for help
somebody's got to pick up the sim all
right there's no point sitting at home
and waiting to be dead all right we need
to make some what rules wait what what
was rule number one Emily is always
right won't rule number two nothing else
matters because Emily is always right I
hate this honor
listen if I was y'all take this axe and
killer going sweet where's the swing but
the killer stupid go what is she doing
ah a smart wait where's not a lead - oh
she made it over there well what's the
purpose of that yeah I'm coming I'm
coming
ah guys this screams like that why don't
we just go the way we came why are we
going here if I miss I could come bet
you to die I'm leaving joking oh shit
she nearly died oh my god they're gonna
fall and die it's slippery snow as well
Oh screw that screw that screw that look
down oh shit she's feeling faint don't
them what could it mean now what could
it say let us watch now a flag on me oh
my god I thought she was gonna shoot me
oh what's that
whoa what is that oh that's some us
thingies phone from the beginning of a
game Beth she dropped her phone running
away from the monster
Beth's wrong I thought the police like
swept the whole area I guess not and
where are you going look how high we are
up guys damn oh this
screams danger danger cliff no shit
alright what was the purpose of showing
me in this cliff is something gonna
chase me down the cliff something's
gonna chase him down the cliff I called
it I called it
oh my stars
oh no the reindeer this is where I die
is now
shit now we're back to that stupid this
girl just chilling in the hot tub naked
oh shit
she was right there
do you realize no I could see a bit bum
bum bum no bum
oh man DD's no I can't see titties me
know anything
ah what a disappointment it's my clothes
really oh shit
the killer took her clothes oh no she's
got to do this naked oh no this is bad
news I'm not complaining you know I mean
she's making everything wait what is
that is that a balloon Oh a balloons
pointing this way
uh-oh uh-oh SpaghettiOs
okay stupid clock see I don't know if
I'd only said stupid balloons pointing
this way
balloons pointed that way oh she has no
idea
everyone knows something's up except for
her she's the only one now I just really
want this to be over
all right she has no idea what she's in
for she's gonna get killed by this
murderous man and she is not gonna
suspect it at all with this I really
don't appreciate the silent treatment
here Sam's dead I'm sorry guys I feel
like it's a sign but she's gonna die
here oh it's so jigsaw I'd like to play
a game for me I want you to show me your
tees and I win I have Oh No
she's gonna shun the dead dude open your
eyes Oh make it
isn't she a beautiful bathing birth I do
you think she has any idea what lies
ahead do you think these were the last
happy moments of this creatures life why
are you watching what else you saw him I
just died
I'm going to give you 10 seconds 10 9
for what she's gonna die
throw bars or run I don't know throw Vaz
on how nice I love how they give you
loads of time to think about that
because I didn't know what to do or I
need to jump there's no point hiding we
to run with a run okay all right stay
carbons either stay calm guys or is this
going like on a common Oh
leave a pebbles their stones ow move
with stones on the floor are scarier
running with a towel
oh no no handle for so pole was pulling
I'm screwed and she was postman yeah she
was gone close no man I'm loving this
episode this is really intense I love it
oh shit so much is going on so I'm gonna
spooky wookies powerful butterfly effect
what was all about I'll screw this this
is scary as hell
wait I thought I was in the house why
why is it led me to this derelict part
of the house I don't remember this being
here what the hell just run I'm not
hiding screw that I don't want to be
here
I've messed up all guys I'm so sorry ok
guys I swear this is probably my
favorite episode so far there's so much
crazy shit going on I know I understand
why people like this game now like it is
really good and it's really like intense
and there's so many questions so I'm was
just going on now you have no idea
what's going on I'm an upload the next
episode soon as we reach eight thousand
likes I really hope you what we do it
quick so I could play more of this
goddamn game anyway guys I hope you're
enjoying the series because I definitely
am and I will see you in the next video
man so the guys love you back
