hello everyone how is it going doing it
is mesh yourself there today we are
going to be reacting to some of the
scariest public service announcement
videos now I've made so many videos on
public service announcements before but
today we're gonna be focusing on public
service announcements that are related
to drinking okay now I know this is like
quite a risky topic alright
this video will probably get demonetized
because of it but I think that these
videos are in some way educational
alright because they teach you about you
know drinking responsibly you know and
you know like as a kid you know these
sort of videos would scare me and this
is why like I never drank even though
when I became like legal to drink
because you know I was very scared of
the kind of person that alcohol wouldn't
would make you okay so I think like
these videos are very educational and I
think should be seen by all ages because
alcohol is something that's legal in
most places and alcohol is very
dangerous because if you are an
irresponsible person you know you could
harm yourself if you drink too much
alcohol okay so yeah today's video will
be focusing on like drinking safety
alright if you're an adult
please think drink responsibly if you're
under the age you know don't drink
before the age limit and make sure you
are very careful and not a stupid idiot
okay so yeah let's just watch the some
of these videos all right so we've got
some women who are on a night out oh-huh
balloon
you know being a super hero saving blue
slime in the scuffle bit whoa you're
gonna flip okay see how Batman is you
know so scary or anything oh no too much
alcohol makes you feel invincible when
you're most vulnerable whoa holy shit
oh okay do you guys get it because
basically that wasn't Batman even though
it did look like Batman it wasn't Batman
it was a guy who thought he was a
superhero and he could save that woman's
balloon because he was drunk but he
wasn't he was he was too drunk and then
and then he died okay yeah guys yeah
please do not think that you're some
hero who could save some person's
balloons all right their balloons all
right go all right so we've got some
guys thanks for the tip-off it's down
the road in Regent Street no I thought
we were supposed to get a warning we
just did nice right I'm off okay Oh
help Mike thanks for help me go on one
mores not gonna kill you
hi I'm still capable of driving thank
you Oh a long time Mike and nothing's
happened to me yet oh okay so I think
this is like an Australian advert and
this guy had one too many beers but his
friends were pressuring him to have
another beer oh god guys I I mean I'm
not a smart person or anything but I can
see where this is going
see you fellas oh god his dad's all
sluggish oh my god no worries mate no
worries okay so these guys are gonna go
off in their car
all right the road seems safe
that Billy's got in there no no watch
out there you go watch out where you're
going that what's out where you're going
okay kids look both sides make sure
nothing happens to the kids all right I
was just here if he's oh no they're
finding oh right oh did you redo koala
bear
ah
if you drink then drive you're a bloody
idiot oh my goodness guys I couldn't
have said it any better myself you are a
bloody bear koala bear barbecued shrimp
on the barbie you're a bloody idiot yeah
guys so now you know what I'm sort of
talking about all right yeah they make
alcohol seem so scary just the fact that
you had one more bear that you then you
want it too and now you just killed
yourself and your son you know they kind
of scare you into these kind of things
you know but yeah you shouldn't be
drinking and driving anyway all right
how stupid are you all right justjust
just go taxi or something it's not that
hard
Malcolm has recently been promoted well
today CEO CEO of photocopy oh okay you
see now why yesterday he was on a night
out with his regional manager okay yeah
really
Derek they were bonding same way
Derek handed Malcolm a drink Oh big shot
for me big gun uh-oh
but Malcolm had already had one Oh drive
in he said I'm driving and a sad drink
warm matter yeah
okay yeah all right one second they're
talking next thing you know they're but
it got crashed in out that even left the
pop and they're already dead hello are
they alive no no sorry okay said well he
had a flash he had a flash-forward no no
I'm the one who's sorry not only
regional manager who's been sent to
Siberia
returned a TBC oh no it's a Siberian now
wait what
TV said to be confirmed thought a copy
ah what alive ah so it's but alive okay
so I can kind of see it alright so he he
got pressured you know had that peer
pressure of drinking but you know what
at least he's alive okay I like the fact
that all right because it's not too
extreme you know oh we got another ones
Brendan Brendan this is in the spare
room
spare a little I love what's not late
Brendan's wife Sandra calls Oh his wife
okay needed pick it up she need to pick
it up Rendon was on his second glass no
so shouldn't do it not it Sandra
awkward awkward mom she said you'd be
fine she wants a lift out of the rain
huh oh I'm sorry love I can okay Oh
hundra's language became very colorful
oh look at her she is proper cross oh
that is not good
so that's wife in the spare bedroom
Brendan's been exiled to the spare room
oh no one's in the doghouse
ah but alive what a lie ah a second
drink could double your chance of being
in a fatal collision man alright it's
kind of true alright yeah please do not
drink and drive alright how stupid can
you be to drink and drive you know don't
let anyone peer pressure you as well
alright I shouldn't let anyone pressure
you into anything
you know because yeah anyway okay so we
got a guy brushing his teeth there's a
garden food obviously oh boy dead in the
floor oh no I know what happened he must
have killed this kid
now he's getting reminded oh no oh there
it is our outside it's in the park where
is that his son there next to him oh no
oh no oh no he can't sleep at night
either kill your speed or live with it
it's dirty for a reason oh my goodness
guys I don't know about you but that
that kind of gave me like goose bumps
and chills
you know man like thinking about you
know like like this is why driving is
kind of scary you know like like these
these things that you drive it has the
power to take someone's life you know
and you never ever want to have that
like hanging on your head you know like
I can't I can't even imagine the stress
that would cause me you know I wouldn't
be able to live with myself and that's
something that would haunt me and I
guess that sort of advert is you know
resembling you know the the thought of
you know you taking away someone's life
like that
man you know it's scary you know please
don't drink and drive and please be
it'll save on the roads Jesus Oh God
okay that's connect ok drinking and
driving Rex lives holy crap ok alright
I like making me like emotional and I
don't know what to think about it yeah
so I think that advert was basically
saying that the dad must have killed
someone and like everyone's giving like
their child like eat like evil looks at
school because they know what their dad
did that he was drunk and killed someone
but wouldn't he be in jail if you I
think drink driving you know you get
thrown in jail
so yeah but yeah Jesus Christ ok yeah I
guess that's kind of showing the
psychological harm that you know doing
something nice would have on your family
you know not even yourself but also your
wife and your child okay alright pain a
bit too close to home alright we get it
you know we won't drink and drive
anymore you don't have to you know make
me feel bad okay a very old
advertisement again so these guys are
drinking
time where the weather returned a lot of
songs with me where are times to scare
we go reading ring every day knowing a
man okay alright everyone's happy
everyone singing everyone drinking and
this guy's driving and they crashed the
car cuz he was drinking
oh god okay they're dead in the
summertime drinking and driving wrecks
even more lives okay yeah alright wait
way to ruin that song okay I mean I love
that song alright now I'm just gonna
think of in the summertime not to drink
it drive because this family just died
okay yeah alright I think they all have
a similar fate theme of don't drink and
drive but it's the way that the shocking
people alright that they're showing it
things like very graphically you know
and Anna and it kind of freaks me out
alright we'll go ahead all right so our
mates for make this Australian Mike I
think it's Australian Mike
oh thanks awesome sexy girls always
drinking always drinking too much guys
look mate no he killed his friend no
right oh man Dave Dave oh it's not as
may any moist become Dave if you drink
then you're a bloody idiot man the
Australians aren't messing around
alright
they had all the mates come round you
know and then he killed his own May and
now he's not even a May anymore that's
the worst thing he's now just Dave and
that's just guys kind of sad actually
guys alright I think I think there's so
many Australian adverts because you know
the Australians love to drink
all right so someone needs to be getting
through there their heads to stop
drinking in El Pais Australian guide
oh fuck you don't know what you're
talking about my you just make this
stuff up they do to another boys
geniuses
oh no he's had too many oh we can barely
stand
no oh now he's on the floor it's a
daughter soul
oh man it's not the drinking it's how
we're drinking oh man yeah it kind of
just makes you think you know like
alcohol you know it's it's so fun and
fun and well but yeah like you turn into
an idiot when you're drunk like you like
you turn into an actual idiot you know I
like and I don't want to be I don't want
anyone to look at me and think that I'm
an idiot
all right so yeah like like why would
you ever want to get that drunk you know
you just look you just look like an
embarrassment all right yeah this is
another reason why you know you should
shouldn't drink as much you know cuz you
look like you look like just just it
just to look embarrassing okay I'm
embarrassed to know this kind of person
you know all rights are lost I think
it's the same thing but with a woman all
right this woman shrieking she doesn't
feel like she can talk so she's drinking
more oh okay she's loosening up
available more oh now it's get a bit to
you loose and it's who's crazy I'll no
shot no no
this is fascist inside this pad oh shut
the clock now Oh watch out watch out oh
no oh God some creepy guys talking to us
watch out watch out I don't know who
this guy is
oh no these guys take it off no way okay
they didn't show anything but you know
what could happen next right like yeah
this is the thing for women as well you
know like like you don't want to put
yourself in a position where you feel
defenseless and vulnerable where some
creepy guy could just you know you know
be evil you know guys are evil you know
and if they see it's someone that they
could take advantage of you know they'll
do it oh I see so yeah Jesus Christ okay
yeah that's kind of scary all right yeah
I know these adverts are meant to sort
of scare people and everything but yeah
they kind of work for me you know right
because now I feel like I never want to
you know drink another beer ever in my
entire life anyway I'm gonna end the
video there guys thank you guys so much
for watching if you're gonna take
anything from this video is to know the
dangers of alcohol alright whether you
can drink or whether you know you're
still underage you know be very much
well aware that alcohol is legal and you
should pretty much stay away from it
either way though these guys so much
watching and I'll see you in the next
video man slowly guys but why
