how's it going guys is no no no hello
I'm trying something different people
are used to have a it's on a t-shirt
that's just crazy everyone how is
everyone doing it is dr. Nash yourself
okay
my mum is finally proud of me because I
have finally become a doctor no longer
disappoint but making the bloody videos
is she proud no so some of the guys make
of the game surges similar base it's
never heard of it shut up so some of you
guys may have out of the game surgeon
simulator now basically they've made a
virtual reality version of their game
alright so that's what we will play
today because it looks pretty funny I
think something the exact same layout as
usual game is stupid bottom keeps
running
you stupid Susan what is it hello mum is
that you how many patients have I killed
uh not many yet mum oh nice well let's
start why for the beginning and let's do
a heart surgery in the hospital all
right Bob I'm coming - yes right nurse
thank you all right what we got here
we've got Bob with his rib cage open
Jesus Christ this looks exactly like the
game now I'm thinking in virtually this
game is gonna be easy peasy lemon II
kidney look like a monster light bouncy
bouncy bouncy what we got here this wall
looks pretty cool alright I can see
there's an x-ray of a man and also a dog
what's the purpose of this camera doctor
selfie Wow I think I can actually use
this camera if I turn this knob whoa it
gives me different views look this
fearsome right up there listen I'm not
good doctor Bob
so you made
new day is that okay this view for
behind me if someone watching me well
hang a second why is this door locked
with a broom am i doing them illegal
bloody operation I'm hired by the Mafia
night it's the camera view look I can't
take a selfie with my hands
look how cool I am
I've got glasses on for some reason so I
give you a doctor rap yo my name is
Brandon that's not a doctor rent yo man
I'm a doctor
yeah yeah look at no gangster shit yeah
take a selfie with my homie yeah yeah
see how it is anyway I'm getting
strapped it so handable form a heart
surgery on mr. Bob now I played so
similar for all right I would say I'm a
pretty good sir doctor we must do is
you've got any to you one my personal
favorite is the radio now what you want
to do six years of medical college
taught me this is you want to first open
up his rib cage never lost a patient
Thanks I saw my whole life studying to
save lives and
I can do it just stop telling me I
didn't sign up for this this isn't funny
that's the first thing they teach you in
medical school is you always use a radio
to break up in someone's rib cage and
one arm or teaser before I go
this video is sponsored by maurices big
brown balls in your mouth I've met Bob
you know what I said you might died
today
well now you could have no idea the
things that come out of my mouth on Plan
B the radio was a shit idea all right
Bob for this song is shit
let's play something that will get me in
the mood to surgeon on boy well I'm
gonna need to take a short form a bit of
vodka all right well or the radio with
the bus so let's try a screwdriver all
right guys now if you wanna become a
doctor it requires a steady hand easy I
kind of got the screwdriver in you can I
just get that out all right good new
some bad news good news is Bob isn't
dead but bad news is is he's losing a
lot of blood he's probably gonna die the
next ten seconds this is where I caught
two when him dying
yeah blah oh he's dead just got a
patiently wait for me to make that joke
any second now
I did say ten so he's dead how do I tell
pops wife and his little baby daughter
factory had all right guys I'm gonna be
here all day if I keep making jokes so
let's play the game properly easy-peasy
break the hammer just took it out
subcase guys he don't need his rib cage
all right I was only paid to transfer
his heart get his lungs out of here he
don't need lungs where he's going with
the hoses oh it's a stomach oh now we
take the scalpel ladies gentlemen and we
make one small incision but at the
bottom of stomach book and his stomach
step Bob are you hungry
well it can't be because you've got no
sperm I've used um which make another
small incision just at the top of the
stomach
book and that gets you stupid stop
Cole okay we'll just put you down
scary stomach Q now this is the hard
part lazy German this is what I spent
one whole year studying at Medical
School we then now have to remove the
heart one over here and now one over
here yeah there we go
the heart is now removed all right it's
new hot over here open up this case huh
oh I know now what we do is we give it
me know what I'm gonna do a sweetheart
strips over this hot alright this could
go horribly wrong and ruin the Harper
Asian but it's worth it watch this
three two max get out of it those mafia
bosses that I've been paying me for this
illegal operation they pay big money for
that hard I've just lost it need to go
okay wait wait come on let's go but I am
a Messier boss three two one
oh my god I'm an MLG doctor baby that's
right six years of medical school to to
that one baby doctor miss yourself in
the house baby
alright so that was the heart transplant
pretty simple
already killed him twice so now let's
move on to the kidney transplant this
one is not that great so I'm gonna
quickly speed run through it
because I know what I'm doing all right
what we got here alright so a bit lower
this time we've cut open his intestines
if you didn't know leizerman this is
where poo comes from everyone put booze
in wee wees even alright so now I
actually don't know how to remove
intestines I'm pretty sure you can't
remove intestines here's a doctor factor
fee max if you actually take out your
intestines and roll them all out they're
the same length as a football pitch
that's probably wrong if it is wrong
a TAS game will pop up now so step
number one you take a scalpel and you
make one decision yeah oh shit on this I
mean yeah I mean yeah Bob oh shit
step number two grab another scalpels is
the one you had fell in his body I had
no I I made it I don't actually know oh
I did it okay I know I said it was the
same knife as a football pitch but look
here's your intestines this is where
your gums Rob oh yeah now these other
intestines decision goes here I mean
here I mean here hmm I did it look now
his intestines gonna be thrown away
look at me I'm such a smart doctor all
we do is we make two small incisions
right next to his kidneys and then now
could be removed oh no he just dies all
right so three patients dead yeah with
kidneys and he can now be given no ones
Oh open up here these bad boys good luck
is he for you what good luck you see for
you what there you go Bob you're gonna
love these kidneys we got it from an
8-year old boy that died this morning
I'm booked
balloons and everything for a successful
operation I am so happy yeah did you
love me one too many times before
okay I can't keep doing this please
don't call me a work ever again okay
done hot dunk kidneys now next is the
brain hello Bob
what does shit I may have forgot to pay
my electricity bill
doctors Oh piss off am I supposed to do
this whole operation using this torch
well tough times Bob okay you could have
gone with private health care okay but
you decided to go with me you know what
Bob I'm so happy that you have that much
faith in me or step number one crack his
skull open
daddy Deanie Nina due to the high school
a baja slowly chip away his skull there
we go Bob you don't need a skull okay or
he needs new brain because you're a dumb
shit all right so now we cut below the
brain like this there we go whoopsie
poopsie poopsie means vagina an Indian
if I have no electricity then how the
hell much worse to afford to run this
equipment grab the new brain just like
that
and Bob you should be alone that's gonna
do really good punch it's okay or
another love where did you boom kidneys
boom-boom apparently I didn't know this
but the game was updated ages ago
to add eye surgery noses in the game uh
how the shit do I start this look I've
got pregnant paper giving mouth smell
thirteen you do your act et oh yes
chickens
how does one take up some ones I do I
just keep smashing oh I'm just gonna
keep smashing his face
oh maybe stick this scalpel in his eye
my BOB may have a scalpel in his eye
just gonna
have to take this back off you know Bob
let go Bob your eyes sort of
funny-looking there's a jar of just eyes
here do I just put them in eight Bob Bob
you want to go for a night oh how about
this white smiley face one it looks fine
to me
balloons the next one is dentist Bob you
need new teeth do you then what the hell
did you wrap it off with this mask you
dumps okay cut it over there and then
also cut it over here you do have some
disgusting it's disgusting team all
right so I think I have to take out his
monkey black teeth all right I could
just knock out all of his teeth all
right but I'll be nice and try not and
knock out the brown ones
look look oh okay and may have not one
half alright I think that's it
all right Bob he just hold that for a
second all right so he's fat teeth I
just over here I'm dropping all of them
don't fall took I got it
open wide oh shit easy easy Bob give him
up my hand what are you doing all right
well I just got the back according to my
nose take it to any to this one
apparently I did it
that was surgeon simulator your doctor
man yourself giving the finest surgeries
in the whole of the world anyway guys
thank you so much for watching I love
each and every single one of you and if
I could I would all give you kisses
leave a like if you enjoyed if we reach
10,000 I'll do more hey guys thank you
so anyway guys thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you in the next
video of mine
dr. mess yourself out
bam-bam-bam-bam-bam-bam tan tan tan
tan-tan tan tan-tan
poopsie means vagina an Indian
