hello everyone how is everyone doing in
his measure selfie at the day ladies gym
and you guys read the title we are back
with the lost goddamn episode of South
Park the stick of truth so we I so in
today's video we are gonna be finishing
off South Park thank you guys so much
for the spoiler series so far
okay playing this game I know it's an
old game but playing back this game has
made me really pumped for the new South
Park game that I think's coming out
early next year so yeah that's the
reason why I did do this series and I
will definitely do their next game when
it comes out but yeah thank you guys so
much with support in the series so far
and let's see if South Park will be
saved or not from the Nazi Zombies cuz
that's the story that we're doing right
now
Wow alright let's give the translated
piece of paper that we got from Canada
to one of these guys who wants it you
the guy's house let's go to cocktails oh
my goodness
Clyde's house is scary up there dungeon
with swords and sorcery use photon
torpedoes to vaporize for Klingon
through the hemorrhoid Kevin Kevin god
damn it come on you fucking time every
time Kevin fucking damn it Kevin who
would fight a Kevin ha ha ha
yes oh look everybody's go look
everyone's gonna be up drive
ah shit with the girls the goats come on
this guy's out with the hair it was
wedding in my house we must take down
the gate are things back home after the
fight so I don't get grounded oh shut up
artists Atkins right come on this could
be the last time we fight again feet
with each other butters professor chaos
where are you whatever you choose I said
oh yeah butters you goddamn crazy
ow oh shit I died anal probe to hear
come on play it destroy the power is it
now oh now we won't get a lecture fat oh
I killed brilliance I cut my face
they've got look it
oh shit cookie run run run for hiding Oh
buddy come on Oh Kenny they're showing
them boobies uncle the nicest Russian
Kenny climb the ladder oh shit
the Nazis the Nazis a head it's salsa
Friday oh my goodness look how many
Nazis they're up but in the psyche oh no
I I do not think I can do this I just
like making our shit as cats and
everything
hey what just me out what pussy ah I
don't know come on dragon's breath use
your unicorn stampede
uh come on Bob I need your help
yeah I'm doing good actually oh damn
talk about a buff come on Jimmy what
birds have you got lullaby put enemies
to sleep let's do that close your eyes
no more thinking bad think about uh oh
shit what does the brown note do oh shit
my uses before here's a little ditty
they don't make your pension I made them
shit themselves I need the help of Kyle
come on Carl get your stupid face in
here come on use rein of our on my god
oh shit I messed up oh shit oh whoops oh
shit this is bad man ow all right let's
try random errors again but this time
let's make it work come on W and s and W
whoa oh my goodness that was probably
the hardest battle I've ever done
cheese up we go to loading screen huh
it's a cutscene
holy shit here's the flagyl beard clear
the path yeah like circu yay oh no
that's my job cooking use dragon shelf
okay that's one tower down let's get the
other one
shoot this Lantern then cut the spell
I've destroyed it
now open the bridge it's open we can now
go defeat that guy which I forgot his
name
oh shit Nazi house what do we do what do
we do what do we do what do we do I
don't know what to do you guys know what
to do
compass bow maybe yeah Oh couple smile
couple spoke Nagasaki okay I can do that
hey go alike come on I could whatever
use fire against fire I can fall I can
fall that would see how you fare against
the dark look keep a thousand heads up
ow oh no no the cows oh my god cracker
16,000 elf and the cows have okay
the cows only have 1600 listen cow
something a Nazi I would kill you first
professor chaos I need your help
whoa oh no the cows out shit oh okay
just okay well that's a smart ass
calluses oh my goodness it's gonna take
absolutely ages 15,000 health over here
for little 50 years cuz that's a big lie
fight one fragment you could fight by
wait what
five cracks oh no one of this black you
should have turned evil when you add a
chair
you should suck my cock you could soak
suck it Cartman I need your help
come on this is all the team effort we
all need to take down Craig I can't deal
with all this question let me hitting me
Cartman has a new ability curse what the
shit is this oh my god okay - Craig's
down what Craig wait you could fight oh
no I just got down to two this was
Chinese okay come on Jimmy I leave up to
you come on you need to help me are they
dead yet yeah he died oh my goodness oh
my goodness that took so goddamn long
but this fighting is insanely hard man
the gang is all here it is now finally
time to beat the shit out of Clyde I
just realized why are we fighting Clyde
when there's literally
Taco Bell is literally plan to bomb the
whole town anyway let's beat him up yeah
what the hell are you doing here
dad it's my favorite kid it's me listen
I found out what they were doing at the
Women's Clinic yes looking for a
candidate to put a snuke into snooger
new colon South Park yeah you should
have known should have known Taco Bell
is far too compassionate and caring to
be so silly where is the woman with the
snuke they didn't put it in a woman wait
whoa
oh no God mr. slave they wrestle me to
the floor my out and then I remember
thinking well this is fun wait is that a
thermonuclear device Oh No some drinks
so putting a thermonuclear device up my
ass wasn't completely out of the
question
pull it out oh shit what oh no I'm not
going in there oh shit
I bought it oh come on who knows how to
do abortions and can get really really
small oh shit it's me there's got to be
someone's gotta be someone I don't know
can't be me I'm pretty slender and I've
never done in a poison hmm yeah oh well
I can't think of anything guys I'm just
gonna leave oh okay oh it's a joke okay
I was getting scared yeah anyway let's
actually go up mr. slave's ass
careful I might've also puts the bathtub
there the other night
Pat's I can't believe we're inside a
real dive yeah no no good I entered wait
toad you must find a way out of this
place are you lost surely died huh okay
Thank You mr. shark a thank you King Oh
frog venture is waiting for you only
why is that singing why is there a corn
on the cob stuck up here oh shit what I
just I am in by this guy's bum hole is
really disgusting all right I am a know
what the hell he's been shoving up his
bum what the shit is this why have you
got the pot mr. hat the poppet why is
there so much shit in mr. slave's bum
because this thing and iphone yeah okay
oh all right put the batteries in this
torch okay and then press this button
which will make the bat in his mom's
sketch why would you want to battle the
bomb oh there it goes oh shit the Spiro
prints like you hello is once used for
pleasure as an anal plaything wait and
that's perished in this place Oh No now
you must defeat my angry spirits in
order to move forward
oh no I don't really sound that angry
but trust me I am wait what oh oh god
damn it more fighting I hate this Oh
enough talking time to better give a
better whoop ass oh you reflected it
it's so close to dying oh I killed him
you have proven yourself in combat young
anal plaything yes you made journey for
find the suit trigger and save the
outside world yes Daddy Matt and fatty
well plaything and what the hell's this
a rod burn oh my okay that's what it is
now it go down here a waters good tear
yeah but how come we always get the shit
jar yeah clean out the barracks go round
up civilians in their homes go up a gay
man's butthole and guard against
intruders fucking sucks go okay I will
hey oh my goodness really that did no
damage whatsoever I'm gonna be here
forever
I did it alright sweet we've made it to
the heart into the storm
okay you can either do ah
oh hello new care catfish I'm katachi
catatafish
gotta talk to you shot customers Oh a
trigger of the thermonuclear device lies
before you
I have tried to solve its riddle but
I've been unable to disarm it okay
you owe me told find a way to disengage
the trigger well all will be lost
the Ryan's game so good it's just like a
usual South Park episode hmm who could
you think could disarm it do you think
Cartman just saw me you see the head
captain right you know what that means
red oh oh oh for goodness sake know
another abortion oh oh shit so cold
danger abortion after abortion access
GLaDOS self-destruction sequence aborted
oh I did it
O'Shea just go pootie food everywhere I
did it what is it mr. slave what are you
feeling oh I'm out real new kid but your
journey is not yet complete wait what
why should we ever need your services
again we work on a crew yeah I save the
day right up
you've just on the snuke okay so we save
South Park from the snoop and look
everyone's my friend now I have so many
friends crown of anal pleasure thank you
for that
alright let us enter the throne room
you thought you could conquer the
fortress of darkness Oh No is he gonna
take the
back away from that stuff is good I have
yet to complete my arty no come to
witness the power of darkness no don't
do it cut yeah ha green sauce from Taco
Bell I took it from their construction
site
that's not taco bell sauce then why'd I
fight it it's Taco Bell
it's leaked out of the UFO side think
about it since when does Taco Bell have
a green sauce dude actually since about
a year ago oh right Taco Bell has green
sauce now away they've had it longer
than a year I've always gotten spicy
green burritos okay um why we why are we
talking about this
I don't seem so foolish how do I know
he's doing yeah Clyde why do you think
that shit's glowing maybe because of the
three varieties of Chili Peppers
just give us a stick at home or what
you'll see pay up haha I've got another
surprise for you oh no oh shit he's
doing it who is he doing it to though
he's doing it to shit oh shit chef I
don't have to be up chef oh my god
oh shit chocolate balls oh shit
yes 52,000 health oh my god I'm gonna be
here forever
oh shit my thing does not do anything ah
no look how holy it's true for the bomb
yeah 4,000 okay we're doing it guys
we're getting there yeah went with them
yeah that's the system since it's the
main vents darlings also your mom yay oh
no oh my god shit go away children who
am i God
sugar is it you or some nasty trick oh
no chefs in there somewhere then you
have to obey oh shit no what are you
doing now Clyde oh shit
is he gonna become stronger now ah Sh
come on
Oh one health children everybody chef oh
no oh shit oh shit poor chef Oh No
affected what the shit yawns opponents
are at an end
ruler of darkness oh my dog okay you
don't have that leg anymore you have
broken the rules of this ticket for that
I banish thee I banish thee from space
oh oh oh shit he's gonna die oh shit
that was awesome
he's dead your noble Quest is at an end
you know your deeds and all your time
put into this I hereby promote you move
the King to that yes King I'm a king
douche bag
oh my gosh oh no is that mole of course
oh shit me so it really is
and stop being a
huh he has to stick a trick oh no I know
you King deuce bag King douchebag oh
shoot you told him your name was
why didn't you tell them your real name
dovahkiin dovahkiin where is this skyrim
i walk you don't remember do you how we
tried to find you look that spit belongs
with the fighters of zaron give it back
fighters of zara what's going on here is
much more complex than that in 1947 a
UFO crashed in Roswell New Mexico okay
and a new government agency was created
to investigate the paranormal our agency
can we skip this yeah hit the skip
button decision I don't want to skip
this yet we do whenever aliens are
spotted vampires run amok our agency is
there and we have never lost a fight
that is until four years ago when we
investigated a child oh my god a child
is an unnatural power inside him I had
orders from the President to secure the
child so that we could harness his
powers before our enemies could but he
slipped through our hands the government
what's the new kid for his fart art no
his amazing ability to make friends so
quickly on any social network
what for he was five years old he had
3.2 billion friends on Facebook you have
any idea the power that kind of gift
yields in today's world yeah it's time
to come with us
Dovahkiin time to stop resisting and use
your gift for your country if you mean
talking are we so different you and I
dove keen yeah you don't have to do what
the government tells you to do just like
me we're all just pawns in their game
I'll admit you are fascinating yeah you
have more power than any child I've ever
come across and yet all you seem to
really care about is this oh no the
secretary important listen you better
not touch that well control the stick it
was the universe dumbass yeah stupid
controls it oh and I wouldn't have to do
what I was told anymore haha oh no he's
gonna stick I control the universe oh
shit
Oh back I say all of you oh no I can do
anything anything I want
haha
I no longer need you okay that's nice um
I'm after sensor that he's got a stick
of truth should we get it back which is
LEM have it
uh-huh show me how it works oh shit yeah
right Dovahkiin why should we be on the
opposite sides join me Dovahkiin moo by
my side and you can have this all to
yourself
forever uh you can rule with this once
again yeah about that um you
underestimated the character of the
fighters of Zara what - is more than
that relic yeah and you failed to
recognize the character of our alliance
yeah yes and that friendship is more
important to any of us then even the
stick of truth yeah Duke where are you
going Oh Kenny Kenny Kenny yes one of
you has some sense but why princess
kitty because princess Kenny was born a
half-orc ha folk whose entire village
was wiped out by humans and their Morgan
Freeman working Freeman you see when
humans and elves live together in the
forest of hollow falls yeah an elven
Queen fell in love with the orc known as
Dan da the first one to possess the
stick of truth they loved in secret and
had a child a girl who watched as
everyone she loved was killed in cold
blood that was Kenny and that is why she
waited and plotted all this time to take
the stick from you princess Kinney is
true hair to the stick oh wow that's
pretty cute that is pretty cool just one
thing Morgan Freeman how come every time
something convoluted needs explaining
you show up yeah every time I show up
and explain something I earn a freckle
oh sure we should let Kenny up the stick
then I feel so sorry they killed our
family I have to give this place now
this person now Kenny's bingo oh I think
it's literally time for the final battle
we have to defeat Kenny now Oh No can
you just give us back the stick okay we
spent the whole goddamn series Kenny I
can understand we're saying okay
wait what okay it's Kenny fantasizing
it's just a princess Kenny anime what is
this okay okay take this gone princess
Kenny and boom
rainbow waitress Kimmy I've been playing
this whole game I think had a rainbow
attack all right mm health come on I'm
so close I did it
Kenny's dead Kenny no no no don't do it
I think you're gonna do oh shit no don't
drink it I don't want to fight zombie
Kenny no run oppa goodness sake I'm the
fighter again the final backup okay dad
with you okay god dammit Yuri will
attack resist
oh shit on the rainbow attack out oh
shit is can even more help than before
good god damn it's gonna take a long
time
ah she's drinking mokey oh goodness sake
Oh Mike oh shit oh shit I don't know I
wasn't looking at the camera god damn it
Fitz wait oh my god oh no wait no no way
oh no I just sit there doing wait what
oh no not see red come on
okay Oh a charming the ruts I'm running
out of here Rose Christ all right
fellows it's time for the professor
chaos come on I need something good I
need something that's gonna attack it no
that's good that's good whoa he's dead
he dead he's dead I'm Victor oh no good
this is so long guys this is the most
longest boss that I've ever done
wait what Oh what the shit oh my god oh
shit
whoa oh shit
this is I'm literally going through
every goddamn friend of mine come on
Stan use the way of the sword
yeah look we're gonna have to bring the
check of its code wait what Connie you
can't possibly what other choice do we
have tau King douchebag you remembers on
the go
I made you swear an oath to never fight
on any with us oh no I'm now asking you
to break that hook Oh No
oh shit oh I made a promise to never
fall to anyone's both but I must I must
do it
use Nagasaki yes
mine's to everyone we're back to normal
yeah the cat the cats back to normal
everyone's back to normal yeah yeah yeah
the Dragonborn must have farted on a
princess's body yeah must ov oh shit
look the town is getting repaired ah we
did it we absolutely did god dammit
there's no other way what drove our
friend the madness nearly killed us off
the stick huh yeah oh they threw the
stick in the water but what about the
power what about the controlling of the
universe what do you um I can speak
screw you guys I'm going home I spoke I
was like - screw you guys Oh
manbearpig wha okay and that's the end
oh that episode that so much fighting oh
my god I'm so tired
I love the Fagin's game because although
abilities but that was just not fun
repeating the same thing over and over
again so hard that was
I cut out most of it I imagine but
Arielle
ah South Park a stick of truth okay guys
I'm gonna end the video here I really
wanted to do this for a long time and
I'm glad I finally got myself around to
it I'm kind of glad I did do it because
I really want to play the next game on
the channel and I thought it was stupid
to not do that until I played the last
one so yeah I really enjoyed it at a
really good for to the next one I think
it comes out in March 2017 this series
couldn't have been possible if you guys
didn't watch it I really appreciate it
this this let's play was kind of bit
different
not really story orientated you know I
don't really know how to do it but I
still had loads of fun doing it you guys
just the best
and I love you guys a lot I really do
anyway guys I'm exhausted I really
enjoyed myself and yeah I will see you
guys in the next video man thank you so
much for watching and yeah see you soon
see you later guys love you Bubba maybe
pick up on mine why
