oh wait hang a second I haven't checked
it as any hairs heavy had a poopoo on
there's nothing I wasted that hello
everyone how is everyone doing in as
much as out there and today ladies you
know we are back yet again with CSH ever
we're back with yandere simulator I
missed you all so much Mike easy oh one
sec easy easy
what pie what pie how about you or gave
me dizzy
okay enough being crazy okay we are back
with yarn dairy simulator because there
has been some new update shit not a big
one but an update regardless so if you
go to the main menu and see pretty
yonder a standing there what a pretty
little gun
this new thing called a mission mode
where apparently info Chan gives you
certain targets
you must eliminate in a certain but
cooler well in fortune in return welcome
honey huh right now that's Indian I'll
konichiwa
wait is that that's Japanese that's
right right look at the way she looks he
looks like mr. buns an excellent time
mr. buns you stupid redheaded I have
come for one of your scaredy scaredy
missions I have a student that I would
like you to eliminate oh shit
well who is this person added boy the
one that likes purple big deep girl now
I also know that you can increase the
difficulty and add a bunch of other shit
but for now let us do level one and kill
we're IQ so much good luck good luck
piss off you bitch Oh
what the mission has begun we have don't
know nothing ain't gonna get nothing to
him was even mean I meant to say right
cool soma ain't gonna see what's coming
what's with the music why is it so scary
shut up music okay I'll add my own funny
music headphones why do keep falling off
there's the culprit standing in line you
nearly missed a big Jew not these eyes I
have eyes like a hawk how do we kill
this boy okay we do it any way we want
all we need to do is bloody kill Emma
hello okay and here we go leave the
mission mission accomplished
accomplished nice work oh yeah
I'm not actually frozen in boh-chan I'm
ready for another mission great to see
you again I have another student that I
would like you to eliminate you need to
eliminate one half of the Basu sisters
psyche you that soon you must complete
the mission within ten minutes also
dispose of your murder weapon as well as
doing those things he must kill the
target while wearing your swimsuit and
then dispose of her body by burying it
here we go mission number two or as I
like to say mission poopoo okay there
are the bastard sisters in coup and Basu
wait that's not a name in coup and my
target now these two sisters never leave
each other's side so how the shitty am I
gonna separate them all right step
number one we need to change into our
swimsuits you wanted me to change my
swimsuit
alright we're in the right outfit now we
need to find a murder weapon
hello drama club bitch okay I'm just
gonna take this magical girl kawaii want
to hope you don't mind now I have to
kill this stupid girl okay but how much
does the kill district guard check up
kawaii bitch to her when her sisters
right here stupid emojis over here and
stupid green her email shitty shitty
shitty now I can't kill other students
so maybe I should kill them all
Aguila but no one saw that okay we now
know once you kill one of the baku
sisters it makes the other sister go
absolutely crazy local alright so we
need a way to separate them all we need
to do is play the waiting game okay any
second now they are bound to go to close
then we were strike what the hell are
you guys even talking about you didn't
follow the client instructions wait what
time limit what do you mean I'm not 10
minutes okay we need a new tactic we
need to eliminate her before she goes
upstairs that's not a knife this is a
knife or look there she is she's going
up the stairs okay okay we to turn this
right oh hello
in commercial can I talk to you my names
are in Co Basu that's my sister okay
how's how's it like having titties we
have the body okay now we need to dump
and bury it may be very careful students
could be anywhere easy easy okay when
you sneak out of school but the bloody
gym teacher is over there all right so
we have to be very careful won't find me
Jimmy it's okay just carrying a body to
dig it in a hole okay stupid dumb bitch
didn't realise all right I finally
tracked us stupid fat body to the garden
I mean look at a face now we need to
bury her body grab the shovel and dig a
big hole look come on stupid backhoe
sister get in the hole alright baby
we have killed the target we have buried
her and we have done it while wearing
the swimsuit one last thing though we
need to dispose of the noise hi guys
nothing suspicious just need to take
care of this knife huh oh don't even
think about it oh sorry I put it away
quite take the knife dump it in the
incinerator and bloody all right we
killed Tsukuba soo we've disposed the
murder weapon we've killed her while
wearing a swimsuit and we buried the
body I think that's it guys I think we
can now leave you have got to be
shitting on my face uh where's the
finisher I don't get it
what I put the weapon in the incinerator
I'm wearing a swimsuit and I buried her
what oh do you think it's because the
weapon is still burning but it takes too
long for it to burn what am I supposed
to do oh shit the time is going and the
weapon isn't isn't done yet ten minutes
you bloody shit alright guys I am god
damn pissed off okay I spent literally
half an hour doing that shit completely
right okay
I'm pissed off oh Jesus Christ all right
guys I would do more missions okay but
if it's buggy and doesn't want to work
then I don't want to do any more okay I
know if I do any harder I'll just end up
doing the mission and then it won't
bloody work and then I'll be even more
pissed off pissed off you student shit
alright now this mission mode ain't the
only thing new this update they have
also added more and new students now if
you have a super computer like me
because you know you do mother baby
please watch my videos or I will be
homeless if I press the X button it will
then trigger a high population and I
believe that is now 80 students in the
game if I press this button let's see
whoa oh my goodness my computer's
lagging but look how many students there
are guys one two three four five six
seven eight nineteen nine I probably
count that wrong but oh my goodness look
how many students there are so I think
when this game is finished its
development it will have this many
students in the final product okay I
don't even know how they're gonna manage
this and my phone right is like not that
bad it's still shitty oh my goodness
look at everyone changing their shoes
this just doesn't look right
look at everyone lining up in the line
okay how expensive your computer is this
is bloody shit man alright so looking at
all these students made me wonder what
it would be like if I killed all of the
students now that would be pretty much
impossible but I discovered there is a
kill all students button alright so
let's spawn them all in again and kill
them all at once okay three two one kill
all the students
what so many dead bodies what oh no oh
no oh no teachers - I have never seen so
many dead bodies this reminds me of Nam
Nam I'm completely fine I was just
joking around anyway guys these are all
the students dead in the school what a
pretty sight
anyway guys I'm gonna end the video here
that has you been yonder is similar and
the updates have been slowing down which
is fine you know I like doing the one
video on this game a month ok so I do
cover all the updates every month but if
you guys want to see more then be sure
to leave a like if we reach 10,000 I'm
going to continue this as a series I
think every episode has reached 10,000
so if this one doesn't reach it I'll be
sad because I want to make more anyway
guys thank you all so much for watching
I really do appreciate it and I will see
you in the next video hopefully see you
later guys I love you so so so much good
bye fight know your stall open don't do
that that's not meant to happen to my
scar
