hello everyone how is everyone doing in
this measure selfie at the day lazying
we are back yet again with south park
the stick of truth baby now this series
is wrapping up pretty quickly now if you
guys haven't watched last episode we
discovered a piece of paper that can
only be read by French people we tried
to recruit the girls to come play with
us but instead they want us to go to
Canada and translate a piece of paper I
have no idea what's going on but let's
go to Canada Canada is all the way up
here so we must travel north must travel
north out oh shit I know it you hear I
hope you weren't following me shut up
Kyle you shit or I don't call anymore
I won't call me hello hello Cartman a
Cartman oh shit oh shit oh for goodness
sake I don't fight zombies for watching
my life don't forget to bring a towel
shut up oh my goodness here we are the
border of Connor day no matter which way
you go like you
oh please leave me just let anybody into
Canada uh yeah is that is okay hi I see
you have a passport all right hand it
over
okay okay there's appear to be another
yeah very well well I hereby grant thee
access to the great nation of Canada Oh
open the gate open the gate which is
just a small little gate out Hanan thank
you there we go yeah I know we're in
Canada yay what the shit
why is
why is everything all eight pity Oh what
is okay let's go to Ottawa oh my
goodness don't tell me this whole game
is gonna be like this god dammit this
gives me the heebie-jeebies sir first
day here in town those dire wolves can
rip your anus apartment mere seconds
okay watch out for dire wolves cuz
they'll rip up my anus I'm guessing I
have to go up here to this big castle
hello gods to top my knee Oh Canada
the prince and princess hail yay well
what have we here a hero from the South
not just anyone can pass the guard great
border you must have beaten the odds and
obtained a passport I am the Prince of
Canada and this is my lovely wife oh oh
how can I help
she boarded here you go I got this
letter hmm sorry but I don't know what
this says Oh goddamn it he can't speak
French so far but I believe it's only
spoken in a specific part of Canada Oh
goddamn it just you travel west of here
and seek out the Earl of Winnipeg
Winnipeg tell you where in Canada they
speak this freakish tongue okay oh well
so far big stupid girl Canada is filled
with dire wolves
you know what dire wolves are right what
they're like wolves but their dire no
direwolves okay I'll watch out for dire
wolves okay now we need to go west and
find a French man living in Canada who
can translate this P piece of paper or
off to see the Prince the Prince of
Canada Oh Canada Oh Canada
oh no the direwolves make sure they
don't touch you because they will kill
you Oh
well too bad you missed me okay this is
Winnipeg welcome to Winnipeg oh this is
a conservative Township yes come on cat
oh no this guy's died look at this guy's
this poor citizen was killed by a diet
man oh no no what a diet marry is bad no
it's like a man but it's diet oh my god
look this is the Prince uh yes this
writing is definitely Canadian okay why
should I help a porno in Winnipeg is
completely overrun with daya bands oh my
god tell you what kill up all the dye
bands on the door for town and I'll help
you out I can oh that sounds fun
fighting and killing daya bears can't
wait to show that in a video ok here the
dialogue man oh my good the dye will
just show me okay
oh it's fun I will stop shitting on my
face god damn it okay I meant to find
these dire bears where exactly are they
oh my god there's a die there kill it oh
no watch out for this diabeties like a
normal bear but daya watch out Canadian
greeting oh the bear just shagged on my
face that's nice dad bolts
oh no it's balls why they on fire why
are they coming from the sky and why
they're not on him I'm so confused I did
it I killed the diabase respect
authority
I killed the diabase yeah
Hey
hello Prince I killed the best buy job
you've done a murder on all these die of
a pound wonderful now I can finally make
a diary a diary
okay he's gonna translate for me yeah
it's actually written in the language of
eastern Canadian the minister of
Montreal can translate it really I'm
afraid the prince has imprisoned the
minister of Montreal in the conference
of Quebec of corporate return to him and
he should let you speak in the mask okay
literally I will have the most dire robe
in all of Canada go here go there okay
the prints are now apparently is
captured so I gotta go save the prince
god dammit why it doesn't anyone speak
French why the hell did I even go all
the way to Canada just to find someone
who speaks French all right now I'm back
to see the prince and princess
oh wait where's the Prince gone okay but
where's okay she fired there you are I
understand you wish me to release the
minister of Montreal yeah I'd like to
help you but I think this might be
another ploy by the Bishop of Vannes to
have Montreal allowed back into the
kingdom some Canadians think our nation
should be united again my lord Oh Adam
who the fuck are you it's all because
the Bishop of Banff is a liberal okay
these things just to make life difficult
for me okay I must ask you to perform
another noble quest oh sure BAM and kill
the bishop kill the bishop the bishop of
BAM the bishop ouch it was a bishop of
that for me and bring me his balls as
proof oh my god and I shall allow you
into the catacombs of Quebec hey guys
what he wants me to kill the priest of
what the bishop of bumf
we must kill the bishop of banth oh my
goodness thumps all right this is bands
where's the bishop ello ello ello will
we go in the bishop about fair sky
praise God praise God and cry
what's this who the fuck is a bishop oh
no oh no I'm sorry bishop Bannerman
assassin as I see no I would kill you as
a senior George stuff oh okay
why is everyone kind of farting on me I
did it I did it I killed the pressure
Baba okay
please you don't have to kill me I'll go
away and the prince will never know I'm
alive oh please take these dire Pig
testicles and tell the prince they're
mine okay why did I have to oh shit
shai finish him off guys I think I
should finish him off you're a real
bobbin dope me oh okay maybe I shouldn't
have okay I don't know who to trust but
uh who cares this episode's weird I'm
not sure if I like it anyway Prince
I killed the priest for you Bishop that
you can I did kill him
yeah the Bishop's bars yeah religion
won't interfere with government okay we
ever repay you would free the Minister
of Montreal my lord
yeah sorry no can do with both the
bishop and the minister taking care of
my throne is secure but my leash we made
a promise you see where you did make a
promise with me you must speak with the
Duke of Vancouver they can help you get
into the catacombs look good oh so Luke
the Duke this harina Oh
a letter that's nice oh she farted again
go here go there do this do that Jesus
Christ episodes just annoying I don't
like it it's just annoying
anyway let's now go to Vancouver and
talk to someone else because that's all
we're doing this episode is talking to
people that I don't even care about
hello Prime Minister identified the
princess Oh II no joke but no problem
according to this the prince had
something to do with the bishops murder
and has imprisoned the minister I'm just
a young man if you wish to brave that
catacombs of Quebec
you would have to speak with the monks
who live to the southeast of town okay
only they could train you in such
sorcery
sorcery what the wood you mean what what
do you mean okay now we're gonna go to
see some monks seriously what the shit
is happening
drive to cross this bridge oh okay
are they here I don't get it of course
it's free a hot tea of the American
everyone is talking about tanks not
heavy it can't be a massive spell cup he
doesn't even know magic he probably
doesn't even know how to fart listen I
can bloody five okay oh they like that
Philip and Terence of course it's you
can I talk to you
Oh Who am I doing telling you fought
cranky bow binky stinky bow binky Nino's
dragon shop any additions of prejudice
can drag and shout it's not like he
fathered into his hand and hit you in
the face was it Philip oh he wants me to
a cup of spell take this far really good
how come he can't sneak a fart behind
your fat oh okay well I can definitely
do that it's called a sneaky squeaker
sneaky squeaker Oh
the sneaky squeaker very impressive he
is worthy of our training after all yeah
time for you to learn some truth okay oh
fuck fuck oh oh it's just fart on me and
now I'm going through a spiritual job
magic is impressive young American okay
oh matrix not since Eric Vaughn
thunderpants of Nova Scotia have we seen
such prowess okay but now you must learn
to control your anus muscles it's just
the right way to change yourself
frequency okay some objects seem too
large to be damaged by magic but now I
will break through it with oh my god
sake
okay it's like an epic fall watch it get
Nagasaki Oh hold AMD Nagasaki
oh wait I will believe hold it
Oh - in the fog oh oh okay I need three
pedophiles from Alberto will happen away
with you unless you damage them all with
one move okay Nagasaki hold it and they
don't find the right frequency you're
before me they loved it oh my god it's
amazing yeah oh I woke up for my shorts
turning now go out it use your head is
for the good of mankind and don't ever
ever fart on a man's bars can you stop
saying that try the game right I learned
a new font now I have to save some man
in a cave I'm sorry guys I have no idea
what's going on I'm guessing this is the
cave that I have to go and save the
prince oh here we go there he is he's
over there oh look there's this block in
the way maybe if I learn my new fart oh
Nagasaki oh no there's a bunch of
animals in the way can you just let me
go please I just want to know okay
goodbye
that's nice okay all right come on you
dire Wolf's snakes and bears I'm just
going to be dishing out of you wait
Jimmy has a new ability right what is
the brown note today Shazam
what the shit oh my god oh that's insane
everyone's like nearly dead out oh shit
cookie Kenny show the bear your titties
oh there's a bad luck if you piece
oh oh the family we like the taste and I
was letting his guard down okay dude I
killed them all okay that took very long
probably cut a lot of that out all right
hello sir I saved your ass there we go
she's yours either are you Bob navel
boss I'm taking so long
okay okay we be by my boy what louder my
shit more cool okay I finally got the
pizza paper translated Jesus Christ this
whole episode has been going to Canada
I'm not sure if I like this 8-bit thing
but you know what it's kind of funny
all right finally we are outside of
Canada see you later sir add another
Canada yeah yeah I've definitely had
enough of Canada Jesus Christ Oh Kenny
shut the fuck up now after all that just
to find the man who spoke French we can
now talk to the girls and give them the
piece of paper that they found in the
abortion clinic this is so weird
ready to go back yeah okay associate
yeah yeah yeah shut up you stupid little
go see right here it says that five
women orthodontic that day and right
there it says Nancy Turner 3:30 p.m.
so Heidi Turner was a two-faced bitch
the evidence is irrefutable
thanks new kids we now know it was Heidi
Turner all along with spreading the
rumors okay he's really sorry we're
deciding to forgive her oh I love you
guys so much love you too
but you would just say you just a clown
you kid so you have our services
tell the boys we will play their game
sunshine all right
that was a lot of work just for them to
forgive up instantly I hate girls now
after all that the girls finally are
willing to play with us so let's go back
to Kyle's house and tell them all okay
bye guys I'm finally back man this place
is super crappy shut up everyone listen
up the girls had agreed to fight by our
side
yes hoes are the Pirates and the
Federation factions are standing by to
fight as well my lord Oh time for talk
each other oh that is all make haste
chick night time yes it's the final
battle it's the final countdown oh my
goodness okay guys I'm gonna end the
video here now I'm pretty sure next
episode will be the last episode guys
I've been having fun loads of fun in
this series and I hope you guys have
enjoyed it too and I'll upload the next
episode as soon as we reach eight
thousand likes anyway guys thank you all
so much for the support in the series
I've had loads of fun and I'm really
happy that I can do Let's Plays because
you guys are really loyal and awesome
subscribers and I love you so so so much
anyway guys thank you so much for
watching and I will see you very soon
for the next video man celerity guys
love you Baba
