hello everyone how is everyone doing
IMI's we about it again we shall Park no
sticker truth baby thank you guys so
much for the support on this series so
far okay it was a bit slow for the
beginning okay but you know what I am
really getting into it okay the last
episode if you guys didn't watch I ran
into my parents making love that was a
very crazy episode just like this one
where we are going to talk to the girls
and make them play with us oh honey
Millie Larson has the floor if it
pleases and sparkles I move that we vote
immediately on urgent matter involving
Monica Ryland excuse me I'm sorry but I
have an urgent matter that I believe
needs to be addressed first sure
Sparkle any mix has the floor if it
pleases inspire an S ensure comes with a
request from the boys oh boy do the boys
ask of us can you play with us oh oh oh
all right you can look there are
terrible rumors going around town that
our good friend ally Nelson was spotted
at the abortion clinic oh I'm not sure
but we think the girls spreading the
rumors about Ally is Monica Ryland and
then she has the gall to act all nice to
me we have to know for sure if Monica
Ryland is a two-faced bitch we're gonna
send Monica a Facebook page with your
picture then tell her that your baby's
boyfriend's from Lakeland and you wanna
meet her
do this task breath and the girls will
consider your request okay okay
these girls are bloody weird okay no
wonder why I'm single you're like Monica
waiting for you at the park all you have
to do is pretend to be baby's
long-distance boyfriend yeah okay so all
I go do this she summed up pretty well
all I gotta do is pretend I got to
pretend I'm Bebe's boyfriend to prove
that she's a bitch or something I don't
know let's just do it kid Mike is my
friend I think she's really great
I don't know if she's the end-all be-all
of girls I mean she's a little two-faced
to gas me mmm a lot of your facebook
profile it I think you're a really
interesting boy what oh thank god we
sent the new kid to spy on you huh girls
we brought someone else who might be
interested Oh No Monica what the fuck
are you doing Oh No who's this big idea
trying to fuck my girlfriend Oh No ain't
your fucking brother okay I'm pretty
sure these girls like 10 years old okay
I can't fuck them okay all right calm
down yeah
oh I forgot to do it quickly Kyle use
one of your Philippe's
kyle has windstorm what the hell is this
okay okay I blew him I blew him so hard
okay calm down Brennan what is okay
summon Elemental let's try this the baby
oh shit I just just got kicked in his
face
okay well Monica enemy is a friend
that's all that's all that matters
alright shut up Timmy alright how many
times have I made that joke hello Annie
I'm back thank you for your help we can
go even again whenever you're ready okay
you screw the girl alright let me know
you know the drill okay I know that you
oh come on honey let's go see the girls
new kid we want to thank you for helping
us determine whether or not Monica was a
two-faced bitch she really made us mad
but it turns out she couldn't have been
the one spreading rumors about Ally
Nelson going to the abortion clinic yeah
so we made up best oh but you cook okay
Heidi Turner was supposed to put on the
Facebook page that you were babies
boyfriend oh right so we need to know if
Heidi Turner is the to face pictures
like hers about Ali being spotted at the
abortion clinic but we need people to
think you're a girl i'ma go makeover oh
no oh no gonna make up no no not a
makeover montage no no
Oh
there are a bortion clinic and find a
records room take a picture of all the
records from the past week and text them
to us okay okay this mission is a bit
complicated but let's go to the abortion
clinic okay and see who's the two-faced
bitch even though I'm literally
surrounded by them hello one abortion
please hi here for an abortion yes don't
be scared the first one's always the
scariest okay I probably put a warning
at the beginning of the video okay but
just one I warn you again this is very
sensitive subjects if you're not 18 you
shouldn't be here but you're probably
still watching I look half as good when
I had my abortion oh that's nice no no
I'm not here to have abortion I'm here
to find some files that proves someone's
a bitch I have no idea what's going on
oh I can't go to the records room coz
that so I have to disguise myself as a
doctor poison grenades and it's a tampon
lovely hi I'm dr. poon lover get on up
in the chair and this won't take long at
all
wait what but I'm not a little young to
be having an abortion aren't we it's
okay we have a booster Oh No god damn it
this is so disgusting
alright just sit back and relax so
double get that fuck trash taken right
out what the hell oh my god I broke it
what the Wow never seen that before
okay burned out the vacuum yeah because
she shoved it up my bum okay well this
is just messed up this is so weird
okay instead of getting my abortion he
shoved up my bum cuz I I'm not go so
that's the only thing I could have gone
so I farted and broke the machine okay
this is weird but at least now I can
disguise myself as a doctor okay here we
go
I'm a doctor now I can go and get the
files and hopefully get the hell out of
there before anything else creepy
happens
okay Thank You mr. robot voice GLaDOS
okay did I find it Oh take it picture on
my iPhone Ronde oh you thank god wait
one thing strange is going on here
what TTA reviewed that tape you got us
yeah Taco Bell has something called a
plan B yes they've been here looking
through these records but why would they
be interested in the gynecological files
of the women of South Park I'm afraid
now you know too much
oh no the government we have to he's got
a lot of questions oh oh deal with them
quietly we can't let anyone find out
what we were doing there no they're
gonna shoot me wrong when will you kill
us tell us why why the Taco Bell taking
the records of women's vaginas in South
Park well I'm picking up some hot
readings on the Peggy Peggy tell us
Peggy vaginas and Doritos Locos Tacos
have in common he is going crazy there's
an outbreak here No all units to sector
seven now note zombies the entire
building put that woman in restraints
hello what's going on taco bell's
security clinic is infected with the
nazi zombie virus
oh no Nazis zombies that's ridiculous
and bigoted I happen to be German
he's one of that oh my goodness okay
okay we need to get the hell out of it
okay we need to get the hell out of it
now they killed dr. Pune okay I need to
go I need to go oh look there's a rat
hole over there
if only I could shrink down oh wait I
can't now what okay
I'm not a norm anymore uh hello
this guy seems to have get an abortion
where is this Randy but is Randy I'm
just here for an operation oh there you
are doctor I'm ready when you are
uh there's something fishy going on here
um I think they might be Nazis um no I'm
not
we'll see if you're a real doctor give
her an abortion no no no please don't
make me do this oh goodness
don't make me do this please Oh
no no no okay okay just close your eyes
guys it will be over in a second
let's first left-click to syringe
Randi's bulls okay that oh no oh no
that's not it either
oh oh god damn it no don't oh no I got
to dilate his anus okay oh no less okay
no it's okay I'm okay oh dude he did it
all right so he is a real doctor okay I
just did this okay guys okay I'm really
traumatized I don't know why they wanted
me see give him abortion but I just
shoved the thing as up his bum and he
just pulled okay this is a very real
episode I'm not sure if I can continue
okay a fetus just fell on the floor no
zombies wait what is that what's going
on what who is that where did you find
the alien goo broken vials were in the
trash cans no what could have come into
contact with it in the trash can oh
please oh my
see some pieces okay butters is here
okay butters listen to me okay it is too
late
shut your mouth yeah those babies are
pissed off
wait where am I going what the shit is
this okay
it literally is a Holocaust yep alright
let's just go this is so weird okay can
we leave please the other I could I feel
really uncomfortable right now oh my
goodness is that a machine-gun babies
yeah okay how do we get across can I use
my anal probe I can to teleport here
whoa and now I'm in the vents turn off
the water okay anal probe up here now
I'm in the vents again then I can shoot
down this I destroyed the gun look at me
being smart okay listen baby nazi zombie
fetuses okay can you please just not oh
no they're throwing up on me stop
vomiting on me please times like this I
need the rawhide whip okay come on mr.
slave okay get your face over here
yeah yeah okay yeah listen listen listen
guys don't look at me like that if you
think that's the weird part of the
episode you've got something another
thing coming okay code dream good it's
not secure the outbreak has been
contained what not what you mean it's
not the hell are you talking about it's
not contained you don't understand
yeah Khloe Kardashian was in here this
morning oh no she had the biggest
portion I've ever seen oh no oh my
goodness okay that is one giant penis
okay
oh of course I've got to fight the giant
Nazi fetus okay yeah sure this guy has
nine ten thousand help okay literally
gonna be here forever
if I didn't have video editing okay shut
up one last hit I killed him yeah we did
it and I went a level 12 and I complete
the mission and I can now leave okay
that was a lot to handle
in short little episode okay let's go
back to the girls now and tell them yeah
they better help me I went through a lot
of money just do those files hello
always unfortunately the record-keeper
at the abortion clinic is from Paris and
so everything is written in French okay
we want to help you and the boys play
your game but we just can't have a
two-faced bitch out there on the loose
okay if these documents translated for
us and we promise we will join your army
whoa okay I gotta get these things
translated
French person these girls okay listen
what are you obsessing about who's a
two-faced bitch god dammit women I don't
understand them alright let's go talk to
the boys and see if any of them speak
French hello you were supposed to
recruit the girls what's the delay
shut up call me I'm doing my best fat
shit it's a it's it's French I do need
help some kind of strange orcas I've
seen this language before waiting on
these documents is somehow the key to us
recruiting the girl to our armies is
that what you're trying to tell us you
kid I guess document translate it isn't
going to be easy okay to breach the
Kingdom to the north you'll have to
assume another Isaac oh no to Canada
Larry Babinski the quickest way to the
kingdom to the north is through the lost
forest
head north north again okay okay noise
okay okay
just kidding I didn't know better get a
passport photo okay oh my goodness okay
so now we've got to go to Canada okay
now if you look on the map okay here's
the map of South Park obviously and if
you look to the top right Canada's over
there okay so that's where we need to
head all right that sounds very long I'm
not sure if we can do it in this episode
but before we go to Canada I need to
take my passport photo okay so let's do
that
hello I am here to take my photo at the
Kodiak for tour place shit
hi here to get your passport photo taken
yeah just head into the room there and
we'll get started okay let's take this
for hopefully this is the normal esteem
to happen this episode that's great okay
smile okay smile do you have anything
else you could wear something else on uh
okay what okay I'll just change my
outfit but okay no tell you what how
about just no shirt at all let's try
that okay if don't see the why that's
neat
yeah that's gonna work better here we go
okay oh those pants don't work with the
lighting oh did you roll up your pants
or you know what just take take the
pants off - uh okay I'm not wearing any
underwear
okay that's always really nice okay
there we des very nice how about we lose
the underwear look bitch stop it Oh
she'll never take me alive okay the
cameraman will supply the Fox oh my god
one normal thing up in this episode all
right let's get this over with
say cheese say cheese okay there we go
Congrats kid you have your first
Passport yay okay that was very weird
okay guys on that note I think it's a
good time to end this episode okay
anyway guys thank you so much for
watching just the fact that a lot of you
are watching this series so far makes me
happy inside you're spending lots of
time with me and I like spending time
with you you know you're like my best
friends all of you and I love you
although the next episode as soon as we
reach eight thousand likes I'm gonna say
and yeah I will see you in the next
episode see you later guys
love you Baba
