hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mess yourself there today we are back
with another reaction video of course
all right that's my channel alright come
on now or I get with there I've been
doing it for so long now get with it and
today we're gonna be wrapped into a
YouTube channel called 5-minute rocks
now I've been making YouTube videos for
a pretty long time how long have I been
doing actually I've been doing it for
six years god damn it whatever what have
I been doing my whole life Jesus now six
years ago I just made my first video
alright but I've been watching YouTube
videos for at least like 10 over 10
years okay now when I found this channel
called 5-minute cross and 31 million
subscribers all these YouTube towns
coming from okay I've been doing it for
so long
this stupid channel it's got 41 million
subscribers man YouTube is growing so
big now I can't keep up okay how am I
supposed to keep up okay no the reason
why we are react to the five minute
cross all right because these channel
get views all right and I need views
okay I'll try to feed my children over
here I'm talking I don't have children
but look at this video 42 Holy Grail
hacks that will save you a fortune
250 whew look what the is going on
look at the thumb now - alright they're
trying to say oh what a cracked phone
screen you can just use an eraser to rub
that out okay so good bad life you
just got click paying but we all fell
for it okay apparently so let's check
out this video okay because I want to
save me a fortune
okay so let's click it okay so she's
drawing a stickman okay and putting
what a race permanent marker for me
buddy the is kind of magic is this
wait hang on a second that's not real
you can't just draw on anything I'm put
water on it and I'll just go away like
that what color see straightaway I'll
write the video started and already lie
to us okay so if you bikes only write on
a whiteboard oops oh yeah you draw over
it using a normal marker yeah I knew
that all right and they just rub it out
okay yeah kind of knew that all right
not really saving me money okay not
really saving me a fortune
okay what you ruined a whiteboard okay
actually if anything I've got to spend
money on another marker to rub out the
permanent marker one okay just any money
now now they're running on a chromatic
tile yeah as you do all right because
we've all been in that situation and
which you're using a permanent marker on
our bathroom tiles yeah yeah I hate when
we do that bison and if you want to get
rid of it you just use toothpaste all
right and then you brush it all right
you don't have to brush it okay bye oh
look it's gone now success all right
yeah saving me lots of money apparently
okay you've got a mitt though this music
is low-key kind of funky
all right now you're gonna draw on wood
and we're gonna use this rubbing alcohol
okay yeah interesting all right yeah so
interesting countertop you use nail
polish remover okay yeah yeah who gives
a you're drawing on clothes use a
permanent mark on their dumb clothes or
I wanted you and apparently if you do
that you've got to use hand sanitizer
okay yeah who'd have thought or a hand
sanitizer will rub out oh okay wait will
it Oh and baking soda
okay okay and lemon juice all right what
is this all right and then look at this
mess that you're making just to take out
this permanent marker okay so even out
I'm not gonna wash it to do okay okay
great
all right you could just frightened
t-shirt okay just wear a new t-shirt all
right ours t-shirt little
anyway all right what does that make
like a couple of dollars all right all
these hats to do with this permanent
marker okay video know how to save
money iPhone screen okay and you're
saving me money from a mistake I made
from a permanent marker this ain't
saving me okay copy
use rubbing alcohol yeah so interesting
and hairspray apparently wait what okay
here we go now all right so she's taken
like an empty shampoo bottle all right
cutting it from the bottom okay is this
gonna save me money was she gonna
transform this into like a car or some
okay she's cutting it around okay yeah
all right I'm not trying to do this
all right it's cut off the talk so
you've got this side cut off the thing
hand and cut a hole through it and
you've got what a holder for your sponge
okay this I've ever seen should be
saving me money okay I must spend money
on something to hold a sponge
what the this is not saving me
oh yeah now you've got a place to put
your sponge and it drains perfectly okay
and if you've got an empty Pringles can
sitting around well why don't you just
draw on it all right cut it on the
bottom so you got a little hole all
right
oh is this where the Pringles gone I'm
guessing oh okay decorate it and she's
put in what what is this
yes what uh what the does she do oh
it's makeup remover things okay
what the how the is this
saving me money okay I have to buy a
Pringles to eat all the Pringles okay
and then I'm gonna decorate it and cut
it okay I buy these this makeup removers
or some it's just making me spend
money to have all this useless
lying around my house all this time
cutting it just so they could decorate
like that okay just put at least a
couple more minutes decorate in the
thing all right I don't want this stupid
empty Pringles cans sitting around my
house okay okay have you got an empty
bottle of water
we'll just take the pool cap all right
cut it all right and what what we're
gonna make from a bottle cap okay so
you're cutting the top and put a
toothbrush in it and you're gonna stick
the bottle caps on your bathroom wall
ball caps on my expensive ass bathroom
floor okay my mom will see that a new
blank this bloody on the bloody
ball no but seriously though okay she's
literally putting bottle caps on her
bathroom floor wall okay and this is
this video was meant to save me money
okay all it's doing is just making my
house look like a show I don't
think I want to keep watching guys okay
now he's got another empty bottle of
water or some okay
and she's poked a hole through it okay
it's this is gonna be something useless
I already know what am I gonna do with
this alright I already know oh look it's
another one of these things oh and this
is meant to go around for your wool yeah
cuz because we all need something that
will hold all wool on a chair and this
video has 250 million views I just want
to just wanna let you guys know that so
now you can just take a coca-cola bottle
okay a coca-cola bottle that reminds me
of a meme that I saw Pepsi bottle
coca-cola glass I don't give a damn I
don't give a damn he put Pepsi
in coca-cola glass wow what a thug
anyway back to more saving money hacks
okay so take the coca-cola glass alright
and then what filling it with what the
 is this what okay what what it what
is this
what the is this oh oh oh but oh
okay it's something to use to wash
dishes or wash your hands okay that's
all well and good and everything but
where the do I get this thing that
I put the coca-cola thing in all right
where am I gonna get that from
alright I'll surely I don't have to buy
something that has that already just a
while it makes no sense okay and people
couldn't come around the house of life
why got an empty coca-cola bottle or
just sitting there but I understand okay
this isn't saving me money at all okay
it's costing me a lot of money I have
all spending all this money on prisons
coca-cola money for this video
alright money saving hacks okay here we
go now all right she put did she just
take a coin out of an egg anyway so you
take this was this hand cream or
something and then you cut it open into
and you've got a place to put your
headphones or your tampons or your pills
or your money don't go boil it just put
it in and cream alright save that money
I'd keep an N hand cream this has gotta
be the stupidest ever okay how is
this save me money okay you just put
some it's just something that can carry
 saving me money
alright now you got what a can and you
got to paint it alright go to spend
money on paint now alright and then she
put four cans around a chopping board
and put Rob around there okay and and
now you've got somewhere to put your
utensils okay looks pretty cool okay not
really saving me money okay
I could actually probably find it
cheaper on like somewhere and to make
this - I've got a by rope and a
chopping board okay this video is so
dumb I just realized this is videos dumb
alright and they still haven't shown me
the video where you know the phone got
cracked okay now what what's going on
now putting pegs clean and single oh
wait wait what
so she put superglue on pegs and now you
got something to hang one sock or one
glove
what
okay so you want to go to the draw and
it's a mess but instead you can put it
in an egg car okay
or you can use ice cube empty ice cubes
oh wait a condom is happening right now
okay or you can use an empty muffin tray
Wow
great yeah saving me lots of money not
really though okay don't you hate it
when your shoes are just in a big pile
this is the door but you could just buy
one of these what yeah how's it saving
me money okay what okay but that's not
saving me money
I'd say that's making me spend money
okay I own a power drill okay this video
think it'll be a five minute hack okay
this is a day job right now I should
stop watching I really should stop
watching okay because I'm not learning
anything okay now what you're gonna do
with this paperclip oh you can use it to
hold up your phone alright pretty useful
alright I mean God got you God gave you
two hands alright just just hold it but
no justjust let just just get a
paperclip and leave it leave it there
okay if you ever want to do that okay
Wow do you ever want to save money on
water bills what they're gonna tell me
not to flush the toilet after a poo or
something Oh God oh oh oh she put a
bottle of water wait what well how does
it saving me money what bowl of water is
anything okay but where this ball of
water come from okay I'm by this bottle
of water okay I'm just angry because
this video has so many views okay and no
one's watching my videos nowadays
alright because the kids now while
watching my videos are all growing up
alright and doing bigger things alright
and I'm still here all right look I
decided to take this is my career okay
is life so hard I'm kidding guys mess
yourself 2019 is gonna do specifically
life hacks okay because clearly it's
working out foot foot for this channel
right with 42 million subscribers you
could cook furniture leg pads alright
just take a take a cork because you've
got so many of those lying around
put something on it and you've got
something to okay to not scratch the
floor Wow okay yeah useful natural older
reducer oh this is a good one all right
because I know there's a lot of smelly
people watching this video
ground coffee all right put it in some
paper all right and is that it all right
just keep coffee lying around all right
Oh in the fridge oh okay and apparently
that reduces the smell okay all right
all right guys I think we found the
first useful in this video five minute
life I suggested but literally this five
minutes to find one good life I would
just use now at home okay thank you all
right so if it works all right no one no
one's here to back it up all right we
could just all be putting coffee in our
fridges you know and wasting all this
coffee you know but we don't know but
apparently it does work I'm gonna go try
it or I'll let you guys know this video
so stupid man and it goes on for 18
minutes do I really want to keep
watching I just want to find the video
where you know that they rub off the
phone all right I'm gonna try and find
that okay all right searching searching
she put beans all right and a fork all
right and she which watch a candle on a
fork or plastic bag life hacks okay
we wanna do with a plastic bag put on my
shoes to make sure that what they don't
get dirty
oh right now put your plastic on now or
an idiot will realize yeah yeah if I'm
doing something really muddy I'll put a
plastic bag on my shoe in it and I'll
save it this video is done it's so dumb
all right if you got a lot of plastic
bags just sitting around just shove it
in an even bigger plastic bag and what
put it in what is this a pillowcase a
pillowcase a pillow you want me to use
plastic bags as a pillow pillow okay I
mean sure that this to this lifehack
might be useful to what a homeless
person if they own a pillowcase that is
alright push to everyone watching here
has a pillow maybe we don't okay maybe a
maybe with the Praia door and maybe
we're so deprived that we have an
internet connection but we don't own a
pillow or
man what is this welcome to and now she
has a tray and she's putting a plastic
bag on it and she bought all this plate
and she bought a roller and now she's
painting it and you've got a clean thing
okay I mean I guess that you know saves
you if you ever want to paint I guess
alright okay I'm gonna stop watching
okay I'm getting pissed off alright I
just want to find the phone screen one
all right please tell me they didn't
clickbait me waiter they just put
toothpaste in a shoe wait how is that I
hack she just put toothpaste in a shoe
one dollar hats how is that relevant to
anything in this video how how's that
gonna help me alright what is gonna make
sure my shoes us are minty fresh what
the alright let's see this one
dollar hack alright just take your
toothbrushes and put it upside down in a
glass of water and buy some hydrogen
peroxide and some bacterial cleaning uh
oh okay alright this is useful all right
because you know I've got all this
hydrogen peroxide laying around alright
I was thinking what am I gonna do with
all this okay say you've got a
kettle that has a lot of what limescale
you just put water and a lemon and is
that gonna fix it really a lemon okay
and boil it and apparently oh oh
 okay that was pretty useful okay
now again somewhere alright because you
know we will have like a limescale
kettle you know so just put a lemon net
alright
you're so stupid what am i doing now
okay come on now alright I keep getting
distracted alright I just want to find
this dumbass video right what she just
put toothpaste and now she's brushing
her shoes man what a waste of two place
though wait is that is that real okay
and now it's if your dirty shoes put
toothpaste on it alright if your mom
asks you alright why you brushed in your
shoes or I'm um alright let's try now 42
million subscribers alright clearly they
know what they're doing and you don't
Malala oh the phone oh I found a phone
okay so Scott fold all right and then
she's taking the case off and putting
money there oh okay
that I mean I guess you could do that I
mean I have a phone case which you know
has like a compartment which has like my
cards in it oh don't show that all right
I don't want you guys stealing my money
but yeah you could just buy one of these
okay all right and it costs what we mean
like did like $10 okay I think I found
it I think I found it all right she got
her phone all the screens cracked Oh
what is that what is that hello what
what is that you don't know what it is
uh she just uh okay
and is that gonna clean it all right but
but but that's not that's not that's not
what the thumbnail was okay I mean the
thumb now was the phone screen cracked
but this was just scratches and secondly
what the was that was that
toothpaste what was that oh it was
toothpaste okay but that was was it that
wasn't the thumbnail it was was that
meant to be the thumbnail all right skip
skip skip skip and now I'm starting to
realize I just got clickbait okay all
right guys I'm gonna end the video there
that was me reacting to five-minute
Crofts this YouTube channel has 42
million subscribers okay 1 million
subscribers for every hack that was
watched in this one video okay but yeah
all right I'm very happy for them all
right
making their hacks videos all right fair
enough all right didn't think this many
people cared about you know hacking that
life why can't you just you know just
just go through life the easy with the
normal way okay and just live it all
right I got a hack through life I don't
know guys all right I'm gonna end the
video there if this video reaches 30,000
likes I will make a part two because
this was just one video from this
channel okay and I'm sure I can roast
this channel from a millions of views to
come either way throat guys I've known
the video there I hope you did enjoy I'm
gonna end the video I said that again
all right just leave me alone guys all
right just go away go away
