kupah hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is mesh yourself there today we
are gonna be reacting to some more dank
memes oh Christ look we have some dank
memes time for our daily dose of man
that means
okay let's German we are back with some
more reacting to dank memes I have made
so many videos reacting to dank memes
okay I'm not gonna explain it all right
let's just go what something means okay
all right so we got a clip of some guy
with a broom it's a raccoon guardians of
the galaxy man I love that song get it
because you know there's a raccoon and
Gardens the galaxy alright alright
anyway moving on oh oh oh she's
pretending to vanish here we go if you
guys haven't seen this before basically
this is a joke going around where you
know they're pertaining to disappear
from the dogs she was meant to run to
the other room but worn idiot is a
snapchat filter with the dog is that
Chucky oh okay yeah Curb Your Enthusiasm
you know we made a whole video on it on
this dumbass meme okay a coke with
Chewbacca on it Oh
Wow very funny
yeah even even that little Excel yeah
not that funny honestly yeah Chewbacca
yeah he sounds like that oh no this
guy's lighting hairspray
don't do this a-hole this is so
flammable you have no idea Oh what were
you expecting
oh my goodness people are so dumb Jesus
Christ I'm pretty sure I heard car
alarms go out I'll go Speer everywhere
look it's wicked fire Karloff shit
because it was so loud oh my goodness
this guy's an idiot but he made a great
meme out of it you gotta admit the great
guy who made a great name okay okay
oh okay we got a guy flipping a bottle
in slow motion hey oh he did it and then
is that it oh what's he doing now oh
snap him into a dab it's so dumb okay I
gotta start watching it this poor kid
alright what a dumbass alright and then
we've got this guy was its older brother
filming instead of actually telling this
kid that this is a bad idea you're gonna
get hurt oh it's this Bongo cat okay
there's this new meme with this cat like
doing random things okay what's it doing
now on a keyboard oh I know this is the
me this is the other meme right
okay all right well then all right so
yeah that was mixing two means together
all right as anyone else seen this bongo
cat whoever the hell it's called all
right I don't know why this meme it's
become popular but there's like a
million versions of it okay
I gotta like that mean uh you know I
kind of want to make my own version with
mesh yourself clips I really want I
really want to do that because that
would be great Bongo cat again oh okay
great meme so this dog has to pick which
adds the food in is it this one
oh it was you got a right oh no wait
it's not eating it
all right I was explaining just eat the
other hand all right but it actually got
offended that they got it wrong oh oh I
know looking at me forget these sexy
ladies yeah I give you a kissy hello
okay so these girls acting pretty but
the cameraman doesn't care about them
all right because this good-looking man
isn't behind them all right let's focus
on on this guy okay so is this
spider-man I think this is spider-man oh
it does a flip oh oh okay I haven't
actually played the new spider-man yet
do you guys want me to make a video on
the new spider-man game all right let me
know we're in your back type like disco
know what's going to happen that was
edited so well why dive straight into a
meme look on this thing man I thought my
videos where did good but Jesus alright
so this looks like another spider-man
clip is this is he gonna jump from the
building okay and it's gonna it's gonna
go into another meme isn't it there we
go he's falling he's falling and then
straight to the floor and
okay that's all that coming a mile away
Oh what is he somewhere out there in
this world there was there was a spy man
dancing like batter I wanna know where
this happened in this world how long as
it's in and we still got Daniel's name
she died Porthos I used to feel bad for
him now little girl she's got a target
she's holding a target okay this guy's
got guidance the brothers gonna shoot a
sister this little girls didn't get hurt
she was just confused
oh it's kids react no he remembers it
from 49 not from the original oh man
yeah that makes me feel old
people don't know who Snoop Dogg is and
Wow okay well I just got the realization
that I'm older than then and then then I
thought wow okay
oh they're copying him
no way that drive is a legend that's
what I would do - oh we got two cats
fighting Oh Oh with the most evil look
what the hell you lookin at
oh sorry okay alright poor poor cat all
right I'm sorry okay we got a kid with a
gun oh no was it no expecting like what
was he expecting the face of regret as
soon as he did it Lily's gonna regret it
and Dom escaped Jesus Christ a horse
with a hole that grabbed the horse mask
on its just ran away
how you doing sexy little mama oh yeah
come give me a kiss
oh hello some guy with his
remote-control car I was gonna trip man
that was pretty cool man I've always
wanted to make a video where I buy a
remote-controlled car and just like you
know drive it around and doing like
tricks and stuff I have that's like a
video idea I've been wanting to do for
ages you know I will do it one day
alright guys but yeah you guys just need
to keep reminding me okay we got a cute
dog and a guy on his phone I was gonna
drop it isn't he right there oh come on
come and goddamn it better make sure
that never happens again
ah this poor dog what a cutie oh what's
this
a cat gun oh and reloading is petting it
what game is this is this postal no can
someone tell me what game this is or is
this a mod what game is this because I
need to be buying this game what a cute
game where you got a cat as a gun oh
okay so the guys came the floor really
that funny so he just kept something on
the floor and made his friend pick it up
oh okay if you guys have never heard of
Kanye West's new song
he basically swears every second I think
that the name of the song is a swear
word I don't even know that was a clean
version but I guess that's it I'm a
freak this is a cat is it sneezy sneezy
cat Mike a sneeze before but that was
repairing for that sneeze you know what
I'm saying
what the hell are those raccoons what I
think some guys playing a flute and
summoning all these raccoons can you
actually do this
summon animals with a flu I thought I
was a joke or something okay well
alright alright well apparently you can
do that Jesus Christ I had no idea
not this American pansexual okay okay
this is a spongebob oh oh okay yeah okay
what am I meant to comment about that
after watching that okay well that's
just that's what dank means this is what
some kids make in their in their little
bedrooms alright don't ask me okay some
guy is starting on the road probably
shouldn't do that
okay oh okay
these guys are jumping a fence what are
they what are they getting into Oh
security Oh
he's gonna make it Oh got away oh he's
going to like a concert or something man
that guy just got a free entry cuz he
jumped the fence no way oh okay we got a
guy moving his camera
oh is it looping he's like what's with
all these cameras wow it actually fits
really well
oh that meme is so good okay okay this
means amazing alright someone has to
recreate this oh I'm gonna recreate this
okay because this means amazing this
beam again let's go
is there a skeleton
is that cuz it's October now and we were
meant to be all scary but for Halloween
and stuff I think that I think that's
why is he taking a selfie on a train the
driver was in and skadam oh that was
scare me - alright who takes a picture
with a train alright I just asking to be
dead okay was this a little little baby
deer or something oh and me get it
because the drum bit on that song though
what was this was this animal thinking
when when going through that okay but I
mean it played it pretty cool after you
know oh it's another one
Wow great man there's so many memes in
that I could probably recognize them all
that's how you know I've been watching
too many memes when I could recognize
all of those the holy shit man I should
remake this and should be my channel
intro okay I'm gonna remake it alright
I've decided more October Halloween
means this is the goosebumps theme song
man what a great show yeah alright yeah
we get it the goosebumps seems very
spooky okay yeah very funny
all right what is going on okay we get
it all right Jesus all right so this
guy's putting his trash into the trash
short short guy and that disappears
okay and now we got a tsunami going what
is going on okay I have no idea all
right but yeah do not put the trash in
the trash shortcut because you do not
know what's gonna happen oh my god oh
one just fell did you not see my whole
video that I made I'm reacting to
cockroaches Jesus Christ that's
disgusting riding a Segway okay guys you
know what I think at this point I am all
memed out all right if you guys want me
to continue reacting the dank memes the
series as soon as this video reaches
30,000 likes I'm gonna upload the next
Rettendon memes video I want to make
sure I want to try and do it weekly okay
because I haven't made it in like a
month and I've missed out on a lot of
memes because of it so yeah if you guys
keep like the series alright leave a
like alright let me know either way
those guys so much for watching and I
will see you in the next video man
slowly guys buh-bye
