Hoover hello everyone how is everyone
doing in this measure selfie I did a
lazy German we are finally playing dis
honored to baby I've been playing this
game so much since it came out and I am
absolutely loving it baby now if you
guys haven't played this one before
all right dishonor is basically a game
where you have to kill a bunch of
targets and you can either do it in a
really aggressive way like stab him in
the back or you can do inhumane way like
choking them oh there we go
jokey jokey Oh everyone's fire me now
guys stop it please guys oh listen dude
you if I was you I'd run away nope okay
okay so like I said you could either do
it in a very crazy a killi killi way or
you could do it in like a humane way now
obviously each mission is different
alright in this video blazer gentlemen I
am gonna be exploring all of the powers
and at the moment I'm playing as Emily
but later on the video or players Corvo
but basically emily has a bunch of
abilities that are unique to ourselves
emily has something called far reach
where basically it's the same thing
except it pulls you in is this lady
taking photographs oh how lovely
ah groen good day for a swim sighs now
right okay why am i killing civilians
again oh yeah it's funny
Oh what Jakob is like oh my god there
goes his head oh alright I should be
killing civilians but it's kind of funny
leave you a lot woah I did the exact
opposite okay
Oh oh my god Wow savage and jumpy that
was so cool this is so bad at these
kills are so cool
yikes oh my god hello's that look oh
hello
by bike and alright okay enough messing
around now guys these are all the powers
that emily has she has something called
shadow walk where you assume a
stealthier form of yourself you have an
ability called dark vision which allows
you to see better in darkness and
observe things through walls okay so if
you won't do this game stealthily I
think that's probably a good ability to
go for now you have Domino now Domino is
really cool because basically if you
link a bunch of enemies and basically
kill one of them all the enemies that
are linked will die in that exact same
way so it's a good way of taking out
multiple targets you have something
called doppelganger summon a shade of
yourself that attracts enemies I haven't
seen that before oh my goodness we need
to do that and lastly we have mesmerize
summon a void spirit to enthrall humans
or hounds
oh my goodness that sounds cool alright
in this video guys I'm done like all of
Emily's abilities and basically show you
some cool things that you can do in it
so shadow walk I need one more room now
if you equip this heart it will show you
on the map where some near rooms oh
there's one right in this earth was this
a killer whale mouth alright I can now
unlock shadow walk yes what am I now if
you shadow walk before it's basically a
really good way of getting past enemies
very stealthily ok activate whoa you
turn into this shadow and he's walking
shadow walking while I'm in shadow walk
do you think I could kill enemies let's
see if I can kill this guy
oh my call the grand god oh my goood oh
okay I think I could knock people out
while in shadow walk ok sneak up on the
sky and whoa whoa and look he's
unconscious okay so that's like a humane
of do way of doing it
sneak on by sneak on by and and Samara
Boise guy oh my god
broke his bones ah this over these poor
civilians these are hiding these guys
aren't even enemies they're civilians
kill him oh my goodness I took off his
leg I think Kerry's like okay you won't
need this anymore so I'll be on my way
Jesus Christ
this is absolutely Savage I love this
game but yeah let's now move on to dark
vision I want to see what this is like
see better in darkness and observe
living beings through walls cool so if
you are planning to do a really stealthy
no killing playthrough I think this
ability is definitely the one you want
to go for okay dark vision all right
this is a hostile area and as you can
see there's a guard there okay no one's
looking wait really
oh oh it's a civilian well you could die
anyway
all right so that's pretty much dark
vision really handy if you're planning
to do a no killing playthrough all right
now let's check out Domino now this
sounds really cool I'm not really sure
how this works okay link that guy link
that guy and then
look his leg and head are now taken
apart that's so cool I swear to God I
actually love this ability so you can
basically choose an enemy that's really
far away like that one okay and then
choose one that's really close like this
one and say you can choke him out okay
and is that one getting choked ooh look
they both got choked out that's so cool
all right now that domino ability is
cool as hell
all right let's now try double ganger
because that sounds interesting as hell
so apparently doppelganger summers a
shade of yourself that attracts enemies
all right activate whoa there she is
look oh my goodness look it's Emily oh
oh she disappeared
all right there's a bunch of gods here
that I need to get past all right let's
activate doppelganger go oh distracted
look they're attacking us oh look
they're all distracted fire alright
there's some guards over here that I
need to get past maybe it might activate
doppelganger look they're distracted
okay run after I run after all oh let's
see oh no double ganger you right you
led them right to me
alright now time for the last power
mesmerize summon a void spirit to
enthrall humans okay that sounds
absolutely amazing let's activate it or
I don't even know what this does guys
all right let's try it on this guy
now oh my goodness was this whoa what's
going on here it's distracting enemies
look at this I can now walk past whoa
all right again so if you're doing a
stealth playthrough mesmerise is such a
good ability you can basically go places
but distract enemies while doing it so
I'm going to strike these guys okay and
as they're distracted I can then walk
past them or even kill them look at that
all right such a cool ability all right
so that's basically all of Eliot Emily's
abilities now what I'm going to do is
I'm a switch saves to my Corvo side and
let's check out some of his abilities
because I believe he's got some new
unique ones all right now corvo's main
ability is blink just like the last game
it's basically another teleportation one
but this time it's actually like instant
rather than a pulley one all right so
you've got blink and you've also got
possession where you assume control of a
host for a short time okay now I believe
this was in the last game you can
control enemies you can control animals
it's really cool
all right let's try this one first
there's usually rats somewhere here
let's see if I can try and find a run
there's some rats look I can possess
them oh look guys I can now control the
rats so basically if I need to get past
enemies and you're doing like a stealth
playthrough you can basically do this
and then leave the host body and then
you'll basically start from here but it
kills the rats sadly so you shouldn't be
doing on humans because then you'll kill
the humans that's if you're doing like a
non killing playthrough all right again
Korver has dark vision too so I've
already shown that now let's do all Bend
time now Bend time is really useful in
combat all right unlock then time all
right now this is really cool all right
there's guards here quickly to end time
look
I can then go for a rest bang and again
and again bang and then again oh oh no I
ran outside ah okay is dead
Oh nope life all right bedtime man
online donation alright come on come on
come on hit me out to the Institute come
on
assassinate and then this guy come on
before you reacts there we go Corvo also
has devouring swarm summon rats that
attack enemies and devour bodies so it
doesn't leave bodies behind
okay that's useful that is really
aggressive ability but oh my goodness
okay let's try that out
all right let's kill these gods go hmm
look the rats and again oh oh my god
oh my god
and again look these right on the sky -
oh my god oh my god now the last of
corvo's abilities is wind blast which is
a gust of wind that shatters dots and
deflects projectiles
there's this gust of wind works on
enemies oh it does look I'm gonna push
him over go it's funny
oh this abilities cool I'm on a bit
closer I come too close right now
amazing okay guys that was loads of fun
I basically checked out all of the
abilities of the two characters now I'm
absolutely loving Dishonored - okay
dishonor 1 was my favorite game it is so
much goddamn fun and I literally can't
wait to go and finish the game so yeah
hope you guys enjoyed if you guys did
then be sure to leave a like and let me
know if you want to see more Dishonored
2 anyway guys thank you all so much for
watching this was loads of fun and yeah
I will see you in the next video man she
later guys love you ba ba
