hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mesh yourself there and today ladies
German you guys read the title we are
back yet again with watch chokes cool
baby that's right your boy measures that
was back yet again with some more
exclusive wash dogs 2 game play by there
now I got invited to yet another event
they knew how much I love watch dogs ok
so they invited me to another event my
boys are Ubisoft ok boys and girls are
you soft ok so I went to another event
in Paris guys and to play a little bit
more of watch dogs - ok we played a
bunch of watch dog stuff we basically
played through the whole of the
beginning which I'll talk about in a
second was absolutely good by the way
and this sort of gameplay session
capture session was sort of a bit more
focus on multiplayer which I will talk
about that in a second as well but to
summarize I am absolutely loving of
watch dogs - I am so excited now I love
playing these games early because it
just kick makes me it makes me so
excited that I can play early first off
and yeah I'm like really really really
excited to play this game when it game
when it comes out and it comes out
pretty soon by the way the game comes
out at November 15th ok and the guys
over at Ubisoft were nice enough to give
me a discount code ok so if you are
getting the game alright get it from my
link that is down in the description ok
and when you're checking out if you use
the code mess yourself - 20 ok it will
give you a 20% discount ok so basically
people watch this video get the game
cheaper than the rest of people ok so if
you are if you are looking forward to
watchdogs - just like me use my discount
code because it will save you some money
alright so thank you guys at Ubisoft for
doing that alright they need to ok you
could have let them pay the full price
for the game but you know what they're
throwing us a bone here so if you're
going to get the game use my cold it
will help you so the first thing they
let us do this cap session is pay the
beginning of the game now they didn't
let me record it which is a shame but I
sort of get it ok the beginning was
really really good and yeah they don't
want to spoil everything in these videos
but I'm pretty sure I'm allowed to tell
you guys okay so we don't want spoilers
okay what spoil it too much basically we
basically had to
hacked into this big massive building
okay and it was sort of like a hacking
test in order to sort of like wipe my
online data bla bla bla bla bla and in
this sort of beginning mission you meet
like all the hacker are they all your
hacker friends and stuff like that it
was pretty pretty badass and cool trust
me guys when you start playing the game
the beginning of the game is just so
good and so fun okay and so exciting
okay watchdogs one had a really good
intro as well so they didn't let us
record it sadly but we went straight to
free roam after that okay so when we go
straight into free roam we are sent to
our headquarters okay and in these
headquarters again there's more
cutscenes where you talk and meet all
your new characters a little bit about
them actually guys in my last watchdogs
too video which you haven't watched that
already boom go watch that one
my last watchdog video people were
saying that actually wanted to see the
cutscenes without me talking so yeah
this is the cutscene when you basically
the day after you meet all your hacker
friends and they're basically in trowing
the warehouse and the HQ and oh yeah got
got go watch this what cutscene guys
yo finally so Josh and I spoke and
fucking over bloom has been a
long-standing project all right you need
two things to take down bloom need to
get people to rally behind your causes
separate you from the troll and we need
bots and a lot of them to handle the
data CTOs is processing Thank You Josh
we spent all night modifying our app so
you can get followers to download the
app and we can use their processing
power for the cause this is happening
it's really happening man this is
happening you back it to it hell yeah
man barbarians are at the gate
ready to bust enrollment heads and we're
gonna focus on some high-profile ops
flame for exposure and laughs to get
people to download our app don't worry
that was something fun so yeah as you
can see from the cutscene you are part
of dedsec a hacking team okay and your
main objective is to get people to down
low your app and to take down bloom
which is basically this big corporation
that have a lot of data on everyone okay
it's just not good all right your
standard hacking story okay I don't know
the details you better play the game
when the game comes out to find out
every single little detail about it okay
so yeah that's pretty much the beginning
of the game all right they didn't
actually the main focus wasn't to show
the beginning of the game well it was
okay because obviously the last player
but the main focus was the multiplayer
on the game which by the way lays German
is so much better and so much fun in
watchdogs to baby so scattered around
the map are these purple little icons
that sharp which are missions that you
can either do by yourself or you can
then bring on a friend emerges people
basically their online lobbies okay so
there's like no loading screens or
whatever there might be a loading screen
if it was going to teleport you halfway
across the map obviously but you can
pretty much play these missions pretty
much with a friend which I pretty much
like and I remember we all had our
headsets on while in the while recording
and there was just one like I think it
was this French dude and he was on that
on the microphone to me talking to me
and we were doing the mission together
and it was just so much fun fun because
he was like he was Fred so he was like
speaking really bad English because
obviously I can't speak another language
but yeah it was pretty much loads of fun
I think our mission was to sort of
locate and free a prisoner I think it
was free and I'm not I can't remember on
the top of my head but yeah it was loads
of fun we basically had to sneak on by
and I was trying to do it stealthily but
this French man was like no no no we
attack we attack and then you just
started shooting all guns blazing but
that's the thing I like about watchdogs
is that you can pretty much do it
stealthily or you can do all guns
blazing okay go guns blazing pretty much
the quicker way but yeah just the fact
that you can do like missions with
another friend just add so much more
like content you can do you know there's
some things that you just want to do by
yourself like I really like the story
missions I'm kind of like a story person
sort of a kind of gamer and I like doing
the story missions by myself but also I
like to mess around with a couple of
friends and I like that there's some
missions that you can do for that and
yeah that was pretty cool I really like
that doing that mission oh yeah
something to point out from the gameplay
look at this okay we just escaped from
all our enemies and I thought I would
drive right into the shore and look at
it no no it just quit flying off the
ragdoll this game so funny so playing
with your friends isn't just these
missions okay you can just play around
with your friends and just mess around
and free roam okay and this was the
exact moment when I met my friend that
was playing with at this event okay and
basically there is some serious
absolutely hilarious ragdoll in this
game okay I literally I just keep going
up and they just kept hitting me down
and I was like okay I've had enough now
stop it and then again hit me down and
then again and then again
okay and literally I don't think I've
loved so much in my entire life like I
just something about like getting hit
when you're a ragdoll just physics it
was so funny I just never had so much
fun and what in a recording session like
it just made me love so much every time
I keep getting here but yeah there's
giving me a lot of that if you are going
to play online with your friends or in
watch dogs too okay they just keep
hitting you over and over again and what
I pretty much did at this capture event
is I just messed around like the thing
that I loved about like free roam
open-world games is that like especially
with friends you can just jump in and
then just mess around like we didn't
even like do anything all we did was
just like this down and just run around
shooting cops getting in trouble running
people over
but the thing is like we were doing that
for like hours and hours and hours and
we still weren't getting bored like we'd
still wanted to play more and more and
like I think that's how you know what
stocks to is going to be good because
like the hours just seem to like just
take over by without me even noticing
okay and we weren't even like doing like
that much crazy mission stuff there was
a lot of mission stuff to do but like
just even just driving around and having
fun it's just it is enough it's sort of
just keeping entertained you know so
what I pretty much did for this whole
capture session is a pretty much the
standard online cart but there is other
things you can do a multiplayer there is
a thing called hacking invasion which is
exactly well not exactly it's pretty
much like what we had in watchdogs one
where you have to pretty much scone me a
person without being detected and sort
of download data from them okay but for
the majority of my time with my friend
that I was playing with that this event
we did the bounty hunter now the bounty
hunter is when your there's a person
that appears on your map and you have to
kill them with your friends yes like
hunting them down which is really really
funny because what our what we did is
our tactic is one of us was driving the
cars and the other one actually got on
top of the car and you and what we were
doing is we were getting on top of the
car and then shooting the other person
as we saw them okay but yet to sunrise
that's pretty much all we got up to and
all I can say about it is that it is so
much fun and I cannot wait for watchdogs
tool to come out okay be sure to leave a
comment if you guys want me to upload
like loads of watchdogs to gameplay I
actually wouldn't like a physic I just
want the game to play and like record
live for you guys because it's one of
those games where like that it's perfect
for YouTube videos and it's kind of
annoying me that I'm having to make
these videos because I want to like play
it live okay so I'm really excited for
the game and I hope you guys are too I
hope I sort of convinced you about how
good watchdogs twos gonna be because
I've it's been won over for me okay I
had some doubts about it when it when it
first got announced but now that I
played it had some hands on it is just
basically just fun like their main focus
was for fun and you could tell like when
developing it like it's just it's just
which is fun like I just I genuinely are
having a lot of fun
playing it but yeah that's pretty much
all we got up to I hope you guys enjoyed
I hope you guys are excited for
watchdogs - and yeah be sure to look out
for more watchdogs to content in the
future anyway guys thanks for watching
and I'll see you in the next video man
slowly guys love you Baba
