hello everyone how is everyone doing in
his meshes over and today ladies Jeremy
you guys read the title we are back yet
again with South Park the stick of truth
thank you guys so much for the support
the series so far remember be sure to
leave a like as soon as we reach 10,000
likes I'm not know the next episode
now last episode apparently the elves
are now wanting me okay and we want
their the last episode the elves
captured me and said don't hire the goal
and the last episode the last episode
it's a lot episode the elves captured me
and said don't tell the goth kids to
sign for the fatty Cartman but sign for
the elves okay so they want me to go to
the school and hang up a sign sounds
great
can you keep a secret neither could i
last episode I said shut up so I'm
telling you right now okay here we are
we are the community center I thought it
was at the school bus at the community
center oh shit
it isn't right I tell you out of nowhere
this huge Taco Bell is being built I
will be alien or missing precious full
time Oh school should be able to resume
soon yay what if it's not really a Taco
Bell we're dealing with Oh everyone this
is the kid whose family just moved to
town we've become very close friends
what's your name uh anyway this child
and I witnessed something last night and
I'd like you to hear his story
go ahead oh I can't talk I don't talk in
this game go ahead Tom tell Nestor about
the alien probably about them shoving
something on my it's a waste of
everyone's time the PTA is it gonna do
something about Taco Bell taking over
then the rest of us parents well hi guys
I'm just gonna go put up this sign it
that's okay okay bye bye look I know how
you're feeling okay this isn't gonna
solve anything I saw you on the ship you
have pretty good control over your farts
it meet me in the back good time for you
to learn some real power meet you in the
fall
that sounds very dodgy grandi I can tell
you have potential but you are
undisciplined what the shit try and fart
on me come on join fuck oh ok I just
pinned down call that farting on someone
you missed by a mile try again
ok I'm sorry hey oh hi cha farts over
there somewhere
didn't come to blows going to teach you
a fart called I'm a sneaky squeaker oh
ok that sounds good try and block my
attack this is so stupid
why am i learning responds oh shit fuck
the boss come on and Dina shit 4040 fart
good good oh mr Mackey distract mr
Mackey over the corner there ok damn
going little fart go go fart you guys
hear that it sounded like a chipmunk now
be the shit I wake up very very now use
what I taught you to sneak inside that
Taco Bell okay I know it now have to
report back here alright we have to go
to the Taco Bell never fart on anyone's
boss why did I say that remember don't
find anyone bo oh shit look at everyone
outside this talk about it oh no it's
the government they're hiding up this
shit is clearly a spaceship there's
absolutely nothing out of the ordinary
is going on yeah right they don't
believe it come on will this Taco Bell
be serving in churritos is it gonna be a
full menu Taco Bell or is this gonna be
one of those Taco Bell KFC combos we got
a guy out here asking a lot of questions
wants to know if the Taco Bell will have
in torito's or not sir dammit we don't
have a contingency for that it's a
simple question if there's gonna be a
huge Taco Bell will it serve in Cerritos
I think we have a right to know Oh mark
oh no more Oh Mark's dead rest in peace
mark leave a comment sweetie Oh sweetie
Oh sweetie she's dead okay guys we must
distract the gods with our fog come on
come on
Oh Oh sounded like a clown horn sorry
absolutely nobody allowed past back in
it they didn't buy it well I did go in
oh we're going into the alien spaceship
that got anal probe dose I must use the
fuck use the fart again that's odd quick
quick shit
hey I'm shit I can use my alien probe up
here hmm look whoa alright go in the
vents oh my god we've been unable to
stop the UFO from leaking the toxic
waste
oh no just the alien liquid appear to
have the same effect as last time I'm
afraid so
oh it turns things into nazi zombies
nobody zombies god dammit I'm so tired
of nazi zombies so overused we're going
to have to completely obliterate
everything in a three-block radius what
we can contain the outbreak this time if
we act quickly enough let's move they're
gonna destroy softball everything we've
just talked about has been recorded onto
this tape I'm going to leave it alone
here for a few minutes then come back
later and have it encrypted and locked
away so nobody ever hears what was said
in this meeting
yeah good idea alright guys it looks
like we can have to take that okay baby
get him oh no oh shit the zombie okay
that's a strong our zombie it's gonna be
so awesome she's gonna be so awesome
shut the hell up Stan okay let's see
what ability Stan has he has the discus
of Mike come on
discus open now
Annie bed our way all right guys go in
all right take the tape recorder there
we go
we have the recording device don't go go
go oh no they've done into Nazi soldiers
all no okay with wish Oh
Seamus crude look now the German
soldiers oh no guys this chairman flake
is his really spreading like wildfire
he's got a gun
Oh yesterday just tried to bite me now
now all right Stan's other ability is
whirlwind slash
what the shit is this come on now is
awesome once marked for death
wait I wish it okay that I did nothing
come on ducky from this talk I did it oh
no guys look at all the zombies
everywhere guys this is bad this is
really really really really really bad
so recording huh okay data on here
listen to it what kind of Taco Bell is
going to be where are they
we're gonna have to completely
obliterate everything in a three-block
radius Oh bury it all then make a fake
story about an earthquake oh oh sons of
bitches a badger
not a simple Taco Bell we're dealing
with it's the most massive Taco Bell
ever built off a good insight we're not
going to let Taco Bell win I'll take
that picture you wanted now view with
the PTA thank you alright so we finally
got a story on our hands guys nazi
zombies have taken over the world and
the town's gonna be blown up okay this
kids still here though shut anyway even
though the whole town's gonna be blown
up we should still play our game and
hire the goth kids to come play with us
he'll have to pass the final test
what can you can scarf dance wait Goths
dance wait what the shit coffee
cigarettes got wait what the shit what
is this just on what baby don't swear
you bloody ass
oh yeah I'm dancing like a god oh yeah
it's pretty god it's pretty cough right
that's pretty tight new kid you've
officially proven yourself just tell us
where you need us and we'll be there
yay I did it was complete Oh who's
friends again
alright guys now we have a choice we can
either side with Kyle and the elves or
side with Cartman and the humans okay
I'm going to sign with Cartman okay cuz
I like Cartman he's more funny
hello Cartman I decided this side with
you time to summon our forces
come here and your dedication to Koopa
keepo b came plate yay okay
hello do that huh send the Raven while
the rest of you have been picking your
respective arses r6 it is time to
finally give you a title worthy of your
deeds what I hear by a noisy commander
tooth bags come on - man yeah what
really we just use it to do messages on
Twitter
you mean you shut down their message
Raven I'll hit it this desk citizens of
Cuba Kate we know where the elves are
hiding the stick now we shall march on
the skew and make the hallways drift
with Alvin's life yeah means you go to
school now hmm afraid of tonight well I
guess what one month
oh no they blew their horn blower
sputters oh my fucking ankle if you're
in the building you're fighting for a
time I know garden you stop by before
you're even born bring yourself from his
control don't tell me what to do you
bloody
they have gone crazy butters okay stick
with me and everything will be okay okay
these elves everywhere guys okay quickly
into the vent Oh up there up here alien
probe from here and there then yes
quickly far to the fire oh shit okay
everyone's dead
oh no the school's going to absolute
hell okay what's my name - okay I don't
know stay back you guys something is
seriously wrong with the hallway
monitors Oh No
please the job don't touch him each
engine is we didn't know school had been
canceled oh no found this cream gooey it
was everywhere Oh No serve you right for
being a pat yet hallway monitor in the
first day in the goo no good choice
somehow that green goo make ginger
hallway monitor Zetas neighbor oh shit
even more ginger hallway Nazi shit guys
now we know that Nazis are bloody
attacking pinging South Park Oh what's
this I have a new ability funnel of
frost
oh wait butters has a new ability to
Professor chaos
oh shit is badass
oh shit choose their fate huh mom hmm
I'm Roque oh whoa badass touch of the
gingers No
Oh No he does me nobody stops the
panting good after like ten years
oh shit is all the green goo oh no it's
not but as it's a bloody Germany shut up
Carl I think you do not care about your
life lady dodge okay flaming dog shit
that's not nice oh shit oh shit run away
okay I gotta fight these guys that's
nice come on get something different
this time hmm
healing touch wait that shit Life Drain
whoa
all right let's swap bodies I want to
see what Kenny has okay I think Kenny
has a new ability shut up Kenny oh okay
we just died okay well I don't get CS
Billy this here new kid oh shit I go
first and oh shit is bad ass huh Toki oh
we're doing a bit of a dog the comments
section will kill me
Kenny's got a new ability unicorn
stampede okay let's do it
and I killed them
oh okay well there you go the dog dead
oh oh dad oh no that made us hungry
okay just out of curiosity if I do the
unicorn thing but I mess it up what
happens you think I did it okay
Oh Stan Stan I'm sorry can I load it my
heart stands weapon I'm sorry Stan but
you're dead let's go in guys back away
from the desk juking oh my goodness new
kid Carmen is using UK keys here he's
gonna nip you later
you're just jealous cuz the new kid
picked me as a friend of a huge turn
around and fight Cartman instead do the
white I don't know what to do
pick a side kick is that oh I get to
pick oh shit I don't know okay I'm gonna
stick with my gut and fight this you're
gonna be sorry sorry Kyle Kyle has 4,000
health ah shit I wanna be here forever
luckily with the power of editing oh I
booked it oh shit he would you have
yeah take the stick from inside his desk
our tests don't have insides Oh Oh
this desk us writing on it check my
locker whose desk is that that's that's
Clyde guest Clyde's that thieving
bastard Oh mmm well you loved it busy
fighting amongst yourselves I built a
kingdom beyond your apprehension
oh my rebound I shall raise an army of
the dead oh no it's using kittens ever
gonna let us watch together i banished
him to be licensed space and time and I
got pissed
whoa that Boston that's a second oh no
we're gonna knock on glass hours can we
speak to Gladys whoa you can't do that
glad you're not to try to say you're not
yeah you are at all oh shit who was
friends oh shit oh no oh no that was
doing that do you know what time it is
mr. way past your bedtime Floyd it's
past your bedtime ha hey Connie God okay
guys I'm gonna end this episode of South
Park here hope you guys are enjoying it
okay the plot is getting thicker and
thicker now okay and yeah I'm having
loads of fun recording this and I hope
you guys are having loads of fun
watching it like I said beginning
episode I'll upload next episode as soon
as you reach 10,000 lights and I'll see
you then thanks for watching guys ba ba
damn it
