every day when you're walking down the
street and everybody that you need as an
original wonderful time today
get the
with each other
okay hello everyone how's everyone doing
is mr. selfie and you guys ready to try
the we are back it again with the Sims
foe beta now I'm so excited because I
have got a bunch of shitty titties on
the menu today we're doing a bunch of
shit with the is it lady Brandon I
thought I got rid of her what the hell
is she a neighbor now the hell's going
on
okay lady Cheryl we are back with the
usual family okay I gave a couple of
people make all this okay as you can see
the new nugget looking like a smooth
mama JAMA he's all hipster and shit
we've got a slot looking all fancy for
summer look at that beautiful hair what
is this shit piss off okay now today is
a very big and important episode alright
because ladies gentlemen we are doing
something we have never done before we
are going
move house now in today's video we are
covering the two latest DLCs which is
the backyard stuff and the kids room
stuff now in the backyard stuff it
basically added a lot of stuff for your
back yard duh and the kids room stuff
adds a lot of stuff for your kid's room
doubled up okay now I love my house
alright I spent a lot of time on it I
built it all from scratch okay and I
don't want to get rid of it but the
thing I don't like about my house is
that it barely has a garden here's my
wall my wedding shit from when we had a
wedding and here's my back garden which
it just is it's just bloody shit man so
what I have done is I've taken my house
and put it on a bigger lot and also
added a bunch of backyard stuff okay so
leizerman get ready to see my brand-new
summer house back in the summer time
when the weather is hot
women on your mind so this is my new
house baby well what's a new house but
it's the same house but look at all this
cool stuff I have in the back on how
lovely not only outside the house but
also inside the house I added all the
kids room stuff to this little kids room
it used to be a bathroom and stuff but I
made it into one big kids room I also
did the floor above look at this it's
like a boy's kid's room how
lovely jubbly alright now since the two
new DLCs are the kids room stuff and the
back room stuff it's mainly about kids
so I came up with the brilliant idea is
to make all of our sims turn into kids
okay
so we're gonna go into crazy a mentor
and turn all of our sins into kids
except for Uranus because she is a kid
okay let's go to the Edit ops
alright so these are all of our sims
okay now imma turn every single one of
these little chicks into kiddies
okay so introducing the new little
kiddies every day when you're walking
down the street and everybody that you
need as an original point of view and I
see
today
I'm here we got lace gentlemen look how
adorable they are
okay first introducing little lady baby
how adorable is she do P Yellin OB
gamete gory P ah
JD jonatha well okay what's that tray
apparently lady baby is good oh that's
nice yes alright calm down lady Betty
stupid no go ha ha ha and this lace
Jemma's nugget look at him man he's a
good-looking fellow isn't it knocking
how are you doing my friend
burl oh you're not a burden hola shut up
nugget Ron ooh ha grinding no it guys
sounds like a bully shut up nugget
apparently nugget is evil okay look at
that
Brandon you are so adorable look a prize
little kid this is I'm not gonna lie
this actually kinda looks like me as a
kid look at me I'm so adorable Yama coos
coos oh dude JAMA coos oh you move what
didn't have a test I'm recording don't
bother me
apparently Brandon's an insider Sims who
loved being in clubs what Brandon you
can't go to a club you like ten years
old okay chubby no sir no sir eh shut up
Brian Rhonda look Alesi guy looks like a
little jacket looks like um hold
ourselves isn't it she's so cute guys
little kid
okay and now we've got baby slut now
what I've done is remember baby slot and
the right the beginning of the series
was a kid so I just took what he looked
like before this is what he looked like
as a kid I don't know what the shit he
turned into when he was an adult but
yeah this is him now what what why is he
sound like that you met to be a man
apparently he's insane
ah there we've got cute little donut now
I think donut look like this as well in
the series okay look okay she was when
she was a little kitty aren't you so
adorable
Gomi sure blow Mack uh what you sound
like a dude donut okay wait what the
hell's this donut is a kleptomaniac
these sims don't mind borrowing things
from other sims when what are you bloody
stealing just throw that shit from up
don't have you put that right back you
stupid little girl ah ha ha ha ha look
at Kelly oh she's so cute look a little
Kelly little blonde okay she's the most
adorable person ever she kind of looks
like it girl looks like her isn't it I
think I did a really good job at crab
putting them to Sims okay uh what was
she alright partly Kelly is mean I know
you're mean Kelly oh shut up and of
course you've got your anus okay because
your anus was a kid and we need at least
one adult with his family otherwise know
that you can have kids so yeah I made
your anus into old okay into old yes so
this single mom of Uranus is now taking
care of seven babies okay let's now go
and have some fun in the house you're
like to move I like to move it
but I like to move it move it I like to
move it move it I like to I like to move
it move it I like to move it move it I
like to move it move it
director okay here we are all the kids
are in the new house no no guys don't go
inside come on don't go inside we have
to go play outside you pieces of shit or
what's this bloody dough not going for a
swim as he's actually one donut where
you going donut oh you're gonna go play
on the under on dos or the pirate ship
Oh
your army mateys we got a sinking of him
come on remember don't know what the
shit are you doing okay you're playing
on a ship by yourself look at her she
loves imagining your cremate you
we've got the whole ship of our flying
Dutchman's look at them all shooting up
other ships clearly okay yargh how do
kids have this fun wait were you doing
are you going on the slide
ah why is it so lucky oh my goodness
everything's up island all this shit my
house is gone so laggy Oh Kelly
alright so being inside each other you
dirty bastards Oh is a hot tub here shut
up everyone's getting the hot tub yeah
boy
look at everyone chilling in the hot tub
yeah but Oh private what are you doing
Oh what he's charlie okay okay it's okay
he's still alive you guys are not
enjoying the hot tub wait what are you
doing you guys pretty hockey okay you
better not see any funny business okay
remember slut is Nuggets mum okay so I
don't see any funny business actually
that reminds me can Brandon actually
kiss bloody slut should I try that out
or what's this look my love is all way
up with her okay let's see if you know
anything Brandon asked to play and
fountain what does that do I can kids
play listen Kelly were you doing over
shot up Kelly okay no it's do everyone a
favor and just go to sleep okay listen
guys we have like 10 pools and you
choose to bloody play in the fountain
what the hell is wrong with you kids
your face she's that you think of it out
Ditka branded oh yeah
I am so digging what you're digging
splashy splashy splashy I stop that you
stupid or come on brown and stop acting
like a bloody child and go make a move
on your sexy beautiful wife that's now a
kid is it is it dirty to want to see
kids kiss probably take a picture
together
what the hell where did I give this kid
a phone selfie first on my Facebook page
wait what the hell there's no romantic
okay action
what there's no romantic I can't kiss
God let it guess I mean I'm not upset
about that um yeah anyway let's move on
with the video book ah oh my god yeah so
with that with their kids a back room
stuff shit pack okay you could play with
these things
whoa what tricks look at that badass
it was so cool snot let me go look at
that she was like yeah I'm gonna go do
it again well let go she's so cool oh
sure
slut fell Oh sharp rhymes retreat to a
badass this is so funny watch baby slut
fail I know he is looking what spit look
everyone having so much fun it's
definition of summer like a brat it's
lying to your ghost dm's like wait what
did she go face-first what happened I
missed it ha ha ha hilarious only see
that again and again again oh shit
Bradley fell Brendan you meant to be
smooth Mitchie what the hell's wrong
with you you piece of shit ha ha ha oh
yeah
nugget are you okay oh shit is that oh
shit man
that's what I get for trying to impress
the bitches alright don't I don't show
off your piece of shit okay guys now I'm
gonna have to end the video here I'm so
sorry
basically I recorded a bunch more The
Sims 4 and I actually ended up deleting
some of the face cam footage okay it's
pretty much unusable so yeah sorry I'm
have to cut this
Sims video a little bit short but I do
want to continue Sims 4 as a series so
be sure to leave a like as soon as we
reach 10,000 likes I'm gonna upload
another Sims video I know I keep saying
I'm going to bring Sims back but I do
promise I am gonna try actively to do it
they take a long time to make but I
think it's an old game yeah but I still
think Sims as it makes really good makes
really good videos and like a lot of you
guys love Sims so I think I'm gonna keep
up this series that's if we reach 10,000
likes anyway guys thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed and I will
see you in the next video man solare the
guys love you bah bah
