oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is measure selfie and today ladies
German I have a very special video for
you guys because we are finally playing
with the PlayStation VR headset
that's right PlayStation now have its
own VR headset with a bunch of exclusive
PlayStation linked games so today ladies
Jemma we are playing with this and we're
going to check out some of the games
that came with it baby
whoa look I could see my playstation
controller that's so cool what happens
I'll press the buttons oh look at this
book Latisse Pesce all right now the
game we're gonna be doing today lays
German is the London heist okay
now I've heard some good things from
this game so I cannot wait to start this
shit baby
look at this flight get out of here you
stupid diamond ball London iced let's do
this I'm guessing it was your East
London locker 6:32 a.m. plus prayin
early early bird catches the worm I
thought my mom always says shit what am
i oh
guys I can hear somebody coming I'm not
the good kind of break
thank you often a thief oh she's talking
about me up up baby bastard pull the
switch oh don't worry
hmm Oh camera what is this a vlog hey
guys I'm here with bald-headed on the
hole man where am I
why am i blogging down here is a
terrible writing teacher what oh shit
I think door closes now I what uh-oh
you see the side side there pretty
fucking limited would ya what limited I
don't know what the hell were talking
about guys I need you to speak English
do you speak English I want to know
right now and quietly get sarena
Antigona Frank but ho know where to do a
little fucking disappearing act wire
some sort of fucking magician ah yes got
a little magic trick on me on a lot to
show you
oh shit he's gonna pull something out as
oh he's gonna fucking love this one
listen here ocean woods Oh
oh my god uh-oh no no please body
Russian roulette
no the only question I go for use well
fucking she screams from block but and
yesterday 703 I mean the pop what good
God cigar I don't get this
I'm gonna be shooting people I'm having
a cheeky point down the local pub what's
this she keep it if cigar what is this
my god damn Lara don't mind if I do her
Oh hand please go glitching out Oh
someone's concentrating the door stays
shut Oh probably in that aspect with me
we've been talking to the Russians what
the bloody Russians walk across my old
man knew the score your old man can't
make money coming money from a prison
cell from a prison oil coffee guys so
true me
your dad was an absolute legend was
listen sir I don't give a shit about
your dad don't give a shit about these
Russians okay as worth shit here have a
cheeky point down the pub with the lads
and smoke my bloody cigar bits off get
out of it okay I'm pretty sure I'm the
boss you know how you bring down a man
like cause look guys love you make him
look a mug you make him a mug do that do
that yeah I don't cover you so loud your
song so loud so odd they'll keep coming
huh ha ha piss off Tony tonight we are
gonna help ourselves he's got secrets
later the one thing he cares about the
most one thing again about the mugs
water stopping please be loving diamond
diamond you'll need these what'll a
mobile phone a little earpiece it is
cash Getty I'll make sure the alarms
switched off so all you've got to do is
walking walking at the diamond walking
and walk out looking Bob Bob's your
uncle
Babbitt bo-peep how much longer you want
me to talk about this play London heist
alright it ain't all on a nice I expect
to be in London and do a nice
oh shit it's boarding oh god his
security passes us war
Oh guys poised Adam or the computer
thanks Mickey don't boost on those boss
on the computer where there is none of
your fucking business
oh shit he's getting don't bring a fan
right Oh Frankie what Frank oh Jesus
Christ Frank is not messing around guys
I've known you since you was little
something L buddy you know me yes and I
owe you want a kiss huh what we're
looking at me for one you wanna like
yeah can I choose can you spot me up
please cuz I need a light there's my
lighter you know what he sees I'm sure
oh you're smoking I realize you a hater
you just please boring the hell outta
trapped give me the chain all pages
available I want that buddy nobody got
hurt you pull this off tonight all yours
oh this whole this pubs all my money
look at this must be at least like 10
pounds I know what the shit that guy was
talking about I do not care I just want
to go shoot people in a London High
School East London look up Oh No I've
been tortured
listen that smoking shit out of here
okay I'm okay with the cons of torturing
blow torch up my arse I'm completely
fine without smoking come on this is a
public area but you look at it am I
looking at your ugly face elope because
some stones looking me in the eye yeah
what I'll slap your mother this is some
weird floss is this the blowtorch
challenge oh you're may you're gonna pry
little guy you wanna play again a guy
misko's oh oh hey Suri something uh-oh
okay now you can webinar your phone's
ringing fuck psychic the doors down put
the doors down Frank
oh sure lucky die nod he wants to talk
to you oh goodness
gimme yeah oh I understand you have a
dialer
in your own words exactly what happened
uh well first off Vic don't got enough
study mmm guys is it we're going to
steal the bloody diamond
inquire come on guys we need to finally
this is some secret shit right now
we barely quiet boy the vets are coming
anyway and it's a corner it's okay
where's the keg Oh a cold what's the
code guys so what's coming
oh no someone's coming my headset stuck
on my cap do here what's this a gun show
anyone oh shit guys it is bad this is
bad noise she's coming
come on just take him out take him out
come on Alli no self-quizzing bitch
signed up
Oh No up set the alarm we're gonna have
to shoot your way out
oh I'm pretty sure I met fell from gone
cigarette out oh come on guys we know
I'm chef a drop a gun to put oh she died
guys this is someone change I don't got
handle it oh shit cuz it's bad ass bad I
was diabetic - got them cool haha yeah
that's right did reg okay come on one
more left
don't do it I did it nor shoe I did it
that's sweet diamond oh my goodness guy
that was so intense
where am I now Jesus Christ oh no
nothing he's gonna look up listen Nicky
I don't have the diamond I swear it
alright you saw it okay I grabbed it or
okay and then I was it it got the black
that's all I remember
Oh Mickey Mickey you're so fine hey
mickey ghost a bad look upon you blond
man be so kill me now my mouse cursor
plugged in a fight Diane I don't like
this kick jump cutting I understand I
just want to go home okay I don't give a
shit about this diamond okay how much is
worth okay I just want to go home whoa
oh my god
I'll keep your eyes peeled this is
second ago Europe bloody killing me and
now I'm on their bloody Matt Donaldson
no bloody milkshake
this is the life Oh was this a bit oh
you me oh shit I dropped it Russian
mates are up for a bit of an after-party
what a Russian mates
oh no can head up oh shit they got done
oh shit Mickey over there to spoil a
nice and a twat it's all right mate as
always I got my cheeky bitch oh yeah oh
no you don't do that
you don't do that cheer come on ah wait
you sure usually got the gun
the Saudis love it through the book
let's go boy lamppost am about the
bambam our football year now so I'm
talking about baby the cheeky learnin
ice crusher dips oh is that oh shit me
hey what's your bloody peplum Spock
she's on my left you don't wanna take it
far out then Russians oh okay oh okay
darling Erica do this without fire oh oh
oh I died okay
oh whoops take my McDonald okay I'm not
buy gold take the gun
oh you guys oh is that door looks like
all shit okay he's definitely dead - oh
this is so much fun guys the way the
closet double O Muhammad back on my van
this is a bother deal oh no no oh no
he's learning to juggle oh my goodness
screw this we gotta beat this guy
RB key then washes in the explosion what
the hell commotion
oh my god whoa sorry
don't fuck me mate I was crushed yeah I
was too close mate I thought I'd go
there what summit don't feel one it's up
that's all right what what what my
brakes any air those alarms 100% Oh one
fucking light Australian regs you a
pizza French Tony huh he's fucking
mugginess off he's not gonna stop what
we're gonna do about it for Micky Serena
Serena we have the diamond don't we
Diggle the ranks beloved Serena oh shit
get it get Oh Oh hate so when he comes
together oh shit ah a good plan Nikki
choice' get your diamond and then when
knock him out once it comes here he's
gonna look up it's the grand finale guys
what we can do with Serena where's
Serena hello
what so are we friends or what guys I
don't understand what's going on oh
sorry
Frank can't come to the phone right now
uh-oh it wasn't a lot of you personally
uh-oh
just one of you two want to tell me what
the fuck happened hi the easy Frank I'm
just about get going on a fucking blow
to you've gone man it's not the dark
ages Mickey Oh Frank it will be the
fucking dark ages once I'll burn their
fucking eyes out oh shit
oh it's gone Oh can I make it up your
arms your arms the fucking alarms we're
talking about bridge Tony you're clearly
wrecked you won
thanks Tony was a fucking grass there's
a girl know what we - Lisa grass - shut
up
shoot him uh-oh oh shit oh shit look at
it so intense
gone bloody Baldy going on no should be
you should be oh shit this guy's Frankie
stroke it up
oh oh nothing go steady
this is so awesome oh no oh now the
Transpo D all we stopped him know you
stopped him oh he hit him with the
blowtorch the gun graphic on good weight
I crucial him fuck you know if I didn't
know you weren't enough up it beginning
to figures every second fool took it out
huh we did it let's get the fuck out of
here
where's the dog horse ropes coming and
I'm air like that stone this big Oh Luke
in his own fucking mother for it yeah
well yeah yeah we would will kill our
mother Frank wait was that my dad
oh shit that was kind of so actually I
was kind of hoping will be longer oh man
I really enjoyed that guys I hope you
did too dad that was fun as hell do you
think I could kill the bald guy the end
fine much say whoa I knew you had it in
you
I didn't yeah oh we got a lot to talk
about let's start with what happened
with those alarms because when I find
the bastards that let me down I swear to
god they're fucking dead oh one more
thing
uh-oh where's my diamond okay guys I'm
gonna end the video here that was the
PlayStation VR I really love this this
thing okay there's got a bunch of unique
games on it and yeah I can't wait to
make more content on it so as soon as we
reach 10,000 likes I'm gonna upload
another PlayStation VR game there's a
bunch of games I want to try out so I'm
really eager to make a bunch of videos
on them anyway guys thank you so much
watching and I'll see you in the next
video man so there the guys love you
Baba
