cool hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is measure selfie today we're
gonna be doing another reaction video
obviously because that's all the content
that I make nowadays because my channel
has turned to shit okay I'm sorry for
the amount of reaction videos that I'm
doing lately guys okay but at the moment
I'm staying at my girlfriend's house
obviously you can tell and still add
this shitty setup okay so bear with me
alright the videos that I'm gonna be
making over the course of the month are
gonna be you know pretty basic by the
time you know I move out and stuff so in
today's video ladies and gentlemen we
are gonna be focusing on creepy moments
that happened on television okay now no
one watches TV anymore okay only watch
TV when I'm watching Netflix or
something like that alright but I have
gathered some very very weird moments
that have been captured live on
television okay so uh yeah that's the
video that we're doing today all right
is everyone okay with that okay all
right stop complaining okay I'm trying
my best over here okay so the first
creepy thing that happened on television
is from a show called family feud now if
you guys have never heard of the show
family feud it is basically like two
families battling up against each other
and answering like survey questions but
what's creepy about this TV show is the
host richard dawson now back in the day
richard dawson was the host of this TV
show and basically what he did is for
good luck
he used to kiss the female contestants
for some reason okay family and who is
this lovely lady sitting next to you oh
damn straight you are baby
what are you doing get off my wife all
right so this is richard dawson god
scrap de los is that oh lady watch me
yeah okay if you thought that was weird
just you wait Rula to be a family show
all right imagine if I take my wife on
this show disgusting
I tell you honestly we've been on yeah I
think a year and a half it's the first
time on those introductions I've ever
gotten aroused right now this happened
on TV and everyone was okay all right
this guy just said on live television
that they got a pretty boner and
everyone's just like okay and that's
funny does anyone else think that's kind
of creepy
okay just him just making out with
everyone's wives and sisters you know
and a daughters in some cases all right
I don't want this creepy old man
touching my family away from me all
right this next TV clip comes from a
show called just like monk okay and the
host was a guy called Georgie Oliver all
right now this basically game show was
aimed at little kids all right little
little kids would come into the show all
right mainly like teenage girls would
come into the show and what the hosts
would do he would make these little
girls kiss him all right these teenage
girls which they would force him to kiss
this old dirty man
so he's gone space galore he thought is
on the shoulders oh it's very easy
you're both very pretty
oh no they're not blue now don't tell me
that all right you're just like let me
look into your eyes for a second how was
this okay back in the day all right if
this happened today you'll be thrown in
jail all right this internet would not
take something this guy is talking about
Bates with this young girl all right I
don't want my little girl dating at this
age and he's pretty austere about dates
and stop does anyone else feel creepy
okay I feel like Barry waited out right
now what okay what Carrie yeah yeah hey
you realize yeah yeah that's when you
realize she's in school dude she's still
in school and your bloody hitting on
this little girl disgusting old man okay
it's imagine like you being this little
girl all right and this whole audience
is watching and this creepy old man is
pressuring you for a kiss all right
disappoint them you're gonna feel
obligated to kiss this dotty old man Oh
a young lady who likes to give lots of
hugs and kisses out do you really know
can I have a hug and a kiss just a No I
can't have one
no you could something else always gonna
have a hug and a kiss oh god no no no I
can't have one don't do them all gonna
kiss unify saying whispering hear that
Alison basically you're not gonna win
the show disgusting you can't win the
show then yeah we just hate that because
you're done your man no your man it's a
good answer Oh God the mother is sitting
right next to her okay come on now all
right wouldn't you be as a mother you
wouldn't want your daughter anywhere
near this disgusting old man this is so
confusing man the talk of times past us
or as so confusing all right the people
back in the day they're so weird all
right they're not like us
all right those people are the real
people all right Jesus Christ how was
the world like this I have no idea Oh
disgusting mash I should get a whole
bunch of right answers
oh no no can use one kisses no don't you
Stephanie oh you don't
oh yeah you're a doll man disgusting all
right this next clip comes from a really
old TV news network okay now basically
they invited a guy around called
Gary stole Minh all right and he was
basically behind the scenes while the
news as company was doing the news right
and what he did is he pulled out a gun
and threatened the host to read out a
statement otherwise he was going to
shoot him live on air okay look so this
guy is doing the news all right
and then this guy's got a gun what the
hell put your hands where I can see them
what's going on I need you to wait out
this statement for me part of me read
enough now let me read this don't we
have it we have another set who's
standing here and would like me to read
to read this this copy which is just
handed to me you want to tell me your
name
yes Dolman and Gary where are you from
David very cool there at that point news
producer Nancy Valenta ordered us off
see we all pretended that we were still
broadcasting
oh okay so what they did is that they
went off the air and pretended that
there was still broadcasting but Jesus
Christ that guy was so cool and calm
when this guy's got a gun right to his
back David very cool there at that point
news producer Nancy Valenta ordered us
off ok so they or them off yes we're
still broadcasting our rambling
incoherent statement and this is how it
ended off the air he was did not know
there is no way I can harm anyone where
this is gonna be any good oh it's a BB
gun oh ok Gary Coleman did not verbally
okay so that's what happened okay so we
didn't actually shoot anyone all right
so basically back in the day news
networks had no security at all all
right so some guy could just go up and
just do this you know so yeah so once
this happened I imagine you know they
probably buffed up on security all right
but imagine that happening today
there's no way that this one happens
today you know all right this next very
creepy moment that happened on
television actually comes from the US
President Donald Trump all right so he
was on a TV show where he was talking
about his daughter that
sitting on his left okay and yeah he
said some very weird things Lauren she
wouldn't have an issue with it then all
right
they were usually hired till I don't
think Ivanka would do that inside the
magazine although she does have a very
nice figure I've said that if he vodka
weren't my daughter perhaps I'd be
dating her okay let me get this straight
that US president just said that if he
wasn't related to his own daughter that
he would bloody date hey guys I'm Donald
trum nice to meet you okay hello lady
grabbed by the pussy you know people of
America i Donald Trump father of atharva
Trump my beautiful daughter I swear I
would I would I would date her because
she's amazing look how beautiful my
daughter is I'm Donald Trump and I'm a
disgusting man you know vote for vote
for me okay but this next creepy thing
that happen on TV happened on a Spanish
TV show right so basically they fought a
lion onto the show and there was a
little girl right there and what
happened next you guys are not gonna
believe
no boy no it's okay it's okay it's okay
little girl the tiger didn't eat Yoshi
he nearly take but it's okay tranquila
tranquila look at the host on the right
he's like what the hell did I just watch
and now this woman just coveting this
little girl because she nearly died from
gang eaten by a lion man I sure AM
hungry baby
damn it's tasty it's okay it's okay
but it's okay tranquila tranquila or
this next clip comes from a TV program
that's from the country jordan alright
so we have basically a news station
where like a bunch of people are like
debating something about Jordan I don't
know well that's speaking about alright
because I don't speak Arabic alright so
yeah they're basically talking and a
fight breaks out on live television is
it dummy right now you look like an egg
with glasses how dare you call me an egg
with glasses you set the cross looking
at I do not look like Santa Claus you
look like how dare you call me a thank
you bloody falafel listen to me how
people to go eat some hummus your
buddies all you bleep shit guys guys
everybody calm down
there's no need for this
is this how old meant by alrighty they
just fight across a table like that this
next clip comes from Norway and it
basically happened on a sports channel
alright so what I want you guys to do is
I want to focus on that woman in the
background all right the one where the
arrow pointed to or everyone guys look
look there she is
there she is oh my goodness guys I think
aliens are real okay this woman has come
from another time dimension
alright and she has just disappeared
within a second oh wait hang on a second
I think she just walked past the woman
behind in front of us okay I don't think
actually she disappeared look very
closely she's there and I think I think
she just did walk past I think it was
just perfect timing from where the
camera was set up I mean who knows maybe
maybe she did actually teleport and you
know defy the laws of physics and just
you know it's nothing like that but you
know what do you guys think okay because
I you know it did look like she
disappeared I'm not gonna lie okay so
this clip comes from Artie alright so
now the Artie offices in Japan there was
an earthquake and look this is the
footage from their offices
No oh my god geez that sauce look it's
silent people don't know what to say
oh my god I mean I've talked about this
in previous videos before but I could
not imagine this short terror that would
happen during an earthquake man I can't
believe that that's just scary imagine
you're just whole building just shaking
like that that's just something I can't
wrap my mind around Jesus Christ that's
scary okay ladies and gentlemen I'm
gonna end a video there that was creepy
and very weird moments that happened on
television all right now I don't watch
television and if you guys are watching
this video you guys probably don't watch
television - all right it's all about
YouTube nowadays all right YouTube it's
just like an endless source of
information and just television is just
all directed at just you know it's just
random crap on television all right just
don't watch television or I just sit
stay on YouTube all right and especially
mesh yourselves videos okay because my
channel is sort of like declining and
going to real shit right now all right
so I need all the support I can get
either way thank you guys so much for
watching all right leave a like if you
enjoyed if this video reaches 30,000
likes alright um maybe my like a plot to
and if not I hope you enjoyed this video
regardless either way they'll think you
got me so much watching and I'll see you
in the next video Mansell air the guys
but bye
