disgusting okay Oh everyone how is
everyone doing it is my selfie i detect
lace to the day as you can see we are
back with the HTC vive I found a bunch
of HTC bad games okay this one is like a
boxing
okay let's get into this what's going on
on the radio I'm so funny it's actually
unreal
hold the controllers like a trainer is
demonstrating with the touchpad okay
what is he demonstrating do that huh is
that it is this about to be my coach
look at his face okay get my kiss me
coach
what the shit I thought what a romantic
moment me and you and your bloody punch
me I just want a bit of a kissy can I
still want my eyes go huh Capisce
capisce
I'm Italian how funny am i right now
same as usual
- 100 okay just stop being on my coach
and actually just facing opponent in any
way oh yeah oh you like to cook oh I
like it
grab that ass oh you like that shut up
okay
boxing lessons okay do I do that guys
tease can i suck on his teeth I'm just
going to go dip under okay and oh you
like that blood I mean no glide with my
coach how many sign sucking on titty
jokes do I make on a video on average
probably at least three right 10/10 yes
probably okay so what is your name sir
no okay come on wizard alright why don't
want my buzz boxing match a little bit
okay oh what a clean fight now come on
now no mr. bell come on you piece of
shit stop blocking me let's say so so
your turbulent boxing I do say so myself
winter stop being a pussy okay look I'm
gonna make I'm gonna make him punch me
then I'll punch a nice
punching me okay get it that's a good
stop it he's fucking into me I don't
like it okay you might be I mean I'm
your bitch okay okay oh I have you for
me take a breather
all right halfway can i he didn't why
don't I just do this in boxing okay just
hit him in the bloody willy and they
can't reach me because he's too big and
fat Winston just go down please don't
down the fifth round okay I'm sitting
here I'm not gonna punch you okay you're
gonna promise with a punch be mmm I'll
think about it sir just okay that was
very close what are you doing what are
you grabbing my a part of the guitar is
there no it's not there I know it is I
don't have it I didn't think I'd be in
this position in any man but I think
that was robbed one all right pretty
pretty average okay but Winston come on
now round two I'm ready for it all right
now the trick is to block when he
punched me and he's punching me
Oh bleep block and then he stopped me
you sit with
yeah
there was a flood did you see that I'm
knocked out my first opponent yes it's
very good it's time for a real fight now
your next opponent is Joe Joe we say
object Johnson have lots of fine oh shit
guys no sir if I could do this black I'm
ready I'm ready to take the shit out of
y'all come on let's do this shit come on
up the Joey piece of shit I want a fair
fight all right
not being this ugliness how am I meant
to fight this guy where he's looking
like this okay I might be attracted by
its ugly face
I cannot be Jocasta pussy Oh Bing Bing
Bing also real fine now you know it you
know it's a real fight when you got big
boobs we gon fuck you piece of shit
pussy up you Joe hit me come on open up
stop moving towards me ugly Joe that's
right you wanna kiss me huh it's going
down the floor bitch come on want some
again I'll beat the shit out of you
again son thanks to Bobby oh I think I
died
a night controller coming for you
I've got me boy you control the only way
I'm gonna beat this guy there's an epic
rocky Monstars Nathan that's where you
montage rock you become no Rocky Balboa
you say
I died so like if I get knocked down
it's fine because I get back up again
they're never going to get me down I've
got a thing about new opponents that I
play you know I always have to just go
in for a bit of quick tea sucking I'm
sure you understand you know just me
what okay that's one to you there how
you doing Uncle Joe it's gonna give the
other one here that's can you stop
moving around Uncle Joe it's it's kind
of making things quite awkward I know
you don't want things to be awkward -
bye dude but I thought now let me just
go suck your - you know shit I'm not to
be him now
okay watch wait a bit me cord hey pussy
oh yeah oh yeah you love pussy calm give
me a bitch pussy okay come on now stop
that time bitch
it said time come on oh I do now
now I pick two opponents as now for the
grand final baby for the World
Heavyweight Championship
okay never get branded my friend you
have been in every fight I put you up
against now it's for the big fight you
will fight the spider the spider what
sort of gay shit is up come on bring it
on the spider little piece of shit look
at this I've upgraded who's this
the spider this guy being a pussy ass
bitch I could beat this guy well you
know you know you know the Joey you've
done this before right
all right spider come on now this is the
fight is the blast final baby may the
best boxer win touch gloves later come
on come on Bella Oh we're gonna square
it up b-66 back yeah better okay he's a
lot better than okay what's up yeah I'm
sorry that's beaten up guys let's go on
the top of his head look you can't be
stopped yeah
come on spider it's the last time it's
the last
Spyder tiring huh me being a World
Heavyweight Championship okay guys I sit
I retire okay three wins 0 losses Pru
sure I didn't do it once okay
anyway guys be sure to leave a like soon
as we reach 10,000 mics I'm gonna upload
another virtuality video thank you guys
so much watching this is boxing myself
out baby
I'm tired I'm doubly died yet yeah stop
recording you stupid little
