hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is Monsieur selfie and today lazy man I
am so goddamn excited because we are
finally starting up a brand new let's
play and you guys read the title we are
playing south park the stick of truth
baby now when this game came out I
really wanted to do a let's play on it
but I kind of fell behind on the trend
and then a trend went over okay but
ladies German I know that there's a
sequel to this game coming out early
next year okay so I thought now's a good
time to start a let's play on this and
then when the new game comes out I'll
play that one so guys with every new
let's play it's kind of risky okay I'm
not sure if you guys will like me
playing this okay so I usually set a
light goal of 20,000 likes and if we can
hit it I will continue the south part
let's play it's going to be about like
10 videos I would say so not that long
of a let's play but oh yeah leave a
goddamn like if you want me to continue
this but if you guys aren't too sure
let's go dumb start this shit huh scary
music this good in the lens of Zara the
humans of Cooper Cape struggle to see
unite as they are attacked by the wicked
traveller
darkness falls as the humans begged
their king to save them a noble King
known only as the Grand Wizard that's
common discuss here's the battle has
been waged with only the bravery of the
Grand Wizard to protect this unit
followers but even though the wizard
kings go undeniably qu the new elf
armies continued their attack they seek
the humans most treasured retic the
stick of truth but the tides of war do
you think that news of a new kid spreads
throughout the land in order to save the
humans the grand wizard must get to the
new kid before the drow L can manipulate
him and use him to take the sacred
relics and human hands or whomever
controls the spinny controls the
universe
Oh
whoa it's a cool last intro oh man you
could tell this could be an amazing game
now I've actually played this for myself
okay so this is all new to me okay I do
like South Park all right so let's grab
character all right I'm gonna create me
I know
shitty generic me but you know what I'm
doing anyway in the South but I love the
soundtrack to this game it's so pretty
once upon a time in a little town called
South Park a little boy and his new
family arrived in their new house moving
so joy well I think that's everything
yeah we did it hon we're really moved in
oh it's a new beginning for us things
are finally going to be good yeah you
really think it will be better for him
me huh what they won't look for him here
we'll just need to make sure he doesn't
attract any attention
come on let's see how he's doing huh
little sweetie hon you all dressed no
I'm naked Hey open my door everything
how do you like your new room it's empty
what do you mean what's so good I know
it's a big change for all of us but son
do you remember why we moved to this
quiet little mountain town no what
happened huh he doesn't remember
he doesn't remember at all that's good
that's good he doesn't remember what are
you we want you to have lots of fun here
why don't you go out and make some
friends what right get outside and play
son like like normal kids what we've got
some money from you on the kitchen
counter sweetie just be back before it
gets dark
okay yeah give my money mom all right
come on yeah we love you too oh my dad
seems like a hates me okay my dad does
not love me okay this is South Park yay
okay now this game is really long so I'm
just gonna keep going and just make
stick to the main story okay find some
kids to play with okay I love playing
with it okay yeah
okay this is outside my bedroom okay I
love the new music Bram Bram okay so we
go outside and find friends or she would
do exploring I don't know what to do dad
dad dad dad come on son get out there
make friends no you're really gonna go
outside with that hair would you what do
you mean by by hat okay
I'm already self-conscious that's why
I'm wearing a hat bloody ass so you
realize that your hair looks like that
yes I know that I look sit down okay
leave me alone okay my dad's with big
mean to me okay let's go talk to mom
because my dad's and also go on outside
sweetie no okay and we're back in the
world of South Park we have a quest
alright I don't want to I don't care
alright let's go make some friends dick
dude
dude our spot okay my right mouse button
fog fog fog fog fog fog fog war hammer
growls huh a better snake in the forest
round-bellied I bet askew affects him
you could say no fair that's cheating
I'm gonna tell my mom oh shit thanks kid
I didn't realize he had a health potion
does my name is butters the merciful
rlep ality I live right next door to you
we should be friends we should be all
boys so cute okay you have to make
friends okay and have them on Facebook
so I now have one Facebook friend yeah
that was friends you should speak with
the wizard King he's been talking about
your arrival do pre-surgery live this
way in the greenhouse over there Bob's a
surgeon
hey what'd you say hey can I follow me
today before no veneer wait even for
moving it shut up butters okay fought I
like this game
oh here's the Grand Wizard your grand
wizard so you are the new kid oh yeah
your coming was foretold by Coldwell
Banker I am the wizard King but the time
for talk is not gnat not let me show you
my kingdom
this games so awesome I love it so much
fuck fuck Oh who's your new friend Eric
shut up I'm not now shut up mom can I
talk to mom don't talk to her she's not
by the game oh okay I'm sorry about that
welcome to the kingdom of Koopa keep
looks badass
damn a man the sausage shop here is
tended by Clyde a level 14 warrior sharp
drive here you can see our massive
stables overseen by the level 9 Ranger
Scott malkinson who has the power of
diabetes and here of course is the
breathtaking and lovely princess Kinney
the fairest maiden in all the kingdom
don't ask why can you want it to be a
chick it's just how he seems to be
really right now oh goody
so cute ok so what do I do
talk to Cartman okay hello you have been
sought out new kid because humans
everywhere are in great danger
oh no need something from you and in
return I'm prepared to allow you into my
kingdom I know you are very excited well
it's time for you see effect please tell
us
dining thy name um my name is foggy okay
you entered douche bag is that correct
no 4p no are you sure you want to keep
the name douchebag no I'm not sure
very well douchebag I'm gonna go to
class fighter mage thief Oh G fire wait
Roza lost one okay I could be I choose
my class I could either be a fighter
courage utter and the ability to kick
fucking ass oh I could be a mage mage
it's like a wizard only not as good okay
a thief
you look sneaky enough to be a thief
okay or a Jew do you have so I guess
we'll never really be friends I'm going
to go with mage I could go with you but
I feel like everyone does that
okay major it is yes we welcome to our
kingdom
douchebag the me do scrimmage now please
go and visit the weapon shop procure
yourself a weapon and we shall teach you
to fat did you go bad I love Cartman's
voice it's so funny hello clad Oh Fox
nice nice but is laughed at my fault
would you like to see my where's weary
traveler perhaps you would like to hear
tips and rumors for $2 tips and rumors
for $2 okay
don't waste your money on tips and
rumors oh okay
okay let's buy a level one magic one
alright quit my wand
ah you have procured a weapon yes
it's now time to teach you how to fight
I want you to take your new weapon and
with the bravery of another night beat
up that just kick like that new kid what
I do I'm a king clad and the King wishes
to be amused go on your kid kick a desk
guys I gotta kick your ass glad you have
to wait your turn
that's lame no Claude it's like olden
times you have to wait your turn
like in the Middle Ages side I know it's
lame clad but that's how we're fucking
doing it alright douchebag bash clash
Bayesian don't be shy okay so this is
the gameplay I think so I'm pretty sure
I know how to do this so it's basically
like a pretty much an RPG just pretty
much a take turns and be in the share of
each other come on right okay when your
weapon flashes left-click to attack what
yeah climb it my bitch I know I have to
hit right click okay ready yeah shit I
think I see blood yeah nice prop okay
listen up the key to surviving a battle
is not to get hit in the
oh how did you turn to attack number bow
okay right click the block area down oh
no uh-huh
oh yes that's what I'm talking about
dude you already way that it inside yeah
I'm alright it's time to use your heroic
powers using your ability takes power
points or PP for George P P if you have
a fucking better day fucking shake side
okay I'm the king and I say it PP
douchebag
use your mage ability to make Clyde pay
for insulting the king yeah oh okay so
every class has different abilities okay
so mine's Dragonbreath mash the left
button okay get ready oh he's fighting
quitter wipe that smile off his stupid
face douchebag good one more time
finish him what I was going easy take
this uh-oh Oh quick oh wow I blocked it
put me him
died I can't kill Clyde haha did that
with item you're on like penis are like
okay okay you prove yourself worthy
douchebag yeah come inside the word
tonight shall let you see America hey
this could just be the stick of truth
he's gonna let me see a stick of truth
well here it is the reason why humans
and elves are locked in a never-ending
war the relic for which human and L were
willing to die the stick of truth
just two days ago we took the stick back
from the elves our kingdom was dank but
now it's rise yeah whoever controls the
stick controls the universe cool don't
get it too now for its power too much
don't look at doors again
now that you have seen the stick of
truth let's discuss your dues being a
member of my kingdom cost 995 for the
first week four dollars of which is
tax-deductible
somebody said it they're not okay
oh my god oh no quickly run Oh see this
is funny
okay come on we have to defend the stick
of truth come on dad negate don't let
them throw giving stick units
fuck you dry up again right guys the
stick of truth while we defend the
portraits aye aye aye aye we're not
playing pirate side okay this is your
chance to prove yourself hold off the
asshole I'll take all part yeah I'll
give oh shit we're gonna mustn't pull oh
shit
whoa what is that way hey this guy's
being up a car look at me don't look at
that cut okay come on beat the shit out
of him
oh no there's two of them oh shit okay
how do I do that
thanks Patrick thank how to block all
these attacks oh shit okay you want some
of this
No oh yeah doesn't work out of these
you've got a future as a training dummy
get it right I'm sorry
ow okay I call the attack you get a
counter-attack go yes ma'am we can open
it kick the shit out of him can you shut
up oh can you take it up the - finish
off yourselves in the name of the wizard
King okay I will sack my files
oh he's on fire yes oh shit oh okay
thank you that it's okay I still got it
yay I did it I beat everyone okay that
was fun
well else fall back fall back I say yes
I run bitches yeah awesome dude
take that your hands on half the
universe its God oh shit what the stick
of truth
Sal's got it oh shit that was your one
goddamn job glad cigar to stick a
fucking drug god you are hereby banished
from space and time let's go no you
can't do that yeah I can you're banished
and lost in time to space yes it's all
closed you're really on the battlefield
douche bag yes if you can make you're
just dangling your cam thank God nobody
cares what you judge so anyways I think
about him now stick of truth has been
stolen and we must assemble our entire
army in order to get it back there are
three best warriors you haven't reported
for duty my king our newest member can
take care of that douche bag I want you
to go out into the neighborhood and find
my greatest warriors token tweek and
Craig I'm texting their pictures to your
personal inventory device now
yay but beware the lands outside are
full of marauding drow elves monsters
and sixth-graders
oh sure you're well-equipped now go it's
in my warriors here yes I just go in
we have objectives I'm number two yay
okay guys I think I'm gonna end the
first episode dad now I'm not sure of
you guys gonna like this series you know
I've done that space before but they're
really super story orientated but this
is more like a comedy let's play anyway
guys either way I'd really fun in this
video I don't want to thank you guys so
much watching and I will see you in the
next video man so they're the guys love
you Baba
