well hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is much yourself there and
today ladies gentleman I have something
very special for you guys now as you
guys read from the title I have
watchdogs to game day to show you guys
okay now basically the guys over at
Ubisoft okay I've got some good friends
over at Ubisoft okay they allowed me to
go to a capture session for early
gameplay of watchdog two so shout out to
my homies at Ubisoft okay they always
reach out to me and always ask me if I
want to check out their games coming out
early and watchdogs to is definitely my
most anticipated game of this year okay
there's actually not that many good
games coming out this year okay so I
think watchdogs tool could potentially
be like my favorite game to come out
this year
now this gameplay isn't live I actually
went to a capture session in Paris to
film this so yeah basically I played a
bunch of it I think I played it fly got
four hours and yet I found that a bunch
of cool shit you can do in this game and
yeah but I'm gonna basically tell you
guys the sort of stuff I've got up to
while playing watchdogs to alright so
the first thing I did when I got into
watchdogs 2 is that I realized you can
now do a moat okay so you can outdance
apparently you could flirt okay you can
also greet people cheer insult and
pacify people okay now all of these do
different things and pedestrians react
to them in different ways but definitely
dancing has to be my favorite now like
watchdogs one you can pretty much hack
anyone on the street okay I found this
girl martinez floret ah okay and
apparently I could have a look at their
text messages
okay happy Anniversary baby I bought a
new nighty just for you get home quick
so we could have some fun oh what a mom
is that you this is dirty girl text
their own son disgusting so hey I found
a random woman on the street so I said
alone okay and she said logback okay how
nice enough alright shut up woman that's
right
get on the floor okay and uh yeah take
down all right at this point I realized
how fun it is to beat up a bunch of
random pedestrians so yeah that's pretty
much what I did for like half an hour to
an how straight yes there's nothing
wrong with me I just I just like doing
it guys
so after killing a bunch of random
pedestrians for no goddamn reason
obviously the police are on me
now I noticed the police now have dogs
okay now look at this cane I'm coming
after me
all right no bushes he grabbed me
tracked me down jumping on my neck
action to me Oh Kara find the woman on
the street okay I was pretty sure this
goes a hooker okay look it up Oh why
she's just standing in the middle of the
road okay
I'm pretty sure she was the hooker so I
tried flirting with her okay
didn't really like it that much yeah
look I flirt with her okay and then she
comes up to me I brought it purchase me
number would you go and she puts her
fingers up to so then I decide to insult
up and then I grab my willy okay
and it's slap in the face okay so I gave
her a slap boom okay cuz I you know me
I'm all about equality you know you know
that oh you can also take selfies in the
game I took a selfie with this man at
the coffee shop okay I don't think he
liked me taking a selfie hell are you
doing man this shit man are we going on
Instagram so there's lots of shops in
the game okay like I said I just went to
a bar or coffee shop I don't know what
it was called okay but there's also a
lot of clothes shops this one was called
Statue invite now there's a bunch of
clothes shops in this game there's like
four different chains of stores which
they sell like different kinds of
clothes now the thing that I like about
watch dogs to is there's a bunch more
customization okay I'm pretty sure I'm
watch dogs one all you could do is like
change the color of your jacket which
isn't fun okay but this game is a lot
more fun okay so you get to customize
pretty much a bunch of style of clothing
okay it's very hip and cool okay because
it's being set in San Francisco okay so
yeah so it has that sort of theme around
it okay so I'm really glad about the
sort of amount of customization you
could do with your clothes because uh
yeah I like buying a bunch of clothes so
the outfit I decided to go on was just
bought naked when
my poo emoji boxes okay trust me I have
a good sense of style so yeah here's
some more footage of me being up random
pedestrian's okay
now you're probably thinking Brandon
you're a psychopath but come on guys
okay once you start playing the game you
realize how funny it is okay now first
is just trying to bring the police
alright and now I just stopped them
before they could do it yeah but either
way I'm it is really really really fun
to beat up random people
okay okay I'll just get that guy to face
okay alright Brad you could stop a
second now all right the police are on
you but okay
I'm just gonna keep going just enjoy the
gameplay guys all right just enjoy me
punching people in the face oh yes this
is pretty cool so basically you're part
of a hacking group okay and you have two
tools you have a drone and you have a RC
car
now this drone is pretty cool like if
you want to scout out an area before you
go in you can then send your drone to
like tag enemies and I'm pretty sure
like the RC car like picks up stuff okay
so the drone is pretty cool for a scout
out an area okay if you got get too
close the enemies will react okay
I like how they implement like drones
and RC cars because if it was like every
person nowadays has like a like a drone
okay so it's pretty cool that they're
implementing it I'm pretty sure the
drone can like drop like bombs and like
basically like grenade shit stuff okay
it's pretty cool for like luring enemies
you get to do some pretty cool stuff
with it okay my favorite is the RC car
though is really adorable there's also
like some side objectives we can do I
think there's like drone racing and
stuff there is I was surprised about
amount of content in this game okay I
remember playing watchdogs one and
thinking there wasn't enough like side
things to do but definitely in this game
there's definitely a lot of side things
to do I definitely liked it and yeah
guys that's pretty much all I got up to
in like the four hours I got to play the
game
now my overall impressions of watchdogs
2 is I'm really really really impressed
ok my favorite type of game if you guys
didn't know is the open-world exploring
just basically mess around
have fun games ok now I think for
watchdogs to their main aim was to just
think how can we make watchdogs one more
fun
okay now basically I think they achieved
that all right there is so much
tend to do in watch dogs too and I was
having just so much fun like they gave
us like a bunch of missions to do I'm
pretty much all for the four hours all I
did was just walk around and mess around
and just have fun okay it's a sort of
game you can just jump in have loads of
fun if you want to play the story you
can do the story or if you just want to
mess around and do a bunch of other
stuff you can there's a bunch of stuff
even if you look on your phone or in the
game there's a bunch of stuff you can do
there's like an app where you can go to
different locations and explore the map
and if you take pictures of those
locations you can then like get points
or whatever like there's all there's
like a like it's like an uber app you
can which you can do on your phone which
you can pick up random pedestrians and
do random stuff cool cool stuff with
that like what I love about this game
now watchdogs too is that this is so
much content it's a game that you can
buy and literally have hours upon hours
upon hours of just good fun content okay
like the driving is a lot better like
the cutscenes are a lot bear looks a lot
better like definitely I think they
learned a lot from watchdogs one I liked
watchdogs one to be totally honest okay
but a lot of people did it okay so I
knew that they wanted to improve on
watchdogs too and I think they pretty
much just did all the things that they
wanted to do in this game okay so I
really really like the game and I'm
thinking like when watchdogs 2 comes out
I might do like a massive really long
series on watchdogs - okay because like
it's just it's just a good game for
YouTube videos that's why I like it okay
because there's a lot there's a lot of
games that I play for fun and a lot of
games I play for YouTube get at YouTube
games and I think this is a game which I
can do for both okay so let me know in
the comment section if you guys want to
see more watchdogs to gameplay stuff
when the game comes out I'm thinking of
doing like a bunch of funny moments
videos when the game comes out but yeah
let me know what you guys think of the
watchdogs to gameplay and if you guys
want to see more of it when the game
comes out but yeah that's pretty much
all I got to show today
thank you again Ubisoft for inviting me
out to Paris to go play the game early
like I did have genuinely a lot of fun
playing the game and I am more excited
to get my hands in there
so yeah thanks again Ubisoft and thanks
for watching guys and I'll see you in
the next video man so they're the guys
love you Baba
