I can't feel my titties hey hey hello
everyone how is everyone doing it is the
beautiful and gorgeous mesh yourself it
at the de laser we are back it again
with young Gary similair now today is a
very cute and she tablets and buys and
buys and buys and buys so the Lela
Sherman is a very small update okay but
it looks very funny okay and you know me
okay I love funny things so ladies and
gentleman with this update they have
added something new if we go over to the
light music club there is someone in the
corner of this room which we can talk to
oh hello your gaud√≠ it's a pleasure to
meet you Mon I've been waiting on your
arrival before we speak though allow me
to sing you this wonderful songs hello I
am mr. turtle I can help you with many
things like spawn you any weapons so you
can do some evil things if you want to
kill those silly twins come to me to
forgive your sins you don't have to
watch your profanity because I could
lower your sanity maja yard re yard re
don't make it shitty suck on the deity
take it from me
don't panic if you get in some trouble
I'll fix the problem with just some
bubbles don't make it shitty so convert
it to yarn
girdi okay that was the song uh mr.
turtle I didn't know you could sing can
can I talk to you or what yes of course
you can your daughter
God what do you want girl or as when we
talk to this stupid little turtle okay I
don't know why we're talking to it but
we are we can now do a bunch of shit
that we could no longer do like enable
sanity animations lower sanity someone a
victim don't forgive sins right what was
forgive sins me
what the shit just happened well that
was easy me killing all those people and
that's completely fine I can just do
that I can summon weapons
oh what's that do huh buzzer weapons oh
whoa I can summon all these weapons by
there buddy doctor doctor why are you
hiding these weapons oh you know man I
just been hiding a dummy saxophone you
know I got new weapons I got a katana
and thus all but Ehrmann oh shit mr.
talkie what else can you do can you
summon a victim hello Oh God
what's your name you can't talk right
now shut up I already oh my goodness
what else can you do mr. turtleman you
can enable sanity animations whoa
okay guys so this is the new update now
apparently when you kill someone it's no
longer a quick snap and they're dead
there is some new crazy animations so
let's go check them out baby okay guys
it's the beginning of school it is now
time to play lever oh I not wait for
Edie Gilly Oh everyone's like oh she
okay the time is now 105 it is the
perfect opportunity to kill everyone for
this lunch dyma struggling I've gone
black I mean that's for braces cuz I am
hey we're just going with a book get up
this guy running away you little pussy
look at him trying to run away he's like
oh bloody shits gonna kill me I'm gonna
bloody well kill you up oh what's this a
strange little gun sitting here all by
herself it would be a shame if someone
would do a bit of what's that teaches
good night Gaylord be joke watches
watches watches Cody no it can't be
there's been a death academic high
school oh okay I'm gonna tell you what
guys this game is bloody insane okay
every shitting update there's something
just madness
okay bloody ell mr. turtle I don't
understand okay you seem nice and
friendly but is this what you want okay
like I said Mon don't worry it's all
about the killi killi I can forgive all
that I do not get all right let's turtle
is its kind of scary guys I'm not gonna
lie
okay now I believe there is also a new
attacking animation with the baseball
bat
alright so let's go find some poor
little girl the bap bap bap bap bap bap
hey hey swing
okay I've just killed everyone with that
baseball bat that was pretty funny
shut up you stupid oh my god oh so damn
it this is so funny oh my god shit
oh my god this is mad oh hello teacher
don't mind me I'm just smacking the shit
out of this guy
oh Jesus Christ and patiently wait while
I beat the shit out of this guy
alright I'll stop oh okay now I believe
most weapons have a new animation okay
so I think the circular saw has a new
animation okay so let's wait dodge the
monkey for either manky fart
ah can i attack her from behind let's
see now
Oh Oh
you okay ah gonna kill again I gila gila
gila oh my god guys this is not this is
scary okay is it so scary I don't like
it oh my god I just can't get over that
it's so mad I don't like it ghosts
bitches or nothing okay don't you dare
say anything to me over one kissy okay
now go away my god you just murdered
someone oh she looks like she's gonna
snap
oh no I'm controlling it wait what the
hell guys I think I broken it hello a
big boo
big booger or this is the last weapon
that I think has new animations the
bloody katana okay I cannot wait to see
this shitty stealth attack just stop
that thing right to a bloody belly these
I mean what alright now it's time for
the frontal attack get ready get ready
get ready get ready get ready
what a shit Oh No Oh what doc Wow
this katana dev is straight Savage what
shit look stand back stell the back
stance Akaka oh y'all give up I go on my
way though I'm about walking with oh my
god
Oh
whoa shit oh my god oh my god oh oh oh I
don't understand this game anymore - it
was so cute and kawaii but now look at
it what the hell she's gone up really
fucked on our bloody space run away no
boy this update is pretty crazy okay now
it's just one more thing that I just
want to do apparently you can kill
teachers now okay but you have to be
super duper strong
okay now I've ranked up my strength stat
all the way up to max okay now I believe
I can pick down anyone okay so let's go
to the martial arts Club I think I can
even take out teachers take down Oh
watch this yeah oh that bitch yeah fuck
yeah hella teachers to come find me
because I our daughter will be able to
sweep the shit out of all of them
it can't be no no it can't be Gouri
fight me bitch fight me gym teacher spin
it again yeah I'll let you just did it
oh my god no no damn it I had my
strength up stop god damn it stop get
ready get ready get ready get ready get
ready get ready get my ready queue
so I go to teach a bitch yes I can kill
the teacher pick up this girl pick her
up that's right I kill the teacher
whoo what's up what's up okay anyway
guys this has been a very nice update ah
it was meant to be like I think it's
like a quite a short update but bloody
you know these new animations are mad I
don't know why but I just love making
videos on this game it's so funny okay I
don't know why I just like it so if you
guys liked it be sure to leave a like
let's try and hit 10,000 and I will make
more because I like it okay and if I
like it you should like to do and if you
don't I hate you on anyway guys thanks
so much watching and I will see you in
the next video man sled guys love you so
much
ba ba did there are any new cities on
the titties cuz I like titties and I uh
clown nose
