look at hello everyone how is everyone
doing his measure selfie and today lays
German we are playing so the Olympics
have started okay
everyone leave a comment who you wrap it
for the Olympics okay I'm repping Great
Britain okay okay my home country great
so well for some reason this is like the
only Olympics Games that's out okay so
we are playing it okay now I didn't make
a video on this before boom go watch
that before you watch this one but yeah
we're gonna do some of the other games
which we didn't play okay what to do
what to do what to do so we've done
football we don't BMX we dumped in a
sticks but have we done a hundred Mia I
don't think we have we've done the relay
but not 100 Mia
now I know sonic will be fast but I
don't want to pick someone's fast to
pick War II oh I forgot out give me
owari oh oh okay worry I'll pick you
okay plan against Yoshi Bowser a me
knuckles Wario days oh no I'm Mario okay
so start this shit okay oh my goodness
in a warrior look at so fat and said
Usain Bolt nope oh shit oh okay screw it
I'm running to bond Wario you fat piece
of shit okay well what is this shit I
don't get it all of a sudden I'm running
and then all of a sudden I punch the
bloody air and I just punch shit okay
that was my impression Oh guys when do I
go guys now
look at Wario so fatty cute I love it
oh we're not do it again but with Donkey
Kong okay I want to see what his special
movies okay everybody shut up on your
mark get set
running all right Donkey Kong show me
your beat
okay it comes up in our board okay I
didn't realize it was bloody Sonic okay
okay let's do triple jump
what the shit is that where I jump in
triple lutz I don't know to pick who's
good at jumping
okay let's just pick Daisy cuz look it
up ah okay let's go oh shit the
conversation effects look at she's like
no I talk to me I am going to bloody do
this uh oh the other jump Daisy
pick up the speed up beat up beat shit
jump Oh
flippy okay do a backflip no could do a
backflip like that choice Halcon on my
tribe
I'm not gonna blink Daisy
you can blink you know that right yeah I
know I just don't uh okay Daisy you're
kind of you're kind of freaking me out
now let's go again the concentration of
face just don't just run Daisy give a
sexy piece of ass
go on go on show me those those legs can
do go oh shit oh wow
valium um okay whatever all right stop
concentrating stupid go watch this watch
this watch this
what okay that was not as good okay come
on they were knowing in the light stupid
gulp is she happy this time oh no back
flip this time now she's just gonna
smile oh shit she's blinking now good
he's okay I'm still happy
I can blink in peace what's that bloody
stupid floating shit with a bloody DSLR
camera yeah it's bloody bigger than his
head okay did I win oh shit I want when
I was easy
look at that bloody running buddy
turning it to flowers shit remember that
happening in real life okay try shut up
you stupid game let's do another event
okay have we done javelin I don't think
we have let's do that
alright let's be Luigi cause no one ever
picks them for anything cozies shit
sorry I just sneezed that oh shit my
first try what do I do with this big off
javelin start press 8 go on Luigi Luigi
I'm just going on did I do it I have no
idea okay
is that good is that good
okay is that good oh my goodness that
was amazing what the hell second place
got 38
I got W you weak piece of silver shit
second try I need a second try blood I'm
just gonna mess it up look watch Hey
okay we're gonna go very slowly okay now
press it oh shit
Oh oops Oh awkward
I'm telling you I need to go again oh
yeah look at me go yeah oh look at the
way just concentrate on his face I'm
Luigi I'm gonna win I'm gonna Tamlyn go
Luigi okay
people said he was shit I believed in
you though I believed in you I haven't
done swimming I bye okay let's do
swimming and pick a sexy girl like oh
look at Daisy I'm showing that ass okay
my character is hiding badass okay but
you know what's going on down over there
look at that she's like yeah you'll see
my ass gasps okay let's pick my baby
girl peach because she's good at stamina
if you know what I mean - hey
okay I'm playing against the vector
which is an alligator that's clearly
unfair I'm playing against also metal
sonic which I don't know how he works
cuz he's a bloody robot in the bloody
water
oh shit need to watch out for my gold
Daisy my dick watch the hole okay Daisy
was my friend should've beat me in a
race just keep swimming just keep
swimming swimming swimming what do you
do you swim swim yeah Oh should I run
out of stamina
come on the beach I thought you're good
stamina okay oh no I think it's bloody
catching up wow I thought it was a robot
all this intense this is so intense
come on Oh was that some Illuminati shit
wait do you actually do that what the
hell it's someone please explain to me
what the hell did I just see table
tennis
this is that meant to be fun because it
doesn't sound like it let's do my boy
tails cuz look at him he's such a cute
little furry tails vs Metal Sonic
I'm tails wait what me Bo Bella ba I am
metal sonic initiate program particle
table tennis
0:01 better left upbeat oh well this is
the most entertaining video measure
servers have uploaded okay
look at this it's so entertaining what
Britney okay that was just one point all
right well I was just fun oh it's
doubled now again yeah that's right
stumble again you piece of shit Oh match
point this is the most intense piece of
shit right now okay this could go on
forever it's good literally go on
forever Sonic I did dad well that was
most fun thing I've ever done in my life
let's move on okay I don't think I've
done rugby so let's do a goopy I have to
pick four people I don't know who I want
on my team should I pick all-girls peach
Daisy blaze Amy oh shit we could team
pussy who we're here wait what shut that
Beach I will beat you just like I beat
you in our music relationship poopy
okay this is unfair oh my god what the
shit is this uh guys I have a confession
and I have no idea to play rugby go
peach check it out one run Pete run
Daisy you piece of shit
Oh dodging gone Oh God Oh Dutch Dutch
come on dating now compete use a muscle
muscle Pete
I lost well that was the most boring
piece of shit together
okay I think I have done all the levels
okay so what I want to do what's
probably my favorite my favorite is
probably boxing not gonna lie let's see
if I could do something finding a boxing
okay I'm gonna place Donkey Kong okay
because I want him to see it beat the
shit out of someone funny okay don't get
gold versus Amy oh god this is not gonna
end well
come back you little face I'm going to
show you Amy okay come on
Donkey Kong do it for harambe oh my
goodness
I feel so bad I'm just beating the shit
out this bunny okay
that was round one round two right now
okay
listen are you stupid Daisy bitch oh my
goodness okay I was great as blocked up
howling ow
when I'm down
ah shit come on think of Harambee think
of a romp I don't think oh don't think
oh okay okay spilt over on over over on
base with me Oh
stay down you stupid Daisy oh shit come
on come on come on come on stay down
stay down
no yeah it's so funny I love this game
so much have I done archery I don't
think I've done archery it that probably
sounds boring though
screw it I'm doing it anyway okay let's
be vector the alligator but good look at
him man all right shut up just because
you got a gold chain you think of the
boss going by that's right eight points
yeah nine point two that's right as I'm
talking about I can't get out of that
disarm what's happening to it I don't
understand
come on vector show me that tapping arm
I don't understand why is wrong laughing
oh my god oh my god oh my god I'm a bit
of a banana but I'm a bit of habit 400
okay well I got like three times as much
as them I think that's good oh I want to
do a hundred merely relay again okay
cause I like that that's funny okay I'm
gonna pick Bowser jr. good look name is
such a cute little shit
let's pick Mario because look at them
it's move let's pick Yoshi cuz it's not
have to give a reason I'm picking Yoshi
I want to see what Donkey Kong looks
like when he's running okay come on you
Bowser's shit
come on beep okay okay what's he doing
breakdancing okay down left okay Mario
oh my god
okay so much is going on why is spinning
what's going on
oh shit ah time it Donkey Kong sprint
for the finish eyes through spinning
again how adorable
oh I got ten coins I got ten rings oh I
wish there was more you could do in this
game I swear like that's order a sort of
mini games and they need to add more
minigames
okay guys I'm gonna end the video here
okay this has been Sonic and Mario
Olympic Games alright so I like this
game but there's only such a handful of
games okay I want to try like more
Olympic Games I know there was a limp ik
2012 video game I kind of want to try
that if you guys want to see that
actually Levi's like if we reach 10,000
likes I want to do more I'll do that
adds another video because yeah because
the Olympics is on yeah I want to play
more Olympic type games okay I think
it'll be funny leave a comment who
you're representing okay I mean just to
see what all countries you guys are
repping for and yeah anyway guys I'll
see you in the next video of man see
other guys love you ba ba baby
