play note hello everyone how is everyone
doing in this mess yourself there at the
day ladies German we are back yet again
with the beautiful game that is y'all
don't rate simulator so now there's a
whole lot new shit yet again in this
game ok so we're just gonna do it ok
that's it let's go let's go do this shit
okay first things first
I think there's new girl sin by shrine
almighty senpai we love you so much I
just want to give you a kissy oh shit
the girl has new stuff this is a bandage
that senpai threw away some of his
delicious bloody stolen love dishes some
chewing gum that senpai spell it was in
his room most mouthful now this is a
pencil that senpai was chewing on I'm so
jealous yeah who wouldn't be jealous of
sampai sucking on this hello beautiful
hi Brandon this is a lock of sin PI's
hair it's so soft and fluffy fluffy hair
this is a button
from sand pies uniform it is an almond
this is sand pies toothbrush brushing my
teeth with it is more toothpaste
I don't recording with ten minutes and I
already look like this what the hell is
wrong with me
oh shit nearly ran through the door this
is an apple
that's sample took a bite out of it
licking the teeth marks is so much fun
this is a been to that senpai ate out of
I don't know what that is so I can't get
it for you guys
he sees a can that sent by drank out of
he crushed it with his powerful manly
hands
what if I just bend it someone you think
Oh strong black look at me crashing okay
that was my shrine why did I spend so
long still in that I don't know but
let's go to school
oh it's so amazing I love this game so
much change my shoes ease
oh nice black white black black white it
doesn't matter if you're black or white
wasting your time with this garbage
doctor - dad oh shit look all the new
students shit they were coming at once
I'm not it's not the only thing it all
comes at once down there's so many
students okay
every student yet they put in I lose an
FPS it's not good I'm now have ten but
everyone changing their shoes I don't
get it
what the hell I don't get it is this
some Japanese shit okay don't wear your
bloody school shoes to bloody school I
mean what okay so there's some new
differences around the school I don't
know what so let's go looking around for
them a what is there alarm on my head
morning I have a top hat man oh my
goodness what the hell is this
now our first stop is the faculty room
now apparently it is now run by teacher
available I hate my job so much trading
all these stupid students tests what's
this what's this I went to a park and
40y nice teacher so mean who wouldn't
want to teach a student like yandere
greetings shut up let me join the
arty-farty Club ah oh it is as a painter
yandere I will now paint all of the
clothes I mean I will paint all the
paintings oh okay I am now the famous
painter
yandere I will now paint one of the most
amazing paintings you will ever see okay
but first we need a painting subject any
volunteers it's so much safer
Oh
oh I will fall in tears your dude oh
what a fine specimen this is look at you
you're so fine I will now paint you up
mess yourself paint me like one of your
french girls okay you want me to paint
you like one of your french girls Oh
luckily I have flange
okay this is what I have got for my
painting
uh Oh as you will see this is Magnifico
Magnifico is there something new in the
light music club oh my god there is as
well look it's always so good like a
instruments on it can I play it
oh I can't play it what the hell wait I
can play the piano play note is anything
no on the rooftop I don't think so
hwayeong ii what the hell what's this
girl doing well this girl just like
twiddling on her phone wait a second
yandere are you playing yonder I go now
I believe there is something also very
new okay especially involving these two
girls I know something's wrong with
these two girls I just can't put my
bloody finger on it oh my god sis are we
gonna do our nails after school oh you
bet sister
we are gonna look so pretty oh my god
girl we so totally are I bet all the
boys have a crush on us
all right now the new thing that happens
with these two girls is that when you
kill one of them they react differently
they don't run away anymore but cuz
they're sisters they tried to bloody
attack you are oh shit I died okay so
she takes you out if you kill a sister
but ladies and gentlemen okay if you
kill huh okay they react differently in
the mornings okay good in the mornings
they go straight to the rooftop but if
one of them is dead they react
differently let's go kill one of them
are Saku boss hey girl I'm gonna go sit
with you did he hear about a bloody uh
yourself wait for it ah pickup or DJ go
buddy go speech you saw nothing okay
go spit gee greetings can I join the
gardening club you have joined the club
thank your gospel tea take the shovel
okay no one must find her body no one I
said I am your daddy and I'm begging oh
boy take up Hoodie and shove it in the
bloody thing okay drop it it okay now
Betty huh I am your daughter and I'm
digging a hole diggy come on oh shit
I've paid it all no one knows now no one
will find our body now the next day okay
it's the next day of school okay
let us see how the bloody other sister
will react to us sister being dead oh my
God look what is she doing okay I miss
my sister so much oh that time we spent
together she didn't come home last night
we were me to do one news together oh my
goodness what have I done
this poor girl I've killed her sister
that she loved
where is the other Basso sister why is
she crying I hope nothing happened to
her okay now I think there's just one
new thing which I haven't checked out
okay now you know that you can kidnap
people okay I've done like several times
in previous videos boom go watch that
yandere video if you want me to sit you
want me to what to see me do that but
yeah apparently okay when someone is
broken and tortured enough they have a
new killing animation so let's go watch
that shit okay
oh hello nurse you don't mind if I take
this syringe and tranquilizer do you by
the way nurse damn girl lookin fine did
you get new sexy outfit yeah you did go
yeah
if this guy was my nurse oh you would
want know what I would do happen up in a
pub okay this girl's sanity is now at 0%
let's bring this go to school okay okay
it's a new day uh where she oh my god Oh
bluie Chang nothing you're nothing I
should die you should die she's bloody
gone crazy guys she's gone bloody crazy
just like Gandhari let us give her a web
do it do it do it
shit look or go oh my babe my gosh is
going Mike are you good are you good are
you Richard lui Chan Babu
shit guys this is the skirt you think
this game can't get any more dark and
disgusting wooden daddy does okay guys
I'm gonna end the video here uh there's
been a new update I kind of don't what
end the video hate abuse it's such a
deep dark note to end on
there should be no update hopefully the
next one will be a lot of happiness okay
and not that crazy shit that we just saw
but uh yeah anyway guys thank you so
much for watching if you like young dory
keep hitting that like button okay we
have we hit 10,000 lights on every
single episode so if we hit on this one
I will continue the series I I think I
make these videos because I mostly enjoy
them okay I hope they make for good
videos I think they do anyway guys thank
you so much watching and I'll see you in
the next video man
so there the guys love you back okay
calm down
