hello everyone how's everyone doing it
is mesh yourself fair at the daily share
we're back with the I pad we play with
the iPad Pokemon go everyone's playing
it your mum's playing it your man's
playing it you've got that brothers and
sisters are playing it and let's be
honest if you're not playing here okay
you're a bloody loser two months ago if
you were still playing Pokemon everyone
school black you're still playing
Pokemon how old are you
you're so bloody childish yeah shut up
mom whose childhood the child now huh
stupid woman but now if you're not
playing Pokemon everyone at school be
looking at you like oh my god you're not
paying the hell's wrong with you grow up
already
alright so today leizerman no we're not
playing Pokemon go okay because everyone
else is playing it and no one wants to
watch this shitty youtubers travel
across the lab so as you may know when a
popular app comes out you're such
Pokemon go all up on the App Store and
it will come up straight away but then
later Sherman you've got all this bloody
shit people trying to cash in tick tick
dolla dolla on the Pokemon franchise
okay so today leizerman
we are playing shit Pokemon ripoff apps
okay let's let's go P okay the first app
we're gonna play is dress semen
oh God even the shit image of a Nortel
is a bad idea
hey Soph I don't want to get no
notifications from this shit
I can brought in a nun okay um so this
is the first repo come on we got to
choose what what this shit are these
people okay so the first ones rouler
but it's the counterfeit version of
rouler it's bloody uh Bella hey how's it
going I'll bear it I'm gonna go and rape
your kids oh my goodness
Bella Jesus Christ okay actually to be
honest it kind of doesn't let P no
better look at that face he's like okay
I'm we have the second Pokemon which I
don't know what the shit it is it's like
a mix between squirrel and bloody I
don't know it's whatever it is scared
out of me and then we have this third
thing which is sort of like a bloody
bunny
that's like fire oh no I'm scared of
drasi ma gnomes I'm gonna be honest okay
I'm gonna go with Peter bear cuz look at
him hi there
oh this looks fun oh yeah hi and welcome
to the world of you and your dress
emotes are special are magical creatures
ah dressy trainers collect battle and
evolved track Simmons so exciting okay
let me show you some of the basics get
toriel's ah shit
this my ball boys is that where's caught
quickly ball boys youth glory touch oh
my god
the sir bug claim on my face great job
it looks like you had this battle under
control
wait what the hell I do only press one
button goodbye have fun
wait tutorial please don't leave me
tutorial quickly poor boys you slap a
Jap oh shit oh wait before here's to
cover my face
this is the most intense battle I've had
in my life okay why would you break
Pokemon go when you can play something
like this or attack some coming on me
but what's going on dried red with him
oh he just like freezes and goes red
like oh we're back with the chill music
all right after that intense Pokemon bow
I'm sweating balls over here okay we
nest we get to go back and chill all
right we got you oh I need throughout
that oh good there's a shop
there's a shop I can get lots of 10,000
gems eighty pounds that's the most
boring I've ever seen in my entire life
I can get 10,000 going for 4,500 gems
like I can get a pokeball oh this looks
fun I can't wait to sink in thousands of
pounds into this yeah
great one Digimon oh where the shit this
is called where these are the Pokemon we
got a phony over there yes this is he is
a bloody phony okay we've got a grantee
nope you want to sit on my tusks baby
girl and we've also got a dimple
who's that we also have a gentle Soros
oh we've also got a log log log dish log
fish luggage luggage luggage we got a
luggage we've also got a man-made arey
with the shit and they look like a man
but trust me I have a pussy and then
we've got a beauty Russ okay which is
very beautiful okay looks like a stork
very nice alright this app is trash all
right I still want to play a little bit
more than this okay let's go over to
evergreen lands and uh pass the level a
wild em douve appears alright slap his
face off okay just slap me first yeah
this is fun I was sick most exciting
thing ever why don't well one month one
health left
well I might die whoa took four damage
whoa okay
Oh oh no it's knocked out okay yeah oh
my oh oh I have a hotel nice oh we're
not done oh we're not done yeah be the
sub ugh yeah okay
we should have sat a marmalade yeah it's
very mum Oh Lane shut the shit okay just
punch me in the face and I'll died yay
so the games just over do you really
want me to buy Jackie Mons is that how
the black game bloody works I have to
wait 15 seconds to heal or I could spend
money to do it on the sky hey watch ads
and get 2 hours of quick healing how
about you shut your mouth
okay the next game we're playing is
dragon trainer look shit already
it's the same music oh my goodness is
another one these games
it's called cross side the same this
looks exactly the same look even got the
same icons what this chicken one with
iPad games nowadays actually I gotta be
fair look at that a little whale under
the tower he does look very happy
okay I forgive you game alright you are
a piece of shit okay just want my money
terrible gameplay but you know what just
because of that whale with the shit this
is the same thing it was different throw
sand oh that was that was interesting
tailwhip that was my tail with me okay
the next game we're playing is pokey
girl okay pokey goal is where you create
your own pokemon but instead of pokemons
they're very attractive teenage anime
girls this is a million dollar idea okay
okay so over here we've got a sexy boys
in - Pikachu - boobies we've got a very
attractive Bulbasaur I've got this which
is uh I don't know what the shit you are
I think it's meant to be a very sexy
Mewtwo I'm like I got a boner right now
uh we've got a chart lizard why she
locked okay let me unlock this lock okay
into our panties yeah
what what what I have to pay three
pounds just to see how bloody oh I don't
know what that is I don't know what you
are I don't know what this is oh I know
what this is it's the bloody bug I don't
look at all these pretty things like a
burrow and I kept her in there so nah
yeah it was fun yeah okay okay what's
with this music
oh this service look I don't pay money
for this shit I just want to see her
naked
I just want to see a naked through this
booth what's with this music
I am only oh fuck I like to see the
lady's eyes rookie but fight I'm early
good luck I like to see the lady's eyes
cookie but show me the fucker Monty he's
joe beaser okay mud okay I'm done I'm
done I'm done okay now it's my Pokemon
damn okay wow this this resolution
though wait what what's going okay going
out yeah that was quick game over
okay yeah game over cuz you kind of
showed me in the admin of my game
Canalis pause the game ty piss off you
stupid pokey builder this one looks fun
oh yeah I know he tells give me high
quality a nap by looking at the bloody
menu screen okay let's first select our
block so entertaining and the shit is
there gonna be multiplayer in the game I
miss okay what the what the shit is this
okay I did it yeah I did it yeah I did
it yeah oh I did it too many blocks
right this game it's amazing well is the
best game ever i love you so much and
look the giving out already I'm so
excited
okay let's play catch stars where the
two poker balls are the menu okay
pokemon logo where are those good
pokeballs why you using a little their
logo level one they're gonna know
Pikachu oh it's like the real thing
oh it's it's flappy bird but with a pit
pokeball pika pika pick up bigger bigger
god dammit these games are so bad all of
them are so bad
alright now there's also been a lot of
quiz apps so let's do Pokemon quiz oh
I'll be getting twenty five three coins
every day hmm
oh my God look what God got back every
day who's that Pokemon
who's that Pokemon who's that Pokemon
oh it's chameleon ah its Charizard
ah okay this one's squirrel oh shit oh
no this is uh a wart ha uh is this a
Blastoise yeah a Caterpie Metapod
Butterfree ah this is a weed oh okay
look at we do okay smoking out that
gunch of a man I'm a weed oh okay I
don't wanna buy some weed cuz I got
plenty of it yeah I'm weeding Piedra
Pidgey Pidgeotto Pidgeot Rattata
replicates Pharaoh Pharaoh I gotta pass
yeah
say something I'm giving up on you
uh he can't oh of course he can't well I
know that what the shit is that oh yeah
here we go baby
the sexiest Pokemon allowed you looking
good
hey how you doing jiggle it oh yeah
shut up Brandon is so annoying that's a
big lot that's a big dr. oh that's a Sai
doc sad as a clam Bellsprout okay this
must be boring to watch okay but I've
got 71 Pokemon okay in a row and how I
mean I've messed up like twice okay come
on now I'm a true Pokemon fan it might
be Ganga shit I'm a true Pokemon bad oh
it's good enough Pokemon edition the
hell this is the exact same layout was
the other game what the hell is this it
was a greninja correct
ah all right this is this game just
seems to be memes instead of Pokemon and
we have to guess the Pokemon okay so
this is another Bellsprout oh ah my ears
are bleeding okay this is a buddy Bob
were so high hey I've got her shit dawg
ah shit is this Kappa ah
alright this game is called monster hero
oh look it's bigger tube but just open
and this is it where you create a
Pokemon this is Pikachu as I don't know
we've got Pikachu is spider-man
Bulbasaur as that guy that guy that guy
that guy okay what what the shit is this
this is actually what iPad games are
like is the shit this is my shake shake
thing about okay lady Sherman I'm gonna
end the video here this has been
terrible Pokemon go apps okay I'll stick
with the original alright so be sure to
leave a like guys uh let me know if you
guys want to see more pokemon gold
videos I think I have I think you
probably have watched one already that I
uploaded and yeah I've been thinking
about going out to London and do more so
yeah it's really rich if this video
reaches 10,000 likes I'm gonna do
another pokemon gold video not that not
these shitty Pokemon app videos but an
actual Pokemon go real anyway guys thank
you so much for watching and I'll see
you in the next video man see there the
guys love you Baba I'm pretty sure it's
not centered I'm pretty sure it's not
centered it might be nat centers don't
include that joking
