oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is mesh yourself there today I am so
excited because we are starting up a
brand new let's play and it's a let's
play which I didn't complete it is the
Walking Dead so about a year ago I made
my first episode on The Walking Dead all
right because I wanted to do it as a
let's play all right and I ended up not
doing it because I didn't think enough
people wanted a let's play on The
Walking Dead but I hear that the final
is releasing in December and I've always
said that I've always wanted to do a
let's player in The Walking Dead and
because the whole series is finishing in
December I thought now is the perfect
time to play through the whole series
from now all the way to December alright
so if you guys like that idea
leave a like if this video reaches
50,000 likes all right I'm gonna
continue this and I'm gonna post an
episode every week please previously on
The Walking Dead okay so the story is
that the crashes in a car it's a zombie
apocalypse
alright he's running through the woods
he finds Clementine the mom's dead
alright this is Kenny dude ugh you got
it this is dog and I'm Carly this is
Carly didn't dog die oh no this little
shit
he got bit alright so this is what where
we left off last episode alright
oh hell broke loose we chose to save
Polly and dog died but if anything
happens to my daughter or that little
girl you've got with you oh you watch
your ass
oh yeah cuz Lee was being sent to prison
before the zombie apocalypse a broke out
alright so there's lots of lots of
information or you don't have to watch
the last episode honestly I'll try and
explain it as I go along I've been
wanting to play this for so long
alright so now we're gonna do it we're
gonna finally finish it alright the
let's play is gonna run all the way to
December we've got Lee what's happening
with Lee oh we've got an axe
three months later scary
okay luckily being a badass killing
zombies and shit oh and this guy who's
this guy again
oh what'd they get this time Oh looks
like a rabbit a rabbit that's another
meal lost all we're looking for food
rabbits hardly of New York market I'd
take it yeah I need to wrap it okay I
don't know shit about no stupid bunny Oh
eat that shit in a second I wish I knew
for sure how much food we have left oh
oh okay oh you have to ask Lily who the
shit is Lily uh we'll manage yellow mask
all right calm down you know some people
aren't too happy about the way Willy's
handling rations I don't give a shit you
think Kenny's having any more luck than
we are out here oh I don't know you know
Kenny's been talking about taking off if
he can get that RV running oh okay
so Kenny wants to leave uh he's got a
family look out commander look out oh
man and their safest in a big group
going out on his own we'll get them all
killed
can't volume in though did you hear
Larry going off on him last night
Oh we'll see how guys deal any what's
that I hate the holes eyes got a problem
with you in particular why he's an old
racist asshole but that's just an old
racist asshole he's no essence do you
well he needs to get over that and start
finding a way to pull his weight yeah I
don't give a sh air out this old man
hope he dies okay and didn't he punch
you in the face one time knock me flat
yeah I remember that
okay so it's been a long time it's been
three months since you know that whole
hell from the first episode where we
nearly all died all right but it seems
like we're we're you know hunting now
for food don't risk the noise shouldn't
aim aim oh you dumb shit all right
oh shit what's on oh that's Kenny oh god
don't know oh no no no Kenny's gonna
drop and guys we gotta go if there's
weird playing this game for so long okay
because I think I kind of forgot
everyone's characters you know and stuff
like that but yeah this is Lee I've
missed him
all right what's happened to Kenny one
run run run run leo know some dude died
will happen oh it's a it's goes further
bad drops please don't kill us we just
want to help our teachers with me
oh you guys okay oh we have to kill him
this might be the same guys that raided
our camp and we barely got away from
that
oh we did not who ready to care I don't
know guys with guns oh please we won't
bother you I swear
shut up killer please okay all right get
him all right we'll help him guys Oh God
thank you know is that so much coming Oh
No so much they're coming oh no we're
gonna do something bit already coming oh
no oh no what do we do guys bar boys
back oh god oh god Katie Oh coach those
walkers off for me dick walking off of
me what do I do
the taint Oh No okay yeah this axe isn't
gonna break this chain guys I already
know that
okay well that didn't really work how
about we just chop up his leg oh we
actually dared but he'll be funny oh no
he's passed it out hey buddy oh god oh
god one more time
oh god oh god oh god oh oh we just
chopped off his leg see there's times
always passed out okay
at least we didn't kill him or I saved
his life all right don't look at me like
that guys I saved his legs but then
again he is bleeding now so uh we gotta
go we gotta go
we're gonna go zombies coming all right
we picked up this guy come with down
left all right cool sorry I do oh oh
come on come on we gotta move over this
guy's gonna die well your friends dead
okay well we just saw it all right bye
now and already you know I chopped some
guy's leg and some guys from hey this is
episode two of The Walking Dead
hope you guys are excited as I am all
right so now we are at a motel all right
I'd was starved for help oh my goodness
okay guys all right
we have now escaped from that hellhole
in the city and found a abandoned motel
where we have come up with a base
Clementine is playing football thinking
she's bloody Ronaldo sumbitch
we've got Timmy wherever the shit his
name is duck I think his name was and
we've got Carley over here I think her
name is I can't remember guys it's been
a year since I played there but yeah
this game has a big big story I I've
never actually played it myself but I've
always wanted to so yeah we're doing it
all right how long is this place shit
the end drop which is a min the gun it's
just me it's Lee what's happening easy
easy
it's fine it's fine
how are these do we know we bought
wounded by oh shit ok ok let's go
Clementine alright calm down wait what
the hell you can't just be bringing new
people here are you thinking about it
you want to calm down for a thought
about I want to know why you thought
bringing more mouths to feed was a good
idea he would have died if we left him
what about what we are not resolved wall
every struggling survivor we come across
we have to focus on our group here right
now we haven't even talked to these
people yet maybe they can be helpful
yeah come on Lily these are people
people trying to survive just like us
we've got to stick together we do the
only reason you're here is because you
had food enough for all of us
oh that food is almost gone we've got
maybe a week's worth left and I don't
suppose you guys are carrying any
groceries are you no shit oh no guys
fight this poor kid
oh okay so we got this new kid see what
I drew what just come on okay Oh leader
of this little group but we can make our
own goddamn decisions oh this isn't your
own personal dictatorship yeah yeah
bitch oh come on you're being dramatic
you'll be dramatic everything always
turns into a power struggle between you
two I'm not gonna be a part of that -
fine all right I need to shut off to
leave this group Oh everyone was happy
to have me distributing the food when
they're only going to around but now
that it's running out suddenly I'm a
goddamn Nazi Kenny's right yeah you're
in charge of the food and all kettles
but you're not in charge of people's
lives yeah yeah you weren't there
we made a choice end of story yeah I
says what's calm down I just say well
some ketchup patches that guy up you can
kick him out of here
send him out on their own I couldn't
care less but they at least deserve a
fighting chance against the war yeah
Kenny wanted to leave those people
behind yeah Kenny he would pull his head
out of his ass for five seconds he'd
realized that I make these decisions to
protect its family we simply don't have
enough food calm down we'll find more
fancy any of you stepping up to make the
hard decisions my girls got more balls
than all of you combined talk about your
daughter's balls why don't you go help
mark with the wall go piss off man you
old man I hate this guy all right he's
got some biggest nose all right he
punched me in the last video all right I
hate this guy if you think I'm doing
such a shitty job then you do it yeah
we'll do it
yoo-hoo was this that's all the food we
have for today what'd you decide who
gets to eat I have to pay no I'm serious
pick up that food and start handing it
out sure you see how it feels to not
have enough food for everyone
oh now I have to make the hard decisions
oh shit man what do we do who do we give
food to guys you only have four items of
food for ten hungry people oh now it's
too many food all right I think we
should get the kids food first all right
because that dumb kids all right are you
doing
oh I don't know didn't you help me find
it okay okay sure I had it a couple days
ago
okay well where it goes if I find it
I'll find her dumb lost hat you stupid
awesome okay
oh I shut up Glenn okay okay let's get
duck some food cuz he's a little shit
alright I hate him oh okay let's give
him a sum sum a half an apple here shut
up I ain't got peanut butter your
dumbass shit let's give Clementine some
too
let's give some crackers okay I have two
more pieces left - who should I give it
to will you hold the damn horns steady
I'm trying I I didn't realize I was
getting this week already oh I got 60
cents in my pocket if you're shut up
quit being such a pants oh this poor guy
so this guy's was in charge of the hotel
and then he let us stay here and gave us
free food so maybe I should give him
food to hear it sir hey something let's
give him a piece of jerky thanks Lee let
me help with the wall nope
actually we could use your axe you mind
if we take it yeah take it yeah give us
that thing for a bit what you old man
okay I'm a nice guy
let's give it to mark your work this is
hell yeah yes screams Larry the one
doing all the work huh you didn't think
to give me the ax at all
give it a rest man things are different
being a racist is outdated oh and that's
what you think this is oh no we called
him a racist and now he's exactly what
you told him what I'm shit no that's not
what I said
oh I I did say that is he then gonna say
oh no I just threw the blame on him oh
no okay well that was kind of bad but I
mean he didn't rat me out because I gave
him food and stuff Oh should I keep the
last food for myself or give it to
someone else I'll give it to someone
else it's okay let's give the last piece
of fruit to Kenny because sure he's my
best friend here Cooney
- here Kenny digging how about my boy oh
yeah of course a boy I mean I hate him
but he's Ian and hand it over
all right I take
starved Oh the others notice you fed
Kenny why business okay so I saw the
food taken place not such an easy job is
it shut up it was very easy just gave it
to the kids it's okay I know you're
still watching out for me oh it's okay
hey thanks for looking out for me and my
family it's good of course still I guess
some people aren't gonna be happy with
your choice give a shit you're out what
happened to my food
oh no he's been it's none left Oh keep
treating people like this and your days
in this group are numbered oh you're one
to talk old man you should well I don't
see you working on that wall shut up
okay can leave oh come here please
oh shut up you stupid cut chili bean is
he lost too much blood
oh we die god damn it Oh No sick of this
shit oh come back
there's nothing uh let him go can't you
but let him go just needs time yes been
a rough morning yeah yeah some guy died
I tried but he was never going to oh I
probably shouldn't talk this leg off man
what about the other kid uh-oh what do
we do with him kill him
kill him
you just to get away Lee got beer
okay well that's funny noise oh alright
well then it dies but it's cool
why'd you bring him here in the first
place asshole you're gonna get us all
killed
I'm sorry oh why didn't you tell us he
was bitten oh well he was bitten and you
didn't see a gun to him work yeah II
wasn't bitten I swear well you're not
bitten friend here came back to life and
tried to kill my wife what wait you all
don't know what the hell you talking
it's not the bite that does it huh
stupid I'll call you come back no matter
how you die if you don't destroy the
brain that's just what happens
it's instead all of us
whoa everyone whoa
I guess so I don't know I all I know is
that I've seen people turn who I know
were never bitten Oh son Hammond we were
all hiding out in a gym and everybody
thought we were finally safe all of the
girls
Jenny pitcher I think I guess she
couldn't take it she took some pills
a lotta then killed herself someone went
in the girls room the next morning and
she's a zombie God Oh
so if you die you're a zombie
oh no oh who these people whoa lady
relax me and my brother we we just want
to know if y'all can help us out shut up
are you armed yeah for protection dead
could be anywhere yeah what do we do I
think you got the upper hand here oh god
what do we do our place is protected by
an electric fence generators provide the
electricity Oh our generators run on gas
okay we own a dairy farm a few miles up
the road
y'all be willing to lower your guns we
can talk about some kind of tray oh how
y'all going on food weight fruit we got
plenty at the day we need food Lee why
don't you and Mark check the place out
see if it's legit all right sounds good
going with you all right let's get out
your back if anything seems fishy fishy
like a Betty fish what do y'all think
you've got a deal okay yeah sure I mean
we're putting some gas to your dairy in
exchange you give us some food to bring
back yeah see how it goes from there
that sounds like a couple gallons should
power one of our generators for a while
okay yeah I can do that all right so did
a live almost complaining guys it's nice
to get away from that motel for a while
yeah it is no leak anything is starting
to get ridiculous
yeah personally I'd be happier if you
started to take charge more I mean I can
do that me as a leader you see big won't
be fooled you yeah sure everybody looks
up to you Oh everyone yeah I know
everyone thinks I'm so trust with ya not
that stupid old man does anyone else
know oh yes she knows uh Larry knows
very great that can't be easy
yeah also when we were talking in the
drugstore oh yeah so yeah so basically
Lee is as a criminal he killed his his
wife his wife's a person I was cheating
on him no severe accident
I pretty much knew about the affair yeah
so his wife was and referred to it and
then she kill he killed the guy whatever
happened before things went to hell
doesn't matter it doesn't matter anymore
matter everyone would see it that way I
do I've reported on some pretty
messed-up shit I've seen situations like
yours a hundred times
okay it doesn't have to make you a bad
man okay yeah no right he's a good guy
really appreciate that man oh I think
you all right shut up stop talking now
we need some food why don't you tell us
a little more about yourself Lee oh
where are you from where am i from uh
make it I grew up in Macon right here in
the heart of joke right that's right I
got you here y'all seem pretty settled
in at that motor in uh who's running
things over there who's running things
uh democracy okay we work as a group all
of us looking out for you yeah that's
true I hear that there's so many dumb
asses out there fighting each other
these days it's just stupid Oh God over
there anyway
how many people
I'm including the kid okay nine you
forgot been me oh that makes it ten well
we'd love to get you all out to the
dairy like I said we got plenty of food
okay right frankly we could always use
an extra helping hand that's good that's
service I used to help out on a goat
farm okay it's calm shit Mama's been
running the dairy for as long as I can
remember
oh now it's think you're gonna cut me
out of it
what's happening what's up okay everyone
get down no one's trying to cut you out
of anything you don't care you're always
fucking this sand it's oh those look
like the people who raided my catenoid
whoa what do we do now oh my god
okay that guy just got mad at his friend
and just killed his own friends around
here damn let's get to the dairy where
it's safe she's just crazy look like I
just killed him that girl's for no
reason should we loo his body at least
no okay never mind
all right this farm looks pretty good
actually now that I think about it all
right I mean I think you're gonna be
pretty safe st. John family's dairy oh
here it is st. John's family dad y'all
can see how we kept this place so safe
y'all can't see they fry like bugs in a
sack whoa listen 4,000 votes do that
thing with generators and names okay to
assume that's a lot so they have an
electric fence around their farm for
protection that's really clever
Oh some woman ever have any accidents
nah you don't safer here than out there
this place reached
you never know the rest of the world is
in ruins it's worth protecting
it's all the juice
this is our money hey ma were in the st.
John and welcome to the st. John Deere
is here's Lee he's for making yeah a
couple of our old farm hands work from
naked girl I'm good yeah we've got a few
more friends staying at the old motel oh
my goodness that place is pretty
vulnerable oh you got someone with
survival experience to lead your group
you know work together yeah we got a
sweet guy if I was moving down all right
we know over there we'll make sure
you're safe think oh yeah sorry I don't
have poked you anymore we're all
incredibly hungry
yeah cuz i'm so far y'all Oh amazing
stuff like that anymore not without a
cow for milk and butter that's for sure
yeah maybe I will make it through this
bout him whatever she's gotten be with
us for a good long walk okay all right
just shut your mouth give us food now we
have a vet a week a bringer here we can
help you folks out Oh
our prayers have been a maybe are all
group Kusum oh oh how about these y'all
go get your veterinary friend and I'll
prepare some dinner a big feast for all
you hungry so oh they have some folks to
help out round here again yeah any why
don't you come help me out in the
kitchen okay I can do that
all right I want some free food okay
take care of yourself later all right
see in a while she's gone back to get
the rest of them and we're gonna go eat
and go help out all right sounds good
once you get settled in I could use some
help securing the perimeter
okay I have a problem sometimes the dead
get tangled up in the fence before they
fry and end up knocking over a post oh
I'm gonna go top off the generators
before they run dry come get me when
you're ready okay that's a shut up this
place is incredible oh my god it's got
food food in that fence holy man that
fence if we play our cards right this
might turn out to be a place we can stay
Oh before we can think about bringing
our whole group here to stay we need to
figure out if this place is as safe as
they're telling us yeah obviously they
think it's safe but is it safe enough
for the kids
exactly you noticed a broken swing over
there yeah a big deal maybe there's
other things not working that we just
can't see exactly all right so let's not
jump to any conclusions I'll keep my
eyes open and you find out what you can
from Andy sounds like a plan oh yeah st.
John's st. John's farm let's chop go
kick out st. John's all right let's go
fix these bloody fences now all right
cuz that's what they want me to do right
they wanted me to fix the fence and walk
the perimeter all right do you guys
trust these guys I can't wait until
everyone
everyone besides Larry why the hell did
you have to tell him I thought he was a
racing as if tensions weren't high
enough
sorry man it just popped out yeah I try
to be civil at least yeah simple he's
too busy being cranky to notice oh yeah
I hate that guy's not a good guy all
right so here's a dead zombie man take
this arrow
Oh God Oh God
asked us to discuss this dumbass don't
make a game out of it or goddamn zombie
it I just want you to know that I've got
your back if anything goes down oh thank
you oh god this because it saw me on the
head just chilling okay this is dead
still oh oh
- the smell do you nope nope it's smelly
smelly of zombies Oh can't stop thinking
about dinner
oh don't worry you're gonna eat your ass
shit I'm hungry - mark no do you think
they're gonna be good for it dinner for
a whole group of people I mean they said
it got as much food as they say I think
so Oh it'sit's free food oh I just take
the free food why complain - no I think
I see where they're getting in oh this
one must have knocked it over trying to
get through oh okay I lit up in there
pretty good
come on help me get this thing back in
place so we can get mr. crispy off you
let's repair this fence you know cuz
they're zombie push it Ola
alright I mean pretty stupid dumb game
play which I'm doing right now you know
which isn't progressing the story at all
but you know what stop complaining oh
they just turned onto Sauron why the
hell knows we're out here
no no okay just when I thought shit was
up was getting boring alright everybody
play this is fun with arrows oh no hi hi
hi oh god we had an agreement
no idea no oh now what do we do do we
push it we're gonna push it that's such
a small I did all there's a block here
give it the block all right now push it
now push your father's of lever here
look okay I'll do that
Ok Go Go Go Go push it push it push it
oh okay well I got shot with an arrow
okay one looking dying in this game oh
no oh no we're late or something what do
we do what happened will graduate shit
it's one of the Dead we pushed down
earlier gods we're gonna have to move it
move it move it quickly bitch go go go
go move it move it oh that's bat shit
come on come on come on come on okay
it's cool oh no another Chitti dead
zombie another one - I think I'll move
this thing with this thing miss thing
don't wake up please alright well that's
one way of dammit is on B I guess
chasing me yeah dumbass zombie Oh No
hello oh god oh god oh god
well I I'm dying like every every
mission thank you God please go let's go
we did jump the fence or something oh
alright there's a weak part the fence
well that was fun I mean I guess but
we're being attacked now what do we do
what do we do run run run
oh no this guy's like oh no what's
happening my bomb what's wrong we just
got that was a goddamn ambush out there
holy shit er are you okay on our
property bastards in the woods mama yeah
I'll be all right once it's out yeah
good
dammit oh this poor guy mark oh my god
what happened you got a minute
I should just pull it out come on
brenda's got you come on inside now
we'll have you all sorted out okay get
this out of it we ran into some people
on the way up here and it's I guess I
think it was him that attacked us they
gave us a lot of problems in the
beginning killed a bunch of our farmhand
oh you were able to get him to stop by
making a ditch you do about these people
what I threw the deal in tection not
like we had much of a choice but they
did stop hassling us okay god damn it
Carly said this place was locked down
tight uh-oh maybe it isn't as safe here
as we thought yeah we're sorry we never
had him screw with us like this not
since we started giving them food but
well I said we made them agree with
those people but we will not stand for
this shit yeah no way I'm gonna let
those sons of bitches get away cause you
know what these assholes are they're
hard to pin down but I think I know
where at least one of their camps are
all right yeah when you're ready to go
scope out that bandit camp come find us
alright sounds like a plan
this place isn't safe we can't stay here
I'm not safe
this place is a hell of a lot safer than
that motor in it is all of us and our
guns can handle a couple of Punk's with
bows and arrows true what we need to do
is find a way to get our whole group out
here to stay
take this place over if we have to whoa
cool your jets there rainbow these are
nice people let's not do anything to get
us thrown out before we since car
and Ben ate some of the food on the way
to get us she volunteered to stay behind
and watch the motor in until we get back
oh that's good I remember seeing kids in
your group so I went ahead and fixed
that swing while you were out
Oh kids like swings come on dumb kids
alright so we'd go kill the bandits
alright I mean I think this place is a
lot better than than than the motel that
we're staying at but you know why you
know let's just let's just do our ting
okay so are you ready to head out there
and find their camp yeah sure let's go
it'll be a good opportunity to find out
a bit more about what we're up against
yeah let's do it let's do it actually if
I dance I know it's around here and no
it's gotta be close it's gotta be it's
gotta be close somewhere hmm
we see some cans we've got some tracks
they were huge a second ago cause of the
cans where a wall is little faces
you found it you're friendly all right
we found it let's take him out
let's take them out much want to go aim
fire fire okay there's no one there's no
point firing all right everyone calm
down
should we go loot their place I think we
should all right cuz that Banat so good
to share about them you know no one
suspect me
snick huh you see anybody see anyone no
I don't actually
stay on your guard yeah we can't rule
out the fact that there's no one here
yet watch my back watch my back
check out the tan this guy's voice it's
so funny oh no check the tent anyone in
there anyone in here mmm-hmm
okay there's nothing alright well that
was cold it can't be their main but yeah
it doesn't look like a main base take a
look around anyway there's probably some
shit around here they stole yeah yeah
let's loot out that tings boxes from the
dairy here Oh
they stole food we've been giving them
all fuckers cross the line okay what is
that what is that what you find wrong
video camera check what's on the camera
look look look look he's dead though Wow
okay good Wow good they got over here
what you mean good you a hunter ahh but
Lilly keeps us all on a regular training
schedule okay Lilly huh sounds like
she's running this democracy your wife
back to you you dumb ass ugly ass man I
hate this guy now alright Wow what's
with the slight comments oh let's check
out the ten oh what's in the ten is
there something in the tent what's that
guns damn goat right scumbags hop you
tellin Jolene ain't going back what hey
we had a deal
no shooting as long as we gave you
further what the fuck happened what up I
got a deal with them no no I know what
you are
and I know what you do what is he doing
don't know me know me not shit
everything from me why are you alone up
here what happened to happened well
that's a hell of a question mister they
told me I'd be safe with them
men who lived here Oh any words things
not for me we heard nice oh they took
her away into the woods and I faked them
every way I could think they just
laughed oh I killed them huh and I'm
staying here till she comes back to me
oh you're another dog when I asked you
sweet but today I'm guns down no you
think I won't kill you guys I don't want
to kill this woman crossbow and put a
nice stop arrow right through your oh no
deal god damn brain
you're not men you're monsters well men
are mom hate what they won't
oh no I'll take a can of beans take a
little girl it's not the fucking same do
you know I did you get this hat yeah Wow
you stole it from her so what if I did
you stole her from me
what Clementine what the hell are you
talking about
you know what I changed my mind I'm
putting this arrow right through your
balls Oh No string him up on that tree
no and it goes and she goes every
goddamn person I see put down the
crossbow no sir I'm down put it down
without it to kill you fuckers oh no we
do what do we do what do we do whatever
tell me what you got in mind
the kilt oh why god damn well haha I was
handling it straight up murdered that
woman hardly she had a crossbow
pointed in my forest oh I don't think we
should have killed da see just just the
fact that this guy you know shot just
says a lot about shame though right
through the forehead
that's good shooting right there he's
made a deal
can they just sort of so that's it we're
going back if they ain't here I don't
know where they are and it ain't a good
idea to go tromping through the woods
looking for ya yeah see this this is
kind of guy that would shoot this woman
because she's crazy isn't the type of
guy that I want to be hanging around
with so yeah that was fun okay what's
gonna happen alright woah what was this
all leading up to I know someone's like
hiding something but know what just yet
yeah oddly so sad
alright after all that dumb shit smells
a hell of a ride huh what I don't wanna
step soft on the Maurya what not after
what they did to your friend well you're
back everything so scary I don't know
about you guys but I'm kind of feeling a
bit you know awkward here you know what
I'm saying what Terry would have
oh my husband missing memory he died it
screwed up for everybody then why don't
you myself stupid-ass people always
arguing all the time
what's going on with them squabbling
looks like no tension with y'all oh shut
up you hillbilly woman okay
so mind your business don't mind yeah
yeah don't mind them you're both crazy
officers you know well it's probably
just the hunger talk yeah carbon-free Oh
dinner will be ready before you know it
all right I'm hungry and everything in
conjugant for me she and the kids are in
the barn with the cat oh all right
Kaja Kenny's wife saved the cow yeah
these people I trust them less and less
you know with the more conversations I
have with them they're just kind of
creepy looking all right let's talk to
clementine all right let's let's give
her back a hat because that woman stole
her hat and then we ended up shooting
her in the face because of it yeah
anyway a bit extreme but yeah let's just
give her back a hat
Oh the cow sleeping mom it's okay
Clementine you can pet her you can pal
go on Clementine it's okay go ahead oh
okay it's okay
Oh miss Mable could have a baby tonight
I'll just practice we'll see Clementine
oh shit she's bloody gone down pregnant
what is that what's this thing
Oh Daisy it's called a Salt Lick so yeah
but don't lick it
it's gross yeah did you look at ya to
become a dime late this old thing okay
am I meant to be looking around uh let's
let's check out this door oh it's locked
okay
you found it too huh huh found what Lee
they're hiding something but in this
dorm
there weren't a quick look
they got boxes stuff something metal and
sharp wait what a paranoid it's my job
to be paranoid Lee I got my whole family
on this form right now
no how about you okay now Clem uh yeah
what about Clem uh she's uh I'll protect
her no matter walking on protects her in
the middle yeah I don't give a shit
we'll look that guy with Katya what's
his name
oh he locked it up real tight the second
we came in oh I definitely heard a noise
back there lame but what what could the
BAE's we gotta know for sure let's go
find a hammer or something and I'll have
this thing off you want a break kicked
you back me up in case ten farmers come
running oh you smash the luck then what
if it turns out you're wrong you just
fucked your chance to get a good meal oh
yeah that's true
you know and risk it all right professor
would you have in mind let me have a
look at what we're dealing with okay so
Kenny Moore wants to know what's behind
this door you know how to pick a lock
right uh oh
why would you say well you know Jesus
man I'm from Florida
crazy shit just comes out of my mouth
hey thank that because he's black II
didn't pick a lock can see those screws
instead of break-in the padlock we can
just take off these o klappa didn't
replace it all the we're gonna get a
screwdriver from all right sounds like
you got a clock out we got a plan I'll
hang around and keep an eye on that guy
okay she died I thought that was Danny
can I help it boys find something oh oh
no we're just talking just checking out
the barn here never been to a dairy farm
before yes don't roam around without me
or Danny huh the farm can be a dangerous
place why is he awesome that's not to
roam around sorry about your friend
wait what hey do my friend die don't
fuck around with this door okay what
just you know mama gets nervous Andrew I
need your help again why are they
specify on that right away
specify okay not okay now I'm Jeff
definitely checking out what's in the
behind its goddamn door they're
specifying it they're like oh yeah don't
check out the door
okay why not all right I'll work on the
hay well kiddoes do your mom for now
yeah alright plane with hey we're gonna
lose our skid duck alright go it's go
sit down your dumb ass oh that's close
here wait whoa wait a second
looks like a bunch of old dirty clothes
okay smells pretty foul whose clothes
with these let's get coming time back i
hat your Clementine here we go yes I did
find it alright some fish to go find it
you said you would yeah but how did you
give your head to anyone no did you see
any strangers around the motor head who
might have taken it why why is probably
nothing just let me know if you ever see
anything
oh all right let's leave the barn okay
we need to find a screwdriver and we
need to distract this guy Oh old man's
flirting with a woman that is a woman
like yourself run this whole place
just found us I had my boys get out
there okay disgusting all right she's
bloody get in oh oh oh bloody uh what
for this guy or there's a toolbox here
oh you think there's a screwdriver here
there's a multi-tool is this a
screwdriver as well just for a second
okay I mean maybe is it let's just use
it Oh are we gonna turn off the
generator oh that's the distraction I'm
guessing just tie it off how our switch
okay yeah let's turn it off turn off
switch okay we we get its power switch I
turn it off all right so I'm guessing
that's gonna distract him all right back
away so it doesn't look like I did it
all right okay now this guy should
realize the powers gone all right oh
dang where's piece of shit okay
something's always tripping the breaker
oh okay well I that wasn't a lot of time
as a destruction okay well that was
great oh I don't turn it off I used a
multi-tool on this oh and I'm gonna
break it Oh
turn off quick quick quick quick quick
now break it break it break it break it
quick before he comes back break it
break it break it
oh I did it again
boy he's distracted guys he's distracted
let's find out what's behind this door
it's probably nothing Oh
oh no we were about to check it out but
now what dinner's ready
mom dad dinnertime it's time to go okay
honey let's get back oh come on come
along honey all right can you go on you
go you go you go go go go go he can
excuse for you oh he wants me to do it
okay all right let's go to a check
what's behind this door in this cookie
all right because man is hungry a man in
a long time all right okay let's sir
quickly use the door use on the door or
I use it user user user quick quick
quick
we're unscrewed unscrewed unscrew it
unscrew it I take the last screw off
come on come on come on come on come on
quick quick quick quick quick
go go check it out Oh Oh
what is it what is it all
ah
what is this boy didn't you hear the
pool
dinnertime but look I just came in and
found the door open like that probably
my tía brother
hey was anyone with you just now no uh
no not the duck no she went in the house
oh good yeah good oh okay he bought my
lie I don't want to ask any questions
because it makes me look like I saw
something I mean it's just a
slaughterhouse right where they where
they cure the cows and stuff right oh oh
I could eat a horse
okay where's mom Oh now don't you worry
about him
I've already brought some food Oh
where's Rast
oh my better wash my hands first
bathrooms right outside in the hall and
be sure to get under your nails you've
been mucking around on the dirt off oh
shut up woman okay I'll do a key please
yeah there's something weird going on
and I have no idea what it's it's it's
it's annoying me okay let's go upstairs
quickly all right let's see if what they
said mark was upstairs I want to see if
he's okay all right and why haven't I
seen him in such a long time since he
got shot by that arrow Oh Oh careful
careful
I'd be very careful why is the power
cable going towards this closet
oh oh okay what does this do power cord
Oh
oh it's going through the next door why
looks like a bunch of medical waste in
here
IV - saline what would dairy farmers
need with this kind of stuff yeah what
would Lanie with that kind of stuff is
there something in this door do you
think oh god we're coming in Oh God
oh look they're hiding something look
you can see the light from the bottom
don't tell me they did anything what's
that guy do not tell me they did
anything to my friend uh-oh guys guys
guys oh the music stopped Oh No
here
no oh no that's where they're getting
food from oh no no cheese no no no go go
go go Oh God
Oh God grab the gun drop the gun drop
the gun drop the gun grab the gun Oh God
it's people yes Lee it's oh no no no no
no no your suppers getting cold Lee
Jesus wish it kind of fires hey someone
Oh sit your ass down Lee this lady has
made you a meal Lally what's gotten into
you
oh oh hey can you sew goddamn manners
you're eating human meat it's crazy
you are scaring the kids Lee Lee what
the hell is wrong with you oh don't
indulge in Lily it's always something
with this guy oh no no no they're
picking us off to Treatise Mira es Co
mark is upstairs right now with no legs
Oh printe tell me he's not being eaten
right now oh my goodness what we're
gonna do this is awkward
this is the most awkward thing I've ever
seen it's true
I can't okay for you folks
Oh he would have died anyway we gotta
think about living all down honey
growing up in rural Georgia your talk
not to waste
oh it's how I was raised and how I
raised my bow oh now you got monsters
roaming around that do nothing but eat
people and for what so to continue to
rock till they eat some ol oh yes
that's not a very nice thing just random
find these hoes Andy is right we go
after folks who were gonna die anyway no
one way arnhem oh no oh no oh no oh no
oh no oh yeah mmm
Jimmy get your dog honey no nobody's
going anywhere oh no what am I gonna do
it's useful oh no what did we do we're
walking everyone everything will be okay
I'll kill you oh okay stay calm he's got
a gun
Oh God who's that was that mark oh I
think that was mark Mario game
oh my god oh my god oh my god no no I
will tell you it was a person ate meat
does that mean I'm gonna turn into
noclip it doesn't work like that
oh okay what'd I say kudos and time come
on dad knows nothing yeah what'd I do
wrong
you okay company okay they didn't hurt
you today oh this poor girl psychos have
my family we're stuck in a damn meat
locker right his father's go ahead fuck
out of here oh it's not them sell the
sucker was the one who brought us here
you all just calm down
don't be it's gonna be okay it's gonna
be okay all right
we're gonna get the hell out of it guys
all right trust me we're gonna get the
shit out of it oh my goodness we are
stuck in a locked room I mean there's AC
here Judy we're gonna we can break this
I'll break that down Georgia always
getting a hard time oh no oh god that's
my lambda actually yes and I'd give a
shit about him I kill him oh oh wait if
he dies and he's back in here God a
bloody toss she's gonna turn to a zombie
oh my god oh my god if he's dead but
he's dead he's dead
is that recommended you saw that poor
bastard in the motel a fast eater
yeah Lily I'm sorry I truly truly am oh
and in a few minutes we're gonna be
stuck in a locked room with a 6-foot for
300 seriously pissed-off dead guy right
now we'd have to keep him from coming no
oh no back at the drugstore when we all
thought duck would spit I gave him the
benefit of the doubt maybe we should do
the same now it was different
duck wasn't fit to come on we know this
guy's not gonna make it
aah what do we do guys it's got to
destroy the brain
oh we're gonna come on Lee you're right
about this I know you've got my back as
bad as waste juice is bad
god damn it me I need you only about me
alive
Oh God okay do we either help Lily or
help we can okay I'm gonna side Kenny
all right
Lily you're gonna die if you let your
dad just turn no no doing it he's gonna
throw his head but he was gonna die so
I'm sorry we couldn't take that chance
yeah we could dad you understand what we
had to do this Clementine Oh turn into
one of those monsters yeah okay I just
wanna hug gosh she's so cute but you
gotta be strong be strong yo girl I need
you to be strong okay something hopeful
like what like your parents even though
they're dead about your water target
those pretend talks with your mom and
dad don't those make you feel better
sometimes sometimes yeah yeah all right
Joe will get donkey found a way out I
have found a way out I just killed some
guy all right just go ahead all right
leave me alone Clementine oh I'm working
on it okay I don't know talk to anyone
how we gonna get out I'm guessing as the
AC right there ought to be an air duct
behind this unit yeah maybe big enough
for one of us to fit through yeah maybe
Clementine can fit through okay air
conditioner come off I think I could
take it off I had something to remove
the screws yeah do I still have the big
tool I do of course they took oh never
mind
there's something else we could use I've
got a rock you're gonna rock rock won't
help
Oh a coin
oh wait to look for a coin you're
thinking that larry has it on his corpse
maybe right Oh get away oh I just need
to told you to get the fuck away
I need a coin bitch Livia I'm sorry
sorry
don't fucking talk to me anyway just
stupid go Larry would have water fuck
you oh you think he wanted this of
course not
you don't know what he wanted you never
knew him you never gave him a baby no I
should have tried hard but I know he
loved you oh yeah this is sand we killed
her dad I think I may have found our way
out of here but I need something to
remove the screws on the air conditioner
if you had something I could use as a
screwdriver a coin yeah
no what about yeah yeah what about your
dad I know this is a terrible time hit
back at the motor area Larry Larry
mentioned something about keeping coins
in his pocket oh okay other words my
father's more useful to you dead than
alive if he was alive and had the key to
getting us out of here do you think he'd
keep it to himself
oh my blessing to loot of course you
have pretty monsters do what you have
yeah just give you the coins all right I
mean I don't want to lose you your dead
dad all right but I mean come on now
we've got to get out of here or else
we're gonna get out of it oh we found
his coins quarters all right and it's
cool cool cool we're going out there
guys we are getting out of this shit all
okay use the coins on this oh it's
working it's working it's working come
on we're getting out of there guys all
right this one now and that should be
here right they should calm down now oh
hey
we're doing it or summat I need you to
jump through this edit and save our
school you're brave enough I'm scared
it's alright to rule against reclaiming
time you held out for days you didn't I
saved your life that's right yeah that's
right
ok ok come on in come in time enough
messing around come on we gotta do this
you're gonna be fine it'll be fine
what do I do when I get out just go if
you can get to the other side of that
door and open it ok Oh
Clementine come on we're trusting you to
get ready get us out come on what's she
doing oh oh what's doing Clementine you
okay what happened
hello she did it
Wow anyone see you sorry I got scared
you gotta go we gotta call a home loan
wait I can see him oh just think about
say for God's sake lees didn't even get
to say goodbye oh poor girl
oh no guys we have to escape but should
we kill these guys I'm not sure I mean
it's not really like us to kill him but
what else we're gonna do oh look what
they're doing back here disgusting
so are they eating our legs because and
that's why that's who put the bear trap
at the beginning of the episode these
guys so they could catch human this room
Oh goddamn shoes slaughterhouse Oh as a
Hey look here we're gonna use this to
kill of all my brothers we're gonna kill
them let's go let's go close okay easy
stay close
grab the gun drop the gun it's one small
step at a time
oh oh oh what do we do what do we do oh
he's gonna hit
oh god I'm scared guys I'm scared to
look out no I don't know leave a man
come on come on come on we gotta go we
gotta go we gotta go we gotta go
gonna do it I'm gonna kill it no way I'm
gonna kill him get party yourself so
others can live
what it's not the answer
burnt the walkers eating enough about ya
gotta keep me alive if you kill me the
meat gets tainted you can't eat it
you're already tainted oh come on
Clementine I gotta look always be
looking at shit oh come on now okay
sorry about that Clementine
I'll she's scared of me now gotcha
oh god okay just
all right oh my goodness
oh sorry Clement okay well she just sold
me mad at this guy so I'm so scared guys
he's know pretty scary okay why is this
cake turtle scary Oh guys this baby's
got a whole long scary okay oh my Chris
that's what this whoa awesome bees
coming
oh no that's gonna make things even
worse oh no oh oh who's that
this is gold
Carly yeah sorry I've got named you guys
didn't come back something is up
yeah what can we do there he's dead
they've chopped off marks legs and tried
to feed them to us whoa kitty is always
going else do you have a weapon I don't
leave home without it good all right
let's go let's go let's go let's go in
to save them we just save a right good
job now come on guys let's go oh no it's
me
oh god she's over through my life yeah
make it oh no let's go go go go
okay okay I won't go any further
all right all right I just talked to
come on it doesn't have to end like this
think about what you do in like come on
you know don't you dare kill her okay
I'm not I'm not let it go
hold up the topics then can we don't get
me oh no go say please don't make this
any worse just go
just keep walking backwards just
I should go back towards the zombie oh
no oh fuck you people think you are look
at what you've done
you did oh we won it was a little gas to
keep ourselves safe and now you're all
dead whoa Oh No
although what to do to the generator Oh
what's he doing oh oh okay well that's
what happens when you die okay sorry
about that
Oh coach no she just watching me die oh
I hate this piece me
you can stop later I think you're fine
okay okay I'm just gonna keep on doing
okay
Leigh Leigh
okay all right don't you dare walk away
from me oh do I
oh no no just looking walk away
or do I want to get game alright we're
not gonna kill it
I just said I we weren't gonna kill him
but we just killed him okay I didn't
think okay all my bad guys alright well
I probably shouldn't have done that well
you know what there's no other youtuber
that would have that now okay so I'm
glad that I killed that guy all right I
don't give a shit alright he just did he
deserve to die
he was trying to eat me all right I
think I've got a good excuse of Kernan
alright
yeah but Clementine Sora and she's
probably annoyed at me oh okay well now
cuz there's no electricity now oh man
that's bad okay well what a crazy
episode alright I mean this guy these
people invited us to their house for
food and then they ended up eating one
of us alright so we made it out alive
alright Jesus Christ what what kind of
stress I mean this is the only episode
too and we need nearly door died alright
but it's cool okay everything's calm now
what's gonna happen now what's the next
plan alright we've lost like two people
because we crushed one of them hail in
the head I'd say I'm sorry I mean what I
wanna do right you know I'm glad you
showed up when you did
I'm taking that shattered Andy they
might not have gotten out of this room
were they really killing people oh yeah
I know right disgusting oh go to
Clementine ain't some yes she did
Clementine ate some oh that's my fault I
panicked and didn't stop Oh Oh God does
she know
oh he's not stupid Carly yeah she ain't
stupid Kocher managed to grab this while
she was in the house Oh was with your
stuff always the camera yeah I found it
while I was looking for the people who
shot mark okay why don't you keep it
sometimes it helps to have something you
can document your thoughts on okay
that's something dumb Oh what are you
doing I'll be fine I'm just not as young
as I used to be
huh go on ahead and give me in Li a
second Kenny are you okay there's gonna
be fallout yeah like Washington Lily's
dead
yeah that would imagine this yeah it'll
be fun yeah we will get over she well
she has she has to yeah exactly
better leader for us anyway oh damn
right I am loyal to Kenny listen that RV
back at the Motor Inn is just about
ready I've changed my mind I want you to
come with us when we leave oh yeah okay
yeah hell yeah we're a team man me and
you by taking out Larry before he turned
you saved all of us in that meat lock oh
that saved my family too
oh yeah I'd say you weren't oh uh yeah
yes they were bad man clean the tire God
how do I explain work and they were
gonna kill all of us they had to be
stopped yeah I was direct yes I think so
okay all right good we have this talk
that noise Oh
what noise sounds like a car okay a car
more strangers oh god oh god what's
happening
Oh abandoned car all right what's it
what who's caused this who's it who's
this person I mean this person was just
here right approach the car slowly okay
just make sure that it's not an enemy
hello guys what's happening all right
I'm a person the car and it's fine hello
anyone here they were just here yes they
were just here rock rap what maybe you
got to see this whoa shitload of food
and supplies back here whoa this food
could save all of us oh we're gonna take
it oh oh
no cuz we get a dad look you don't know
if these people are dead oh if they
back then we're just monsters who came
out of the woods and ruined their life
oh that's true oh car is it don't worry
about that duck it's all Clementine what
if it's not Oh Clem what if it's not
abandoned what if it is some Clem Oh
Clementine is never gonna never gonna
like me I mean I know I just killed some
people in front of us but she's never
gonna forgive me if we take it I mean we
don't need it right surely we can get
some other supplies right you're right
we shouldn't take this what did you get
some meal back there the rest of us
missed out on oh we have to take this
stuff oh um we've done enough damage
already true you mean by that
come on Kinney between this and the meat
locker you know what it means
fine suit yourself whoa rest of us are
taking this stuff what okay
oh we got in here so wait I'll look
there's more food in that box oh they
have antibiotics what else Oh see if
there's any water but uh oh okay here
we're still taking it okay well at least
Clementine doesn't hate me
oh wait but these poor people who own
this trout yeah I got it but I didn't
want to be in here could probably fit
Clementine oh oh she doesn't want it
she's good thanks ah whatever man
it's gonna get cold out eventually poor
Oh some batteries in one of those boxes
I thought they might work in your
camcorder oh yeah here you can have some
too for your walkie-talkie we
you're gonna want to see this what oh
it's the footage from the camera right
shit what I want to know what happened
mmm
oh they were watching us know who's
watching us oh no no no no no no guys we
are not safe anymore
someone's watching us oh darling baby
look at you look at you you need a mama
sweetheart we won't let them bandits get
you where we are
Oh things are the way they used to be oh
yeah
don't kill their own living you gotta be
afraid of the people I used to call
friends
where is little girl and it's got their
eye on that Darrin as long as they keep
getting food from them you'll be safe I
promise
whoa so what she knew all along but she
tried to say and that's why that guy
shut up oh shit okay next time what's
gonna happen next tires I want to know
what making is done pal ain't nothing
left
oh gotta get the hell out of here okay
Lee I need you to back me up on this
okay it's this all you got I told you
this town is tapped do you have any idea
how did you get all that oh we need to
leave all we leave is asking about the
farm last night not much crazy
don't starting to add up I need to get
to the coast
oh good huh we killed her dad we did
kill her dad things lined up better than
us at least Oh
folks you have all this shit figured out
Oh new people had when you're scared
sometimes this is crazy
I'm the one baby this group going I'll
go with this all out all right we can
sort this out I'll tell you what we need
to sort out oh we can't let one person
fuck this up everyone else oh my god
okay ladies German that was episode two
of The Walking Dead oh my goodness okay
I want to see what happened okay so I
chopped up his leg off all right good
everyone did that and I shot you and 87%
of people didn't shoot that girl okay I
didn't shoot that girl I helped kill
Larry away I would not not everyone help
kill Larry Oh God I killed both obvious
and John brothers only 17% did that and
I didn't steal okay well that was
interesting
okay ladies gentleman that was episode
two of The Walking Dead now I know this
is gonna be like a really weird series
because it's like one-hour episodes you
know per episode but like I want to try
and get it done in like as the least
amount of videos as possible okay so
yeah let's see how you guys feel about
this you know I wasn't too sure
uploading the first one but I think like
now like the perfect
time to play off all of them because
like the whole series is finishing and I
kind of wanted to you know do my own
version before that happened so I think
now is a really good time to but I'll
let you guys decide or I leave a like a
write 50,000 lines and I will continue
100% either way though thank you guys so
much for spending so much time with me I
love you guys who stay to the end
alright and yeah I'm excited for this
new let's play and I'll see you guys in
the next video man so they're the guys
but bye
