I wanna be the very best no one ever was
to catch them is my real test to train
Travel cross searching far and wide
fuck you mom you are understand
under in the
Oh
and so mesh yourself then started his
epic journey to become a successful
pokemon trainer he travelled very far to
his nearest polka stop to meet his local
professor professor willow mesh yourself
was very excited as he will now capture
his very first starter Pokemon how
exciting
my name is David Attenborough ah today
is a very good day to start my journey
to be a pokemon trainer
hang on a second where's professor
willow he said he'll be meeting me here
attention now introducing your local
professor professor willow hahaha hello
there mess yourself
I've been expecting you my name is
Professor willow I am here to tell you
all about the wonderful world and all
the fascinating pokemon that live inside
of it no it's very nice to meet you all
right calm down there boy with my help
you should become the most experienced
pokemon trainer yet whoa really
I'm gonna be a Pokemon more stuff you
can find pokemon pretty much anywhere in
the sky in the bush up your bum row
Pokemon fuckers are everywhere they
bloody well is if so mess yourself what
do you say are you willing to help me
catch all these Pokemon professor will
oh I'm bloody well enough to help I will
and so measure self was off after
meeting professor willow measure self
was now ready to find and try and catch
his very first starter Pokemon but the
question is is he up for the task and
what will be his first-ever Pokemon
don't ask me though as I'm more of a
Yukio kind of person more guys got
don't get down to doctor I've spotted
three different types of pokémon okay
there seems to be a squirrel squirrel
squirrel squirrel squirrel a Charmander
jaw and a third pokémon a Bulbasaur
male saw all this up there they all guys
and like that do you see them look at
the purpose or picture see right now
squirrels right next room oh my goodness
what his bloody field is filled with
Pokemon I tell you now the question is
what one do I go for do I go for
squirtle the badass mother truck do I go
for Charmander they're all so bad man
ass mother trucker or not go with
Bulbasaur which no one likes okay if you
pick Bulbasaur you're a piece of shit no
one likes Bulbasaur okay alright this is
a big decision
I'll have to think about it alright I
think I've got it I'm going to choose as
my first Pokemon a squirt squirt smile
grad class Bobby okay look there's the
squirrel over there okay click on it
this screw disclosed like that quick
quick quick
photographer group squirrel looking
dumping along the places through it Oh
again quick I got it Oh Oh
whoa would you look at that I caught my
very first squirtle look at him
he's just so cute hello Roo squad oh I
love you he's ok with you guys you are
who's a good squirrel who's your Twitter
congratulations mash yourself I am so
proud of you you caught your very first
Pokemon oh thank you professor Willa
I love my squirtle so much he's so
adorable ah my little boy has all grown
up okay we have caught our very first
Pokemon but that's not what I want I
don't want one but go to catch them all
so now let's continue a Pokemon
adventure
crikey we are now deep in the Safari
jungle and apparently there's pokemons
all around it bloody well is okay Marnie
it's crocodile mess yourself Dundee okay
guys there doesn't seem to be any
Pokemon spawning here luckily I've got
something very special in my backpack
that will bring out these pokemons you
see this guy's it's insects okay I spray
this everywhere and the pokemons go come
running they will quick we must splash
the incense everywhere come on Pokemon
Pokemon come to me but I won't slip my
hands off village yes I will ooh see
what I mean guys look what the Waterbury
shit is AK huh look look look
it's a bloody it's a Caterpie I got a
boy I told you man this Willis force is
the root cap boys is goodly catch it Oh
Oh God corn kinda boy Gator boy and now
that mess yourself knew all the basics
of Pokemon he then went on to find a
wild Pidgey bird and he was very happy
about finding it he named it piggy-wiggy
he was also very excited when he found
probably the most attractive Pokemon a
Jigglypuff boy what would I do if I was
alone in my bedroom with a Jigglypuff oh
boy I don't think you want to know her
bad very very bad things
no Jigglypuff oh I mean oh yes a Brandon
also got chased by something gold bat or
something but ladies and gentlemen
something very special was then found
probably the most rarest Pokemon in the
whole of the world wide world world look
look look look there's a view to right
there the only way I can get it is it by
going in the corner don't go good
opposed I think that what are you doing
but don't what are you doing it's just
about Kevon is No
think about it every night
spread my wings
oh my god smashing we look survive I
think I think of a plague adventure boy
smokeable thank you guys I was watching
if you want to see more Pokemon videos
lemon okay that's it enough talking
I want to be the very best they can see
your
