hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mesh yourself here back again with
another video
god dammit now today's video lays German
I am such big announcements okay I've so
much going on in my life right now that
I thought I would do something that I
really should do more and just sit down
and talk to you guys like to be totally
honest right now my life guys and the
happiest I've been in such a long time
and the thing is you guys don't even
know that you know I keep you guys in
the dark on so much stuff going on in my
life and I don't think that's what I
want from YouTube you know I want to
sort of share everything with you guys
so yeah this is gonna be a little bit of
a chill video to let you guys know
what's going on in my life right now now
the first thing that I want to say and
something that I really should say a lot
more is that I just love you guys I
think I take my life for granted
sometimes you know like I have an
amazing family okay I have amazing
friends okay and I have probably the
most best job ever in the whole entire
world okay I'm not a lot of people could
say they have all those three amazing
things and a lot of that comes down to
you guys you know the sort of support
that you guys always give me you know I
feel so I know it's woke up today and
felt so grateful for like just you guys
just watching all of my videos you know
you guys know who you are I like I I
really wish I said a lot more but you
you mean like a lot to me and if you
guys weren't watching then I wouldn't be
in the position I was today so uh yeah
it sounds a bit Safi but thank you guys
for just being who you are and just
sticking with me you know you're a big
part of my life okay and even if I'm
like a small part of yours that's still
pretty awesome okay now you may or may
not notice but uploads have been a bit
slow lately and I do this like every few
months or so I rethink basically the
whole channel and where I want to take
it in the future you know I think to
myself am I going in the right direction
you know is this the sort position I
want to be on YouTube you know and sort
of having this sort of like creativity
sort of like I don't know
rethink I
s reorganization so I sort of decided
I'm getting kind of like bored of doing
the same old shitty gaming let's play
content okay I want to like mix things
up a little bit so I'm not a person that
sort of does things rather than says
that they're going to do things but I'm
definitely going to be trying a lot more
new types of content to see what you
guys think okay I'm going to be doing a
lot more like vlogs and real-life stuff
okay
lots of skits live-action stuff you know
I'm gonna be I'm gonna be bringing new
games onto the channel we know like I
know so you guys may not think this is a
good idea but I do want to try some
minecraft videos only because like I
used to play it like back when it was
before it was cool you know before like
all the kids played it and like ruin the
image of it you know and I think I can
actually make it fun and enjoyable for
everyone and not just make it sort of
directed towards kids because that's
pretty much all mine from minecraft
content you know I'm going to be
bringing a lot of my friends on for
videos I'm going to be doing like GTA 5
online stuff with my friends you know
I'm gonna be bringing GTA 5 back like
I've got so many I mean we do gmod like
so much like stuff I'm gonna be doing
new on the channel so just be prepared
to sort of like see new types of content
on the channel and yeah you guys can let
me know if you guys wanted me to do more
of it or lessen it okay so yeah be
prepared for that so another cool thing
that's happening in my life if you guys
didn't know I am part of the new legends
of gaming tournament going on on their
Channel now if you guys don't know what
that is
legends of gaming actually sent me a
trailer to show you guys to basically
educate you guys on what legends of
gaming is it's a really cool thing no
I'm not imma gonna spoil it I think I'll
just show you the trailer so ya watch
this trailer and I'll see you guys in
like a minute or two okay watch it have
fun
hey guys just let yourself here and
today I have some very awesome news I am
going to be taking part in the new
series of legends of gaming sir
see them exhale oh no no no yeah this
series is going to be absolutely mental
and I'm going to be taking down some of
the biggest youtubers in a massive
gaming tournament so go check out their
YouTube channel down the scription and
also check out their Facebook Twitter
and Instagram oh this is some CIA stop I
am going to be facing mini lad syndicate
ldshadowlady master of smallish beans
Ashley Marie gaming Spencer SC murder of
Buffalo man truce JM X and loss is
champion ali-a I am going to be battling
master of in 1v1 standing up with him to
battle the other legends into V tools I
think we'll make a good team there is
also going to be a legends of gaming
live event on the 10th and 11th of
September in Alexandra Palace London at
this event you can meet me and the other
legends place of awesome games and also
potentially win some very cool swag so
if that sounds interesting to you go
grab your tickets right now links are
down in the description so what I want
you guys to do is to check out the first
battle I had with master on and leave a
comment with hashtag team mess yourself
to show your support
anyway guys thank you so much for
watching goodbye
oh no no go go go oh-oh-oh-oh
boom yeah one one one baby now doesn't
that look very good now to basically sum
it up it's basically a youtube channel
where I play other youtubers you know
it's a good chance for me to collab you
know play with youtubers I've never sort
of played before you know these are
youtubers that I sort of watch so it is
pretty cool to sort of like do stuff
with them you know so go over to their
channel and subscribe and sort of
support me okay it's basically a
competition okay know what you guys have
root for me and also like like they said
in that video I think trailer that
there's gonna be a live event in London
now I don't really go to many events but
if you guys do want to meet me and you
live in like London or gonna be around
in London at that time you know I would
love to meet you guys okay this is
probably like one of the best chances to
meet me I barely go to events okay so I
go to this one if you have been having
the dying wish that you want to meet me
okay know what other things can I talk
about well a pretty big thing
as you read from the title is that
measure self is going to be moving out
of this place that's right I've been in
here for like I like nearly two years
okay and I am finally moving out of this
place okay
now this was a long time ago but if you
guys happened to watch my setup video
which I made sort of like six months ago
I basically said in that video that I'm
creating my own office in my sort of
back garden and it's gonna be basically
this amazing man cave and I am planning
to move into that space in like this
month if the whole building is sort of
made but I just solved me to now fill it
up with stuff so like up loads might be
a little bit slow this month because I'm
sort of in that transition of moving I'm
sort of getting stuff together but I'm
still gonna try and get videos out there
for you guys so that's pretty exciting I
will show it to you in a sec actually
know what I'll show to you guys now okay
guys that this is my back garden okay so
it's nothing special
okay you should have seen it before it
was absolute oh okay
now this basically large building is my
like new office okay it's not as special
okay this is my garden okay it's nothing
special it's actually really small
because we had to build this massive
shitty building but yeah okay now let's
go in to the building and it's just like
 okay now now excuse me guys but
there is a lot of shits in here okay but
yeah okay so as you can see I've got
like a little bit of a kitchen area okay
I've got bikes that I'm gonna throw away
if I don't want to bike let me know over
here I've got my brand new fridge and uh
yeah there's no there's nothing in there
cuz uh cuz it's no you know okay so
there's a bunch of boxes I still have to
sort of get rid of but yeah the idea is
to have like a bunch of shelves on this
wall over here over here it's my 50 inch
4k TV yeah I've got a massive TV in here
and I'm gonna have a sulfur in here as
well and yeah I'm gonna just chill over
here you know how it is okay so the idea
is to have my desk pretty much in this
little corner over here alright so this
is where my new setups gonna be this is
where I'm gonna recording most of my
videos on the room to the left is like a
storage area now I'm gonna have all my
basically equipment I know it's a
mess okay but I'm gonna basically have
all my equipment like in this storage
area and the thing is I've actually like
done and like drilled a hole
okay so ever otherwise you're going to
run through there so it's going to be
like a silent wireless setup and oh yeah
lost but not least I've got my very own
bathroom okay with its very own toilet
ensuite okay welcome to a poo okay got a
window I've got a sink and also if I
ever feel smelly I've got my very own
shower okay and yeah that pretty much is
my office
uh guys so yeah this has sort of been
like an update vlog I don't really like
making these you know I usually have
this odd mentality of no one cares about
this Brandon okay it's about your
stupid life but in reality like a lot of
you do you know and I sort of take that
for granted sometimes you know some
people out there care about me so I feel
like I should share everything I'm gonna
be like this more in the future you know
this is what I want from YouTube I don't
want to be sort of like this person who
doesn't really share everything or share
like his personal life you know I want
to sort of share everything with you
guys I have a really good feeling 2016
is gonna be the best year of the channel
and I
just want to say like there was so many
more amazing things to come you know
like we're just approaching on 2 million
subscribers we did actually hit it for a
day but then like YouTube sort of
deleted subs but we are going to hit it
again soon
so like 2 million subs that's crazy you
know like I definitely take what I have
for granted so I just want to say right
now while I'm feeling in this amazing
happy mood that I just love you guys and
you guys just show me amazing support
and I'm so so so so grateful you know
like my life is perfect you know not a
lot of people could say that but my life
is perfect I'm so happy right now
life is good ok guys life is very good
exciting things to come
I just love life ok so yeah I'm gonna
end the video here thank you if you made
this far you're the best if you made it
this far you know who you are
like just love you I just love life ok
I'm gonna end the video here thank you
guys I was watching and I'll see you
very soon with more content okay love
you guys I love life
