hello everyone how is everyone doing in
this mess yourself and today ladies
German we are back with my two lovely
sisters candy hello Frankie she's so
excited to be here clearly okay so the
leg ladies you know we are doing the
accent challenge okay now we sort of
like tried this in a previous video
before didn't really work out anybody
Maura what do i well that's right just
like that right but I thought I would
dedicate a whole video dedicate to it so
we're gonna try five accents okay and we
are going to rate each other on who can
do the best accent everyone got the
rules Yeah right let's begin okay guys
the first action that we're gonna do is
Cowboys Frankie he's shooting first time
on a minute where's Brandon holy right
there little lady
I've been expecting you that's right I'm
now here is sheriff mess yourself baby
well how'd it their message there I
suggest you gonna leave this part of
town you half-wit
oh is that right well I reckon we should
have a little bit of a Mexican standoff
looks like there's new sheriff in town
sheriff candy electrum installs high
barrier than my normal is - ha ha Fanta
it really is
howdy howdy partner are you going down
for the wetness in Caloocan Frank would
you say that not me that's a little
beyond us full of navi by me city
slickers you I don't go that animo I'm
going to the hoedown tonight
rock think outdoor now I'm tired of
being wrong all those dudes are slow in
the saloon oh yeah a sassy girl
Yass been spending too much time with
them folks yeah trailing with that
moustache on that face well no all right
even out really come on boys she say
fellas
the next accent we're going to be doing
is the British build up a what so gotten
me top out boy nice and sturdy
I've got my uh my uh it was a jacket
gold panners ah hi fish fish no Jackie
on so uh I come go walk around at night
and know no one's gonna be an underwater
all right
no they will be a wiser oh yes I will
see you yeah yeah listen uh uh who's the
one wearing all this equipment I think I
know what it mean when it means and it
does all right we reckon you think this
accident celebrate confirm it goes oh no
no no cry here I've been a cockney gigs
all my life and I don't even know it
I was doing a sheet toss accent a shite
one a bloody sight one I've been doing I
have look cam one the next accent we're
gonna be doing remember tell you one
thing is a jamia
gone absent alright so I was born in
Kingston Town okay I would all me
brothers and sisters let me tell you one
thing my mama she will create the best
uh-uh-uh
dinner okay the peas and the rice
Mon we got the jerk chicken okay we got
that job me I can be rockin all right so
I have a bit of fun because some Morgan
up dog ganja oh it makes me wind down
alright I remember tell you one thing
right now
hola chicas my name is brown Mexican
mesh yourself and I would like to tell
you a story of how I came to be I came
in this country on a boat a small boat
okay but er I did not stop okay cuz I
had a dream I had a dream si that I will
come to America and make a mess on my
shell and maybe vermejo but it's okay
alright because I will make it one day
I will make Mexicano Master self koala
hola chicas
you like it huh am i how you said nice
yes yeah yeah I mean uh yeah I will make
it one day in the big city
I don't know it sucks it is anymore but
I mix it down one metric ton oh ah yeah
said what are you doing in these parts
mom I suggest you good huh yeah this is
not mejor anymore
he did not mail anymore I suggest you
get out here and sit Nick something eat
there's myself a heat on us Darko's real
Mexican food
yeah I got a dawn in orange a lot as
well
we'll have all the met on the food
tequila
okay I just want to be very clear
there's no race no race is involved okay
I said happy you know but the jewel no
no no race I said okay I is Yoli for
forum I say yeah you know americano I
must become americano so you see you
know I try to explain that no other
races and now I'm Italian okay I'm not
having the race teach I are sexiest I
just the right to do it okay
vamonos okay let's move on to the next X
and yes adios bye bye say dorita Cabasa
look at my cute little two sisters we've
got very exotic people on screen right
now we've got uh on my left
okay we've got my indian candy
welcome welcome and on my other side we
have the woody from China the Chinese
Frankie konnichiwa konnichiwa konnichiwa
Teresa no that's Japanese oh I'm a
bloody expert on the Indian accent this
is my my vibe I have like five of them
okay that's what we do in India okay
what is your name jasmine your party
this is my wife you don't appreciate
come on woman
what are you doing how'd you make me do
make me the bloody Jafar how many times
why go to San make me the chapati OD God
do honey ha my name is a sunshine let
yourself I am coming in here you know
you do video okay they don't get these
Johnny's got sick Hawaii okay guys I
thank you guys so much for watching um I
don't know what this video was okay well
I just thought I'd buy a bunch of
costumes and see if I can make a funny
video out of it
so um Thank You Canyon Frankie for both
coming on my videos yet again I'm I
leave a playlist of all the videos that
we've done before and I suggest you go
watch them because some of them are
really funny okay so yeah I'll bring the
on into for another video if we can
reach how many likes so any twenty
twenty thousand likes and my two sisters
will come along for another video leave
me a comment what sort of like challenge
videos or like what you wants to do in
our next family video ok anyway guys
thank you so much for watching and I
will see you in the goddamn next video
see later guys love you ok
okay guys the first action that we're
gonna do is Cowboys Frankie you should
do fast
I was Brandon would be acting that it's
ecology Jenna
I'll give this gallon Oscar right now
yeah yeah yeah this apartment god wordy
apart my god thing quote every little
team is gonna be alright
there's no worry y'all Mon shed already
mad at him about a sheen oh come on
respect many tower
nor warning about a team about a changes
every little thing every little Jim
Manggarai
oman member to the one being as all
right now respect on let me tell you one
thing are freestylin my phantom
