why are you creasing up
max you're here again max come out your
toy box okay now little baby
no max come out you need a toy I refuse
to play this shit but max haven't you
heard
well there is something very special
waiting in the achievement room Oh could
it be achievements me find out in their
next week's episode
behold baby it's empty
you know what max well this gives me an
idea why is it today no we're gonna go
now
kill myself okay so achievement number
one is wetter is better baby has to
drown 25 times get to the pool let me
get to the ball let me get to the pools
let me tell you one thing up it's in the
pool team we're gonna do if the breaking
dad achievement okay so now how you do
the breaking dad achievement okay is
that you open the microwave and put some
bloody pillars in it out no not you not
you no no what happens if you put a baby
in the microwave I cap to you then
multiply in so I take the pills I put in
the microwave food in the microwave
sure bloody start it up now I close the
microwave and put it for exactly five
six one do now by my calculations with
the power of a microwave it will infuse
with the baby pills to create the most
amazing yard we took me are they took me
formula three two
what baby - aren't you surprised but you
don't die after eating trash oh yeah
it's so with the baby can drink bleach
but when a dad tries to eat trash he
doesn't dump the next team all you're
doing is called ice ice baby and that's
what you guessed it the baby has to
freeze and die in the freezer okay baby
now the next achievement is called fast
and curious now for this achievement the
baby needs to crash and kill 15 times by
the car Murphy okay go ahead don't I
don't go and get a bad doctor turning a
Ganga Ganga yeah it's been without you
my dad please don't drive his car cuz it
will make me so sad babies
down get your bad ass downstairs or
better stop talking about my baby bottom
but I like babies asses especially when
I'm okay so now the achievement we're
gonna be doing now daddy okay it's the
fall race baby I'm a farm race baby
Google burger now the farm raise baby is
you need to keep eating me fruit my love
is feeding me fruit not eating me fruit
okay
feed me an orange there we go dad dad do
I eat it with the skin or not with the
skin will is this kid with this kid with
since they did it in this video game I
guess that's how you eat oranges yo
there's literally like a pint of water
in this orange okay dad
we have to do 25 fruits and that was one
what rude are we gonna do now
a classic threw a fruit which time has
evolved oh okay
here you go dad do I do I take off this
skin on this one right that's all
bananas work right that's not necessary
I mean you see you see how it works and
who's you daddy but baby just eats it
you want me to eat the skin probably not
advise but yeah it goes nothing dad I
hope you enjoy it
oh good oh I hope you're enjoying it yet
cuz there's plenty more of us to eat
okay baby now the next achievement is
the child prodigy one and that is where
you play 50 notes on the piano we all
know if I've got this I've got it in the
bag
oh really what if I proposed Timmy and
Johnny come over and witness a live
performance I can do this
ah good good your French is getting
bigger baby
so welcome to our Chef Masters kitchen
again I've been away for a long time but
I'm now bad okay today's lesson we are
going to be cooking a less ammo left
bullet which means our chicken in order
French and let's take up which means
stick stick on okay step one I take the
plate on the pan achievement maxi boo I
mean baby boo we need to cook 25 which
means Vaughn set on do it one time
Vasant
not the way to cook a good on stand babe
it is to wait well no and I did see
little baby the stick is now well done
ready for your face to eat you want to
eat a stick baby looks fun oh shit is
okay the game's over so yeah pickles
okay I'm no longer I said I quit my
Jonna
okay dad the next achievement we're
gonna be doing is the dirty daddy
achievement okay now for this one it
just says play with the strange rubber
object okay I don't know what it means
by play but uh hey
okay baby we have been spending all this
time to get these achievements are you
now ready weave God I'm finally proud of
you son alright calm down
erection oh okay well that seemed really
dirty like orange as well
