god I want to tell you about again
that's very special to me a game that I
grew up on and will always be remembered
as my favorite fighting game of all time
dead or alive dead or alive was ahead of
its time man it had one the most
realistic character models on the whole
of the PlayStation 1 unique moves
combinations and levels and soundtracks
that I will remember till the date I had
waited and waited for a new Dead or
Alive game after seeing how far
Mortal Kombat and Street Fighter have
become I can only imagine what take 2016
dead or alive game will look like I'm
ready
I am beyond beyond ready
Dead or Alive give it to me give it to
me
okay guys so today we are playing dead
or alive xtreme three fortune okay now
you guys probably wondering what is this
game about it's about a bunch of teenage
girls going on holiday that's pretty
much it now you guys probably don't know
this unless you've read the title but
you can't actually buy this game in the
West okay
they actually refused to do a Western
release okay so you can only get it in
Japan so I had to go on some weird
Japanese website spend like double for
it to get it and play the English
version let's just check out this stupid
shit first things first we have to
choose our character okay what a lovely
selection of beautiful ladies we have
because Japanese so me and I like
strawberry flavored belief aloo wash it
is Milly falou oh it's like this stupid
chocolate shit we have little 21 year
old Momiji from Japan Oh how's the
terrible German whore who take me to the
hand ocean and make me bah bah bah bah
bah bah bah hello okay yes nice no no no
play can you just show me the accent ah
he told me from Germany 20 years old oh
what would I do with a 20 year old
German in my
oh speaking of the French we have Halina
the 23 year old oh she loves walking her
dog I would love to walk this dog bitch
go ah we got a mary-rose from Sweden or
my Swedish girl Oh 18 years old okay we
are back with the Japanese 18 years old
she loves Pro Wrestling and cream puffs
oh my goodness what the hell
nationality unload 1,000 hello my name
is Kendall
we have Goro the Japanese 19 year old
girl with with the m16 okay and lastly
we have hey Danny I don't know which go
to Pig they all look the same and
they're all very young it's making me
feel uncomfortable okay now I do like my
older women but not women that are a
thousand years older than me so let's go
with Halina
so we're playing the game now she's
sunbathing
um I don't what's the story with this
game what about you do you want to play
with me what do you mean by welcome to
news that island this is the island also
known as newzik island wait you just
enjoy your 14 day vacation to your
heart's content this game is literally
taking teenage girls on vacation why am
I playing this okay here we go
we can either go to Nikki Beach tranquil
Beach the Sport Shop zakovitch rates or
the poolside okay we only just arrived
here so let's go to the poolside and get
some sunbathing in okay all right what
do i what do i do okay I can save
I can relax let's relax this is the
ornament with um I seriously just
watching the skull sniff this bloody
flower and now it's the afternoon
what what what what was the point in
that okay let's go in the pool okay
oh we have options that could actually
lead to proper gameplay we can relax no
no no okay listen your stupid bull
opping with Nile pen Jew okay this
sounds fun
okay we have gameplay oh shit this looks
hard
it's a bloody competition oh my goodness
we have a rival oh this game this wheat
okay no wonder why it did come out in
the West okay let's have a look at my
closet I guess okay so here I can change
my bikini oh I'd get myself a handbag
okay or an umbrella a dart set but it's
just like The Price is Right what what
the shit is happening
yes sure why not let's get a telescope
yeah sure or mr. moon look at mr. Muys
don't happy I kind of a fresh banana
what's that doing in my closet I don't
know or I am a head of cabbage what oh
let's have a look at that gift that Zack
gave us opening a watering can
there's my heart go on beating
what the hell is this okay let's go to
the casino oh let's play roulette I'm
gonna put all my money on red oh I'm
feeling lucky
right okay what are blackjack okay
welcome to the blackjack table what's
going on
I got a 414 I won but not polka okay I'm
pretty good at poker
oh shit what's go what's going on I
raised you I want okay I have a four
five six let's go for seven eight
exchange go one pair I lost okay let's
just go to bed I don't know what's going
on play but battle push your opponent
off her floating island with butter
tanks Oh what honey on our ass oh my
goodness bikinis falling off girl okay
should we stop playing with our butts
and fix your bikini I've got a bigger
ass than you oh oh my goodness huh a
bikinis like girls I would be careful
listen to me go your bikini it's winning
come on you could've at least showed me
a bit of DPS okay okay the last thing we
haven't done is tug-of-war sounds
amazing
okay total war oh shit all right dude oh
shit we both really felt weight said go
I was vulnerable there okay watch this
oh shit I found what is escape I see
bones and I let go God
okay I won but uh my bikinis falling off
day I spent like $150 on this game it's
my life so sad okay every go loves a bit
of shopping so let's go to the shop okay
in the shop we come by bikinis anything
else oh my goodness look at this bikini
700,000 of course they would make the
bloody smallest bikini worth the bloody
mouth was his lack of all trades more
shopping I guess my head of cabbage oh
and I can gift wrap it I will do it in
black yes
oh another knock on the door is there
gonna be another present okay I love my
watering can last time I can only
imagine what amazing present it would be
this time Oh a trumpet guys Japan Swit
I'm literally just watching this girl
lie on this bed
who has it dreams listen to me you alien
robot shit oh we could play beach
volleyball oh yeah this game used to be
a volleyball game the swedish girl and
the alien versus the japanese girl and
she hands when I did these oh shit
amazing game eh oh good yay volleyball
oh shit chin hit it goes out oh shit oh
shit
listen you stupid ah yes like that you
stupid ho who's that bitch like second
grandma stop I'm meticulous
I'm doing all the work guys guys this is
unfair who's just two against one
look don't show the Cameron huh she
didn't touch the pole that round oh
that's right go yes Oh Alan gotta keep
doing this cool
I don't know is this do I get rewarded
for beating these girls you like one job
you stupid rope
oh my spoink we must not mess up okay
that was easy
no this could be the worst thing that
has happened on this vacation the
cabbage cabbage let's go to sleep okay
oh no no no don't come on Zack don't be
a cheap bastard a houseplant guys I
don't want to play this game anymore
we have literally done everything in
this game oh listen girl where you going
where you going what's the point - bye
what's the point
you fool it's my favorite franchise ever
what's the point such a tiny tiny room
don't complain my house brothers die
Zack please give me something that won't
die in like one day cream soda can I
drink it I drank it all right I want to
try pour knocking again it's the only
thing that I did win all right come on
how hard could this be
a few inches later
oh yeah more gifts oh I have two gifts
from Zach hi lovely what's this one
another watering can and this one a
frisbee let's go home okay my vacation
is now over I cannot believe I trusted
that foolish man I'm through here I'm
going home
okay guys I'm gonna end the video here a
bit of a weird video today alright but I
thought I would try this out and figure
out why it is banned in the West but I I
don't know why okay I mean it's weird
well I don't know why it's banned okay
guys thank ISOs watching leave a like
let's try it at 10,000 if you guys
enjoyed and in like me trying out these
different video ideas and oh yeah Oh see
you guys in the next video man she let
it love you Baba
in the middle are happy that's a bargain
bitch taking grandma stuff imma taking
her stuff and I can't afford my bananas
