oh no no no no no no no hello everyone
how is everyone doing in this mess
yourself fair at the Dale Asian we are
back in again with laughs a strange baby
now today we are starting episode 2 of
life is strange better know ever since I
started the series everyone's been
telling me this game is amazing and
there is some messed up shit to come so
I am so excited ok so I will keep
uploading the next episode since we
reached 10,000 likes but yeah let's get
into it maybe in the previous episode of
life is straightened that got away from
me psycho
Oh little pieces what the fuck but he
could be talking about photography or
have you done something wrong
talk to me okay Victoria what do you
want max I see everything here at
blackwell do you understand what I'm
saying no and leave me alone
oh she's ChromeOS Warren this is between
you and me don't sold me X go on hey max
Chloe it makes perfect sense I'd see you
today
welcome home max whisper that's Rachel
amber her missing person posters are all
over black must be six months ago she
just left Arcadia is that a word without
me whole thing happened to her
wait is it grass weed tell me the truth
that's an order I didn't black out I had
another vision the town is going to get
wiped out by a tornado max tell me
everything I'm glad they're doing the
last time on life is strange because and
I don't have to do it snow soon if I
made it five more minutes snooze oh my
god let's see rotating I have that exact
same alarm Oh bummer the bump oh oh fuck
fuck
both whooping good luck with the book
book we don't put the book put it with
the book book oh that's a truth this the
goddamn show
if you click there boom boom boom I
don't find if in this dive in Duke mama
du Midi but do for dum ba ba buddy my
Loompa do nobody Barbara do boshy blob
out so my line buddy
boom ba da ba buddy buddy Oh laughing
strain ever so - attitude time we've
been out of time I could turn back time
Oh max I like your PJs yeah
there's lots of music montages in this
game it's kind of cool press space to
get up yeah get up max come on
seize the day don't go lazing around in
bed come on max we've got to save the
world okay this Arcadia is going to get
killed by a storm okay shut up everyone
only superhero is dirty work is it I
need a shower
oh yeah look at my room cool it max okay
sort it out I need a shower but where's
my shower oh okay take shower supplies
okay max let's hit the showers yeah it's
my shower like a purse before tonight
like now thanks Cherie oh yeah of course
Victoria I'll get the tests and papers
to you this afternoon I am so on it
consider it done what what's this look
at me
I am max selfie on the picture of a pole
why would anybody even care
I thought artists helped each other yeah
bitches haze Victoria's room should I
knock on it shine no turn it and then
run away not now run run run max run run
Hey look who's Alyssa remember last
episode where someone threw a thing aha
Oh no way did you get hit by a toilet
roll Oh someone comes out the toilet
look why are you gonna be mean to Alyssa
poor girl don't so mean aye sir stop him
Warner Alyssa can you stand over there
um okay max if that makes you happy oh
oh shit
Wow now that was close thank you much oh
I did a good thing but I'll
there's action when our consequences
sorry guys she's going to have to get
hit with the toilet roll I'm sorry guys
okay I'm the mean guy I'm sorry okay
okay here let's go have a shower Jesus
Christ is someone gonna pull a prank on
me in the shower there's Kate Kate
remember last time okay uh bloody
Chloe's dad was bloody taking dirty
pictures of this girl okay hey Kate Kate
how are you doing you okay I'm here
thanks again her standing up for me
yesterday he's so good I needed that
Oh anytime that guy has issues yeah he's
crazy he's a bit of everybody here by
the way max do you still have my copy of
the October country uh what oh yes of
course it's great so far
I didn't realise Bradbury was such a
poet can you please bring it back to my
room this morning I just need to take
some notes for class absolutely I'll
bring it by later Oh what's wrong with
this girl guys
okay I've a feeling that's something
wrong without I remember someone throw
no to her saying that's did a bit of a
porno okay so uh some dirty shit going
on hope she doesn't do anything nicely
okay shit all these things that we will
find out in the letter Oh shower suit
what do good I'm sorry guys okay
but uh but um um what guys oh yeah like
a strange uh know what huh what's up
Kate
oh no the bullies Victoria you touch it
you know fucked up that video of you
clubbing didn't look like homework
oh the poor no Victoria that wasn't me
oh my god right what don't be shy
I think it's awesome you set a tongue
record on video yeah sorry someday Oh
I'm sorry you're a viral slut hey I'm
sure she had fun looks like it I know
Nathan hooked her up and you know he has
the good shit preach it sister preaches
his stuff breathe easier I still have
got him paint all over my face oh shit
max selfie thought she was a badass
taking that picture I should have beat
her down that was so uncool shit she's
jealous because mark mr. Jefferson
knows I'm going to win the everyday
heroes contest he thinks max is a joke
oh I'm in a joke look at max you so sad
she's a weirdo with that dumb camera
nope I hate that I'm so quirky crap
anyway let's leave the link to Kate's
video so everybody gets a chance to see
her in action why would you read me such
an evil biatch
I love it no you don't she's a bitch nor
the biatch don't act like she's a cool
girl
okay guys I hope she dies in this game
are they are they wrote that the link to
the porno and the on the on the on the
bloody window Mirror Mirror no window
yeah that's so mean how good girls be
such bloody bitch Chisholm I hope no no
no you go the lightest immobilize okay I
know let's go I better get dressed and
go get fat Kate's book message arrays -
even if I can stop one person from
watching it it's worth it yeah good
action will have consequences hey Soph
do I look like I can Rachel's the hole I
can't rub that one out though oh man
that's sad don't bully especially girls
okay that's the worst okay let's go back
to my room I don't know what I'm doing
now oh my goodness look at my room it's
such a mess ah
no fucking way wait what did someone
like Oh nobody not why I came to
Blackwell crappy I still have to clean
all this crap up oh yes after I find
Kate's book that listen this is bloody
illegal max okay I now know what this
games about we must kill all the bitches
in this school Oh
at the book of course she just spilled
soda on Cates Oh No
if only I could rewind time okay move
that shit begone foul soft drink be God
okay now hi a sneaky book young Mickey
little shitty book okay reads books
nowadays now I can finally take this
back to Kate before I'm late okay we
should probably get this book back to
Kate okay
private number text message you're slow
mouth shut about everything well I'm
coming for your ass I know where you
sleep scary oh oh shit should be no I'm
getting anonymous threats never ends
this has to be from Nathan all should be
but it could be anybody it could be
anyone
I better be doubly careful around here
or I could be in serious danger
okay Kate's room look Nick Kate how long
you in there yes I'm here
come on in maths okay oh good okay I've
got your book oh she's in our room
crying she plays the violin kid are you
okay
um hey Kate I brought your book Oh max
why did you step in between David and me
yesterday
well I hate bullies I hate boys David
Madsen should know better I was hoping
he would
but it's nice to see that you care about
me Kate I actually do care so what's the
story with you and David yeah well he's
a total paranoid ass
he thinks I'm part of the vortex Club
well yeah right
oh should I ask about the porn video no
no no no no no did you party with them
did you party with them I went to a
vortex club party against my better
judgment oh not my scene at all oh you
know how humiliating this is for me okay
I know this sucks Kate but tell me about
the video and maybe I can help
basically I went to one vortex club
party and ended up making out with a
bunch of people no and I have no memory
of it oh shit she got drugged
she got drugged I'm telling you she got
drugged haha doesn't sound like you
that's awful okay that's awful so how
did that happen yeah it's a long story
someone drugged my drink I'm still
trying to sort it all out you have to
tell me more than that
what happened at the party did you drink
I swear to God I had one sip of red wine
and then I drank water not enough to get
wasted not enough to get wasted is it I
don't get wasted ever huh I take a sip
at church and I don't end up on a viral
video okay
did somebody drugged yes I remember I
remember getting sick and dizzy online
then Nathan Prescott said he would take
me to the hospital
oh it was Nathan Nathan Prescott drug
bloody Chloe when she went out oh my
goodness
Nathan Prescott oh shit he was being
nice for a change when he offered to
help me boys or not he's the opposite of
nice exactly what next
but next all I recall is driving for a
long time and I woke up in a room I
thought it was a hospital because it was
so white bright oh oh I'm listening
somebody was talking to me in a soft
voice yeah I thought it was a doctor
until I heard Nathan and felt a sharp
sting in my neck
drugs and and Oh No Oh had and that's
all I remember
right I don't know what happened I
believe I woke up outside my dorm room
the next day I didn't have any marks or
bruises but I felt gross so who took the
video of you at the party
Oh shitty I have no idea probably
Victoria she was there being her mean so
thick tall he's escaped I'm sorry this
is this is serious shit see when we get
a viral video taken down haha
I know it's already spreading what if my
church sees that oh no I need to know
what to do Kate we'll figure it out I'll
check back later okay oh okay thanks max
you can put my book here near my bag oh
that's so mean
so someone drugged this girl probably
Nathan okay cuz we know Nathan drugged
bloody chloe and they've tried to bloody
Dodger did piece ha that's not funny
okay but I'm trying to make light of the
situation okay I didn't realize this
game was so deep and dark okay I thought
it would be a happy school Nitori
can I ask you a question awesome and
please be honest yes absolutely k9
anything I need to find out if Nathan
Prescott helped me or hurt me after that
party he hurt you should I go to the
police oh very much of a big decision
for me okay okay
I was worried okay I was worried that
okay I don't think it should be good to
go for the police we need evidence okay
ever done if you do that they won't
believe you oh wait no you're on video
grabbing it all those guys and though
you said against you know mad no I
should have but I know I was child oh
that's what you have to prove not then
okay I'm just telling you how the cops
in school will look at this I'll regret
it the video doesn't exactly back you up
make me feel so hopeless Oh
hey I just don't want you to get hurt
anymore that seems impossible at this
point so that's your answer or I think
we should wait there are other things
going on that might help you but not
right now so I can walk down the halls
with people calling me a viral slut
only thanks back no Gabe oh shit oh shit
I was thinking yeah let's go find the
evidence not hello good job dr. max she
didn't like what I had to say but she we
need more proof of what happened shit
okay
I'm gonna go with my guts okay okay I'm
not listen listen Kate okay I know I
sound like a bitch but I will make it my
life goal we've got a new life goal
no more killing Victoria we must find
evidence okay Nathan I'm gonna beat the
shit out of you you think you could go
around drugging girls I will save the
day me and Max will save the day
okay Chloe would you text me about you
are evil uh 40 minutes or else max food
to Wales see you there
don't hurt your fingers texting yeah
breakfast a lot of smiling emoji and
then she says don't post memo jeez you
stupid girl even with all this crazy
shit going on it is so cool having Chloe
back in my life again
oh I know like no time has passed shit
okay
I think that was a bad decision but I
think I think I made the right decision
they make you feel bad for choosing the
right decision fine no one right come on
I am miss yourself I'll make all the
right decisions okay so I think what I'm
doing now is I'm meeting Chloe for
breakfast so uh let's go there another
text from a private number this is
Nathan's father this is a message to let
you know that attempts to slander and
blackmail my son will be met with many
lawyers and legal ramifications you're
not the first JUnit Blackwell to try
this I hope you're the last consider
this a final polite warning listen you
said your son is out bloody max Owen
over here Warren it's off Warren I don't
want to talk to you fine what are you
doing here yeah what do
nothing waiting burn oh oh I mean I
already took the call anyway I wanted to
rap about that action yesterday oh yeah
oh yeah he got hit in the face by Nathan
oh shit uh thank you it was by the way
thank you for stepping in you were
pretty badass for that I owe you
oh yes you do I got knocked on my ass by
that dick I'm some personal superhero
yeah you're a real everyday hero you
stood up to a bully and it was awesome
oh you left him with said bully and ran
off with that girl
she's pretty punk rock how do you know
her oh shit shall I just a pirate what
okay let's call her a pirate just a
pirate I used to know
oh you're glad to see your blast up in
that truck like a rock star which begs
the question why is Nathan Prescott
getting psycho on you all shit listen
Warren okay don't get involved this is a
woman's job he's dangerous I don't want
you to get involved get aboard
you got me there but lay low Nathan
press card is going to get his karma
soon yeah you're fucking weak won't like
that bizarro snowfall yesterday
oh yeah gonna dystopia that driving is
having a seventies Planet of the Apes
marathon let's go wait listen listen
listen listen Warren okay shut up no I
don't think I can concentrate on going
out to the movie just shut up okay I
just feel like escaping yeah fine be a
damn dirty human what I'll go eat myself
listen Warren okay I don't like you okay
I'm sure Warren's a nice guy but I'm not
falling for it okay now some of you buys
guys me like Brandon Warren's noise be
friends with him being boyfriend no okay
this is a woman's job okay I am the one
in control of this story a bit talking
to Nathan cannot be a good thing oh this
has something to do with Kate his
Nathan's over there a charm
Rachel wait who's Rachel Rachel's the go
who went missing right wait do you think
Nathan
kidnapped Rachel I don't even want to
think about that I don't want to think
about that
oh hello bus driver m'lady tips fedora I
take the school bus maybe this is high
school can you guys let me know in the
comments if this is high school or
college okay I don't know I'll shit my
tunes again loony bin der dum de dum de
dum de dum the billeting the donut donut
them them them do it max is on the
school bus drive then to have some
breakfast with Chloe
don't interrupt me while I'm singing
because my singing is better than yours
homie no doubt a bumble Denver done bong
bong rounding is amazing Hillbillies
down I'm a good single clap everyone
everyone's like camping in the comments
oh no the songs not over okay all right
here am I gonna go meet Chloe now or
what
talk about going back in time well the
diner looks exactly the same
oh shit the diner looks exactly the same
so now I think this diner is where
Chloe's mum works I think okay I think I
saw that somewhere in the house oh man
that smell of breakfast and sound
clanging silverware yeah makes me feel
thirteen again makes me feel fourteen
again howdy
close okay matches in the building
coming in for some breakfast where's my
baby girl uh Chloe at homee let's go see
Miss booth girlfriend I'm a hillbilly me
hillbilly oh sure yeah that's Chloe's
mom I think I think that is oh shit that
eyes I mean I'm not looking
I'm not a pedo like that like a husband
and there she is
lovely young woman how are you doing
Matt hi Joyce Julie it's nice to see you
again
you look the same hmm like I'm still a
waitress at two whales after all these
years
oh you still look pretty oh nice save
kid
you're still smart but not that smart
now you get busted for smoking pot oh I
heard the whole sordid story from David
oh I'm sorry this was how you had to
meet him he's a good man
no matter what no he's not he's a Peter
yeah I'm sure I don't even smoke
ya ever it was almost an accident Barry
took the blame
I'm sorry smoking the weed it surprised
me fierce I was hoping you could be a
good influence in her life now all right
I will be promise listen your daughter I
know things were hard for you and Chloe
I feel bad I didn't call now my folks
are in Seattle and I'm all alone at
blackwell oh it's my Karma yes you did
the right thing you moved forward with
your life I did after William passed on
Oh Chloe Chloe chose to stay angry
anyway I hope we see more you Chloe
needs an old friend again oh now finish
your coffee now finish your coffee girl
she's like a he'll be straight from
Alabama I'm probably offending it some
people right okay cuz I'm here baby
I can hear your stomach rumbling from
here man
waffles here you'll love this oh man I'm
drooling like a babe when I like a baby
I can't believe you're a woman when I
look at pictures of Chloe ah hmm
speak of the devil Chloe okay hey sister
oh I pass oh my man Shakespeare
customers and Chloe looking for a free
meal put your whole damn College Fund on
your tab I'm sure Chloe
oh are you atoning for yesterday oh god
mom please do not give Maxine shit for
that she apologized to me I know she did
max is a good girl a woman she's 1880
too old to get lectures from you or
Sergeant Pepper David if you don't want
to be Lexus
you only get one damn slice of bacon a
day huh don't give up okay there's still
the same
another reason to blow this town Oh what
is this shit on the jukebox
yeah put on so mad hillbilly Tunes Nami
oh shit
wish me now that that's out of the way
burger burger boy don't move Malcolm go
see stuff
let's talk about your superpower oh you
don't have any explanation and I can't
explain why I saw that crazy fucking
tornado language yeah that's just a
daydream I want proof you can be one
time you want bro this is all happening
so fast
we'll start slow right here now Oh
shitty mm-hmm I can tell you every
single thing you have in your pockets Oh
x-ray vision dude I don't even know
what's in my pocket
let me see okay max impress me okay I'm
supposed to memorize it apparently
okay max study every item carefully and
don't forget assume we have a panda key
we have cigarettes we have four thingies
we got one set coin five cents coin and
a quarter dollar oh my goodness how the
hell am I gonna remember all this shit
okay and she's a parking ticket from
10:30 oh my gosh I just take a picture
of this okay
let's rewind time I think I remembered
what what's what they show
so this is me telling me what's inside
your pocket okay okay max I'm hella
ready so mom okay first things first you
have cigarettes I'm pretty sure you have
cigarettes on you okay yes you know I'm
a smoker but how many cigarettes oh shit
I can't remember there is seven
cigarettes seven cigarette I think a
superpower that allows you to count
cigarettes cool amazing I don't know
something else in my pocket um your keys
your car keys okay oh uh way too easy I
need details describe my keychain
um um panda a cute robot panda keychain
oh not bad Super Max yeah you do have
that Irish look good Irish your local
area I've got a bit of an Irish look
you've got parking tickets and money
morning hmm
so some money clearly I'm rich as fuck
how much do I have Oh shitty okay she
had six pennies uh five cents and three
quarters eighty she had 86 okay 86 cents
I think that's right living large in
Arcadia Bay yeah so that was cool show
me more come on you why do you believe
anymore parking ticket I can ticket you
know me well but what is the exact time
I was busted Jesus Christ she got busted
at ten thirty four there it is 10:30
10:30 oh I'm Julia max can tell time
yeah look at me being small we're not
like blow your mind oh my god you're
right look at our face amazeballs
oh nice little I just got chills all
over my neck my god amazeballs you have
powers yeah you know you know I'll take
that crap off the table Chloe oh sure
mom sure mom mom come on mom mom food
max it's a tournament I mean it's good
very good save it's not good man I'm
hungry like the wolf clearly liked the
war like the freedom piggies I'm
freaking out about what just happened
you you have to show me more something
way cooler so I will believe you without
any doubt okay Jesus Christ why conduct
the future no way yeah I
the future yeah pay attention to
everything that happens in the next
humor for goodness sake you dazzle Chloe
with your mad power okay she says what
she waved to me okay
Stoops oh did you break another caution
really the glow refill for you okay now
I gotta take this call leave my
breakfast hey where is my partner Oh
police car
I don't slap me bitch oh shit you're
Fight Club outside is a fight he started
it
I'm finishing it Jesus Christ
something's going on in that literally
one minute that I said I will show okay
anything anything else look alive we run
time now Oh
- pop stirs here the hell better than
that other the true Pope spoke okay I
think our jukebox is headed for Davy
Jones's Locker anything else is gonna
what are you waiting for
okay now I can be one time okay free one
time all right I'm going to predict four
events that will happen in the next 30
seconds or so oh okay um um the trucker
drops his mug the trucker drops his mug
and Joyce rips him a new one
yes so what happens next then a lot on
cops radio and um um his partner leaves
I think the cop gets an emergency alert
on his radio and his partner in the car
leaves without it oh well let's just see
how this goes yeah that's right
then Justin and Trevor fight and Joe
spit no and Joyce stops them okay Justin
and Trevor are fighting Ian Joyce breaks
it up yes he's getting good can't wait
to see what happens then
jukebox goes crazy as a cockroach crawls
on it um I think that's the right one
the jukebox goes crazy as a cockroach
cross on it already bizarre Oh max but
let's see if everything happens like you
said oh let's see yeah see if everything
happens okay
come on Oh wave okay first oops thank
you break another cup oh really oh my no
refill for you Oh Shh now I gotta take
this call
leave my breakfast hey where is my
partner
oh you're called it these obstacle
busting scares ya you're a dick slap me
which takes your Fight Club outside whoa
started it I'm finna Trevor and Justin
must be in love
oh the Cocteau speaking to the cockroach
on the new book I did pledge allegiance
to max and the power for which she
stands yeah yeah baby this isn't a toy
Chloe I do have to be careful how I use
this crow fat of course it's a toy the
best toy ever it's loading anyone with
no strings attached rewind time and pull
it never happened
grow up maybe you made a move on me and
I would never know yeah yes that's what
I did yeah you can rewind time max
that's fucking insane we have to play we
have the burden of time you did not just
say that
I don't have time okay check out your
nose so much blow whitewall hey are you
okay what you much excitement see what
happens when we hook up again then let's
go to one of my secret lairs holy test
your power you need a sidekick to guide
you okay girl wonder show me the way to
Chloe
shit notably that's not safe okay guys
you should not tamper with time okay
time is not something you should mess
around with okay super girl let's go to
my secret place
secret place yeah don't even answer we
have places to go and but a good be bike
mommy come on before mom starts some
more shit let's fail it's Kate Marsh
from Blackwell what you don't call me
once in five years and now you're all
over some biatch you see every day at
school don't go look Missy how you roll
so go ahead chat up Kate Marsh from
blackwell I've got other people to hang
out with too no oh come on
guys I wanna answer no I don't yes I do
I wanna have some I'm sorry okay hey
Kate
what's up please don't let your best
friend get in the way okay what's the
matter
I promised Kate I won't forget what I
swear just do your homework and don't
stress I really don't think we should go
into this right now
I'll call you later okay what what what
don't forget what don't forget what
thanks maxing shocking rather chill with
Kate please go ahead you're ridiculous
yeah you're ridiculous I'm chilling with
you okay for now let's rock why is she
getting so fussy over a stupid phone
call
stupid little Chloe all right is it
sucks at Chloe and Joyce got into an
argument Chloe and Joyce got into an
argument
I don't care why I would ruin anything
oh my goodness who is that who is that
beautiful is everyone happy the part of
this game where are we going oh she
wants me to show short she's showing me
like a secret place what is this place a
junkyard I thought this was going to be
some cool hangout area not that bloody
shitty hope oh my goodness is a ray
keep up how many times are you going to
get pissed at me this week that depends
on you and how well you do in this phase
of the test uh-oh
stop testing me to American rust my home
away from hell
it's disgusting and rough it suits you
business you know how awesome this is
I get my best friend back and she's also
super-sized we don't know for how long
exactly why it's time to have fun
um okay Barry wait your weight girl what
are we doing that
are you kidding oh shit the gun after
yesterday I'm kind of over awesome so
freaks me out that you have one don't
you trust me
yes but not that gun yeah you have more
power than an army don't be scared of my
little toy I am scared sides we need it
for the test it's a bloody drug gun
drink yuck you are so cute you haven't
changed a bit
I am cute and kawaii okay let's do this
can you find five bottles while I prep
the shooting range oh shit
beer guns nice combo you can handle it
now go find us five bottles pretty
please okay is this meant to be gameplay
okay I'm just gonna find the bottles and
then skip this looks like a graffiti
museum for Chloe and Rachel oh shit I
bet I can find out more about Rachel
here oh shit
bracelet that kind of hurts uh Chloe and
Rachel bracelets oh that does kind of
hurt what's this
I can't be Holly playing with makeup Oh
Chloe mix tape whoa whoa Rachel songs
I wonder if Chloe would ever make me a
mixtape oh it's so kawaii they really
were besties oh I could have been me
instead of Rachel oh this is so sad
everything of us gets just so sad oh
there's another bottle okay what's this
I want to die I want to die
geez who wrote this wrote Dodd that's
scary
what's this so Rachel did go to a vortex
club party Tex Club this flyer is dated
right before she disappeared
whoa Chloe was here Rachel was here now
we're officially a trio oh shit we just
have to find Rachel max was here ah shit
I don't think we should do that
but I don't know I wanted to do it
because I know in our officially it will
lead to something funny okay it's a bad
decision I know but I want to do it on
purpose
there we go fit bottle baby oh yeah I'm
so smart okay let's go shoot these box
wallah now I can deliver this bottle
booty to captain claw bottle booty how
hilarious hello you bloody gate how you
doing I got back thanks max now let's
shoot off these bottles bang bang bang
bang okay calm down brother one bottle
three bottles of beer on the wall wait
Bob underbid okay boom let's go serious
about this we're gonna shoot these
bottles without wasting a single bullet
what Oh wasting max you have to help me
aim uh-oh
how can I help you aim show me the way
max go on shooting I need to see you
shoot first oh okay well um turn back
time I guess okay listen stupid girl aim
more to the right no okay show me the
way that shoot to the right aim a bitch
of the right yes sir yes sir
okay oh did you see that shit I did see
that's it well that was so fucking cool
that was so now for the second bottle it
was gnarly
yeah masculine balls soldier get hold
the trigger
oh okay shoot it then oh shit
move it up you stupid gulp okay rewind
time with a little bit
where do I aim aim up am slightly above
ma man a night between me eyes
rabid you in the - oh shit though watch
out Nathan watch out oh what no that is
fun no one should pump up the volume and
find me another target alright gonna get
creative shit man
she's I don't trust her with that gun
okay I do not trust her with our gun
shoot at that thing on that let's take
out this wheel rim on your left that
we're winging of the wheel rim now
rimjob I mean what sure oh oh my
goodness this is so dangerous hello yes
nope it's open or nice shooting Tex
yeah now that's what I'm talking about
satisfied
like never so I want one more uber cool
trick shot how about using that junker
for a target drink short alright shoot
d dude I need a target before I shoot
shoot the bumper go ahead a real dent in
that front bumper above goodbye cruel
bumper
bye bumper gun yeah hold on Chloe yeah
oh yeah I could tell that dog I need you
for one good every one time okay it's
okay all right
now how about you don't shoot the bumper
how about aiming for the left tire yeah
adios spinning wheel are they all
spinning wheel oh oh shit oh shit
yeah Hoover cool
uber cool man are Nardi handshake me my
best friend is a superhero now it's your
turn to bust a cap bust a cap in yo ass
homie oh I don't know go ahead a foot
tiding back max your nose town I don't
feel so super Oh Maxie boom okay so
where we left off last episode you know
uh max uh was talking about time so much
I do and she didn't feel super and then
she goes in the brain for cyber bullying
and that's where I did last episode and
now we're a new episode but everything
was okay cliff hangers you love them
okay I don't think it's healthy to be
turning back time all the time it's
dangerous man you shouldn't mess with
dime okay max you okay come on stop
being such a pussy cat you freaked me
out there do you feel any better now you
okay
a little thanks for helping me just give
me a minute
shit man too much action for Arcadia I
already know this is kind of fun
scared stupid but fun they say you know
when you feel oh I don't like this power
really messes with my head how do I feel
normal
it's not healthy max you tired of Chloe
go chat up Chloe
sure okay looks like you're ready to
lock and load
okay can we go home now oh okay I don't
know about this are you afraid of
getting in trouble
what what Robin what are we doing Oh
boohoo max is afraid I'm gonna fry I
know you can handle this and I'm here to
guide you make me proud whoa what are we
doing Oh boys that was awesome and
Louise where is it Bonnie and Clyde
excuse us Frank oh oh sorry Chloe thank
you
don't let me get in the way of your
bonding I heard the gunshots in the
breaking glass oh oh it's cute you're
playing with guns just like me at your
age
we're not anything alike man I don't
trust need money in fact you need it so
bad you owe me a shitload nacho huh
you'll get your money don't they all say
that you know even when they're broken
acting tough you see the one what are
you hiding there girlie oh oh let me see
oh oh shoot him
where did you get that bracelet a friend
and it's none of your goddamn business
you're my business now Rachel's bracelet
why the fuck we wearing her bracelet Wow
yourself alright it was a gift
no it wasn't you stole that shit give it
to me right now and shit you better step
back
for you agretti got night I mean it I'm
gonna cut you bitch don't call me a
bitch
shoot him please oh please go back but
good put that down
I will not put it down you put that down
homie show them Oh hilarious
oh yeah oh I'm not a kid I'll remember
you almost shut oh shit you wish I had
no memory because I never forgot oh I'm
gonna regret that no I'm not
you have until Friday to pay me haha
don't ever pull crap like this again
it'll be the last time you do oh sorry
bullets next time brain Ian so he's the
guy that she owes money to was it like
three grand or something sorry she I was
gonna shoot him you are awesome
thanks for standing up for me standing
up wait friend let's blow my secret lair
didn't Oh secret today this Frank is
gone he won't fuck with us again he just
wants his money shit we owed money to
this guy Jesus I almost shot this guy
and now he'll be more dangerous to Chloe
in me I don't care
okay I'll regret it but I don't care
okay it's funny imagine I didn't know he
was gonna before a lock we both need a
time up okay let's go for a bit of a
walkies huh everyone loves a bit of a
walkers so kawaii I still can't believe
you pulled a gun on Frank that was epic
I was funny I felt awful I'm glad there
was no bullets in there just rewind I'm
on your hand and stick that barrel right
up Frank's ass you have the power gross
don't fall oh shit
oh we're holding hands we're best
friends
I'm just glad you were here me too it
Chloe why the hell are you hanging
around scary losers like friend all
right and why do you all enjoy it is it
draw the circuit breaker now to
marijuana smoking that weed how do you
feels like a different world huh drink
run
I wish we could stay forever oh it's the
perfect moment for best friends is it
safe to be sleepy build another pirate
for it and keep the world out on we need
a new secret hangout at least Frank
wouldn't find us are you okay max this
is guys do you think it's safe to be
hanging out in this train tracks I'm
pretty sure I saw a train come here
earlier okay I'm freaking out I'm still
freaked out about what happened that was
a big fool Chloe I'm sorry but Frank
isn't as hardcore as he runs only cares
about his his cash stash and mangy dog
as always did you see what just happened
I almost shot him I wish I did I know I
could rewind but Chloe this is not
playtime no more guns yeah I know
crazy shit is the new normal for me yeah
that's why I planned to leave Arcadia
Bay without paying Frank off oh shit
tell me exactly what's going on between
you and Frank does he have a last name
Frank Bowers he's just a dealer when I
get my visa the way your joint remember
anyway Frank and I kind of hung out okay
hung out what do you mean up hung out
you don't mean you know we didn't have
sex
Oh gross I didn't think diver even tried
I just made the mistake of borrowing
money so Rachel and I could bail out of
here Oh what no I want to know how Frank
got Rachel's bracelet what do you think
Oh shitty my brain is fine be careful
Chloe I think we have to be careful
don't and keep an eye on this guy we're
not in the sky without him eyeballing us
okay I'm so weird talking to you about
this insane craps in sight we haven't
hung out this much since we were tweens
it's like no time has passed Oh first
Rachel was here to meet you
Rachel and I why Rachel and I do you
think that Rachel and I would have been
friends so what you're not that
different
she had has a great eye for images and
fart-o plus she's a smart ass like you
we would all be hella best friends
forever no she must be as cool as you
are I have no doubt we'll meet soon so
yellow tracks always make me feel better
I have no idea why it's not safe though
Kerouac knew it's the romance of travel
and movement the sound of the train
whistle it made the beat poet here huh
banter banter banter great banter
all right a rather be a good
photographer take a picture oh you are
you just have to stop being afraid yes
no being such a pussy ass bitch get it
max as a train right I heard a train oh
no photo not perfect selfie Oh No
oh stop what hold on Chloe
she's stuck no no how could you be stuck
at a train tracks no oh my god the boot
a boot take off a boot the Train
oh shit no no no no no no no no no no no
don't tell me
a train is gonna be coming oh no no
don't don't don't
up Chloe okay Chloe I'm gonna need you
to stay calm okay
like me I'm calm right no how help max
okay max just walk away okay she's gone
she's a goner max okay no don't say
these things sum up we must save my
friend but she's gone she's gone there's
nothing I can no no you can't blame a
saver I kind of want to see it is that
bad it's that bad like we're gonna see
it oh shit see you later Chloe okay oh
oh
no no no no no no no okay there's only
one way around this okay let's let's go
back in time okay now in all seriousness
let's say Chloe okay um I just want to
see what happened at the trade game okay
I rather have a life of all Wells than a
life of what else ah
I mean poetry go away my saver Oh a
crowbar how convenient
there's a crowbar right definitely you
know maybe just earlier well wipe it
make a die first or like you just
crowbar to open this door okay oh okay
what's gonna be what was what was in
here open the doors open the drawers
come on come on we are running out of
time where does that pliers grab it take
it come on I can pull a total MacGyver
MacGyver okay is that it do I need to
find anything else I think that's it
we're done run run run run run run run
run trains coming trades common dreads
covered drop it okay it's fine I come in
white time
all right why you guys panicking I can
rewind time Oh switching leave
ah shit shit shit shit shit okay there's
a fuse box it's not hot okay and pliers
pliers uh pliers yes which wire to cut
I don't know red Reds bad right now
that's like oh I did it
yeah bullet yeah
whoa you okay
you saved me again Chrissy now we're
totally bonded for life
damn I was a dense very close a train
was about aren't you glad I took you
away to a nice quiet desolate spot no it
was cool to spend time in your lair I
did mad I have to get back to school
before my next class since you're the
mysterious superhero I'll be your
faithful chauffeur and companion there's
bloody night at ours might not last
Chloe that's okay
we will Oh forever okay ladies gentlemen
I'm gonna end the video here so yeah
hope you guys are enjoying the series if
you guys are then be sure to leave a
like I will keep uploading next episode
as soon as you reach 10,000 likes okay
so I'm gonna try and do like two videos
per episode the episodes are like one
and a half hours long so if I do like 45
minute episodes we should be done in
like 10 videos max I think okay anyway
guys I think I sold watching and I'll
see you in the next video man leather
guys love you Baba
