there was a secret chord that David
played and it pleased the Lord but you
don't really care for music
girls like this the fourth the fifth the
minor fall the major lift the baffled
King
oh oh everyone how's everyone doing and
today we are playing way off we're going
to say my name unless yourself hi guys
the daily shimmer we are playing mouth
got it baby
I thought I'll play Mario Kart 8 for a
video all right it's not my fault okay I
love this game now people don't know I'm
actually a really good player marikar a
baby
so today yeah okay so we're gonna be
doing we're gonna be doing a grand prick
okay we are gonna be doing their
dangerous scary who wanna see see you
baby
as you can see I love do the characters
okay alright I can just do impressions
of the merica just all characters all
day but I will go with waluigi waluigi
ha ha ha Nicole
I've unlocked the circuit special shitty
well I'll use it okay I don't give it D
P now what cop should we play the
mushroom cup the flower cup to stock up
the special cock the a cup okay no
that's shit on that okay let's do the
crossing Cup
okay ladies and gentlemen start the
grand prick oh god damn I wish huh I'm
ready
okay it's okay
alright okay okay
another bad they should don't give me
all the movies that you play shit wait
okay wait seven that's where is it just
this circle is this it is this this all
map just a circle okay I'll take it
wait how my first place wait what am i
overlapped everyone why is everyone so
shit in this game okay go on open up
should I hang on to the banana no slap
go baby Park
look that's one dog on my belly first
place on the first race of the first
Meryl caught video that's what I'm
talking about okay let's look at the
highlights
look at this bloody shitty baby he does
throw a great show right I fucked me on
waluigi oh why do we jump so sorry
I'm looking for a talkback is like this
and go oh pretty look at me oh so badass
wowie okay so this map is called cheese
land
I think cheese look everywhere full of
cheese what is this what is this level
about further boom line oh shit
Luigi you shit okay I'm in fourth place
not the best okay I don't like this new
vehicle that they gave me I don't know
why I chose it
I usually choose a bike oh oh shortcuts
while are we taking sound so funny okay
now in first place how did I end up in
first place it was a shortcut oh my god
someone tried to greenshell me lick get
your sexy ass beautiful beautiful face
back in alright spinny spinny oh shit
blonde wait I mean what get the boost
oh yeah go go girls in the middle of the
air oh yeah why Luigi okay last lap
close the trade pattern okay oh shit
let's go up oh shit II red shell hold on
to it okay come on wait for it wait for
it wait for hold on okay someone got it
come on ah okay spin oh ow oh shit rich
oh no no guys please wait for me quick
shortcut shortcut oh this isn't a
shortcut guys no no no no please please
please
Rachel him no no I can't lose 11
no no no guys no no kidding I have
become lost I went for first and lost in
a matter of seconds it's this stupid new
collar they put me in see look at this
guy's look waluigi in the middle of yet
there's a bloody wildling okay look at
all the bloody shy guys okay now I would
played oh shit oh well I'm already off
to terrible stop I haven't played this
level
oh shit creature I gotta get right yeah
you've got a jump while oeg brilliant
doing handstands throw the other shell
okay it's okay I don't need that alright
I need to get first alright I'm in fifth
place right now no the bad start
mushrooms I love mushrooms especially
when they're in short forms okay now in
the war bit boost gone bloody I can't
drift properly good this stupid cars
terrible at drifting Oh pussy I missed
it I got it I miss to the game huh boost
to mushrooms gone spin Oh second place
in one lap all right guys this actually
might happen okay bloody throw that
silly ho all right she's the first place
gone Greece Shella Greece hello yeah
dead rekterino you stupid mushroom oh my
god I'm actually doing it okay don't
mess up okay I'm trying to give
commentary but it's so hard because I
don't want to mess up okay I need to
become Oh No Joe
okay all right
last lap concentrate that code and silly
hope okay for the bomb oh oh oh okay tow
that let's go silly hat home Rachel
which are my channel no no no no for
that no come on boost boost pinky come
on everyone's face he's got to be
kidding me
what's always happen to me
six place now six piece of piss off
Metal Mario piss off Ludwig piss off
Luigi piss off link abyss of toad at you
stupid girl mushroom oh is it first
place what happened man tour just CC is
bloody hard as my nevermind we get it
while away - you okay you can do mad
break dancing skills okay but no one
cares that you can breakdance alright
you need to win races
not bloody breakdance I swear to God
look at him doing handstands okay here
we go
animal crossing the last level well but
he dig up this bloody miner doing it
okay shut up everyone all right I gotta
cross the train three do press it down
boom haha alright shut up Matt oh look
well are we G alright you're terrible
stop with the hands that's how much I'm
gonna tell you oh okay oh yeah three
shells I start back that's not why I
might start who's you get great show huh
so much as the red showed me twice oh
shit green shell she came to my whiskey
cake throw that shit don't know what
anymore
I want another item well again what
again banana I'm I don't want Bob
potassium alright great job yeah that's
right take that will Luigi
alright second place all right out okay
I'm doing okay I'm not great it's this
car I'm not used to it all right I miss
my bike prop Freud for the plant oh shit
toadette Oh Luigi you're please escape
eighth place that's great no no that's
great piss off you baby toad a baby
Luigi shit nice place no no no I can't
do this my god I got you baby
take it oh shit banana that was the
sacred honor I threw okay I knew this I
needed the mushrooms uh-huh sure wait
come on
this is the comeback the comebacks on
guys the comebacks on fourth place oh my
god what a comeback will it come back no
no that stop doing that
do what you see see the load of steaks
oh shit no no piss off eighth place how
my place what was that I thought the
comic goes on and for the for the comics
on sixth place
eighth place seven six
okay lady chairman I'm an event of end
the video here let me know if you guys
want to see more Mario Kart so if I was
super excited today I just I was excited
to play Mario Kart but now I'm tired
okay but if you guys want me to do more
Mario Kart there is like I mean it's an
old game but it's a classic don't you
guys think I think so anyway let's say
if we reached 10,000 likes I'll turn it
into like a series where we'll do each
of the cups like eight videos okay I
think that's good I did an eight video
part series where we do all the cups
okay and win it oh carefully next time I
think I suppose watching and I'll see
you in the next video man see you later
guys
love you ba ba
