okay know everyone how is everyone doing
it is mesh yourself here I'm back again
baby and today ladies general we are
checking out doom once again baby now if
you guys have watched my do multiplayer
video okay I'll leave that down
description or boom that card is popped
up that's what multiplayer video and do
so what if you guys didn't know but the
guys over at Bethesda invited me and a
bunch of other youtubers to an event in
London to go play the doom multiplayer
early but what you guys didn't know okay
is that they also showed us something
called doom snap map boom snapchat no
you silly sausage okay
tomb snap map it's kind of hard to say
it's like a tongue twister snap map so
the doom snap map okay go to write that
time is basically this map editor which
you can create pretty much anything you
want
okay create your own level upload it to
the doom community like database okay
and anyone in the world can pretty much
play your level now they showed us how
to create levels okay but I have the
creativity of a glass of water okay so I
couldn't really make myself a level but
they did show us like a bunch of like
user already created levels okay and I
decided to play through dolls because
they were a lot better than what I
created okay so one of the levels that I
played was a map called
can you count to ten when I got in it I
was like what the hell is this but then
I heard the countdown and you had to
shoot at exactly 10 so let's give it a
go 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
9:10 thank my three don't boy burn so
plain another level called the music
maker 9000 what could this be
yeah that's all I know how to play from
that song yeah sorry
sorry about that that's something you
could also do is play the snap map
levels on multiplayer so I think that
was one where we play basketball
okay
oh yeah the basketball level was pretty
funny so basically when you had the ball
you had to basically throw a grenade
through the the basketball net okay to
score points and in order to get the
ball
you had to melee the person with the
ball okay it was it was pretty funny
okay how do I even do that okay I won't
know how they created that that level
but yeah it just goes to show there's
lot of crazy things you could do with
this snap map thing and they also
created a parkour game where the floor
was lava and you basically had to jump
from one obstacle to another there was
one level where it was like a
free-for-all but everyone was running
SuperDuper Fox okay I think they were
running like twice the speed okay so uh
yeah that was that was pretty mental
there was another level where you had to
kill like all the demons okay so like
every demon kept spawning and you it
just had to catch killer okay that was
pretty cool I like that one there was
one way out to like escape the area for
some reason guys okay the possibilities
are literally endless okay I can't wait
for this to come out okay because the
levels that people gonna make are going
to be absolutely crazy okay if this is
just the beginning of what people could
make imagine what people are gonna make
when the game comes out okay it's gonna
be mental
okay now I think if you upload a level
like on ps4 you can play it on like the
Xbox one and PC okay it's all in the
same like database okay so what I'm
thinking when the game comes out I might
do like a series where I like play like
the top rate levels you know oh actually
a good idea maybe you guys can upload
your own levels and when the game comes
out I can play that okay that's a good
idea actually I might do that when the
game comes out anyway guys I hope you
like what you see I have very high
expectations for doob I'm expecting it
to be a very good game I love the
multiplayer ok and I love this snap map
thing ok
and we're also forgetting that don't
also has a single-player campaign so I'm
imagining the single-player is going to
be just as great ok so I have high
expectations that this game is going to
be one of best game that comes
and a year okay so Bethesda don't
disappoint me okay I from what I see so
far I'm lagging okay keep it up oh yeah
forgot about this one level so I
basically found like this sandbox level
where they basically showed off
everything you could possibly add in the
snap map levels okay so there was like
all the guns were on the floor and all
like the the enemies were on the floor
so you basically stand on this pad and
it was spawned like a demon and what I
decided to do is I decided to try out
every single like death animation you
can have for a demon so basically once
an end it once it once an enemy it has
low health okay it starts flashing okay
and when you melon it it spawns like
this death animation it was like this a
multiplayer okay but like there's
different animations for every single
demon okay at all of them well badass
okay I remember grabbing some what dudes
eye and shoving it in his mouth when he
exploded okay I'm I remember like
ripping off a demon's horns okay okay so
yeah I just bet I split like probably
like half an hour just messing around in
the sandbox level okay so I'm excited
for it okay I'm not gonna like alright
so I hope you guys hope you guys enjoyed
this video thank you for watching okay
and thanks again Bethesda for sending me
out to this event that in London to play
with a bunch of youtubers okay it's
really it's really awesome that I get to
play this stuff early okay and show you
guys okay I really like it okay thank
you guys Potenza okay I'm the video here
thank I saw watching and I will see you
in the next video man see later guys
love you bar back
