oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
80s mash yourself there at the day
ladies German we are playing paint the
town red now you're probably honoring
Brandon what does this game mean and
ooh-ah
well the aim of the game is to kill
everyone okay okay okay okay okay okay
okay oh hello okay we seem to be in a
bit of a ball say Dave hey Dave happen
to watch the Manchester United are night
I did feel I can't believe we lost 2-1
against that saw City okay so we seem to
be in a bar okay and everyone keeps
looking at me listen guys I just want a
cup I just want to drink okay you don't
belong here boy I suggest you leave
right now but I'm thirsty guys haha look
like guys face you do not wanna prepare
private get out while you still good
listen guys what is with you can I have
a drink oh now with uh that was close
okay Cheers uh see you later guys okay
well um yeah there's something Oh Oh
what the fuck you lookin at uh listen
dude I don't want no trouble Jesus
Christ God's face Hey yeah let's come
sit next to me okay I'll sit next to you
okay Oh snake can I have some job
oh shit they go to live band and every
big oh say it how it is all like and
waiting for this moment
oh shut up your bloody shit listen guys
I don't want to fight you shitty I don't
get this game okay I have to just beat
the shit out of people okay
but once you hit someone the whole bar
let everyone the bar they're all looking
at me their own arms are gonna start
something
fuck look at that man listen dude I
don't want no trouble Jesus Christ hey
man it can't stick with us guys I would
love to but you kind of uh kind of um I
gotta yeah okay see you later
I love drinker mistake no you look at
that leave me a mistake alone you know
Inc oh that's a plate where they get mad
if I just throw the steak on the on the
pool table
okay how difficult do it Matt we're
trying to play polish oh shit why what
happened
listen guys I just wanted to eat steak
okay guys please don't do this
oh my goodness everyone is just beating
the shit out of everyone guys we don't
have to do this you know you wanna play
darts guys dots oh shit
I'll let Phil's be the shout out Dave oh
shit the back up again oh it's okay oh
oh I'm dead employees only can I not go
down here there's two chefs maybe they
could cook in my steak
I said I wanted it well-done oh shit
they've got knives they've got knife
guys
in the kitchen oh shit guys can you
close the door I'm trying to pull guys
ah listen you're shit-faced god damn it
this is so odd
so what's through here whoa storage area
hello oh no is a guy here oh no no
you're coming here so it's okay all
right cool uh what are you doing back
here
oh you see burn I'm actually I'm going
to be gone all this stuff legal here so
I'm not allowed to take it well you
can't touch it right but after you split
the shower you isn't it what if I steal
it without him looking you're looking I
don't want him Phil can you hear me yike
okay
Brandon but we're sharing you had um uh
nothing
uh why because bad you could you could
my crowbar on your hand I've got my name
on it
look it's right there gave me back my
crowbar you want a crowbar to you hey
stop oh oh oh shit rest in peace man I'm
so sorry I'm so sorry you had to go out
by this back oh my goodness I'm putting
in this room oh shit she's awful um
again while their arms fall off so
easily
oh I'm sorry sir uh I thought I'll kill
you ah ha ha yes it was you shit what's
going on here oh my god this is the
boss's office
shitty huh is that a safe I see back
there money okay I'm going for it yeah
oh shit he's got machete oh my god okay
well this is let me take this pork you
and let me beat up the boss okay oh shit
money crowbar
I died hmm what's up here some more guys
drinking hmm maybe this is a good place
to start
what do you guys think who's in the
toilet huh um what's good guys
yes pee on your poker game Brandon it's
50 pounds to get in I've raised 50
pounds yes that's right that's all the
money hey man if it's me again listen
piss off dude watch this guy keep
following me okay what screw here oh
shit
what hey you guys you got sleeping with
each other oh shit I'm so sorry yeah I
got a kill quickly trauma how should I
miss oh that's a good idea I could just
keep jumping from here to here okay cuz
I can't get me from up here who died
bitch I said you get you asshole
alright I think this is good okay a big
good progress how do I heal is do I eat
fruit to heal oh there's a piece of
steak over there should I risk it should
I risk it for the steak I'm risking it
num-num a guiding the steak Chokwe
Freddie what the bloody shit is a shock
wave oh shit get rekterino cappuccino oh
shit look how many are left
I would like killed like everyone yet
Jesus Christ it's in dude you don't want
to approach me I've got a knife dude
yeah I need ed now I'm gonna get ya
I'm gonna get ya I'm gonna blow you're
dead now shit now I'm a shit oh boy
I thought I was gonna do it oh shit I
only q-36 out of 78 Oh piss off okay I'm
not doing that shit again hmm we are now
in jail shit how do we get here is it
cuz the bar fight we start the bar fight
now Rogell oh hey there Brandon am I
gonna come in yourself tonight uh guys I
have no idea who these guys we talk
about Brandon I'm your bitch
I have no listen to me dude I am I do
not talk to never again but yeah yeah
I'll see you tonight okay look there's
bloody bodyguards
there's gel guys oh shit what am I
supposed to do here oh shit
bought basketball ball is life hey give
me the ball back right now I'm sorry I'm
sorry here take it
oh hey go uh Kobe Oh way to go violet by
deduction we've both gone run it up
shake okay what if I throw the board
upwards oh shit
already put it oh now the bowl stock got
a shake already
ah disobey just admit it okay you can't
play basketball listen man ball is life
okay I will make this basketball shot
trust me okay
and jump oh my god oh my god
guys guys this guy's naked Oh what oh
shit there's a shower here oh shit maybe
he came from the shower naked guy died
Oh
oh my god is that explode okay it's a
shower oh shit the naked guys here look
at this guy dancing at the shower how
the Sun goes what happens if I drop the
soap
you're gonna go get it huh you're gonna
go get it so I can check out that I push
you to the limit
whoa Carl all right again listen to it
okay you're not bloody Rocky Balboa okay
57 59 60 over remember shut up oh shit I
missed shockwave yeah yeah yeah how that
hurt take it yes might what this might
do use power smite oh my god oh my god
oh shit what the hell was that
hahaha no way so we just 10 people left
god damn it
okay lazy man I think I'm gonna end the
video here this is play the town red
it's pretty funny I'm not gonna like I
don't want to make more videos on this
because it's like lots of levels okay so
I kind of want to do it if you guys
think I shoot then leave a like let's
say let's say 8000 and I'll do it okay
anyway guys don't think I saw you
watching and I'll see you in the next
video man see later guys I love you a ba
ba I've been waiting for this Bobby
oh no way Eric's
