there is something very fishy going on
with these two cars oh my gosh Becky can
you believe that slut Sara didn't even
invite me to our birthday party yeah I
know right there is such bitches come we
just like shit all over their faces oh
my god Becky that is so totally our idea
what that bloody hell is wrong with
these two girls hello you bloody gate
welcome to the martial arts Club what
brings you here if you join our club I
guarantee that you'll be able to defend
yourself from anyone that might try to
hurt you oh okay
look are you running a fan to go well
can I join interested in joining the
club all we ask is that you show up at
least once a week okay fantastic we're
now an official member of the martial
arts Club yank Terry Chan is gonna
become the strongest most powerful
person in the whole of this school
inside epic training montage
everybody there she is
the bloody leader of the occult Club oka
roju listen girl I'm bloody scared right
now but I want to join the club um hi
hello what is your club about er we are
devoted to the research of supernatural
and paranormal phenomena Hey which is a
ghost vampire bat demon same I'm Jillian
psychics and time travellers I got
anyone who joins our club will develop a
resistance and horrific and terrifying
or succumb to them okay mana join the
shitty baby club you actually want to
join I hope I don't regret this
hi I know let's do the clapping I guess
we're going to attempt to summon a demon
again I don't want no demons okay
just stay calm we can get through this
excellent
hmm I hope it works this time or don't
okay
