hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mesh yourself there and today lace
German we are back yet again we're
losers now as one say guys so much for
the support in the first video I was
expecting everyone to be like what okay
you play the shit before Brown come on
but yeah everyone was okay with it okay
so I'm glad you guys are liking it now I
wonder who are we gonna kill today oh
shit baby we're back now last time we
killed that bloody man who is gone for a
cigarette okay and his whole face is
burned out okay are we meeting up with
the devil again he's like hello daddy
yes I make me proud but I must teach you
some of the more let us say subtle arts
which you can use what no way the kids
are praying your mind to move objects at
your will oh oh because Lucius is the
devil son yes special powers like
telekinesis
oh shit can I pick this up accent whoa
excellent you can pick things up Lucius
okay the devil just taught me how to use
my telekinesis skill oh yeah baby can't
wait to use this one oh shit August 4th
1972 tone death oh yeah
Lucius oh shit it's all rainy I can't
wait to kill anyone
losses losses are so adorable
okay I'm gonna take this boy levy
everywhere okay me I missed the ball
okay
you sure so I'm scared okay it's all
Sundering shit what's going to happen is
just it's okay lucious okay you have
your board okay it's okay
what is with this organ music I don't
understand Who am I gonna kill next
that's a good question hello anyone here
where is everyone
lucious mom did you sleep well what I
have told you a thousand times you have
to clean up your room first
listen muck shut up okay you clean my
room you lazy ho we have maids running
around I know I'm killing them but we
have maids running around why can't they
clean up my room chores clean my room
well lucious is now the new jaws piss
off
okay my minimap is telling me my next
victim he's in here whoa
it's the handyman the handyman God oh
shit no he's clean the toilet I thought
he was taking a piss he probably won't
notice if I change up his plans a bit
yeah
so Lucius how we gonna kill him now
bandit
good evening IDs oh shit was it do it
it's a pretty drunk I listen you drunk
shit listen I won't wake up
fishy wake up okay now I think I
remember how to do this first we shall
grab the screwdriver then ladies and
gentlemen I shall take the screwdriver
and I shall break the piano Oh Lucius
you lil naughty little devil look at you
now Lucius has loosened up the leg of
the piano now all we need to do is get a
ball to come and fix it is this his
to-do list wait grab the pencil oh I
didn't you - notepad fix the piano oh oh
shit he's gone up the pencil Lucius yeah
you better get goin I don't want to
remember fixing the piano being on the
list
I hope it's where I will be done soon
have you cleaned up you listen up shut
up I will do the chores later on corn
iple fix the piano always oh okay now I
think if I used my new skill I can now
yes you should
Oh
I hate to tell you this mr. Wagner shit
but it seems your handyman was drunk as
a skunk
drugged is an accident waiting to happen
if I was going to fire him after the
other incidents I just didn't have the
heart it's hard enough to keep the staff
here with recent events you can't blame
yourself
this might be the worst case of
professional neglect I've ever come
across while this might explain the
ghastly it still doesn't explain the
death in the walk-in cooler yeah
the autopsy on the mate was inconclusive
but we're still working on the theory
she had a poor heart or circulation
problem there like it's an accident okay
this doesn't make sense
now lucious is going to give someone
else cutting-edge baby Jesus Christ how
many people are living in his house I
like live in a mansion harsh in the
gluteus Oh sunny day now oh she's
working up hello lucious who are you so
adorable ball I will take you again ball
all right let's just calm down
oh shit Who am I gonna kill next mummy
mummy
whatever say mop don't you cleaned up
your room yet you said my doing what
does she mean clean my room my room is
absolutely fine do I have to put things
in the toy box again why can I use
telepathy to put the toys back oh shit I
can oh shit again there goes the car oh
wait
Oh true I take 10% oh that's what I'm
gonna do oh Jesus Christ
Alana me okay I clean my room take oh
Jesus Christ scared me allow me
you remember to brush your teeth brush
sure don't make me
yes mom why are you gonna tell me all
this choice why don't he just love me
Mommy always telling me to do this is
stupid oh okay screw mom I'll brush my
teeth later okay now I believe my next
victim is in here
hello oh my god is it is it the butcher
is it a butcher it's the butcher oh shit
oh shit I will gonna kill the butcher I
think I remember how he dies but I don't
know how how did you learn hello shut up
butcher you want the menu little pig
hello well now that you're here you can
carry those boxes to the freezer I'm not
too heavy so don't you do in a British
actor me or mr. Bowie Zac they know I am
I don't have time to play with you so I
will bloody butcher your face okay what
do you want me to do grab the books it's
just the bugs this box is heavy
Oh i Lucia shut up okay wait where's e1
the boxes oh he wants me to put it in
the freezer oh okay well that that made
I do our first person that we killed
okay do we just put it in here yeah oh
that's a troll
okay last box oh okay ninety percent oh
yeah okay I think the daus temper set is
just brushing my teeth but I'll do that
next episode because I'll come over to
do it now oh here we go
jet butch eject is currently working
with raw meat or should I find a way to
mess with him hey shut up now how do I
kill him I think I have to break this
bulb I think okay let's switch to my
telekinesis okay hide behind these boxes
and then break the bulb break it break
it
what the hell boy L want item 9b spray
don't know.they
how can all use a soul man for can't see
nothing nothing British accent go and
find me some new lamps will ya
I need to keep working it I need to keep
what okay I have to find him a new lab a
light bulb oh I think I roll oh my god I
just remembered how we kill him okay
okay let's go find him a light bulb okay
the light bulb is just over here okay
now let's give up the light bulb here
you go check one light bulb thanks
thanks okay now he's going to go up and
fix the light bulb okay now if I use my
telekinesis okay here we go on turn on
the saw turn on the softy loosey righty
tighty
Oh
I just saw this fight so Oh killing
people so much fun oh they must know
it's me this situation is ridiculous
mister and I'm holding off the bureau
from launching an inquiry I'm posting a
deputy at the house it's more for your
own protection oh shit I wish I could
explain these is more than accidents
but I can't think of a motive I can't
imagine how anyone could have gotten
away with Oh we'll get to the bottom of
it just consider this house on lockdown
until something comes up all right shut
up mr. McMuffin okay you don't know it
wasn't a pretty sight
heads sawn in half and blood everywhere
these freak accidents were keeping me up
at night yeah four deaths in four months
all apparent accidents but I had my
doubts I still had no clear suspects no
motives no way to even start an
investigation I don't know it's been
this point I was only sure about one
thing what was not going to end here
yeah I was another month went by when we
got the call to go back to the house but
this time it was different this time it
was murder
whoa we're gonna murder someone oh yeah
okay later but I'm gonna end the video
here that was episode two of lucious
okay this game so much okay killing
people is so much fun it's mushy when
you're playing as a little cute little
lucious so uh yeah I'm gonna keep
uploading the episodes I think are
15,000 likes this it's not really like a
let's play it's more like just a
miniseries I think it's not really for
this you're not ready here for the story
I don't think so yeah I'll upload the
next episode when we reach 15,000 likes
anyway guys only fake guys always
watching and I will see you in the next
video man see you later guys love you ba
ba
