hello everyone how is everyone doing in
these measures out there and the day
later 7:00 we are back yet again with
candy I'm Frankie
the mess yourself family is back yet
again okay Liam now today we are playing
more games okay we are playing gang
beasts okay now they don't know what
this game is okay I don't even know
where it is but I will find out okay
okay okay I'll be the Fox be the Fox I'm
gonna be the office worker down like
hipster and shit okay so we use this to
move okay remember your character and
your color what's up buddy we haven't
even started yet so I think you can hit
each other by using these the M&E game
is to draw is to push each other out of
the ring okay what you guys doing is
just wrapping around in circles
yeah funny if you hold down these two
buttons scare yourself hold down other
than this one or that one
pull it down how do we go home to go
home
okay well you guys jump around like it's
okay I won't do anything
Oh candy you're all I think Oh candies
out okay now it says me in Frankie what
are you doing need to grab me there we
go hey guys I'm just here waiting for my
train
don't mind me guys thought why you
starting for why are you finding four
huh I'm just waiting for my chain now I
think trains actually come here guys so
five degrees Oh guys guys I would move
about with you there's a train coming
it's a train coming
Oh
ska
brother help me nope long live the king
okay I'm dead
oh you won well done hold down that okay
ladies German I'm tired you guys tired
yeah
this game's exhausting Jesus Christ okay
guys I'm end a video here if you guys
like candy and Franky my two sisters
coming on then leave a god damn like I
usually ask them for like goals what
should that like owed me this time turn
okay we'll go 15 okay if we reached
15,000 likes I'll bring them on again
for another video
you guys wanna suggest me ideas like
like vlogs or more gaming stuff to do
post a comment but anyway guys oh they
got so much watching and I will see you
in the goddamn next video man see that
the guys know
