please
this shit here feels like a whole
Italian car collapse
most of our now and my pee now
hello everyone how is everyone - ring it
is measure selfie and today less German
I am so SuperDuper excited because we
are playing you FC - yes ladies German
we are finally making a video on the new
UFC game now the guys over at EA was
like Brandon you need to check out this
game out okay because we've done a whole
bunch of stuff to make it better than
UFC 1 ok and I've been playing it
non-stop and it is so fun like I'm
having so much fun with it like I think
with UFC 1 it was really fun but I just
found it like quite hard to play and so
hard to get into but with this game I
just feel like I'm a fighting machine
- awesome you wants out in UFC - they've
added a whole bunch of stuff since the
last game like I don't think Ultimate
Team was there so like you can create
your own fighter and like you can like
buy packs to sort of improve your
fighters skill moves and skills and
attributes and stuff like that yeah
ultimate team's pretty fun they've also
added a knock out mold ok ladies
gentleman so the only way to win is to
knock out your opponent okay we're gonna
do that in one second and yeah they've
also got career mode which I've been
playing a lot install also we can do
what you can do is you can customize
short you're you're a bloody character
now I've already created a fighter
of course at me look at me looking so
fast look at you Brad you so fan of that
the resemblance is uncanny now you can
get some special fighters in this game
Mike Tyson's in the game look ladies
gentlemen you've got your Mike Tyson and
you've got the bloody old fart Mike
Tyson okay now which one don't want to
play I'm gonna play the old fart Mike
Tyson okay Mike Tyson versus Brandon
mesh yourself okay enough farting around
let us get in the Octagon
well it's a heavyweight title bar
between Mike Tyson and El Diablo and
Diablo Diablo Oh
we all know they're bad El Diablo
confident that he can take out the champ
and leave with the heavyweight belt as
he makes his way towards the cage his
preparation has been perfect he is in
fantastic shape had an amazing camp and
he believes that he is in the perfect
position to become the new champion of
the world as he steps into the Octagon
right now he steps in with a Champions
mindset El Diablo steps into the Octagon
and this time that's right ladies Damon
we are playing for the championship belt
oh this is Mike Tyson the gangster my
toes Oh No okay no bumping Mike Tyson oh
snap look I'm not gonna mess with Mike
Tyson a gentleman okay champion is in
focus is in his prime waking his way
towards the cage his training for this
camp he believes he has a solid game
plan and his mentality coming into this
fight is clear and focused oh oh gods I
don't think I'd be I could beat him I
don't think I could beat Mike Tyson look
at him I just come in da ba ba ba and he
just comes in yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna
kill him I'm gonna kill that guy in a
ring look at the concentration going on
his face tale of the tape for this
heavyweight championship Oh Tyson
17 years as elder el diablo weighed in
at 265 pounds not he will have a 5
follow up every i taller than them hold
on longer than him okay
Oh
not in England
okay come on baby let's do this oh okay
I'm not I'm not go to the game all right
so just bear with me okay okay my name
is to knock out Mike Tyson's Oh No look
at this laughs listen Mike okay all
right go back to making movies okay you
don't belong here
okay now the trick is for this game all
right it's a time you'll swatch
perfectly okay
stamina is key all right look at him
he's buddy missing all right hit him big
combination oh shit okay stay calm okay
take a breather take a breather oh no
he's got me in a grapple quickly over
and under I take him out corn leg grab
em leg grab em yes
eyes on the
we're down in the oh snap watches oh god
damn it this is exciting
I like it god Brandon Brad you can do
this okay alright we're okay come on
Brandon round two oh hello pretty lady
Ariana I love you are yawning
hello Arianna okay try to concentrate
okay no time for messing around okay
come on we gonna fight to win all right
just go round to touch close by there
let's start this thing I wanna knock you
out Mike okay the crowds going crazy
come on Brandon we all know you could
take out Mike Tyson's face it must hurt
so much I love it so much that's what
I'm talking about Joe here's the finish
on our fight replay he was knocked out
and I just jump on him and just stop
wailing on him and here is Bruce Buffer
with the official decision
Oh Bruce ladies and gentlemen
has called us after this contest at 1
minute 25 seconds of round
- whoa
what
Oh
that's what they called me baby only
outlaws the new champion oh okay that
was super fun let's play another match
man I actually love this game so much so
what I'm gonna do now named gentleman is
I asked my friend Wiz I to come on the
channel and face me because probably the
most fun from this game is playing your
friends okay so we have played with each
other and we had to have loads of fun
okay so I'm gonna go play that now
coming up next
you got embarrass me on my own channel
oh yeah we touch gloves to start the
fight okay you just got you calm down
oh she's just for the championship belt
okay I'm taking the championship losing
balance there shit my arms already
hurting fine watch out what's up okay
come in come in McGregor all right you
need to go back to Ireland okay okay
it's all about me it's all about timing
I really want to take you down
don't do this to me oh stop it no
biscuits please oh please oh my god oh
my gosh I'm gonna die in the first round
no no please stay whoa shit you're
getting too excited my friend oh god I
keep just scraping you ah I need a
different approach out thanks for that
I'm taking you out okay
all right so I'm sorry okay let's okay
okay I really goes right
come on come back come back come back
stop it you're kicking just before man
it's making your phallus whoa
shit okay ladies gentlemen I'm gonna end
the video here I hope you guys enjoyed I
want to thank ya for sponsoring this
video and show me how much fun UFC is I
definitely definitely recommend you guys
check it out it's so literally so much
fun you know like I think they've just
they've refined and fix all of the
problems with UFC 1 and UFC 2 is just
like it's a really good game like
annoyance T so I did play I crazy teddy
basically me and a bunch of guys we did
have like a gaming like a little
tournament in UFC 2 and I did ask my
friend I crazy teddy to be involved so
go check out his video down the
description down below where I fight him
and he is really good as game so yeah go
check out that and yeah go check out all
the guys involved in this but anyway
guys I want to thank guys so much for
watching and I will see you in the next
video old man see you later guys love
you
ba ba
