what you say oh yes it was your mistake
I wash the sunrise I wash the sunrise
melting away oh look at me panco look at
this shit
bloody part GoBot cock ya bitch ah
alright John calm down clam in this
redwood oh yeah hardcore parkour jock we
okay hey these guys have a really funny
falling animation hello everyone how is
everyone doing
nice master selfie and today lazy man we
are back yet again with Red Dead
Redemption we are back in Oh goddamn Wow
Wow
Westwood john marston the cowboy ye
doggy oh there's another dog here
Brandon don't you remember exactly what
happened at last video I must have read
like 200 comments they said don't kill
the goddamn dog
alright daughter won't kill you but I
still really want to kill you
maybe if I kill you off-screen no one
will get mad okay I'm just gonna throw a
fire bottle right here
okay okay I'm sure everything is fine
behind me is fine what the dog lived yes
Brandon I'm fireproof ts Li Shimin we
are back with Red Dead Redemption yet
again there is so much stuff in this
game I love this game so much oh thank
you guys so much for supporting on the
last episode so I might do an undead
nightmare video which is basically the
zombies DLC that came out for this game
so if we reach 10,000 likes on this
video that would be the next redhead
video if you guys want to of course
oh there yes I am by the way I love
messing around with the people in this
game
you can just push them over in that
black come on man I'm a cowboy I don't
tolerate this nonsense oh they don't do
anything they're like come on John we
ain't got time for this bullshit man
McFarland's ranch Foreman's office now
usually what I was planning to first do
is to go on a hunt for a bounty but
there's no bounty posters hit so come on
guys get your shit together why is it a
bounty appearing oh there's a safe here
um I can crack the safe should I do it
huh uh hello sir I'm not doing anything
suspicious
trying to grab my prick uh was I trying
to grab your prick go away sir yes right
okay now close the door hey okay now
sneak attack okay I think the coast is
clear
it's cracked a safe huh oh shit out now
to do this okay time to crack this safe
the limits
walk along
don't look down just keep your head
oh I did it I cracked the site gold
silver treasure brownie I mean no
bounties whoa 64 dollars but I have a
bounty of 50 that's like ten dollars
profit
okay run run run run we to pay our
bounty right now horseshit wait if I
just wait it out will I live I think so
easy come on come on
hi Don did everyone just forget oh shit
I still got the bounty
okay sneak on by just pay the bounty oh
here we go
give pardon letter yes sure five counts
of one count of safecracking okay I just
given them a letter from the bloody
Queen Queen Elizabeth she's like a good
sir can you please pardon John Martin
for shooting five people in the face and
cracking us safe yours fruity Queen
Elizabeth for second where's my cup of
tea
why am I writing this down okay and here
we are McFarland's ranch a thingy office
what's this I see a wanted poster one
Maurice sweet part of the ball are twins
gang property destruction and mozzarella
you get $40 love $20 dead I will accept
this bow the boy I will tak track down
Maurice and make a pay for this
destruction that ballot Agra was last
seen near mozzarella pizza pie
mozzarella don't why not me you bloody
gay okay a little we are nearly here we
are looking for Maurice okay now he's
probably got a lot of friends with him
now remember we get 20 extra dollars if
we capture my last $20 Brandon that's a
lot of money oh yeah okay here we are he
don't wait L he don't don't run off
without me oh shit oh crap I think he's
running hey nobody saw you oh shit this
seems pretty scary okay II don't I don't
think they've seen us yet so we need to
be nice and sneaky and stealthy do I
have a sniper rifle huh I do okay
so we got one cowboy over here two more
over there another one over there
we got a deer over here hey I'm part of
the gang
imma did and we've also got a horse in
hey I like being part of this gang okay
I'm going for it easy easy whoa
oh wait no die kill him oh I killed him
shit
oh yeah so I've ever come on better well
um so much for getting him alive you
killed all my friends can I be in your
gang now John alright we did it and we
also got seven dollars I can now buy a
selfie stick well now that you mention
it little horsie I would like a nice
pristine horse like you
sorry I'll heed or thought uh your ship
oh hi guys oh my god Brandon watch this
you find a replacement
I'm sorry LGI door but I'll have to put
you down
Brandon you don't have to do this okay
I'm Andy no please I'm sorry Ellie don't
but this is the end for us very show
show show I'm sorry
oh hi guys hello
ah shit now now I don't have my bounty
Brennan don't you want to talk about
what savages that you tried to kill me
uh al he do I do not remember any such
thing okay I have no idea what you're
talking about
let's just go on another adventure
McFarland's ranch ladies and gentlemen
it's so beautiful at night but something
about it so peaceful well we got over
here partner what oh hello sir hallo
charlie
he's a good one to sniff out trouble
charlie dick next to the dog search the
area with Charlie the dog for angel
services Brandon now I know we haven't
seen either add together okay but we
gotta work together okay we gotta defeat
enemies okay Charlie all right me and
you I like working together
not shooting each other in the faces
ain't that right charlie
Brandon well that would I literally just
say Brad and Charlie smell anything
fishy I mean not fishy uh smelly
graduate I think I smell something
I smell a trouble a-brewin you smell a
trouble a-brewin Charlie Charlie you
were literally the worst dog ever
Charlie that's a chicken I won't chicken
tonight and we have KFC John lissa
trying to get to sit together stop
messing around all right we did we keep
this right safe Charlie you've been
literally walking around in circles are
you gonna show us anything or not
Brandon this job ain't about action okay
spout keeping this ranch safe in case
anything fishy happens Charlie's most
boring job ever Holly you fast of it can
subdue the horse thing we're doing so
much more see so do it
I'm gonna put guy this bitch yeah you
ain't going anywhere boy you can leave
him here the law officers will get this
guy uh I want to shoot him
Brandon you're not made to kill him well
not what didn't you read the prompt well
I still want my reward to piss off
Charlie you ain't getting any of it but
Brandon they're supposed to raise my KFC
come on Charlie let's collect our reward
okay Thank You Karla mister Thank You
sheriff for the footer for the money of
$38 go make a good team write him see
anything's a lot better once you don't
shoot me in the face shut up dog god
damn it yeah so sorry that I blame you
for David variety mint I'm sorry okay I
just I'll uh I'm sorry
I'm going now okay I'll heed or look
where we are
a place called lack Boulder I think let
me let me just check what if it's called
that it is called that thank you
now look at Blackwater ladies gentlemen
it is like a proper town oh hello dog
oh just just bounced off me again now
what can we do in Blackwater wait can we
get a haircut oh my goodness poor
piggies oh come on guys you're the boy
thinks he's some kind of a stuff guy
let's find out how fast and tough you is
listen listen do I have to do this again
for goodness sake I don't want to tell
you
and your dad yeah that was great yeah
well that was fun yeah okay well uh can
I get my hair cut now okay
wait what's this can we go see a movie
no way
can we is Deadpool showing Star Wars
anything watch movie two dollars thank
you oh I'm gonna watch movie I wonder
what's on do you remember when it was
last September I do not know the rest of
the song do you remember when it was
last September I was doing it okay
ladies and gentlemen I think I'm gonna
end up video here I haven't done much
but I just been messing around so yeah I
think the next Red Dead video I want to
do is the undead nightmare so leave a
goddamn like if you want to see that
because I think that's like just as good
as Red Dead if not better so every reach
10,000 likes I will do that but anyway
guys I want to thank you guys so much
watching and I will see you in the
goddamn next video see you later guys
love you
ba ba it is steady steady steady steady
state is sucking on that he's dead state
his name is Amy Stata
today - titty pbbt
the titties dude easy it is
