hello everyone how is everyone these
measures LPS sledgehammer we are back we
are Narasimha let again with tango
second bubble Gettys what's the hell
everyone looks different
greenie Chang you're hot shit okay no
boys are gonna notice that shit look
she's got a bloody makeover and even
bluey Chang oh you're not kauai you
bloody hoe oh my goodness check out the
new senpai she's lookin fun
he's like a flower that long as hell I
like it since I okay I'm beginning to
love you again
so enough messing around yes loserman
there has been another update clearly
okay everyone's got a new haircuts okay
there's a new hairdresser in town bloody
styling everyone oh oh my goodness girl
you are gonna have such fine hair just
let me do your hair right now oh my gosh
it is so everyday now there isn't much
content from this update it's been
mostly like optimizing shit okay a
bottle a Sherman something that I've
never been before is the bloody garden
area hello ghost bitch greetings okay
good good bye okay nice to see you do
even bush it's got bloody plantings it's
got flowers it's gonna shed aren't so
pretty a greenhouse I'm and though it's
made of glass glass outside
but how have I not gone to this part of
the school yet look at it it's so pretty
even gonna shut I can go in the shed how
cute I can pick up a circular saw
I know bloody born in the game pick up
the saw you know what Hammond is baby to
go on a killing spree how's my
impression of a chainsaw I know it was
very good
who leaves a circular saw right in the
garden okay now I think I can kill
people with this okay and it's not just
a normal attack need a key okay listen
gold spits you store nothing okay
apparently there is a new now how am I
gonna get this circular saw order way to
the rooftop to kill my target I need a
stealth
no shit finds me oh shit oh oh she
looked a bustle I'll pick it up again
hello so okay goodbye okay I've made it
to the bloody rooftop now what we are
going to do is attack this poor little
titty because no one can see what we're
up to
hello girl how you doing what are you
doing it's okay all right for the moment
of truth let's attack
how I'm up hello hazy halt look at our
face
that's right I'm sore in people's mouths
now oh my goodness John Dory I didn't
think you could get even more crazier
wait this member
what am i doing
I could never love me oh this is the
most horrible thing ever
disgusting I wonder what everyone's
reaction will be if I show them my head
no head lice you like this oh right away
oh my god okay people didn't like my new
head I just wanted to show them and show
and tell what is up with people nowadays
greenie I mean other greenie
hello either greenie I kill you oh it's
boring with a normal life now I don't
want new animations of everything
Oh bangies listen greenie stop being a
whole this is sexy I like it okay now
something that I haven't actually done
yet
okay is that they have added more shit
in the town
so let's go
now I'm trying to think what other shit
have I not done in a video yet oh wait I
think there's a special room okay which
I haven't been in but the question is
where is it or do I have to really look
for the room DS counselor Oh piss off
head teacher don't give me a spanking on
my ass again secretly love a spanking on
my ass head teacher please our meeting
room no sewing room
no home a clue what how is I've even
mean
councillor what I haven't been in here
before
hello no no I know my father won't allow
me to attend school while you are active
I did my own exercise you are a vulgar
creature that is only allowed to exist
because you serve a purpose it was my
decision then every last one of you
would be exterminated have fun while you
can oh if you and I ever cross paths
oh shit leis gentlemen yonder e has a
nemesis but we don't know who they are
what's your backyard dirty good right
thank you
okay it's okay it was just me screaming
haha I wonder if there's any new Easter
eggs hmm oh I don't think I've done bad
time moat is this an undertale reference
oh I'm sorry mister man oh shit
can I kill Sam by doing this okay I
think I'm gonna end the video hit that
like there isn't much of shit in this
update okay I probably should have
waited for the next update before I made
a video but I don't know I I miss not
playing this game so leave it go down
like you guys have been slashing 10,000
let's survive
let's see if we can hit it again 10,000
likes that would be awesome okay if we
do I would definitely make another video
I would probably will anyway so yeah
anyway guys I think I saw watching I
will see you in a goddamn next video of
that see like ass I love you
