oh hello everyone how is everyone - with
Eddie's master selfie at the dilation we
are back yet again with the just polls
three baby now today lays German we are
back with it again I've said that before
but today later when we are playing the
new DLC that drop now I've got a couple
of days early okay lace German now
you're probably wondering what is in
this new DLC well if you would look just
over there you will see something quite
mad
so yesterday chairman Allen Skype or
just randomly up in the sky just just in
there you know now something else that
they've added it's the ability to oh
yeah look at this it's so badass they
altered the wingsuit leis gentlemen so
you could take off has an old jet pack
it has missiles and rockets if you
thought this game couldn't get any more
awesome what goddamn wrong look at this
it's so badass okay watch this I'm gonna
thread the needle thread the needle God
oh oh shit oh okay oh it's okay I'm
recovered this is so badass it just
makes things like so much more
overpowered you would think that like
this is like a mod or something it's so
overpowered oh so majestic look at your
Nico I mean Rico oh yeah I love you so
much oh my goodness what I could I could
run it through a temple like a barrel
roll oh that's so badass yeah I am look
at me go okay watch this maybe go nice
and slow thread the needle thread the
needle easy oh gods with it doubt gone
Fred the needle thread the needle how
you doing there it comes
what's your stake hi guys how you doing
I missed the empties oh you're Mike
hello there little lady how you doing go
hey Rico oh hello you know what I bet if
I just don't even touch her she will
fall okay
Niko don't do it
okay what I won't even have to touch a
Ejiofor she's gonna fall I know she is
just wait for it
just wait Fred she'll fall listen you
stupid dumb bloody get on this bloody
chain okay there we go oh and there she
goes hello how you doing
you know just hanging around comedy
stupid gap I'm nobody's hero go over
that just hang by your head oh oh shit
oh oh okay oh oh where'd you go oh shit
unless you still alive listen make a
Plaza then why am i loving city cow
here we go you're my hero yes I am so
badass oh shit nope okay it's okay
oh and I'm out perfect
be careful okay now apparently you can
maneuver of wolves so let's try it over
here okay get ready for it
get ready for it oh hello sir how you
doing you didn't see yeah that's right
I'm not good I'm burning away is this a
new rocket I haven't seen this before
easy easy now I think you have to go
really slow I don't have to do it okay
come on
Oh easy easy
rocket boom ours is so badass I love
this so much
now I'll shit too late not now okay out
my feelings okay the time has come I
feel comfortable enough with my new
technology it is time to liberate the
sky fortress ok sky fortress coming for
your baby Jesus Christ how long do I
have to keep wingsuiting up here whoa
what's all this all this stuff is just
magically appeared whoa this is badass
bandit
oh shit oh oh oh my goodness oh god this
is the sky fortress Oh seems to be a
cloud coming in cloud you sort of sort
of ruining my shot cloud okay well
that's just great
I'll come back later I guess entering
province of the ADA - ship bullshit okay
we are approaching it oh my goodness are
they shooting rockets at me oh my god
and through the section of the bow
section oh my goodness
I think this ship is made out of like
two or three sections oh my goodness
this is badass okay okay let's shoot up
this shit survelliance Mars look how
much stuff there is okay this is going
to take very very long isn't it what is
this a troll on my upgrade okay I got it
it's fine
incoming missile base look up barrel
roll abating shit oh yeah badass oh shit
what is this thing okay
I'm looking semana semi okay I'm gonna
die oh shit I got it a cannon could I
not get in this oh man okay I'm dead
yeah I'm gonna die okay see you later
guys okay the first death of many I
guess Jesus Christ look at this place
it's absolutely massive okay okay so I
didn't respawn far away so I think I'm
just gonna have to keep on just shooting
random shit I don't even know what to
find like look at this place it's so
massive
everything is shooting at me okay I
think out this is gonna take like an
hour or like half an hour I even know
this stunt section oh crap something
it's built into two parts oh shit this
is a beta this is so badass do I shoot
this I think I shoot it oh oh oh oh
don't die okay
that was badass not inline out okay that
wasn't
okay things are going pretty slow but if
you like I'm making a dent a kind of oh
oh shit no no no no no no die don't die
don't die don't die Rico Rico get up get
up get up fly away
okay okay let him die shoot it shoot it
shoot it okay oh shit okay
I'm gonna die oh I'm gonna die what's
this do I shoot this okay so what if I
died like three times already this Skype
or just actually predict this okay don't
fly into it oh my goodness I'm dead I'm
so dead oh my god how am I not dead
okay it's right Oh died from that oh my
god if I died from that okay ladies and
gentlemen it's time to bring out the
Mpho 88 and show them how it's done baby
hasta la vie stop yeah oh shit I fell
okay not as bad as I thought oh shit
okay so as you can see from the bow
section there's actually not that much
shit left okay out oh shit I'm gonna die
okay I say we focus on the bow section
and then we'll do the other section I
think the bow section is like underneath
this bloody fortress how big is this
thing Jesus Christ okay I have been
literally flying around for like ten
minutes where the hell is this hard shit
I can't find it anywhere whatever the
hell is it wait is that it I think is
that what I need to shoot yes yes
in the section okay
wait what I got an eviction drone this
strong is now unlocked and appears as a
vehicle way no way I get a drone in this
okay so we've done the boat section now
it is time for this third section baby
now we haven't actually we've actually
got just a couple of stuff left on this
okay so it can take us that long I'll
shade oh my goodness
- there you are you stupid shit quickly
destroy where the hell is this come on I
just want this to act please just I
can't find these oh hello sir oh shit
Gilligan oh no I got the Rockets to the
crime oh my god Sarah I've been I've
been looking for you for like ten
minutes okay I've got the anti air
cannon there's one behind me as well
okay there we go
how could we shoot it shoot it okay I
got it
alright now just one more thing left
please hurry up Brandon oh shit evade oh
my goodness or everything shooting at me
oh my god that's it that's it over there
that's it right over there
okay okay okay now I think if we if we
destroyed this we liberate the whole
thing right deliberate the whole thing
we live right
whoa we unlock the bathroom splitter as
well Gloria it took like so long I took
like half an hour
okay so we've liberated the sky fortress
yay now once you deliberate the sky
fortress like we saw before we unlock
its special drums if we go onto our
rebel drop and go onto vehicles drones
should be right here let's call in the
eviction drone the EDA's corporations
heavy-hitting elite soldier its purpose
is deploy at a location and forcefully
evict anyone unauthorized equipped with
both angie air and ground weaponry it is
a very strong ally to have around or
here it comes here it comes
troll Jodi Jodi the drought oh shit look
at him go
is he just gonna follow me oh oh
droney are you okay good night can I
write it I can I can write the drone
look at him going ham this is daddy's
disease for my goodness what is he doing
okay you were just blowing up everything
Ani mr. drone
Jesus Christ
oh my goodness this is ridiculous
this soap is shit look at this shit my
goodness that's badass
okay ladies gentleman I think I'm going
to end the video here I want to thank
you guys so much for watching I love
just go three and a thank you the guys
at Just Cause for sending me idiot did
the DLC early I think it comes out soon
actually I'll just leave a date like
right down on screen right now of when
it comes out so yeah I'm really looking
forward to when it releases there's like
a bunch of like story missions but they
said I'm not allowed to show you so I
can't do this story stuff but yeah it's
a bit looks like it's pretty good DLC so
yeah I can't wait for it to come out but
anyway guys I don't think I saw which
watching and I will see you in the
goddamn next video man see later guys
love you Baba
