hey guys this mess yourself here before
we get in today's video 1 plus alright
the guys who make the 1 plus 6 phone
sent me a special package okay and look
at this cool bagger they said me okay
let's see what's in the back oh I'm so
excited
what's it a 1 plus t-shirt that's right
I'll gonna try this bad boy on oh oh my
God look at my kosher were the same ax
never settle never settle guys or I
never settled it's a good model of life
but wait that's not it
the last thing is the money saw the
money shot oh look at this sexy new bad
boy so if you guys have never heard of
the one plus six it is basically a phone
which is designed to have everything
that the user wants but a fraction of
the price all right so this Android
phone is gonna cost you about something
like 469 pounds which is a massive
saving compared to like the thousand
plus dollar phones which you can get you
know and this thing has pretty much
everything that you need you can play
some serious games on this thing so the
reason why oneplus sent me this phone is
because they've challenged me to play
any mobile game you guys won okay so
leave a comment right now on what mobile
game you would want me to play on the
new one plus six okay you have to choose
any game you want all right fortnight
pop G you know any mobile game you guys
like yeah yeah I imagine most people if
I know you're gonna want me to play
fortnight okay Mitch I don't want to
play fortnight but this is a good way to
get me to play fortnight anyway I think
one plus so much for sponsoring the
video and yeah I hope you enjoy this
video well hello everyone how is
everyone doing it is mesh yourself in
today we are back with what with your
bloody stools I made so many videos on
this shitty show okay and I keep saying
I'm not gonna do any more but to be
totally honest I really do like this
show because it does teach people like
how to act and behave if you saw
something in real life now I'm not
saying you need to be a hero or anything
but if you see something like bad in
public you should do something about it
you know like don't just sit back and
just watch you know someone being
mistreated or anything like that you
need to do something about it all right
because if everyone you know didn't do
anything if they saw something bad then
this world would be a terrible place you
know or in the first video that we're
gonna be watching is mad insults
restaurant customer who has Down
syndrome I can't believe that something
like this would actually happen in bro
life you know like like why would you
like to be offended by some guy who has
Down syndrome you know like he's
probably doing nothing by
you know and you're just gonna insult
him like that like like why
okay so guy walks through the door yeah
by yourself today okay yeah oh I see
okay
this way all right this hungry regular
can't wait to order okay he's a customer
he wanted to order some food oh I love
food take the menu there you go what can
I get for you would you want mini a
burger oh why is it good choice sounds
great as Peter makes up his mind okay
can you tell me the specials delicious
pulled pork sandwich our diner decides
his time is up
miss yes how long do you think you're
gonna be with him oh I'm sorry what what
well just seems like it's gonna be a
slow process happens more often than you
think this shit actually happens can you
believe that Wakefield school
investigates slurs against student with
Down syndrome wait no wait teenage girls
torment Down syndrome students are doing
shit like that oh my word
sickening footage captures man launching
vile abuse at disabled boy in the
Melilla street can you believe that this
like some dumb ask people in the world
the people that like sort of would
insult someone who has Down syndrome if
someone that is just just playing just
dumb playing stupid who doesn't know how
like the world works and doesn't know
like like why this person has Down
syndrome okay and it's like definitely
not their fault like they didn't want
Down syndrome so why are you gonna be
prejudiced and say stuff against them
like you it's basically saying like you
have two eyes well of course I've got
two eyes okay we're trying to say why
pointing out my eyes for is that I can't
do anything about it weird want me to do
about it people with Down syndrome so
being bullied and try to believe that
I actually can't believe if you
overheard this man being impatient and
indignant with a customer who has down
syndrom economy share that home expect
you to understand what would you do now
I'm kidding if I saw this guy do this in
real life you know I would just say you
know you do not belong here in this
restaurant you know I would make sure
that this guy is not anywhere near me
you know and it's just a bit of annoying
you know like like some people just need
to be educated a bit more about you know
like mental disabilities and you know
physical disability is just just
disabilities in general just take a few
minutes to understand their situation
and understand their disability you know
and just treat this person like a normal
human being because at the end of the
day that's that's the person that he is
okay let's see this in public now Peter
is having trouble deciding the
surrounding tables don't seem to mind
our impatient customers certainly does
use me miss hello hi yeah
I've been sitting here for like 15
minutes he's so slow can you please take
my order first I'll be right with you
just probably can't even read the menu
you can't say that kind of stuff in
public you know I'm like what's the big
deal just just wait you know why are you
even here if you're if you're in a rush
so much to just wait for your turn you
big head I don't think I've ever said to
what a ticket in any of my videos when I
see a dickhead I just gotta call him a
ticket I'll be right with you
okay you probably can't even read the
menu then hurry yes woman does our best
again they come over Tara or just yet
babe it was stupid when he redirects his
anger from Lauren people with Down
syndrome have a guardian where's your
guardian Oh enjoy my night well you're
slowing everything down these people
haven't received an order these people
out were so she decides she said are you
talking he's taking forever stop it he
should have somebody with him and just
when we thought it was over
why are you defending a retarded
and I am in a hurry I have a business
ago yeah turns out for her hits close to
home
most the home I'm Jeff hi I'm John
quinones yeah it's okay weird about this
TV show you know like this is a social
experiment we basically just pranked
this old granny
yeah just treat people like how you like
to be treated you know it's such a
simple rule you know and like I feel
like some people just still don't know
that and still bully people about stupid
dumb things that people has no control
over we roll again we're both women
again you think this guy wants a drink I
have Arnold Palmer's so it's lemonade
and iced tea okay thank you guys oh you
like your Palmer drink they react to
Mike's tasteless behavior Oh miss can
you can you just take my order first
please reject him he won't care I have
come in a hurry
you have your G&G giraffe come on you
can see the waitress steps away
well no Guardian with you you're by
yourself he offers Micah - yeah I mean
I've been sitting here I don't even know
that people with Down syndrome could
even go out by themselves I'm not gonna
patronize this place if they let people
like that in here after he leaves he
gives Peter one more sign of and he
wasn't the only one yeah throughout the
day customers refused to ally with my
speeder to pay no mind to this hostile
help diner that no I don't mad at me why
I said you know people who would do this
kind of thing are just like idiots
because they don't understand how the
world works so you can't get offended by
an idiot because this idiot doesn't even
know why he's being an idiot because
he's an idiot okay that explanation was
terrible now I feel like an idiot these
guys we annoy me oh I hope I'm not
following you it's fist-pump the one
thing that you're gonna say is that you
know I don't think we're there just yet
about treating you know people with Down
syndrome like normal people just because
they're mentally challenged doesn't mean
you know like they don't like understand
things you know like they do have a
brain so yeah just be normal with them
don't feel like you need to
fist bump them take all day with
somebody like him
he's obviously mentally challenged and
right away this woman makes a beeline
for the manager role
she's complained to the manager right
now a gal with her sisters health she
confronts Mike directly I'm sorry I'm in
a hurry and this guy's taking forever
or met with reinforcements he's taking
forever
our inconsiderate customs does just that
thanks anyway but not before sharing
some parting words you should have
somebody here with you all right you
should have a guardian which nearby as
the restaurant rallies around people I'm
leaving I'm leaving
yeah well I won't be back here to Palm
very got it's a shitty TV show all right
my sister came in I said I don't know
what to do
sure he sat there any her
and if that really happened oh yeah of
course she said because she's gonna be
like relating it as if like something
like this this poor guy has to go
through this problem you know like
imagine how this guy you're making this
person with Down syndrome feel he
already does feel like he's not a normal
person but like telling in that you know
like that'sthat's that's some powerful
stuff okay so overall I am glad that
some people jumped in you know and I
hope you guys would would do too you
know everyone deserves to be treated you
know a fairly and nicely you know and
yeah don't be an idiot
okay the next video that we're gonna be
watching is customer abuses employee
with Down syndrome okay now I think that
one was a pretty pretty stupid because
like it was such a stupid reason to yell
at him you know and yeah so I want kind
of want to see this video to where it's
the same thing but you know in like
shopping now
okay so regular supermarket all right
everyone's buying food all right
someone's packaging the bags and stuff
and ER and and
what's going on yeah it's Down syndrome
okay oh here's little describe to have
any sex buddy you speed it up a bit
okay sure our juggle sizes okay what
genius bent the retarded Express line
Wow
you rent the girls the guys trying to
like what you know this is this job
isn't it good that like he can even do
this as I drop you know like he's
feeling good about self like this poor
guy it's good so it when he just you
know just doing his job
you're at the grocery store when you
notice one of their employees Peter has
been homeless he's getting the job done
but not quite fast enough for this
impatient customer if you see a grocery
bagger getting mocked and ridiculed
simply because he has Down syndrome what
would you do no I'm kidding I don't
understand this dumb shit in America why
do you have people to bag your own shit
you know I don't understand why it's
even a job in the first place you know
and especially you gonna complain about
not being fast enough just do it
yourself you got a problem you lazy also
American you shouldn't hire these people
they waste everyone's time okay this
would never lie whoa what a dumb reason
to get mad will she respond to our
actors obscene remark okay so how slow
is going
that's not nice okay double that maybe
you should mind your own business
that is my business anytime I see
anybody being discriminated against your
mistreating this young man and you
oughta cut it out as he takes it I walk
of shame she has some parting words yeah
you're not back in here I'm I'm really
sorry ma'am I was in the back of my head
I said oh this is gonna be a John Flynn
onus oh no she wasn't
I've seen people victimized and picked
on there are always people who are gonna
bully other people and I just don't like
that oh I have to speak out it you have
to speak out everyone has to speak out
we're rolling again okay okay oh you
need to do a little bit better than that
and immediately to customers rally
around trying something give him a
chance
give him a chance he's taken too long
yeah go away he's trying to make a
living he's trying to get out and do
something you're gonna be so little so
you help even though Peter is getting
the job done
oh no he's all messed up it's just not
good enough for our ball I'm going fast
I can
you're winning this you want in this
what can I help
that's when these two customers there
you go that's the way should do it I'm
doing him a favor
now he gets trained correctly here you
go sir
now go away politely hands in the bags
and then calmly returns to the back of
the line but what if instead of a sir oh
how steamer is a man other shoppers with
so much when we send in mission paper or
plastic
I didn't know we were in this slowly no
honey I hope you are not in a rush
because this is the retarded life right
away this substitute teacher imparts a
lesson in commotion substr teacher I
work as a teacher and I try to do
sensitive to someone's name yes
sometimes we all need to do that
you know what though I think they should
train him in the back first with the
dented cans and then he would know what
he's doing well he shouldn't be working
here I mean he's clearly yeah just
looking out for all the customers you
should work a little faster
Oh Michelle gone she asks Peter to pay
her no mind I the sweetest thing ever
you know like no one deserves to be
treated like that you know what and
someone was treated like that you know
give this poor girl look you know he
doesn't deserve that
oh man that's the cutest thing I've ever
seen hey John now I'm kidding John's
okay all right just sometimes he comes
in a little bit too early you know you
know like like me you're on what would
you do yeah what did you have to say to
her I said to her that the word she's
using or not drop is not it was very
touching when you went to him and oh
yeah what were you trying to say to him
I was trying to say in him that
everybody isn't like that yeah yeah I
think he deserved a hug oh he did that's
like the cutest thing I've ever seen man
yeah some people just kind of need a hug
you know people need to hug people more
you know out the day customers embrace
our bagger while fighting the urge to
strangle Michelle why do you guys hire
these people oh my god
this customer is on her way out but old
comes back to ring up my shop but
nothing could prepare us for Caroline
Bruno oh my first day this is ridiculous
you serve should be in the back oh she's
not even in line but can no longer stay
quiet I'm very offended for you to call
that boy out like that here in front of
him in public to see how long he's taken
it to absolutely fine with me and with
most people in the school well he
shouldn't be working out oh you I wish
you weren't here
yes I was fine with that boy be
did anyone agree with her that this boy
shouldn't be working here yeah no no
what are you free with you ma'am
or a man calm down okay our actor Peter
Brzezinski says people with Down
syndrome are working hard to lead
productive lives on the run it's an
important reminder it is man I'm a
Walmart to other people who have
talented come out here
they could live on your own they prefer
about math reading so feel good to know
you you'll win them over just like you
want all of us man what a great actor
you know that was so cute you know like
yeah like like actually just talk to
this person and then you'll soon realize
that this person is literally just a
normal person you know like but they
have like a disability which you should
respect and understand okay lemon on the
end the video there I love these what
would you do videos you know because
like I do feel like they make they do
show some important messages to people
you know and like if I can you know
express my opinion and you know make the
world a little bit of a better place
then you know I'm gonna keep doing it
either way they go so much for watching
leave a like if you want me to continue
this as a series of what would you do
and I'll see you in the next video man
so the guys well bye
