there is something very fishy going on
with these two girls I we come up the
solution oh my gosh Becky can you
believe that slut Sarek didn't even
invite me to our birthday party
yeah I know right there are such bitches
come we just like shit all over their
faces oh my god Becky that is so totally
a big idea what that bloody hell is
wrong with these two girls
oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is mesh yourself there and today lace
Jim and you guys were the title we are
bad with the seriously shimmer we're
back with yandere simulator yet again
there's a new update yet again so we're
gonna be doing it yet again yeah yeah
now look at your Darryl a gem does she
look fine with that super brown hair
with them glasses on I like it all right
now apparently there's new students who
look at this guy's gonna bloody all
banned now oh shit that's the leader of
the martial arts God well oh shit he's
the bloody emo girl she's got a wrist
band too
I think she's the leader of the bloody
sitting iris Club what are you looking
at she's new but he skulls on the head
Jesus Christ with every update this guy
does the game just becomes so much more
laggy Jesus Christ
ow okay now with this new update the
main thing he has added is bloody clubs
okay look at the up Gold Club now it has
a bloody chair okay
Eero chair oh shit here we go here we go
all the bloody guys are going to their
bloody clubs oh shit everyone with black
hair belongs in your Kolkata look at him
reading horse at bloody a cult devil
born devil born oh shit look all these
bloody nuts
bloody reading what is this bloody shit
as the martial arts Club changed all it
bloody well has okay ladies gentlemen so
what I have decided I'm going to ask the
leader the one with the band oh shit
where you going huh up everybody change
it to his bloody karate uniform this is
ha ha
okay that's really cool okay um so yeah
we're gonna ask the leader if we can
join no you bloody gate welcome to the
martial arts club
what brings you here if you join our
club I guarantee that you'll be able to
defend yourself from anyone that might
try to hurt you oh okay
look are you running a fan to go well
can i joy interested in joining the club
all we ask is that you show up at least
once a week okay fantastic we're now an
official member of the martial arts
place I'm looking forward to teaching
you everything I know
I cannot wait to lug the clear a path
everybody what's done to fight big what
little pop panties what wait wait where
is everyone going guys I just bloody
join the club where's everyone going uh
okay I guess class is starting
okay so oh hello says this bloody gong
for man want to bloody kiss me is that
why accept me in the club looking at you
bloody ho okay now I believe we can
actually do the glad day off to school
so let's fast forward to that shit oh
okay what's going on um uh okay well um
sure
is this sex yeah like that shit I am oh
yeah I look at him look how much inside
he isn't huh oh yeah can I join in oh
shit I interrupted okay
well that's just great okay here we go
martial arts club seems to a vacant
place
can we get changed oh that's cool oh
this guy doesn't know what to do can you
go stop spinning oh shit the bloody
other one oh look at all lesbian shit oh
look out look at this kinky shit Jesus
Christ was this human centipede part
Gandhari
okay I think I'm breaking the game Oh
guys move out the way and go fight fight
fight Oh gotta get a personal today
possibly don't know what to do we just
got our bloody spin
oh great these girls really love being
inside each other don't they yeah guys
that's not how you are that's not how
you enter uh a door um guys look at this
shit they think they're bloody in here
but they're not
okay come on girls what's your name it's
bloody boo - listen boo do I am ready to
fight you bloody gate what brings you
here Oh club activity we're not quite
ready for club activity just yet
come back any time between 5:00 and 5:30
what the what what am I supposed to do
for five hours I mean two hours I mean
an hour I mean what this girl has been
spending the past hour just trying to
get in hopefully she will do it come on
go I believe in you look how patient
this guy on the left is oh it's fine
cheap she did it
okay well done yang Tory Chan is gonna
become the strongest most powerful
person in the whole of this school
inside epic training montage
everybody okay okay so this is it I'm
just gonna bloody kick with my right leg
hello
oh no that's it okay dong ding dong ah
it is Tuesday everybody's favorite day
of the week baby girl
okay what hair do I want today oh my
gosh do I want glasses ah ah ah I will
have the goody now meows oh look a
senpai looking so sexy it looks just
like me listen omo or me you shitty your
class was bloody shit last time okay III
want to leave a compliment gossip I
can't leave I have to wait sorry never
mind
oh sorry sensei oh please don't not
karate chop my face off
welcome to the martial art yeah yeah I
don't you eat okay so listen
you bloody gate your club was shit I
want to leave are you thinking of
leaving the club no I just I just told
you yes I'm sorry to see you go I don't
care you're still welcome to spar with
us anytime you'd like
oh how bloody nice of you you bloody gay
I swear to God I will go put a curse
upon your family
come who are ya okay so things with the
martial arts club didn't go as the plan
okay but there is still one more club me
bloody got cold Club
oh here's the leader of the club what's
she bloody doing spying on the girls
there is something very fishy going on
with these two as I we come up the
solution oh my gosh Becky can you
believe that slut Sarek didn't even
invite me to our birthday party yeah I
know right there is such bitches come we
just like shit all over their faces oh
my god Becky that is so totally a a big
idea what that bloody hell is wrong with
these two girls
okay listen girl can I can I join your
club no you have to be in the thing okay
I've got a weight off the school okay
bye
yep it's off oh sorry are now gated
hahaha there she is
the bloody leader of the occult Club or
shed Lockridge she's bloody scarier oka
roju listen god I'm bloody scared right
now but I want to join the club
um hi hello what is your club about we
are devoted to the research of
supernatural and paranormal phenomena
okay which is pickles vampire bat demon
demon
Illya flap psychics and time travellers
I got anyone who joins our club will
develop a resistance and rific and
terrifying thee or succumb to them
bloody funny huh okay okay man up yo D
join the shitty day P club you actually
want to join um I hope I don't regret
this okay I am the member of the bloody
occult Club okay what do I do
read books is this the bloody activity
okay let's wait till 5 o'clock okay
and let's see what the activity is I
think I want to know what the bloody
wall activity is okay the time is now
five o'clock time to do the activity um
hi I know let's do the clapping I guess
we're going to attempt to summon a demon
again will you help us we will help you
I don't want no demons okay just stay
calm we can get through this excellent
hmm I hope it works this time I don't
just - it's just too much
this is this bathrooms this is bad news
CJ okay the demons are coming rocky
other demons ha bloody well coming rocky
that demons Hadean ones okay okay now
Brandon can you bloody piss off now can
you try and roleplay for at least two
seconds for the love of God okay enough
messing around the ACOG Club attempts to
summon a demon they do not succeed
okay that's some freaky shit okay Jesus
Christ oh my goodness
this is very crazier okay now that's
pretty much it for clubs now I know
there's been two more Easter eggs added
in bloody Falcon mode and one bunch mode
let's try Falcon Oh
welcome hahahaha oh shit look at us see
stuck ha ha ha ha hilarious Oh
okay now I'm guessing one punch mode is
from the one punch anime yeah yeah and
cut couple people as well
this is just one punch I barely have the
movement I'm finished look at our new
lab that's funny anyway guys only thing
guys so much for watching is so much fun
whenever I make videos unary simulator
I'm not sure if anyone actually likes it
I like it that's the only reason why I
keep making videos on it but yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed if you did leave a
goddamn like as soon as we hit 10,000
I'm gonna make another be honest but
it's probably gonna be when the next
update comes I really love this game
okay so it's it makes for great videos
but yeah anyway guys I don't think I so
much watching let's try and hit 10,000
likes that'll be awesome we could and I
was seeing you in the goddamn mix with
your man see later guys I love you with
all my heart
good bye now okay okay
