I'm back to steal more money
okay we'll just end it with just me
getting shot why not
it's okay
whoo hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is mesh yourself there today we
are back with sneak-thief now today's
Nikki video is the lost sneak-thief
video there is only two levels which we
have not done the University and nuclear
and the nuclear difficulty is insane
now probably gonna rage a lot in this
video but you know what guys I think I'm
gonna do it
alright last first off University okay
we have spawned in a university what
they should why am i stealing from a
bloody University is that bloody
students that are gonna come and kill me
if I if I still there you know textbooks
okay everyone stay calm alright I'm sure
it's fine oh god what's happening
there's lasers over there anyone over
here okay coast is clear
do I just walk through the front door
hello what does shit the hell's going on
why is there dead students is on the
floor what's happening to university I
just gotta make sure okay well that was
quick okay so I need to be very careful
because there's guys everywhere look
there's a guy over there I just saw a
guy in hey what the hell okay okay
listen listen you good boy okay can we
take him down can we take him down get
ready for it get ready for it yeah yeah
hey yeah I can't I can't take him down I
can't take him down Oh
okay sneaked on by or I make sure this
guy doesn't see me make sure this guy
doesn't see me open the door all right
now could first grab the shotgun should
we just try and kill him oh that's like
ten of them I can't do this with
shooting them they're gonna just shoot
me so quickly okay guys let's everyone
you know calm the shit down okay we
can't do this with weapons okay we're
gonna take the shotgun just in case okay
but we're gonna try and find another way
but in the meantime pick this god damn
painting pills okay that's it we need
all the drugs we can get take a grenade
okay when to be very careful all right
there's a little passage here hello
all right coast is clear it's okay guy I
will avenge you okay what a police my
word they're killing police officers so
what's going on right now is the
University just being you know like oh I
just kicked that thing is the university
being raided by these SWAT guys I don't
understand
okay guys be very sneaky huh there's a
guy right there easy he doesn't see me
okay there's a switch here and I think
it was for the lasers in that room so
let's flip this switch and be very
careful okay oh there's a hole in the
wall going Oh what the shit what is that
over there
oh no the rest in piece of this police
officer easy oh this guy right oh no
okay these guys didn't see anything
what's going on man I don't know we'll
keep your eyes out man he could be
anywhere well I'm right behind you
I'm dead okay this games so hard man how
do you beat this game so I think I can
see some tactic if I open this door and
then I can go straight left and I can
crouch and go through this door all
right by heater watch out because the
guy's gonna come through that door so
flip the switch and then go through this
hole in the wall
take the nuclear material how much this
worth by the way shit oh yeah forgot to
check how much I even need oh I think I
just heard him oh god there's a guy
there oh oh oh how am I doing this
okay just run run run run run so now we
can go through here and now this side
the lasers
shouldn't be there okay the guys gonna
be coming though okay he saw me okay I
thought so and this is the oh hey guys
now so I need five million dollars so
I'm guessing I just still five nuclear
materials
okay the guy's gone through there and
now we don't go do this fraud or huh
what the shit they doing in this world
okay so there's another room there to
check out but I can Crouch through here
there's two guys here whatever you do
man we need to protect this nuclear
material okay you got it boss no one's
getting through no one's getting through
except me I'm gonna sneak on by huh I
got it you didn't see anything your
little shitty man through here again
okay so we have two million dollars
maybe three more anyone over here ah
okay coast is clear
anyone in this room oh I'm scared to
open it guys we're gonna open the door
in three two one
sorry dude okay okay I'm sorry I did I
didn't mean to open the door on you
playing Minecraft I'm sorry okay I'm
only kidding guys there's no one in this
room or I open this door there's just
some nuclear material open it okay do
you think this door is bloody risky guys
anyone here hello no okay I think the
coast is clear
mmm look there's a guy right there no
one's stealing this shit I swear to God
okay guys I don't want to risk it I'm
gonna close the door I ain't going in
there there's so many rooms guys what
which one do I pick anyone in this room
I hope we can't all be careful I don't
think anyone's in this room
take it all right we need one
four million dollars left is a door here
is our passageway there is oh no I was
so close at the end okay guys don't go
through the little gap in the wall okay
I'm gonna take the shotgun just in case
should we try and go through the front
door open
okay be very careful all right is there
any guys here we're at where are the
guys I saw two but I think there might
be three oh god there's a guy there
oh no how do you not see me could this
work I saw somebody over there oh no
nothing do nothing nothing I swear
oh it's one dude there is that anymore I
think there was white because there was
what one person who saw me like from
from the gap in the wall oh oh oh okay
guys all right I'm gonna stand my ground
I'm sure okay guys I don't think I can
do that last place stealth I think I'll
have to go in and just try and shoot
them at the best I can without dying oh
I forgot
oh oh oh shit I messed up oh shit I
pressed key okay oh this room behind
this room oh shit okay well this game is
harder than I thought alright guys my
new tactic is to throw a grenade in the
room three two one okay well that name
why is this game so hard
okay guys clearly nothing is working I
think my next tactic is I'm gonna try
and bait them out come on come on come
on come on come on go go go go go go go
okay that's insanely ridiculous how does
one do that oh my god oh my god oh I was
so close that time Jesus okay guys I
think I can get it I just got to be
really super quick I'm a five million
dollars in less than one minute okay
how you guys doing with your life okay I
just made what five million dollars like
oh my word
that was amazing I am amazing at this
game come on you can't touch this man
okay so that was the university level
now I rage so much doing that you know
but now we have to do the last level
nuclear okay guys wish me luck okay
oh we spawn in on a lonely night there's
lasers right in front of me what the
shit how much do I have to steal million
dollars warning no trespassing area is
monitored 24/7 intruders may be shocked
detained or prosecuted oh shit guys why
is the tree growing on top of my car
okay let's stop asking questions will
happen if I go through here oh okay well
I get shot soon as I start so there's
two guys
that's spawned right in front here okay
well how the hell do I get past get into
this building then oh look guys look
there's some two guys guarding this this
this bunker looks like it and there's
this big gray building out here what the
hell's going on oh look guys there's a
hole in the ground with what sneaked
through the hole
guys are men or can be very very careful
okay we are sneaking in into a
government I even know what the hell's
going on look they got servers and stuff
what is this place we've got take some
pills drugs
wait what what was that a million
dollars I just saw a mitt I didn't have
forgot to read it I clicked it fast okay
so we got to steal a briefcase worth it
oh here it is
nuclear launch codes we what are we
stealing from the American government
are we stealing launch codes and then
selling them to North Korea
what the hell am i doing here guys we
are bloody selling the North the launch
codes
- bloody America okay oh my goodness
okay so we're in this bunker all right
I'm guessing that way is the way that I
just saw all right that leaves us to the
building okay okay we don't want to go
outside here because I'm pretty sure two
guys are guarding it remember man we
ain't learn anyone passed us okay this
guy's told me okay well I just I just
said you know don't go there and I went
there now look what's happening okay
just kill me this point okay yeah I'm
dead this time we won't go left we're
gonna go right all right into this room
now be very careful there's more launch
codes there is anyone in this room no
yike okay do you think there's a guy
gonna be coming through this door guys I
can hear him I can hear them I hope
nobody takes our launch codes
okay guys coast is clear this guy's gone
we can now go this way around the
triangles as stealth as I can guys easy
Oh what do I do now do I go left do I go
right let's go right let's go right all
right oh my goodness I'm so scared guys
I do not want to die there's a switch
here what the hell would that switch do
oh there's another area here be careful
be careful any guys left all right guy
here oh there's a guy just went there
let's go this way
careful careful careful own owners take
all the computers take all the monitors
take every day I'm up to five million
guys I'm halfway there I'm halfway there
go go go go go go go go go go go go go
easy easy right quickly
sneak take the launch codes all right go
go go we're gonna go over to the switch
press the switch all right this guy's
gonna come over here he's gonna go
around the corner yes right go you piece
of shit go you
shit you ain't seeing me up okay
I just ruined it alright okay alright
let's just argon you guys oh look guys
there's a vault door this is what the
switches must do there's five switches
and I have to press every single one
okay I get it now
easy alright guy there alright sneak
past him go go go go go I'm up to four
million guys come on press the switch
boom like I just want to pass me
alright we're gonna go right go go go go
go there's a briefcase here take it sit
five million where is he shit I don't
know where he is I don't know where he
is
I can hear oh there is shit shit go go
go go go go go go go oh he saw me okay
Wow Wow alright there he is he's walking
past alright now go go go go go go go go
go why we're gonna jump take this launch
codes we're up to 6 million guys flip
the switch alright we go with doing it
we're doing it we're doing it with doing
it be very careful sneak sneak sneak
don't see me don't see me don't see me
boom okay we got past him guys we are so
close now we're up to 6 million 4
million left let's go alright wait wait
is he gonna is gonna switch he's gonna
switch oh god oh he's going around he's
going around he's going around he's
going around is going around okay okay
okay nothing to steal alright there's a
switch here go go go go go go flip it
flip it flip it
alright two more switches left two more
switches left on our coast is clear guys
here oh no I'm scared to go up guys I'm
scared to go up okay you didn't see me
but what if he turns around oh god what
do i do what do i do what do i do do go
straight I think I've been straight
right now I haven't been here I haven't
not been here I've not been here oh no
guys I'm so confused what do i do shit
oh that's where that guy looked around
okay this place is like a maze okay I'm
not dead just yet but i'ma try and run
okay and now this guy's following me
okay well there's guys everywhere okay
I'm gonna die alright let's use this
time to look at the area all right
because this place is a bloody maze
house to know where this shit is oh
what's this
there's a new area oh god there's a
switch a switch guys okay I'm so gonna
die I'm so gonna die
oh god this guy's there okay okay okay
what do i do what do i do what do i do
what do i do what do i do oh god okay
this guy's gonna kill me now oh okay
guys I'm so dead oh god this guy there
is he coming off to me no it's not gonna
go go go go organize the alarms going
off but I don't care I do not care I'm
just gonna try kill them as fast as I
can
yes Steph's a lot harder than I thought
guys but trust me I'll get it guys
alright so I think I know where I'm
going I don't want to go there cuz
that's where I came right wait no it's
not oh that's oh I haven't seen that
thing before okay okay guys I'm gonna
wait here and I'll wait for him to turn
around okay guys okay cautiously Oh Oh
guys we haven't been in this room before
oh it's the gun room oh my god oh my god
there's guns everywhere holy shit okay
guys okay guys okay guys we've only got
two most million we've got four more
minutes still oh no one more switch
right one more switch okay so right is
the the right way so I meant to go right
and then right I think so no that guy's
dead cake go go
okay I'm learning about the process of
in order to complete this level but man
is very hard man okay well I have been
busted again
okay okay okay okay it's fine it's fine
it's fine I mean this is pretty far it's
just it's just for more briefcases and
you know I've only got one more switch
and I know where the net loss switch
they're coming they're coming they're
coming they're coming okay just go just
go just go I don't care don't care okay
there's enough people dead enough people
dead right now we go straight and and
right okay oh no no no no no alright we
go to this room and then we take a right
and then we take another right and I
think the lost switch is here
go go go go the last switch the last
original ostrich the loss switch I got
it I got it I got it I got it but
where's the other four million dollars I
don't know oh my what what the hell are
we doing what the hell are we doing go
up the stairs what is this leading up to
guys I'm so confused what the hell's
going on
take nuclear launch codes wait nuclear
rocket guys we just lost a nuclear
rocket oh no guys they're gonna come
they're gonna come kill me they're gonna
come kill me we get the hell out of it
we need to get the hell out of me oh no
oh no just one just one just run guys
they're coming they're coming they're
coming I could just run just run just
run get distance but we need to get
distance guys come on we can do this
two down is that it is that all of them
oh no guys I'm so scared anyone here
coaches clear well I don't I don't I
don't I
oh my god oh my god anymore anymore
anymore anymore anymore
run guys I think that was before guys
that came from the top that was before
guys that must have seen the rocket just
one okay quick quick quick exhibit
careful careful
go ahead no go ahead no two guys that
God I did it a holy shit
oh my god guys I actually did it yeah
I can't believe I actually did it you
have to like the video for that man that
was so crazy I can't believe I did that
that's insane okay
I'm gonna end the video here I actually
loved doing this as a series okay I saw
this game like ages ago and it was kind
of shitty alright and I still think it's
kind of shitty but it kind of makes for
fun videos and I can see why people like
it let me know if you want to see more
gaming videos like this in the future
and I'll see you in the next video man
slowly guys buh-bye
much said
oh god damn mm I don't know maybe
something I'm giving up on you
it's okay
