oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
es mejor selfie at the dilation we are
back yet again finally with the phone
Wow
yes I am finally ready to start making
fallout 4 videos again like I've been to
dogmeat piss off and do mind roll it but
I want to be in the intro so yeah I'm
finally doing fallout 4 again did I say
fallout 3 I don't know um I'm doing
fallout 4 again because I think I've put
enough time and enough research into the
game where I can now start making
quality videos so what we are going to
be doing today ladies gentleman is that
someone told me to go to this point in
the map University point okay they said
don't do any research on it just see
what happens and see who you meet so me
and dogmeat I'm going to bloody well
find out I'm so excited to go on this
adventure with you risk Oh now I don't
know what to expect
it could be something scary it could be
something funny it could it could just
be a load of shit and this is just a
waste of my time really don't get me do
you smell anything fishy can you smell
the fish okay dose someone there I can
hear you get me out of this thing what
God is that you yes bad it is me God has
me get out of the sky I'm a floating
head
oh shit it looks like it's coming from
this fridge is someone in there let me
out whoa someone's in the fridge
no way you might be dangerous no I'm not
I don't have any weapons or anything
I've been trapped in here for so long
trav let me out all right don't gotta
sass me I could bloody walk away no
personal fridge okay come on dog bitch
this probably wasn't the thing that we
looking for anyway piss off you still
there
okay I'm back hello okay we should
probably ask who the bloody hell are you
my name is Billy
please I've been trapped in here for so
long I'm not falling for that trick
Billy you bastard what you can't do this
hurt me ow Braddock did you hear that
dog mate he buddy called me a bastard
guy would you I would no tolerate such
nonsense okay Brandon I'm just looking
for the mayonnaise maybe you could grab
it for me
you second shelf right next to the
pudding funny that's not funny at all
what kind of horrible person would say
that your kids stuck in a refrigerator
he just called me not funny
okay that's like 90% in the comment
section oh hello my lucky dog me dope
what's the play student either doing it
I thought this is my bloody hate to
protect me shit
okay enough messing around I'll open the
bloody door for you
yes I can't wait to get out okay shut up
stupid I think it's stuck you might have
to shoot it shoot the door okay here
goes nothing I guess three two
nice that's not funny
and now I'm just wet oh for goodness
sake okay we're not messing around let's
go talk to this in this cage thank you
thank you so much okay Billy calm down
now um you look like something that was
left in the fridge too long oh shit
that's bloody funny I hate to tell you
this but your parents are probably dead
you really think so oh shit alone
who's going to take care of me you um
piss off shut up get your new own piss
off you you are just gonna leave me here
well you're an asshole I hate you what
Billy why would you be so mean uh it's
what he called me an old soul it
happened so long ago back before
everything got wrecked
worley heard the sirens I tried to find
someplace safe when everything started
to shake and fall apart I just crawled
inside what quiet again I tried to get
out but there isn't a handle on the
inside I just want to go home can you
help me Wally's he's been alive since
the bloody war two hundred even as the
war was 200 years ago right okay let's
go find a home Thanks
I live in Quincy or at least I use okay
yeah yeah different yeah yeah yeah yeah
Billy okay
well it's really now gonna follow me
take Billy home babysitting
oh shit piss off Billy okay okay Billy
where do you live you live all the way
down here okay that's actually not that
far Billy okay I will take you home okay
you better give me some money for this
you bloody gay wait why am I taking this
kid home listen you've been alive for
200 years your berries are bloody dead
okay well I'm old shit I'm I'm gonna be
looking off this kid for the rest of my
life all right okay
you're stupid oh where you go oh shit
taking care of kids is hard and I
thought Billy
can you stop running off okay Jesus
Christ kids nowadays what the bloody
hell was that okay I think that was a
John Cena mod I I forgot to uninstall
Billy's parents are you in there
oh shit did I just Dutch get calm dot
dogmeat found an enemy okay doc meet
wait hello
don't meet I can't see an enemy Billy oh
shit they fight broken Billy Jesus
Christ Billy I can't go two seconds
anywhere without some guys trying to
kill us okay it's you you've been
attracting all these bloody gays Jesus
Christ Billy do I have to keep looking
at you every two seconds to make sure
you're okay and who the hell is this guy
a cute kid
is he for sale cute kid
is he for sale uh for the right price
yeah please don't sell me to the sky
I'll give you 200 caps right now two
hundred caps
what a bloody bargain okay sold kid you
found a bloody new home come on kid
holes this is just gonna go I've got
some holes I need to be digging Billy
and I ain't talking about no Minecraft
oh shit Billy I'm sorry just gonna go
Billy I'm so sorry hey Billy asshole
Billy why so me oh shit okay maybe I
shouldn't have done that
what's the cool worth Charles was
Oh archive changed your mind I'm still
willing to buy their kid from you
what never yeah your Lord shut up Billy
hey Billy I hope we find out what
happened to my mom and dad my mom and
dad's dead but for goodness sake what
the hell's this goddamn Brotherhood piss
off my can I destroy this helicopter oh
shit look at this burning Oh
oh shit okay here we are we have entered
Quincy okay now apparently his parents
used to live here before the war okay
but this is now run by Gunners Oh Billy
don't don't no Billy Billy she we need
we need to think about this Billy okay
now this Raiders everywhere okay so be
on the lookout that's it now sneak home
ba nobody has to see us oh shit what is
that oh shit there's about four bloody
Gunners okay lampposts oh wait have they
seen us oh shit
Billy I think they've seen us Billy you
need to get the hell out there believe
no don't fight them Billy well this is
not gonna end well is it oh shit oh shit
well there goes his head - okay Billy
really what's the fight than doesn't he
I'll shit he's dead again well this is
great
oh shit Frank mine
this is the reason why I don't have kids
now Billy please watch yourself for the
love of God okay let's try and go around
I'll shit the game crashed okay I'm
having to go all the way round to avoid
any enemies but I think we are nearly
there and here we are ladies gentlemen
we are at Billy's home oh shit that
looks like it's gonna be a dead corpse
Billy what the hell no no way what is
that really you me it's really me
I thought you were dead what happened to
you you're over end up like me we're
ghouls Billy the radiation changed us
looks like it did the same thing to you
yeah worry about it Billy
your dad and I don't care what you look
like we still love you little boy it's
okay Matt did you there in the house I
want those goals especially that kid
what you can give him a peaceful life or
die trying to save them that's the men
that tried to buy me dad they want Billy
it won't take us Caroline at least not
alive whoa Billy get upstairs whoa we're
gonna fight bullet what do we do whoa
how about I sell them to you how about I
sell them to you that deal is off the
table
whoa I got my boys here with me now
uh-oh no point in buying but I can just
take Oh
take millions out like them take ballad
ocean shit Billy keep writing that Billy
we will sort this shit out okay
everyone's dead I'll wait Billy why hear
me Billy there's a Grinnell my god let's
try this shit again okay what if I just
give them to you you can have them why
should I risk my life all right boys
let's collect our new work
oh shit stranger you can just move along
oh my god
smart move not going up against us oh
shit
it's time for you to step off I'll take
care of this lot from here I'm shitty
you bastard you sold us out to to him oh
sure monster oh sorry guys okay what a
mess roar these big guys with me on know
they're putting their hands up oh man
this is sad oh shit I feel bad time you
bastard hi you bastard hey hey okay
let's try and convincing him the house
is empty
looks like they left in a hurry god
dammit we're heading south time we do it
we did okay we resolve the problem
peacefully no we're not to die hi guys
yes uh hey everybody's back a little boy
and saving us from that man it's okay
I'm glad we found you I'm glad we found
you here take this I wish I had more to
give you but we don't have much saw to
the cops
okay well let's test it
well Billy I guess this is time where we
part ways I'm not gonna lie Billy I'm
kind of gonna miss you okay
we sure did have our fun anyway guys I'm
gonna end the video here this was a
really cool side mission that I'm gonna
do I'm gonna be doing fallout 4
regularly again as soon as we hit 10,000
likes on this video I'm gonna keep doing
it maybe weekly and maybe earlier than
that I don't know like I think I've now
got enough video ideas to make like a
proper good series I needed some time
this game is absolutely massive and like
this it's impossible for me to know
everything within the first month or two
months okay
but I think I know enough now okay
ladies gentleman anyway guys I want that
guys so much watching oh shit the
Razorback whoops okay before this turns
ugly I'm the video hey guys so to watch
again I will see you in the car damage
for the old man silly the guys love you
that's not funny
