I'm trying
Christmas I can't wait to see those
faces lock it around Christmas tree at
the Christmas party huh jingle bell
jingle bell
jingle bells
before everyone how's everyone doing is
much silver and adulation it's Christmas
Christmas
ah fuck too scared
so hi guys Mustafa and today we are
doing a Christmas Q&A with my two
sisters at candy and brandy again hi hi
yay
so yeah else you guys on Twitter for
some questions for not for a mint well
you're a bloody day so yeah we're gonna
answer some questions on twelve but
before we do that okay
cuz I have bought you your Christmas
okay now I know it's not Christmas just
yet but I'm giving you permission to
open it now
so go oh so what do you think okay so
now they're all dressed up for Christmas
okay um put some Christmas crackers okay
so who wants to go first I won - great
go piss off your blood again okay what
do you call a boomerang that doesn't
come back that's a stick
you okay enough bus around let's do some
questions
what's your favorite Christmas song last
Christmas last Christmas I gave you my
heart but the very next day you sucked
on my face - I'm Oliver Krishna
okay it's sad too real no yes
whoa Sun is not real no you don't
believe you're the devil I not believe
happy so Santa's not real how can you
say Santa's not real oh because he's not
what it means bright not yes huh fine
xx's they got not that serious
but do you know for Christmas I'll be
three he's a hyper ho do a Santa
impression Oh Merc Christmas friend I
see America very wise cowboy my son to a
cowboy
oh man christen like just say fun
Santa's turning around in his grave
right now oh okay now I know there's
gonna be hard but what's the most
annoying thing about having me as a
brother you eat all the food in the
house watch the hot dog you do food is
there meant to be eaten listeners
Christmas okay Christmas is about eating
everything all right do you know I love
muffin - what are your new year's
resolutions my news resolution is to
just be as perfect that's already out
okay cuz you know you know how it is hey
hey if there was a tiger would you run
just shoot or shoot and run but most
shots will be inaccurate and you won't
run as fast I get the question I can't
watch a blood bank you will understand
what this guy's saying what is he saying
okay you have to kill someone who would
it be I'm not actually that mean to say
Frankie Archie's Frankie fire why would
it be behavior we're looking at a
picture of the sunburn in my eyes yes
what'd I just say yeah you say yes
look at Wikipedia on Wikipedia said it
Wikipedia said if you look at a picture
of a sudden
then it will hurt lies a picture of a
song oh she's gonna do come on out
Christmas spirit
I won again read the joke what kind of
sandals debug their flip-flops no wha
I've been tired funny so fuckin fine up
one is so funny funny okay how old are
both of you
21 21 21 how do you 27 she looks about
12 not just 20 sir I wrote things like
she's a young miss but no I'm the
youngest I'm 20
ladies cares what do you want for
christmas all I care about
on Christmas Day spending quality time
with my family
isn't that right okay if you're if you
are on an island abandoned island what
would you take I'll polish but no one
would see your shitty nails I climbed it
without nail polish alright what would
you bring a Beck oh you guys are boy
will you ever get a girlfriend I have a
girlfriend a chairman this is my
girlfriend Stacy all right I think my
sister actually met Stacy we've been
going out for how long gonna look about
uh was that a year now if Frankie was
alive Stacy stays is my Frankie what's
that
you gotta tell my hanky Stacy she's
right that what she said will you say
that's disgusting
Thanks so you're on your face how you
guys do this just buzz
let's do let's do accents that's all
y'all good yeah you did not just because
our last time and I'm so wasn't good oh
yeah well you need but time to redeem
yourself you have to do an Indian accent
it's the easiest accent to do yeah you
can do it Indian we can moneymoney
morrow what I well that's just right
just like you like it racist is do an
impression of dead read a doctor what
what we were that's Australia didgeridoo
dark a didgeridoo donkey sugar do a
Chinese accent no gun okay it's a
stereotype we all know that we're all
smart intelligent people hey wonder wand
um so I think that's enough for today
okay so I wish you all a very happy
Christmas
lots of love from the mash yourself
family say good bye guys oh my every
Christmas bye
okay we done oh not done yeah
