oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it in smash yourself air at today legend
you guys read the title we are back yet
again with the seems a foul
seriously shame I'm so excited to be
back with the sims 4 finally yet again
because ladies gentlemen there has been
some new DLC finally for the sims 4 and
it is called sims 4 get together ok so
as you can see you can create and join
clubs now you can get together ok uh oh
ok
there's a new dancing and DJ skills
what's that fucker fucker empty private
governor - laughs this is MC Brad and
coming out to live with mana 5.20 City
and also you can discover Windham burg
which is a new map in the game and
apparently it is the biggest map in the
go I like it first thing I notice this
things look different does things look
different okay and here we are
Windham bug whoa look at this place it's
massive look we've got a like an island
over here the Bluffs Island Bluff what
could this mean
we will bloody well find out but
seriously this is absolutely massive
even got a pool a pool ok we are back in
the mash some household now in today's
video lays German because there is so
much content ok what we could do is we
are just going to explore win the bug ok
there's a couple of new things you can
do in this ok but I am I'm not gonna do
it all in one video
okay so just tonight we're gonna go
exploring but before we go exploring
lace gentlemen I think it's about time
everyone gets a new makeover ok because
getting together they've added a lot of
new clothing outfits hairstyles I love
it it's like bloody Christmas up ok now
I could spend the whole video changing
everyone's look okay but that's bloody
boring ok no one wants to see that shit
ok so I will see you guys in a second I
will give the whole
a bloody Mercola get-together style and
show us we're gonna
Oh hot damn look at Brandon this is so
pretty
dragon oh my goodness look uh oh oh oh
nuggets
look at you oh my goodness look at you
you are the definition of Allah but she
like a nugget looking so fly because he
is a smooth mamma jamma
man uh get Babel oh Jesus is a smooth
goddamn aji you talking to me you
download sims get together and you put
on a suit you think you can talk to me
you think you could talk to baby slut no
you cannot simply talk to baby slut am i
right ladies gentleman this is the new
baby slow joining the Mafia bureau
Bobby poop yeah ha ha ha baby so
adorable so with this cute new get
together you've got like loads of female
outfits like visca like she's in like a
bloody summer dress in bloody window I
don't know why but look at her lady baby
I love your new haircut lady baby so
pretty and of course we've got slot in
her little outfit look how pretty she is
she's still got rocking that ass though
her Shuster rock about there's another
dough not as well don't touch you look
at you you bloody hipster shit look at
that shit my baby go so grown-up
okay grow up so fast for sure I'm so
proud of a proud father
are
oh my goodness Kelly haha I am Kelly
look at you she is fucking fun why
hasn't Brandon sucked on her kidneys yet
I don't know but I've got to write that
one down for our future episode
hahahahaha
now look a little Uranus she is just
about to do everything ever Uranus I
don't think I'm ever gonna eat you up
because you are just the cutest little
shit ever look at her
ok now that everyone is in their new get
together outfits ok I'm liking
everyone's style I think the whole
family should go out and explore finding
bugs now look at this big-ass map where
do we bloody start I don't know ok the
first thing that I want chaque out is
the ancient ruins just over here
apparently some scary shit will go on
and the whole family is here ladies
gentlemen to the ancient ruins okay um
this is the ancient ruins huh okay
that's it okay so something new with
this game there is this bush okay now I
know what you're thinking Brandon is
that is it the DLC just gave us a bush
and I was supposed to be excited but no
less chairman you can do some really
cool stuff with this like you can
fertilize it what the hell does that
mean nugget knock it
what are you knock it what are you doing
hahahaha nugget it's like taking a fish
look at him ease up I love this prison
in this bush nugget man that's
disgusting come on now I thought you
were gonna bloody plant some trees or
some shit slut West you get a violin
from ah
can you get it out out stop it you're
hiding me all right shut up shut up
what's this this is a bonfire we can
light the bonfire oh the bonfire is lit
what can we do we can cozy up with slut
near the bonfire ah this is so cute look
at that they're like slow having a good
time yes I dragon this is so romantic I
knew you would like it baby girl
Oh Brandon you want to give me a little
kiss no oh oh look at them - ha ha ha
look at this guy oh my goodness look at
him skanky - oh Jesus
oh yeah because they added like a new
dancey skill and stuff dude they look at
them is this is a new dance skills
look everyone dancin yeah yeah oh ok
this guy's oh look at bloody lady baby
skank it out brother - Oh this'll Arius
this is good this is absolutely
hilarious ha ha
the worst is part of like a bubble a
bubble okay I think next we should check
out the shallow Gardens oh this shit so
sweet azalea garden ha ha ha Oh week let
us go ha ha ha ha and here we are at the
garden shit Palace thing Jesus Christ
Lucas buildings really fancy huh oh my
goodness truck is a bloody mansion Jesus
Christ why don't I live in a mansion now
I think there is a bloody maze somewhere
here oh my god here's the maze whoa this
looks scary as hell oh my goodness look
at Brandon he's not scared at all is he
he knows where he's going
Brandon Brandon okay be careful ah look
at him he's bloody cheating oh he meant
to the middle ooh ah GP there was this
Brad instead started by ghost what is a
ghost
hello where's the ghost pardon braggart
you got to say that you're Ted spicing a
ghost and you don't tell me where her
okay something fishy's going on here
okay everyone where's the ghost where's
the ghost ha ha ha
you're psycho SIGINT you see a ghost
where's the ghost oh shit this bloody
ghost in the maze I'm scared okay I have
never been so scared in my entire life
oh the ghost a ghost shit shit shit Oh
everything she's bloody cheating donat
there's a ghost right there oh goodness
oh my goodness donut run run up okay
she's not scared or okay maybe I'm just
being a pussy ah let's go wow she scared
me
stupid ghost better scare me okay that's
not funny huh you think I'm really funny
ghost piss off I don't like you oh
there's another ghost I miss playing the
piano oh okay they stopped okay okay
enough of the Charlotte God is okay
where should we explore next we could
explore the pool actually let's go
explore the pool and just have a bit of
a walk around and here we go baby we are
in bloody Windham Park Center
oh my goodness this looks beautiful
look at winded bug it's so pretty look
even got to play boat out here oh my
goodness this is definitely the
best-looking DLC ever I don't think I
can go here no I don't think I can but
oh my goodness look at this place is
massive got a park overhead fountain oh
my goodness this is lovely lovely a job
leader look at this bloody pretty a
middle thing there's so much fountains
this is this is amazing okay this is the
best thing ever
look we've all got a bloody public
toilet where you could do the poo oh I
love the boob but I know seriousness
this is the most beautiful thing ever
look at this place it is so well made
this is
definitely like just even having this
map is worth it for this DLC look at
this place this card up you're a fool
look at everyone in the pool oh this is
a very nice pool look at everyone
chilling by the pool no it's a nice
family outing ah this is so pretty okay
so the last thing that I want to check
out is the bluffs an island bluff now as
you can see there is no road connecting
to this island okay
you have to get like a ship to go over
here okay let us travel oh and here we
are we are at the bluffs Oh what is this
place a bloody Island but what is it huh
what's this travel back home okay
nevermind but what is this place oh
there's another bonfire over here okay
whoa it is a pool it's a bloody poor
skinny-dip together you get skinny tip
while the kids are out think about the
children
hahaha okay Oh should we send everyone
else home
except for Brandon and little slut I
think I will do that okay um I said
everyone home except Brandon and his
wife bye guys havock have a good time at
home okay I'll see you later have fun
now okay here we are all alone with
Brandon and mrs. Diddy's oh okay okay
okay so let's do something that we
couldn't do before
and go skinny-dipping oh I like it I
like the sound of it oh I bloody well do
are you gonna go ski dipp'd oh look it
up Oh daddy Nick look a slut
ha ha ha to play naked where's this
played dirty bog are you gonna come
skinny dip with your wife look at any is
so excited I'm going skin deep with my
baby girl I can't wear skinny dip ha ha
OH
is anyone here no this is my chance
maybe oh oh oh no no don't get out don't
get up stupid go is this that is a
special things that we can do naked in
in the place we can splash each other oh
look at these two Oh smash each other I
was stranded here this is where things
start lame gentlemen of this
when the bloody pity sucking begins oh
my goodness
what is that
yoo-hoo in Bush is this a new thing
they've added a new whoo destination
with the get this game out let's do it
let's go whoo in public in the bush are
they really gonna do this lovely Daisy
oh right it is so excited look at that
ass it's so pixelated but I love it
why while it block it out the whole of
this girl's 40 okay they're going into
the bush they're going in the bush Oh
Joker squats up late good slap doing up
Bob oh my god daddy's doing it
oh my goodness - then going out of this
dead go I got it
look Oh fireworks Oh Oh anyone hit oh my
goodness ha ha did they really just blew
in a bush listen the guys over at EA
then it's a bloody gun calm down okay
they have a God me whenever I do dirty
stuff with the Sims but someone someone
bloody made him do it
ok ha ha why is this in the game I swear
this has been to be a kids game ok and
now they're bloody having whoohoo play
naked woohoo in a bush in public snot
okay you are bloody dirty you are dirty
little girl don't smile okay this is
disgusting okay you are the devil okay
this is the devil's work I can't believe
they did this anyway guys I think now's
a good time to end the video there was
so much new stuff you could do with this
new get to get together DLC so I'm
thinking I might start up sims 4 again
of I check out some more of this DLC so
much stuff you could do I haven't even
scratch the surface so leave a goddamn
like I used to do before when we hit
10,000 likes I will do another episode
of The Sims 4 I need to know if you guys
want to see more Sims 4 ok so leave a
goddamn like 10,000 is little is enough
a meter to know that anyway guys I would
they got so much watching and I will see
you in the guy that makes for your man
say let the guys love you buh-bye
