oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is mash yourself a and adayla German
we have got part two of Far Cry primal
that's right lady German I got the
privilege to play this game before
anyone else okay I got to play the Alpha
so um this is part two if you haven't
watched part one before what are you
doing go down the scription watch part
one but yeah we're gonna carry on where
we left off baby
okay so I've liberated the outpost now I
noticed this thing uh break so I break
it and I I don't know what it did okay
so right now I've decided I want to try
and tame some animals so I tear I tell
mr. Benham to piss off okay and I call
in the sneaky little cheetah now each
animal has like different skill sets
like the Cheetahs best at stealth look
at him look at me just cuddling them i I
I'm telling you that's all I did with
this recording so yeah like the Cheetahs
good are like stealth like the Bears
good at like a strength and like the
wolf is sort of like good and all of the
stuff you know is like the middle guy
okay so right now I decided to cross the
river you know I'm trying to hunt like a
saber-tooth tiger okay jump for the
result oh it's a break for a day get it
get good food oh oh
bakka dials up okay there are problem in
Far Cry 3 and 4 and they were a bloody
problem yet again cheetah why don't you
help me from the coca dialer stupid
cheetah useless piece of shit dippy ok
so at the moment we are on the hunt for
the saber-toothed tiger okay without a
doubt the most vicious animal in Far Cry
primal ok now in order to time an animal
you need to like give it meat ok now I
can't remember if I did it in this video
or not but yeah it is very hard you need
to sort of like sneak up on it and then
throw meat on it on it and yeah so I
didn't and it's part of I didn't spot
one saber-toothed tiger I'm sorry ok so
over here I spot an old abandoned camp
I'm like what what can I do here light
campfire oh I I pass rocks me discover
fire neat cave my destroy available was
this ignite arrow me use fire on arrow
Oh caveman oh ok let's stop messing
around Brannon oh oh what's this
ok right now I spot another animal okay
now I believe these are yaks ok now I
don't know how to tame the animals at
this point ok so I get the meat and I
throw it ok cuz it because that's what
that's what the guy at Ubisoft told me
ok I through the mid ok now I'm waiting
will the Yak take it no animals seem
interest in the bait oh ok Jack please
just let me tame you ok no Brandon don't
shoot it no no Brandon by an adult
Brandon okay so I hate to spoil it but
me trying to kill us jack it doesn't
really end well ok ok well this is not
gonna end well
oh I told you I told you Brandon it's
the Yak oh no and again no please mr.
Jack please
little Jack please just don't kill me
goddamnit those yaks dead goddamn little
assholes okay
they were goddamn assholes in Far Cry 4
and yet you same again they're even more
vicious this time
okay so right now is nighttime okay the
game has a day and night cycles I don't
like the night because it makes things
all scary okay right now I'm crafting
arrows go on Brandon yeah I've got I've
got 16 arrows now so I'm trying to find
like a way to skip type oh shit more
yaks
even that's kept me and I add it to the
video
okay so right now I'm at a campfire
alright so then you can you can sleep
okay sleep until dawn or sleep until
midnight okay so you can either hunt
during the day or the night okay
obviously some have its benefits but
look at this lace gentleman look at this
time lapse it's so beautiful I love it I
love this game
what a nice rest so right now I'm just
walking around and I know it's hi -
bloody Tigers fighting oh shit look at
them fight oh shit
kill it kill it
oh shit I'm not sure I can do this I'm
going to do this look up just they are
what do I do
Joyce probates dick go on take the mic
Oh lick it with a baby
you want a baby with a tiger
oh uh enemies you saved my life
thank you yeah all right Carl Brannon
try and kill it take out the bowl
come on first side oh come on you can do
better that it's good
Oh God again ah okay so right now ladies
gentlemen look what I have spotted the
all-mighty
I'm okay they're like elephants but
they're all wooly now right now I'm like
and these are these evil are these going
to kill me I'm thinking maybe they're
like elephants okay so maybe I can write
them all right but I'm not sure if
they're friendly so I'm like sneaking
behind it mr. mammoth I don't want to
hurt you I just want to see and I can
I'm like so amazed right now I'm like
yeah yeah look at this this is so
beautiful okay now I get off just to
observe look at this beautiful game mr.
mammoth you are the most beautiful look
at this land splat okay
this games an alpha but look how
beautiful it is
so right now I'm thinking can i tame the
mammal which is stupid because I can
already ride it I'm thinking right now
listen is mammoth are you hungry
the mammoth eat meat I'm not sure but
I'm like you hungry you want some food
okay so nut what not right now I got on
the other mammoth because the other man
that is angry with me okay all right so
I think I'm safe up here but there's
more enemies going big mug just like
just like far cry 4 okay so over here is
a special mission I don't know what the
mission was called I'm not allowed to
show you the mini-map so um yeah so like
right now I've just got a mission
hello so uh mother J star hill location
discovered oh is that right
quite what are you saying I don't speak
gave man a booga-booga oh I could talk
to him now
Donal oh my gosh help our work wanna
heart Raja ba da budem want with a
cheetah
dude we say Damas
uh what a Booga Booga Booga Booga Booga
hi I don't remember doing that anyway
right now I am entering a snow biome
that's right in Far Cry primal there is
different types of biomes okay and Oh
mammoths I okay
these mamas they make such scary noises
I don't know if they're gonna kill you
up okay and here we go we are in the
snow biome and as you can see there is a
gold meter okay
now basically you can't stay in the snow
biome for too long otherwise if you stay
there you will bloody face the true
predator and you don't want that because
me caveman me must be warm me a booger
booger oh shit is that an enemy over
there I think it bloody is so I decide
to take out my longbow because they're
really far away
alright there's their the one go on
Brighton am I gonna get it gone
Oh Bama did the trees go on take it
toilet Oh going to do it alright so I go
to lose the portals and everything but I
hear this noise Oh Mama's uh what would
I do
I didn't do anything oh it's okay I
thought they were trying to kill me I
guess they're gonna know oh shit
Wolfie mr. wolf ease down did mr. Wolfie
try to kill the mammoth I don't know I
thought of a friend friendly mr. Wolfie
it's mr. whoopee don't die mr. whoopee
okay so right now the cold meter is
about to go off I'm not gonna lie I
wanted to see what happened when I died
of - Bing - cold as you can see my
screen is all freezing up I'm thinking
oh shit the mammoth died oh okay I'm
thinking um will I have like a cold
death animation where I'm like okay and
then I just I just like have a heart
attack or something of the coldness oh
my god here we go
I've spotted this saber-toothed tiger oh
my goose is trying to take out photos
with mammoths oh my good oh oh I try to
tame it
hello it didn't work out now mother's
trying to kill me
we'll see we'll see don't die on me okay
okay okay okay I think I've got enough
time to heal it heal Beast go no no
don't eat it no hahaha
Wolfie oh so sorry I just ate food while
you right there nobody get him or here
is again saber to it Brandon I don't
think arrows going to it I need a gun or
something oh shit Brandon arrows a
little bit of work I Rosa no clue why
I'm telling you right now arrows are not
gonna work Oh Brandon
shit this is bad is bad this is bad this
is bad
hahaha okay yes saber-tooth Tigers
they're bloody crazy yeah okay here is
again the saber-tooth Tiger gone
frightened you can kill this time
alright so this time I'm on a mammoth
and I'm like surely I can just run it
over oh my goodness
saber-tooth disabled to try to attack
the mammoth again oh yeah yeah watch
this guys something really cool happened
all right we'll wait for it
we're stupid little saber-tooth Tiger
get it frightened run it over don't just
shoot arrows on it is the arrows not
gonna work
oh don't run away say with you tiger
I'll piss off you stupid stupid tiger go
on get it get it get it I did it I give
this saber-toothed tiger Jesus Christ
all right these are the most vicious
thing ever all right hunting in Far Cry
primal is nothing like Far Cry 3 or Far
Cry 4 it is 10 times harder I'm not even
joking ok so right now I am back in the
snow biome ok and I have the task of
liberating know either task of burning
this camp ok so I call him mr. owl I
like to tag in all these enemies now
look how many enemies there are ok now
my task is to burn down this camp all
right since I'm doing this stealth I
call in the licky Panther look at him
look how fast yes he's fast and he's
bloody sneaky ok now what we need to do
a way to take this very slow and take
them out one by one all right I see this
guy I see can I jump on him stop yeah
alright take this nice and slow sneaked
gone BA pick them up going up
how am I doing this they haven't seen me
it okay let's go out there
what's your doing going to bed do I kill
it do I get oh there's a girl out there
there's a guy over there
easy what do i do what do I shoot one or
the right okay I'm gonna take him out go
take luck night or two yes all right
just a couple more left all right Chuck
Hill let's go the other guy all right so
right now and tell the little tiger
Panther to kill him hook takedown all
right going to do Panther Oh give them
come on let's keep calling a different
names but I'm pretty sure he's a leopard
all right one more guy left gone leopard
kill him gone I'd given up give him the
sign going up with now actually they
stopped me recording while I was burning
this camp down so I I was like this
close from finishing of the the burning
of the camp but they didn't let me
finish okay god damn it you be soft give
me more time to play this game okay so
um I'm actually going to end the video
here guys I hope you guys did enjoy
these two Far Cry primal videos the
first I'm one of the first people to
upload this footage okay the event I
went to which is the European event
there was only like three other UK
youtubers I don't know what it was like
on the American side but yeah I hope you
guys appreciate that me bringing this
footage to you okay no one else has done
it but you leave a goddamn like if you
are excited for Far Cry primal I believe
it comes out in March a lot of you guys
have been asking me Brandon you're gonna
make any videos on far cry primal I'm
like duh obviously I will make the
videos okay so uh yeah I can't wait
leave a goddamn like if you are just as
excited as me and yeah I'm no video here
say guys so much for watching and I will
see you in the god that makes for your
man see you later guys I love you
ba ba
