alright guys calm down guys you can calm
down
guys it's okay it's okay guys all right
shut up hello everyone how is everyone
doing it in smash yourself there at the
day lane German look at this big fat
smile on my face lazy man you know why
because you guys ready tattle we are
checking out Far Cry primal what this
game is not even out yet
so before I start this video lay
Chairman I just want to give a massive
thanks Ubisoft okay they allowed me to
play this game Far Cry primal before
anyone else in the world
okay me me oh I'm so happy now the first
that we're gonna be watching today isn't
life okay I actually went to event to
record this footage but I'm gonna give
sort of like my my comment my commentary
around about around like the game and
what it's like and what I was thinking
during the time because I'm telling an
owl a German we did some I did some
funny things when I playing this game
here it is Oh Bravo oh shit right now I
was thinking what what where am I
I mean it's like a cat fire okay so far
cry primal is said in the Stone Age okay
pretty cavemen alright so right now I'm
like what what do I do
okay I'm Stan set out in this big
massive world why do you do that wolfy
there's some wolfy I'll follow me for
some reason I don't know but okay so
right now I'm checking out this noise
okay cuz it seems that some animals are
bloody are fighting each other hello oh
office enemy's crouched down and they're
required be very cool
mom insignia my god yes ahahaha
okay dad kill everyone I'd give everyone
wait what's that noise
hello okay so this friendlies and
enemies in this game okay these guys are
friendly I don't know why they're
friendly oh shit this guy there
come on kill him kill him oh my god is
that a prayer this is the back wolfie oh
shit it's a roofie Buster's back oh my
gosh who's gonna win I bloody well
killed it will ye him so oh wait what's
this pet so in this game you can like
tame beastly stuff and I've already
tamed this little Wolfie so I can like
having much like my little buddy like I
can like feed him or heal him and I feel
like pehlivan stuff ok so right now
these guys are cheering alright we just
won the battle of our lives
look at them they're happy yes yes ok
guys alright guys calm down guys you can
calm down guys it's ok it's ok guys
alright you can still get wickets don't
get all friendly enemies it appears ok
um I did a lot of messing around when I
was playing this game ok so what I want
to show you now is the owl whoa Howie
what are you doing up up ah he just
killed ball Bambi
ok um yeah the owl does some cool shit I
will explain it later on but my first
time using it I was like Whoopi do you
see that of course you storage you do
dagger whoopee
I love that they put the wolfy's in this
game ha ha ha ok so right now I decided
to check out the owl kill oh shit this
Butler's bloody dick bloody Bambi's know
what's the called samplers in the
previous game ok I tried to kill one now
watch
oh god get it ha ha ha it's okay Samba
Oh where's he going
oh there we go okay do I follow okay I
guess I'm following it now I tried the
skin oh it is a deer it's no longer a
Samba okay so that's what skinning looks
like or was this a North Black Rock so
many things are going on I don't even
know what's going on oh oh so right now
I'm hearing something
hello what's that noise God is that you
caveman God hello what is that noise
I can hear it oh oh what's up take
ranger bracelet it was a bloody
collectible
oh okay so right now I'm like what's
that noise you hear that hello oh my
gosh oh it's a cheetah oh shit the gun
force is going up Brannon this is not a
good idea
Brandon Oh where'd he go huh he bloody
escaped up hello cheetah oh there is
I spotted gone Brannon I don't know why
but I want to chase it oh shit are those
friendlies or enemies I think the
enemies shoot up oh shit there we go
think about oh shit I know when I mess
with this cheetah uh-oh what's gonna
happen oh he's gone no cheater quite why
are you running away you should kill the
other guy oh shit Oh whoopee okay I
guess what if we took him out
whoopee you're such a good little fella
he's just so good look at me Robin is it
so goddamn adorable oh shit here I find
the Beehive I'm like please kill me um
to me get the B Sophie Wolfie don't just
stand there get the bees and the bees oh
shit
I tried to swing I'm like no that's not
gonna do it get the piece off me okay uh
I believe bees were in vodka for oh you
see that
I just healed by eating I jumped Oh me
me me caveman me eat raw meat nom nom
nom oh yeah over here I I observe the
Wolfie taking a piss I'm like Whoopi
stop pissing around okay we've got shit
to do
alright now you can heal your Wolfie by
giving him meat so like there we go
and Oh Brandon what do you do is that
photo I wanted to see if that would hurt
him and it and it does okay now I'm
pretty sure you can't aim most creatures
in the game so right now I tell wolfy to
piss off and I call in wait for it wait
for it are you are you my friend I think
he is so it was a wet so when you crouch
he goes the sneak mode cheetah no
cheetah whoa cheetah
hey dog lady do you take action I want
to see if I can hurt him so I tried to
give him some meat after hitting him
alright go and eat the meat in cheetah
fight' pet him oh I love this I love
this game already the result eat I don't
give a shit about you I don't know why
did I look like it oh I do it again okay
there we go you can you can have some
meat yeah eat the meat cheetah there we
go yeah I'll give you another patch of a
good luck all I did this recording we
just Pat the animals they're just so
cute like the fact that they've given us
an option to do it so bloody cute man
this game is going to be epic when it
comes out I can't wait for it to come
out
okay so right now
I kill in the hour now basically what
the owl does is it can do loads of stuff
but what it but where's main reason is
to tag enemies so you know in Far Cry 3
and in Far Cry 4 you had a camera to tag
enemies before you sort of sort of went
to liberate an outpost well this time
you call in an owl and basically what
this owl does it tags enemies and I
believe the owl can uh can attack
enemies yeah you saw you saw it earlier
right the the owl can attack like this
and like a people and shit but look at
this it's so majestic like it makes you
think like how would they sort of like
change things around like because it
obviously there's no cameras back in the
Stone Age
so like now they they replaced it but
like an owl you know it's pretty it's
pretty like smart oh shit my house too
far away yeah you got like I will just
run fly around everywhere you have to
like make sure it stays in range so
right now I'm like can I kill something
or do good kill the buddy Bobby Bobby I
love other bodies flop stupid Bambi
that's what you bloody well get okay so
right now I am calling in yet another
creature or SAP what's that over there
Billy the bear are you my friend I like
play around with it like it's a bloody
grizzly bear Brad is not beating the
back I'm like I don't I don't get too
cute for me I need to feel like a man
again make the shit at this bear
god damn it oh this game I'm actually
crying because it's just so cute oh okay
now I'm feeding the bear going back eat
up okay you come on I can't have you
dying on me there we go
this game is just so adorable okay now
me and mr. bath over a mission alright
so now I've tacked on the map a nearby
outpost on the group
Jack you are I mean a leopard bear bat
don't do it okay
you ain't you ain't got time for this
shit okay Oh Brandon no am I gonna try
to kill it no no I'm not okay so now we
are going to go over to the outpost like
I would mention before there's enemies
over there so what I decide to do like
like I said before the owl it lets you
tag enemies so what I'm gonna do now is
go around and get on the rock get a nice
view of the outpost okay call it the
hours I will okay now what I was gonna
do mr. owl
I called him okay he's gonna tag enemies
alright so I can make a hunter vision
alright so there's a couple of like
clown bull stuff there okay we've got a
tree over there
I don't know what that does okay but we
can see I'm tagging a few enemies - what
do i do I kill one I don't think I do so
I was meant to be this stealth but
they're like oh shit something's gone
wrong here
oh good god umm so I'm like oh shit did
did something go wrong and yeah turns
out mr. fair is already gone on the
attack so I go about an hour go get it
oh hey Chuck you see that going to get
the other one gone
run it oh that might I miss oh no I got
him headshot bitch go on mr. bad Gilliam
oh that's right you bloody get rekt
alright be skilled sweet one Oh is there
one more book is one more guy that going
Gilligan oh don't do it
I'll post liver like it whoa miss hours
Dewar's outpost outpost column that 500
XP no alarms triggered and a wind-up
population increasing oh yeah
that's how measure self doesn't aim it
yeah okay guys now I'm gonna have to end
the video here now I'm only allowed to
show you half an hour of footage so I
thought instead of me uploading a half
an hour video I would thought I would
upload two fifteen minute videos so if
you guys want me to upload another Far
Cry primal video like I said this game
is awesome like like I've uploaded loads
of Far Cry videos in the past you know
and I really feel like we've got a
really good Far Cry community so if you
guys want to see the pot - let's try and
hit 10,000 likes and if we do I will
upload another Far Cry primal video
tomorrow
okay later and so I hope you guys
enjoyed I loads of fun playing with this
and yeah anyway guys I would say guys so
much watching and I'll see you in the
goddamn next video man see later guys
love you ba yeah yeah
