go cows make love oh wait is this
they're gonna die if you get run oh oh
shit what's this did someone get run
over
I was just trying to cross the road oh
my goodness this game was just hilarious
um hello everyone how is everyone doing
Eddie smash yourself it and today lay
German you guys read Italo we are
playing Just Cause 3 just cause I want
to baby don't say yes ladies / we are
playing Just Cause 3 I was lucky enough
to get a review copy shout out square
enix my homeboys and homegirls that's
right
whisper mad respect for no dev homies so
yeah I've been playing it for like a
whole week and I'm telling an hour later
I am loving this game too scared to it
oh look at you thought this wasn't fun
of the game it was the start when you
either go straight into the game mine
the Mario on the phone what's up Mario
you want to play a game let's go what
what that's the way in my place sports
car oh shit what was that did a guy just
explode uh-uh what maybe I'm imagining
things
hey woman why are you riding on the road
there's a pavement right there hey oh
shit she was just wanting to go to the
bus stop okay let's calm down I listen
dude listen okay I'm in my sports cuyps
what I Drive okay you really want to do
this
ah okay enough messing around time to
explain a little bit more about Just
Cause 3 so this is currently the map of
Just Cause 3 and as you can see it is
bloody well massive so the map is set
into three regions in Sula foot they're
fun they're in Sula dragon and in sulla
strada flag
and each region is set up in two
different provinces so at the moment I
am in the region of insular form there
and I are currently liberated so loss
and via BA II are okay and the aim of
the game is to basically liberate every
single province in every single region
it could take a bloody while long time
since is so bigger so what we're gonna
do today ladies gentlemen is I think I
want to liberate sick corner not and
sick Ghana sod that means North and
South in bloody Spanish I don't know
okay the first thing we are going to do
is we are going to liberate this small
town of viscerally up sis sit sit Sarah
lips Syria we're gonna liberate Syria oh
yeah I should probably explain like how
just cause works in case you guys have
never played Just Cause game which I
feel sorry for you if you haven't oh
shit did I press the wrong so anyway the
Just Cause 3 map is absolutely massive
okay now if I jumped up this clip you
would think I was bloody mad well I'll
Google anyway but it's okay cuz I've got
a parachute
nevermind I didn't need it anyway chop
oh shit we're gonna die we're gonna die
this man given it wait what would happen
if I actually died oh okay that was
completely fine Oh apparently everyone's
fighting this one guy gone team you can
do it drag out oh shit you better watch
out for that grenade little friend oh no
oh shit
hahahaha good talk so yeah I've got a
grappling hook and I could just use it
to quit anywhere so at the moment I need
to hijack this thing so do I just get in
oh sorry chauffeur but I need this
limousine so there are cars in this game
but who would bloody well use them
because there's you could just parachute
everywhere I need to deliver it down
there how the bloody world do I do that
oh no this is a bad idea this is about
this is oh shit this is a oh oh oh oh
bloody smart Oh taxi
ah here's your uber you're Tom right can
you give me five stars kill my passenger
oh shit I'll never get that five star
rating
oh shit uh he's a rebel I wouldn't a
rebel I'm sorry sir okay it's okay it's
okay okay you don't have to give me five
stars okay can you stop running you're
making it
very hard me to kill you way I can just
grappling hook him okay watch this guy's
ah and let's put him here okay now okay
listen sir calm down okay I don't know
why I need to kill you but I bloody need
to okay okay now go oh shit he's still
attached the other one oh he's dead I
believe I could fly I believe I could
push the sky
every single little ballad my hand good
I spread my Dedes and fly away okay I
need a boat
I need a boat I need a boat I should
probably uh well this boat oh there's
another one
come here little boat doctor doctor
doubts rheumatic I need you okay no no
no oh crap I'm at my stuff I messed up
oh I did it
hello sir are you my uber you're not
then buddy get in the sea oh I'm so
sorry sir oh shit is he gonna die I'm
sure it'll be fine
ah is um uh I'm sure I'm sure I'll be
fine
entering province of Syria nod oh shit
we have entered Syria okay we are going
to go over to the small town of Costa
del poor Dora oh yeah in this game
they've added a bloody ring sort of this
game it's so amazingly beautiful okay
here we are
Costa Del Porto okay now if we want to
liberate Casa del Bordeaux we need to do
four things
so what we need to do is we need to take
down three billboards we need to
liberate a police station we need to
destroy three speakers destroy one
statue and then last thing we need to
raise our new flag viva la revoluci√≥n
okay the first thing we need to do is to
destroy their bloody speakers I don't
give a shit about their shitty
propaganda boom chaos oh shit chaos is
brims brought to cost an export oh okay
there's no police so far I'm surprised
they're usually like flooding by now oh
shit
what do you mean oh okay I spoke too
soon I have hit level one oh shit
civilians run away okay let's liberate
the police station
oh yeah baby Felicia Felicia oh shit
when they all come from ah oh shit this
is bad
oh my goodness Oh skills I've got skills
to play the bills where are these guys
coming from okay they're coming from
imaginary doors by the way why are they
dressed like Darth Vader I mean not
Darth Vader the other one Oh police
station did I do it oh shit my rebel
team are here come on rebels free my
love letter Lucia okay I've liberated
the police station okay let's move on uh
hey guys I washes on the floor oh I
better run away
hahaha oh shit here is a billboard piss
off billboard destroyed here's the loss
of the speakers shut up no one wants to
hear the bloody shitty music or I
already do now is destroy the rest of
the billboards and take out the statue a
billboard D Ravello D revolution yeah oh
shit I never kill this guy now I
definitely killed him oh here we go
the loss of the billboards they solve
okay we've done the billboard now time
to take down the statue how do I take it
down
maybe if I crackling hook it onto the
floor viva la revolucion oh I just I
just took I took out his bloody willy
take down his bloody hurt viva la
revolucion it's not working looks like
we're gonna do this the old-fashioned
way River
no shark or kitties let's finish this
off take down the stupid silly flag we
have additional forces converging on
your position
Oh viva la revolucion
one out of six settlements liberated the
Ravello is losing control of this
province uh liberate the remaining
settlement to liberate the broad ones
huh huh okay we have liberated the Costa
del Porto okay but we're not gonna stop
that we are going to take down the guard
liya sister auntie number two oh look
cows I'm not gonna lie I get distracted
ooh
Oh Miguel hey man I'm a cow hey Soph you
bloody cow can I kill the cow up I give
him one elbow anybody dies go cows make
love oh wait is this deer gonna die if
you get run oh oh shit what's this did
someone get run over
I was just trying to cross the road oh
my goodness this game was just hilarious
um ah okay let's take out the guard Oh
Cecil or DCCC six-car or hippies okay we
need to destroy two of the circuit
breakers one core electrical unit and
four bloody transformers ax okay I don't
know what any of those things are so I'm
just going to uh shoot everything like
that is it wise to be six and annex that
barrel Oh
and my planet went in it viva la
revolucion parachute ride a parachute
right yeah sure
god I go something go dude there's your
bloody parachute ride you bloody game
next we all go to the break12 stop do
group wrapped ravioli wait hang a second
there's a mission here what is the
bloody mission but they could get the
couple more miles on fuels yes none you
want me to pull your car to the gas
station yeah yeah sure I couldn't
deliver the car ok it's ok
Oh mission failed
oh ok here we are pasta deer ravioli
destroy the billboards that's right I
know what to do
oh shit it is a gas station oh my
goodness will this give a massive
explosion if I shoot
Wow look at them explosions Michael Bay
would be proud look at that explosion ow
okay I'm mini liberated Costa de ravioli
okay
now the thing last thing you do is take
down the stupid statue resolution oh I'm
out of grenades okay what I am going to
do is I am going to request a level drop
and basically you can request pretty
much any gun you want and a helicopter
will come and pick you pick it up pick
it up for you okay I will take the
automat u12 the CS r at 2:00 to 5:00 our
vehicles cannot get get away a
helicopter oh my god moves out oh it
doesn't want okay screw it I'm just
wasting time
they're just buddies shoot the statue
it'll go down eventually yeah yes and
the last thing I will do is raise the
flag fever levels yeah
okay maybe I was being a little bit too
ambitious to liberate the whole of Syria
oh my goodness it is an oil facility you
know what you know what time it is baby
oh my goodness liquor
how many stuff we have to do destroy the
satellite dish yeah baby I like that oh
come on destroy the other one hahahaha
oh my goodness is that a helicopter oh
shit here we go baby here we go
helicopter haha I piss off my helicopter
I called it Oh Margaret says get in the
helicopter ah ah maybe this place is too
big for me to destroy but I'm gonna give
it another go oh my goodness what is
that thing I don't know what it is but I
don't like it so I'm gonna kill it oh I
love the explosions I love the
explosions huh it's just so nice oh yeah
I was feeling they got a name it's just
arty asking to be exploded in it in it
oh my goodness what is that
is that a big ball of gasoline will this
explode please tell me it well please
tell me it well wait can I destroy oh my
goodness I can destroy the things oh my
goodness is it falling is it falling
ah is this a big cylinder fuel no way
can I destroy this obg Oh Oh No oh shit
I'm gonna die I'm gonna die no no please
don't die please don't die please don't
die please good night
No god damn it
Jesus Christ that place was massive okay
I don't think I'm good enough to destroy
that place just yet okay guys I think
I'm going to end the video there I've
only been playing this game for a little
bit so I don't know that much but I
really want to play more of this game
because it's just like I said earlier
it's just amazing like I just I'm loving
it I'm having like genuinely a lot of
fun with it and I think it will make for
some really good videos in the future
once I learn a little bit more about it
so um yeah Levi goes I'm like if we can
reach 10,000 likes okay I will do
another video of Just Cause 3 okay lay
Shaymin but anyway guys all they got so
much watching and I will see you in the
goddamn next video man see you later
guys love you how that really hug okay
goodbye
viva la revolucion
