hello everyone how is everyone doing if
you smash yourself in and today lazy man
you guys read a title we are back yet
again with Star Wars Battlefront baby so
up to my surprise you guys really
enjoyed the last video like I said this
game is just amazing like I'm having so
much fun with it like I really do think
it's a good game so what we're going to
do in today's video lazy Emmons we are
gonna go on missions and we are going to
do some battles now over here you have
some set battles in certain maps you
have normal battles and you have here
our battles so what we are gonna do is
we're gonna do some hero battles you
have hero battle on Hoth hero battle on
Tortoni to tetany turn to hero battle on
Endor and hero battle on soulless
now I was meant to be doing this video
with some my youtube friends I even
tried calling up the gaming lemon hey
Brad is Brandon here I was wondering if
you want to play some Star Wars
Battlefront with me look stop calling me
I don't know who you are
no no way or someone else what what are
you what are you talking about Brad
we're friends
who are you a brat Brandon mess yourself
you know me go away fuck off Bradley no
some of his alright phrase I just want
you to be my friend yeah yeah making
friends his eyes
it's pretty hard but luckily ladies
gentlemen you can do all these missions
solo so I that's what we're going to do
today I think to start things off we
will do a hero battle or Dan done Arnie
and we will play it solo
I don't need bloody friends choose your
faction to rebel allies or the guy
Empire so who's on which team the
Galactic Empire
you got Darth Vader Emperor Palpatine
and Wobbuffet
now I play this Darth Vader lost episode
should we try and play at Emperor
Palpatine okay let's play with them Who
I am
bloody Emperor Palpatine oh let me look
at your face Emperor Emperor why would
you look at me okay so we've got one two
and three what does one do I think one's
electric shock I will make you pay I
will make you pay electric shock labra
Palpatine look at him he looks like a
lost lost man
okay what's number two what oh shit my
my main attacks of shock die die you
bloody rebel scum wait can I fly I can
fly
okay I can't fly I can just jump with
style but it's bloody well good ah war
book oh no that's a stormtrooper that's
right good I got these tokens I don't
know what they do
I was that man on the top hello look at
me stormtroopers follow me come on guys
pull your weight what does 3 do ha ha ha
ha
what was that ha ha ha ha I think I
meant to do that while jumping oh shit
there's a lot of enemies oh my goodness
I'm gonna die how am I not dead oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god ah this is a big collect on the
tokens I don't know what they do but I
like it block the bullets ah I just
deflected it that's right
bloody leg fucking bad okay let's try
the jump again ha ha ha that's hilarious
where I get it what is it I'm not I
don't think I'm doing it right ha ha
bloody get electrocuted up
oh shit this is brutal karma doesn't
allow them oh my god oh my god just
deflect a pussy to get the bird I just
chopped
oh just guilt forward one okay I really
want to try this thing again
all right now hilarious quickly spin
attack ha ha ha oh my girl over
something I'm dead I'm dead I'm so dead
I'm dead electric chain what I like bang
bang OH oh my god this guy's heavy look
at sky space it's gonna squid into space
shit shut up sit down sit down
you bloody game ok I'm going to win with
it he's like I did it I'm Emperor
Palpatine oh Jesus Christ
i rectum okay I should probably play it
on not normal but hard difficulty okay
let's do a hero battle on Sol us okay
let's play it on hard okay I'm
regretting this decision okay I really
want to see what boba fett is like okay
he has a flamethrower a jetpack and a
wrist rocket rockets from the wrist
get in my way ah one I promise you Baba
what a stupid name boba okay so a
jetpack is right click boba fett is the
best ha this is that make a pledge no
one can stand in my way okay so I can't
block but I couldn't bloody rocket
whenever I want oh I've got low life
I've got low life oh shit come on buh
bah bah bah bah
don't die on me bah bah oh shit because
monkey-faced ah yes red you bloody
diaper Oh use the wrist rocket what does
that coin do is that give me health I
think it does quickly rocket oh shit no
they die I attend house don't do it I
have a hundred look at me unsold bloody
good oh shit squid faces back on my
goose okay this is bad just badness with
Spanish Spanish there's a lot of them oh
no I messed up memory load I rest up I
reload run away okay I've got 11 health
I might die
he's only more health there's more
health over there okay let's make it to
the health without guy no no please guys
please I need my help I need my help
I've got eight more help
come on shit no six
why not I for some reason that guy went
flying for some reason this seems a lot
easier even though it's hard difficulty
I'm so dead I am so dead time yeah I'm
dead haha but Jesus Christ killstreak I
think boba is definitely the best at
this I mean come on it's a like an
unlimited rocket I can just fly anywhere
flamethrower
hahaha burn in hell
oh there's bad news bad news I'm dead I
did and I think I'm dead I think I'm
dead oh oh oh oh oh oh
reload ah jeez okay this actually pretty
close 71 to 52 okay I know my numbers uh
who's that I'm pretty sure you're not
mighty pissed off they all seem to be
sporting from there over my dead Watts
rocket rocket come on ah three triple
kill mom get the camera
shit shit shit we need to collect the
coins there's no point killing them if
we're not gonna collect the coins
quickly with all these coins nom nom nom
nom nom nom nom nom
cuz I do it wait why the rabbit
celebrated what-what-what-what wish you
felt no 92 points when it was the bloody
shitty teammate that's what bloody let
us shit what how do we lose I'll piss
off Boba Fett your bloody shitter okay
let's do the hero battle on/off and this
time let's plays the rebels I'll play on
hard again okay but this time I better
win Rebel Alliance look look you could
play as Luke Skywalker Han Solo Princess
Leia oh I like the sound of lair
let's play as the lair you're so pretty
I gave you a gets in virtue in life okay
what can layer do what does one do
trooper bane one-shot kill oh I should
probably not waste it then okay number 2
is a shield it looks like oh oh oh it's
like a bubble oh we take the combat I'm
sorry mum oh shit look this doctor is
the karma they like how do we destroy
this baboo I don't know what are you
happy okay quickly click the coins oh
shit let's make it quickly retreat into
the bubble oh shit who is that a blue a
blue chip Oh
eat what he's dead now coins coins going
from I love go inside oh I'm dead seven
life five life
Oh shitty dee dee Oh what would we
possibly collect all the coins up and we
go I like it okay there's a health pick
up over there okay I have five life left
alright it'll be a miracle if I can
somehow make it huh how do I make it up
there okay I'm pretty sure one more
bullet with killing me okay
so we got to be very sneaky Oh who's
that
hello oh oh shit I've to live no no no
no please guys I don't know where you're
from
ah I bloody will Santa poppet wait
whooping ah yes long live princess layer
you sexy piece of ass
where are they then oh oh oh
oh oh oh oh shit there that lifter
flagging us
I love the right door ha ha they're like
oh no I'm get up there now oh my
goodness took all the coins get the
coins 61-63 65/100
oh no not not yet you know why I'm
winning guys it's the force I can fill
the force with me and I love it
we're so lonely willing oh shit oh
goodness go with a rocket oh shit
ling-ling I'm sorry
I shit look at them dropping like flies
oh I'm sorry oh I'm dead
come on come on come on come on come on
we like to do it I'm sure in it look uh
Princess Leia she's so badass makes you
successful god damn it I love this game
ok the last thing we're gonna do today
is we're gonna do the hero battle on
Endor and we're gonna play it on master
difficulty that's right I my dad okay so
Luke Skywalker has a force push a heavy
strike and the saber rush but a hand
solder has shoulder charge rapid fire
lucky shot okay we're gonna do Luke
Skywalker okay cuz he just has a gun han
listening to me
no one cares about your shooting skills
Thank You mr. said this for eccentric
nope fun
oh sure this is badass I can't wait to
push enemies where are the enemies oh
they could be jump this is so amazing
come on enemies I'm just charging right
forward boom bushes Oh aah
that guy died this is badass
it's just badass this is badass come on
stormtrooper go back it push it
ha ha ha he went flying come on come on
come on come out come out o get rekt are
the way Luke roams was just so epic like
he just oozes on a mission I told so
many oh I got one boom boom come on
epic epic is always look at him just
sitting there he's like oh I guess I'm
dead now okay with 32 to 28 it's a close
game but at least we're not losing quick
it me bomb bomb quickly ah triple kill
oh wait you're still signing sir
oh they're all in the middle get to get
going
destroy it on a dime a dime a dime a
dime dice okay we're just winning 65-54
come on I'm not going to lose this game
the force come on where are you I need
you now more than ever force
oh shit oh no no my Oh push it I would
said I was so cool that was so good Oh
92 to 100 oh uh are we gonna Oh
whoops
ah I guess expert difficulties are too
hard for me okay guys I'm gonna end the
video here this was Ben Star Wars
Battlefront probably not gonna make
another video on this game but yeah I
really do enjoy it and I think I'm gonna
play a little bit more and I played a
lot more of the more we play in my spare
time but I yeah hope you guys enjoy
anyway nevertheless let's try and hit
six thousand likes because you love me I
hope you do and yeah anyway guys I want
that guys so much watching and I will
see you in a goddamn mix with your man
see later guys love you back
