don't um
Oh
hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is master selfie and today ladies
gentlemen you guys read the title we are
back yet again with the fall oh wow look
at me layman I'm about to go pick up
some peaches okay with my new tuxedo Hey
look a fly
I'm a looking flower ladies gentlemen am
I looking for leis ladies now gentlemen
ladies I'm not a bloody gate anyway in
today's video ladies gentlemen there has
been a bunch of months already released
for fallout 4 so I've gathered all of
them well most of them and I'm today in
today's video I'm gonna show you the
best fallout 4 mods so far okay this is
like two weeks into the game all right
I'm sure there's gonna be so much better
much later on so without wasting any
more time let us straight away get into
it baby words okay this is the first mod
as you can see here is dogmeat okay now
some of you may be like I don't like no
clean
he looks bloody ugly you listening to me
dogmeat you are bloody shitty ugly but
Brendan I just want you to love me
ah but lace gentleman with the power of
mods we can turn dog meat into musky me
take a look at him me Sookie I love it
when he does that
what are you doing huh standing up okay
it's not a bloody trick go fetch me some
food or something
Jesus so this is the first mod okay a
reskin of dog meat now some of you guys
may not be dog people some of you may be
pussy cat people okay but with the power
of mods we can change dog meat into a
little pussy if I click on dogmeat and
type in back Shawn catch it shirt oh
don't meet where you go I did uh hello
alright this one's a bit glitchy but
let's try it again
look I got a little push
look at dogmeat got a little friend it's
like brand good I do not wanna hang
around this stupid cat
we need to get the hell out of a okay I
do not want this person can follow me oh
hey guys ah what that is a wicked ago
today huh can I have a gun or something
okay so I think the cat will follow me
come on guys let's go I've got a cat and
dog game okay this is amazing
all right should we go attack some some
stuff and see if they retaliate let's
spawn in one fell cool okay oh oh here
is going animals attack we're supposed
to got gone golf push you got I don't
know how to attack complex Ã«god wise dog
me doing everything don't run away
but see stupid pussy what was it his
name short they're not my son a pussy
cub uh what um what pussy cat ran away
oh no don't means dead okay well um
looks like the cat is not that great god
kill it okay I got it
um alright I don't know where the pussy
cow that you are now man I forgot to
tell you I don't know how to fight now
okay so having a cat isn't the best a
companion it is the me you stupid pussy
gun now don't worry if you're not a cat
person you are Soros how could be oh it
didn't work
hahahahaha you could make a hell a
person ha ha I'm a gorilla yes you are
mr. gorilla man okay so are we gonna
have a gorilla follow us um I don't know
what he does but you know what I I
bloody well like it look at him run it
with me why I say a gorilla model in
this game I ever played that much the
game yet but why is it a gorilla here
what a great team the gorillas don't
meet and me good I love it
okay let's try spawning in a surprise
contact engage it oh my good ones that a
bloody ball ball bullshit
oh the gorillas going in go gorilla oh
look at him attack oh shit you don't
mess with gorillas ah go
I should have been looking at my house
not focusing on the fight um anyway I
booga-booga whatever guerillas make now
say you don't like to poke arena okay
you not a bloody monkey lover alright
you can instead spawn in a bloody didn't
work oh hello that's cool
okay um I think the - close friendly his
name is Sean um let's go out yeah we
like that okay so I think you can have
death close follow you now oh bloody oh
I do not trust this death globe look at
him it's so scary huh okay a death go
please please okay it's okay it's okay
let's go alright now I'm pretty sure if
I spawn in any enemies the deaf girl
would just recommend one
okay let's born in another deathclaw and
let's see deathclaw versus deathclaw oh
here it is going death glow oh is it
attacking what if I hit it and oh shit I
a grenade gone short kill it Oh down
away short where you going
Oh murder burger oh shit hello legendary
albino haha okay I'm sorry
oh sorry don't meet you wanna help how
she got means dead
okay deathclaws cannot defeat that
clause Sean why don't you go wagon do
you think I'm gonna kill my own
you bloody gay can I spawn anything else
oh my goodness what was that uh uh no
behemoth uh are you doing okay and Jesus
Christ look at that look at this guy oh
my goodness
uh so you can spawn any behemoth as well
um what is he a carrying on his back
okay I'm sorry I'm for looking okay
let's spawn in and my Lok King oh shit
oh my goodness
I've not seen one of these before holy
shit what is that surely the behemoth
your bloody useless you bloody gate oh
my goodness oh my goodness kill it kill
it kill it
what are you doing
screw that alright these new animals
they bloody that bloody useless all
right I'm not having any of them with me
forget it ah here we are
beautiful diamond city so my next model
is diamond isn't really a funny one it's
more like a useful one but there's this
conversation mod where it basically
shows you the whole conversation instead
of giving like a summary so you can
choose exactly what you want to say
without guessing what you're probably
gonna say so uh yes I would love a heavy
great let's get to it just sit in the
chair okay shut up John oh I didn't know
there was a schoolhouse in diamond city
let's go to the schoolhouse oh my
goodness look at all these kids in
school hello Gavin hi there what hello
Nina well how are you look at maps alone
you want to be left alone
okay hello Pete hi there do all you
outside you're such funny well I want
funny clothes uh I'm in a tuxedo I I I
don't I don't look funny hello hello I
read a beer
Oh materia you're bored but I'm talking
to you
these children are bloody rude okay
don't look at me like that I'm the new
teacher now piss off you bloody gate now
the thing about Bethesda games okay they
put these stupid little rude ass kids
that's right I'm looking at you Phil
they put these little kids in the game
okay and you can't touch him okay you
touch him they bloody run away and the
adults come shoot you but luckily I've
installed the mod that allows me to go
if I never don't
Oh
my heart palpitation the kind you've got
below out amazing
okay that was the killable our children
model if you guys are feeling a bit mad
like me
uh you can go ahead install it but Jesus
Christ lazy man look at this beautiful
sky he's so beautiful
ah I forgot what other mods I installed
Oh
oh yeah that's right that's the Death
Star okay lay shame it is time to move
on to our next Mon now I've got to give
a bit of a warning because this is a
huge spoiler but later man I have found
my son and he is in my inventory let me
just go get him and here he is late
Edelman my son Sean is alive hello Sean
I'm glad I found Lee found you my little
goochie goochie goo now doesn't he just
look like the cutest thing ever
who's the cool boy suka put it yes you
are who's my little shorty shorty who
could you go down Uncle Joe go down go
down go down now Sean I was so worried
about you I was so scared that you would
be hot but it looks like you are
completely fine now if I take Sean and
put him in my inventory I can actually
put him in my own very hidden his own
little very bed so what Sean does is he
usually sits in this I think this wasn't
like an old gun you know it doesn't work
anymore but um yes Sean can just sit in
here in my inventory and yeah just sit
in this gun and just uh you know go to
sleep and do what baby stuff does I'm
pretty sure the gun doesn't work yeah
I'm pretty sure this gun doesn't work
anymore I'm pretty sure I'm pretty
short-short god no no no no please
please tell me so it's okay no no no no
no III didn't know I thought this guy's
wasn't working anymore
I saved I spent all this time saving
Sean no no he can't be dead he can't be
dead sure sure where are you oh shit I'm
the worst father ever
who would put the Sun in a bloody gun
I'm so sorry soon I'm so sorry
oh shit ease dies God isn't he it's
bloody kind of the worst father ever
wait a second it says something is
loaded in the gun maybe it's Sean Sean
are you in here shop sure no not again
not again
Sean ah I get it again
okay enough messing around this is this
gun it's called the fat man okay it's
one of the most iconic guns in fallout 3
and Fallout 4 and oh yeah with this mod
it replaces the mini nuke texture with
my son Sean so it looks like you are
shooting out your son instead what a
wonderful mod only bloody shit I am the
best father ever I swear to God okay now
this is currently meat in the game okay
now even though I do look goddamn
good-looking you know what I mean baby
but there's even been some mods or
should I say safe games where you can
load in some sexy girl characters now
I've created one using their templates
alright time to show you my sexy ass
pretty baby
listen
Jerome look at this fine piece of ass oh
I love it I love it so much look how bad
she's looking check some fat
now I remember there was one more mod
but I can't remember what exactly it was
um no I can't remember that I said that
I didn't it is a dead table Oh Oh Lord
oh bloody Teddy's oh oh my goodness the
gender the dead things I'm going to end
the video here guys cuz I'm going to
enjoy this bloody dick huh okay let's
try it 10,000 likes for more fallout 4
I'll upload another one when we reach it
but see you later guys I'm gonna enjoy
this big news
oh I love the bloody dirty your letter
oh it's our nice
