oh hello everyone
how is everyone to win it is measure
selfie at the dilation we are playing
probably the most anticipated game ever
since I was a small little ditty we are
playing Star Wars Battlefront the new
shooter game by EA I am so excited yeah
what we're gonna do in today's video
we're gonna check out our Star Wars
Battlefront I've been playing it for a
little bit and I'm having maybe too much
fun at the moment it's not out in the UK
so um the multiplayer is working but
they have missions you can do
single-player missions so uh you know
what I think I'm gonna do that just
listen to the soundtrack plays general
you're so beautiful
all right I think training is probably
the best way to show you the game now
they have all these missions beggars
Canyon and door chase chase down fling
rebels on your speeder bike and sounds
bloody fun let's do that liberal forces
are reported to be moving to an
extraction point in the patrols the
sanity they must not be allowed to
escape okay dad I don't know who's
telling me this what's happening
hello do speeders ready yet get out on
your patrol okay
uh I mean yes sir yes sir I agree okay
we're gonna chase down rebel scum what
uh yeah yeah so badass oh my goodness
this looks amazing
oh oh oh no the trees okay I'm sorry oh
okay I'm going too fast I'm going to
Falls all right okay okay just don't
citrus oh okay I went down all right all
right
oh my goodness how am i doing this this
is a batch job oh no rabbits come pick
them out oh my goodness this is amazing
in just at the rebels okay you've got it
oh my goodness okay my aim is just to
not crash oh great yeah just a second I
said that okay anyway carry on
let's not crash this is so fun the
rebels are escaping over my dead body
oh shit never mind all right I gotta
admit this is intense this is intense
trying to dodge the trees but but okay
I've caught up with the rebel scum oh
okay it's okay
okay which one I'll go for I'm going
over this guy come back here you rebel
piece of shit okay okay my space a fire
weapon okay get it get it Oh a good one
oh god damn it
God why do I keep dying this is so
intense I can't handle it okay it's okay
I've killed two people
ow okay all right come on a bit closer
bit closer press one to boost oh okay
let's do fast I don't like it okay
shitty okay I've only got one more life
left I can't I gotta mess around anymore
quickly boost
oh yes I like it this is sorry tax I
love it
alright take him out take him out oh
look at that explosion oh I love this
game so much it's so exciting gon pick
it up take him out oh gosh a tree oh oh
I was gonna say that was amazing dodging
the tree but I died mission failed oh my
goodness oh don't mater don't eat me
okay another controls a bit better this
time okay I shouldn't die Oh set that a
night buddy hit the tree
oh you press right click to lock onto
them now that makes things so much
easier I wish I knew that earlier come
back here you rebel scum boot hey what's
that oh I got a thing but I don't know
what it is but I like it quickly take
him out take him out stop dying Brandon
narrow canyons up old shit I can't
handle that will you take him out oh
yeah oh oh there's the narrow canyons
why do I keep dying
come on narrow canyons okay what about -
one more like this it's not going well I
probably should go so fast that's
probably this that's what issues yeah a
definite was the issue okay concentrate
good Rick close the drapes watch out for
the rocks
oh no the rock is in this game Oh No out
that hurt
oh oh oh skills got it all the rocks
they warned me about this Oh No I've got
four health if I even put another Rock
I'm dead oh my goodness no pressure no
pressure what is it boss I'm scared to
boost but I'm going to do it anyway oh
oh come on put that tree there
lore'l I'm sorry sorry Darth Vader I
disappointed ow
okay it's okay I'm still living oh come
on get rekt okay I'm having way too much
fun with this okay oh no come on you're
meant to be on my team as TST you bloody
dippy come on lock onto him come on
don't get away don't get away oh no I
should not boosted that I should not
have boosted that I'm doing it yes yes
sharp left turn ahead got it mr. robot
man giving the voices in my head oh my
goodness I can't handle this is too
intense okay I'm not that yet which is
good won't get it oh the trees god
dammit hard left coming up Oh hard oh it
was very hard it's too hard for me I
don't like it
watch out for the drop what drop oh my
goodness look how pretty this game is I
love the water come on come on that
ordinary dad the only dad I can handle
the pressure
what's happening did I get it please
tell me I did it oh my goodness what's
good Apple
oh let's defeat the rebels Oh
get rekt he's like oh I did it did I do
it
please tell me I did it yeah I mr.
successful okay that was that was way
too much fun okay that was probably
gonna be my favorite but let's try the
other missions let's try the dark site
and Perot Palpatine and his apprentice
lord Vader
us beheading spearheading ha
spearheading the attack on a rebel base
located within the Hoth system
let's go help their cause dark side
let's do this shit the rebel forces are
scrambling to maintain their control of
their base of the dark rules or the 6th
and they'd impress the dark side and
wipe them out I will do it dad
because you are my father mr. Vader man
oh my girls I can choose should I play
as Darth Vader or Emperor Palpatine I'm
gonna choose lord Vader I have to okay
oh no what's this rebel scum how dare
they prepare to kill us
oh no oh oh
destroy them all my apprentice Oh No
praise be a party or wherever his name
is oh my goodness
eliminate the rebels and take control of
the base I will do this lock onto target
with thee all here come the rebels you
want to find it what I just threw my
life saver
oh look look oh I just hit it with his
own bullets hat get that come on -
what's up you think yours is it smart to
take on lord Vader the doors are opening
oh my gosh what's happening hmm more
rebel scum give me all the ways that you
need but they're not gonna defeat lord
Vader come on we dodged a bullet
look at me I'm so glad wait can I choke
people ha ha quickly from my lightsaber
ha ha ha get rekt come in little friend
come on look at him he just no it's like
my hope I can't load man I forgot since
more enemies up my teammate which is rap
poster for the bloody bum bum oh this is
so bad that's quickly choking go him oh
where are the bloody rebels DeLeon ya
lost doors opening uh-oh this is the big
way look at them this one two three four
oh is that it okay that's not that's on
a big deal we throw the lightsaber
whoa oh oh look at him look at it
cut it get it oh it's suiciding okay I
got it
No they're trying to counter-attack
those bloody rebel scum where are they
Oh hear that oh no this is a big way
okay this is a lot more enemies and
denied has made it oh my goodness come
then I will take them on 100 joking
you see that it's jet black all too easy
ah yeah should I do it oh my goodness
Lord 15 Jesus cry all right calm down
they're dead
Jesus Christ I'm so evil
uh-oh you better run away - okay no
never mind he's dead
ah yeah so badass
thank you master that was Oh bah okay so
we've done the end or race we've done
the dark side what else should we do
invasion fly 80 47 air speed too hot the
oncoming Imperial walkers that sounds
really fun
let's do that the Empire has discovered
a rebel place and it must be defended on
till all transports are away protector
power generators at all course I will
try I will try master Oh No they're
attacking everybody run weight won't be
just here I start with as Darth Vader
okay never mind
oh snap
ah yeah this dude is baby may the force
be with you do mummy I love you
what's for dinner destroy the enemy
walkers that is that the walkers oh
there they are there they are okay don't
crash dog right okay okay kill it kill
it kill it
yeah go up oh thanks hahaha Oh get him
get him get him get him get him throw up
come on I think we're gonna lose this
mission if this keeps happening quickly
destroy it destroy it
just try it come on come on I'll destroy
them destroy them I did it will you take
him out take him out doc don't die I do
what okay okay screw this I'm gonna go
get a controller oh yeah this is so much
better this is so much better I can see
everything so clearly now go on ATS DS
you think you've been bloody sir fight
yes right get rekt oh yes right I can
maneuver now come on die die die die die
die
yes and take all the stupid
stormtroopers oh and thank you ATS DS I
can see you coming from that oh I might
die I might die I might die but I don't
care I don't care I don't bloody oh come
on come on
Oh get rekt whoa
scratch one chicken walk up money
chicken come on
wand out another one Oh No Wow
destroy oh oh I'm alive
did I do it did I do it
the first transport is away the first
transport is well I go do it all again
an imperial 8080 Oh
Dicky's oh I could finally use a tow
cable okay okay how do I do this
all right oh no he's gonna kill me
scooting oh I'm doing it I'm doing it
come on come on come on keep it in the
middle come on come on come on come on
come on
yes it's balling
ha ha ha ha ha get right baby whoa oh I
think there's one more I think there's
one more ok watch this watch this watch
this watch this
boom come on try it again
tow cable don't die don't die is this
good
okay I'm sorry mum okay okay one more
one more one more we can do this I think
I've got the hang of it now
all I have to do is press it now come on
I can still do it I'm doing it I'm doing
it I'm doing it come on come on last one
last one
no yes yes yes I did it baby oh I died
and I died what nope isn't a mess game
over
No Oh screw this okay I did it alright
leave me alone okay guys I'm gonna end
the video here I'm really enjoying this
game so far I think I want to make a
couple of more videos on it or if you
guys want me to say it leave a goddamn
like if we can reach like I would say
8000 I might explore more of the game
like the multiplayer or some more
missions you can even do co-op so I
might like get some more youtubers to
come play with me uh if you recommend
some in the comments but yeah anyway
guys I'm really enjoying this game it's
so much fun can't wait to make more
videos in it but to yet I'm in a minute
end of video here hey guys so much
watching I will see you in the car damn
legs with your man silly you guys love
you and made of folks big god damn with
you yay
