hello everyone how is everyone doing in
this measure selfie and today slays
German we are back yet again with the
foul ow
foul yeah yeah so in today's video
ladies and gentlemen we are not gonna be
doing any story or any side missions
anything like that what I had discovered
okay
it wasn't we're not discovered it was in
the previous Fallout games is something
called console commands and what these
console commands basically allow you to
do is anything okay you can break the
god damn game if you want to do okay so
I pick a select few and we're gonna mess
around with them here in today's video
ladies gentlemen okay let's first start
things a little slowly okay what we are
going to first change is our runs B okay
so this is our currently run speed okay
slow okay it's not Usain Bolt now when
you press the command key which could
either be Nixon the number one on your
keyboard or I think if you're European
it's it's - okay now I'm gonna put
player don't set a V space speed mod and
put the number ten 101,000 I think a
thousand is the max okay so I'm gonna
put a million okay this could break the
game I'm scared to move don't meet can
you catch up okay so I think this is the
fastest you could be you can travel but
still this makes traveling a hell of a
lot easier take a look at the dark
Gundams into the dance is hard because
I'm tired to death because apparently
dad - dad - dad okay now we are going to
change our jump height now this is when
things get a little crazy
okay let's first start off with a
hundred Oh
okay okay jump oh shit okay that's
that's that's that shit oh okay okay
when you start running it starts to
escalate oh my god oh my gosh oh my
goodness Wow okay let's next try a
thousand and okay I am going to do
something that you should not try at
home I am going to set it to 1 million
three
oh my god that's bloody high oK we've
reached we seem to respawn I don't know
why don't mate came and came with me I
was the cheese reset itself all no it
hasn't
oh my goodness look at this you can see
the whole map you can see the whole
bloody map oh no I'm sorry okay it's
time for the next sheet
now this next sheet you can make any
character or animal massive okay now if
I do play up dot set scale okay and say
if I do too
it should double my size did it do it oh
oh my god there we go I am now double
size okay now this can go all the way up
to ten we can go all the way up to ten
times okay guys are you ready are you
ready oh my goodness is this man what is
this oh my goodness oh my goodness oh my
goodness stay calm stay calm I don't
even know what to look how do I control
this I guess if I go first person oh my
goodness it's like I'm flying
Concorde it's so bloody small God thank
good
Godzilla yeah I'm so funny
but Jesus Christ ladies gentlemen look
at this view
I'm not sure if I'm allowed to see this
view but I like it okay now I haven't
checked out this cheat but if you put
set time scale - and then a number like
oh no like a hundred it should fast
forward type is it doing it I don't know
it's the Sun moving faster I don't know
what if I set it to 10,000 or what I do
oh my goodness
whoa this time-lapse though this is Carl
damn beautiful Jesus Christ I am really
breaking this game on I the game's been
released for a couple of days and I am
just breaking it like god damn shit look
how fast I'm going
look at the size of me look at the
bloody weather No okay so we are
currently at Diamond City uh if you
don't know what that is it is it doesn't
matter okay don't tell me about spoilers
okay now there is this special cheat
okay that will allow you to kill
everyone in the vicinity okay okay let's
do the cheat if you put in kill all okay
pretty simple it should kill all Oh God
now I found a quest cuz everyone died me
now why didn't you die you bloody HOH
hey sweetie not supposed to talk to
people I don't know well we can get to
know me isn't it babe okay now I'm going
to share a very special cheat when you
enter the code COC space you a smoke it
will teleport you to a mysterious room
what's gonna happen oh where am i what
is this place
oh my god this seems to be a place where
you could do everything they have all
the work benches or the cooking stations
oh my god they have all the power
the xo1 the t45 the EXO white box five
thirty sixty the bloody just regular
power armor the EXO one the EXO one
again FK walk 360 beat it be let's get
in the bloody masking oh yeah yeah Nick
amigo no power
oh Jesus Christ blood oh that was just
great isn't it okay guys I'm back I
edited the video and I noticed it was
quite sure and I discovered a whole lot
more cheats so ladies gentlemen so when
you enter the cheat COC prewar sanctuary
ax T or one okay don't forget the or one
it should teleport you to pre-war what
here we go
we are now back in pre-war sanctuary you
know before the bomb bloody blew up look
everything's back to normal
okay my son he should be in here short
short oh no Shawn Shawn still Shawn's
are still missing for goodness sake I
can't seem to kill any of them which
bloody sucks
we're hang a second let's do the kill
old G kill all okay okay excuse me
excuse me gotta go to volt okay so I
figured out how to spawn in enemies okay
so I'm gonna spawn in some ghouls now
how many calls should I spawn in okay
let's support it a hundred goals this
could break my game okay
it's a bad idea bad idea although the
ghosts are attacking on the suicide oh
shit Brunswick run oh shit look these
guys are fighting for allies okie come
now they come and go Oh everybody was
kung fool ok I'm gonna die of radiation
poison up stupid goals okay I think we
need some help so let's pour in some
Raiders or something oh my god
okay the register they're in a good job
I love just watching this oh shit lose
that explosion okay
I've completely ruined sanctuary this
place it's really it's God's a Bruin
let's just end this all let's do kill
all okay are we at peace now Jesus
Christ what have I done what have I done
ignore the blood
okay so I've made myself massive but
apparently you can make yourself really
small by don't how to do that maybe I
put 0.1 Christ look at me I'm tiny
oh my goodness look at me run okay I'm
gonna spawn in a legendary albino
deathclaw okay oh okay now it's already
massive okay but I am going to make it
ten times bigger than what it already is
oh my god here we go here we go oh my
goodness and look at the size of me do
you think I could do it guys do you
think I could kill the deathclaw okay
let's try and hope this minigun can kill
it
Oh God oh my goodness oh my goodness
what have I thought okay sorry Brandon -
Brandon drug for your life you know what
I'm gonna end a video here this is a
fallout cheats yeah there's some pretty
cool things you can do I would recommend
it though cuz it completely breaks the
game alright
stupid kid what are you looking at even
though I'm really small compared to him
but yeah anyway guys I think I stopped
working Levi god damn like when we reach
10,000 likes I'm gonna actually do a
modding video for my next fallout video
there's actually quite a few mods out
there already so it'll be fun to explore
that but anyway guys let's try reached
10,000 likes I will see you in the
goddamn mix for your man see you later
guys love you Baba
