haha hello everyone how is everyone -
Winnie this measure selfie and today
lazy man you guys ready Chad oh we are
playing as I seen a Safina Creed
syndicate oh what what why am i doing a
Spanish accent the accent that I'm
supposed to be using is a British accent
because ladies and gentleman this
Assassin's Creed is in a bloody London
my hometown Assassin's Creed's blaming
boiled down look at this game ladies
gentleman now you've got to admit okay
Assassin's Creed has been a bit shitty
for the past couple of years but you
know what dozen this god damn beautiful
le bouff so yes ladies gentlemen uh
we're in London um I'm liking the game
so far you know like I think it was a
lot better than unity I don't think I
even made any unity videos but uh yeah I
think this is this is really good at the
moment I'm playing as d-v okay you can
play as - Cena's okay a woman and a boy
brother and sister family shit I think
my favorite thing about this game so far
is that the people that they sound
goddamn hilarious they're all their own
like stereotypical British people what
does that mean get item white little
fatty kid where's this kid going get
item nice for you what what did he give
me drugs drugs oh shit is the five oh uh
hello policeman huh I know no drugs okay
I need to I need steak steak on I'm
gonna let you guys know what I have
found out from the game basically this
is the map of London and each part of
the map is called a Barra over here we
have white shuttle over here the City of
London over here the Strand
over here is worst
stop right in the center is that River
Thames over here is south walk and last
but definitely not least lumber okay now
I don't play much of the game are
clearly since the maps all red and I
need to liberate it like every Sasson
screed game the first thing that I want
to do lays gentlemen is climb Big Ben
now going on my British knowledge okay
it's somewhere next to the Thames let's
find it bad bad well you been bad little
buddy
wait gee that pen better you that one of
the bloody hell's Big Ben oh here it is
okay Big Ben is right over here
okay so what the first thing I'm gonna
do ladies gentlemen is climb lario Ben
and there she is slaves gentlemen Big
Ben oh the bloody Dickey do I get over
there can I just jump off shoot up okay
it's okay what's that noise
what is this ding ding dong ding dong
examine what the what what what treasure
treasure treasure what is this ah naw a
circum oh shit oh shit oh shit oh oh
shit - 500 shit what what up am I not
meant to be here okay I didn't have to
do this but yeah
get rekt oh shit hahaha
okay so something new that they've added
in the game is they have added a
grappling hook okay so you can fly
around like bloody Batman Batman
nananananananana Batman I forgot the
Batman tune excuse me police boy please
oh hey horsey ow okay rude look can I
just take your okay I'm sorry
what is this bloody GTA assassin or okay
so we just took this guy's a whip and
driving it to a bloody bin Ben can you
move out the way you bloody gays and
here we are ladies gentlemen Big Ben
it's plenty bigger okay so now I know I
said I had the grappling hook but you
know what I kind of feel like it's
cheating I mean like when you're
climbing something so majestic like Ben
how could you how is even possible I'm
pretty sure bet Ben doesn't have these
bloody latches you can grab on to I kind
of wanna use my grappling hook I kind of
realized why they gave us a grappling
hook oh shit look we're on the bloody a
clock thing uh numbers what we're on the
clock bit oh shit like this this is so
weird
this is really cool like it away it's
not the top should i grappling hook to
the top whoa you hear that guys yeah
Oh
beautiful about bloody London so
beautiful Jesus Christ guys you know
what I'm really starting to like this
game
okay so what we're gonna do now ladies
gentleman is we are gonna go do a
mission on the map okay
I've noticed here a bounty is set on Leo
pod bah
sure okay we are here we have to bring
back the target alive
Leo pod chuckles okay it is time to go
into sneak mode Oh Dada da Dada Dada
Dada quickly eagle vision
bockris you bloody gay I will take you
alive okay now the thing about easy the
girl of Sasson she is good at sneaking
okay
so we need to plan this right as a
fiddle
two targets eliminated the rest of them
are downstairs we are now in the sewer
can you smell the poo
I bloody can oh haha oh oh oh shit
if you can't do the time don't do the
crime
oh shit that's not good mmm shit uh
don't mind me
oh shit um what are you oh shit house no
see me
oh um nothing's happening here um it's
okay what a bloody dum-dum it's okay
funny wait I should probably get rid of
it oh shit oh shit oh shit but the
targets body in a vehicle to take it to
the destination oh shit
uh oh um the enemies are right there hey
isn't that Leo port kept being carried
by that assassin oh bloody any players
like it Wow
okay plum in the back hide his body um
shit wouldn't worry you guys look around
huh huh okay now what we have to deliver
him to the bloody Oh what what's
happening oh it's the bloody enemies
listen can I just take your leader in
peace now all we need to do is drop him
right over
Hey boom and yes please Devin we did
about uncompleted bring back
Leigha bug oh uh daddy's okay now the
one thing that I love doing in video
games okay is to find the highest point
okay especially in Assassin's Creed all
right now apparently the highest point
in the game can be seen from Big Ben oh
that looks pretty high do you think
that's higher mmm
Oh Archie party what oh shit I forgot
which one's the biggest is it this one
or that one it's that one right it was
that one oh wait no which one behind it
bloody ell famous game I can't help but
talk more British than I actually am
crikey
what is that a foot isn't a Australian
excuse me look at this
I feel so naughty that I have this
grappling hook look at this look at this
I can go all the way to top by pressing
album look at what is it
imagine if I had visit all the other's
asses great games it would have made
things so much easier jump jump jump
jump two hours later
yeah ha ha
um I think this is it I think this is
the highest point I think it's bigger
than bad ok the last thing we're gonna
do is we are going to do child
liberation red growler - Aloha
now the thing about this mission is that
they recommend a level 9 I am bloody
level 4 but um this is a terrible idea
warning level 9 area skill upgrade
suggested free all children out of 12 12
children oh shit oh shit oh shit
ah I'll jump enough oh shit is the kids
oh no what are they doing with it what
what are they doing are they eating from
the bloody barrel oh my
this is a terrible idea oh my god
this one is separating poop Oh signal
okay this guy's level 10 max level
trihard over here oh shit the guy we
have to kill is just here oh my god oh
my god oh my god Oh
quickly children go you're free thanks
video lady I know I'm killing the
children's workers and everything but I
just made them unemployed kids go I'll
be right back thank you it's okay piss
off you bloody get all right we need to
time these two perfectly stabbing a bum
don't see me please for the love of
brother for the love of it don't trust
grownups
I like you stop what I don't trust
Kronos put a local style okay how I'm
still alive
I have no goddamn idea um smokable wait
no stop him just stop him won't you kill
me
I just ran away and now they'd forgotten
about me this is why I love my son's
green way--just completely forget their
like oh no it she's probably gone stab
are you pissing off on my face I just
rather run around the wall in there like
bloody Oh where'd she go
wait where the croc here she go what
what the bloody how'd he do this is a
bad idea this is a bad idea okay
well side painting him 62 times combo
100 yeah Hey what is going on I'm a
curriculum now bloody ell a hundred and
twenty eight times to kill them all
right
okay ignite this carry it throw it now
break out
uh-oh uh-oh they're all coming up
they're all gumming up oh no no no no no
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no no no no no no no no no no oh shit
no no just mud run this run no you got
oh shit he's coming he's coming he's
coming he's coming please kill him okay
si si not oh yes yes yes
okay okay okay good I think it I think
the coast is clear I think the coast is
clear little kids go I don't do it I did
it oh my god oh Sh
wait what what was going on hello oh
shit um what happened there okay well
whatever happened the kids bloody well
liked it okay guys I'm gonna end the
video here I've been playing this game
for long okay so if you guys know any
cool stuff you can do with this game let
me know okay I might do another video on
this I don't know lately I got damn like
if you guys think I should do more let
me know alright but if you guys don't I
spun anyway guys are they got so much
watching and I will see you in a goddamn
next video man see you later guys love
you
ba ba asesino Oh
