yoyoyo go that is the intro that's just
intro hey guys it's Brandon here and
today I'm in a good mood
I am vlogging today and there's a
special reason why I am blogging today
okay now this weekend plays gentleman
could be the best weekend I've ever had
in my in my entire life now I don't
wanna spoil it or anything but the first
thing we are doing is we are going on a
flight today to Amsterdam so I'm gonna
get ready I take a shave cause look at
this bloody on my bloody lip and
yeah I'm gonna go meet up with Josh aka
Slugger man my good friend and yeah
let's go to Amsterdam baby look guys
I've already packed look at this
terrible suitcase look it's falling
apart I'm just going to kick it down the
stairs
what's my mom yelled suitcase bloody
piss off
my mum didn't get what is life now
you're probably wondering Brandon why
are you going to Amsterdam
you know exactly why we are going there
after damn baby
oh do we get some morganella gosh ha ha
ha for gonna ever tell you one thing
right now I think it's tradition to say
goodbye to Rocky
bye whoa whoa ah good
yo yo yo okay we are back so we Lenten
announce them and at the moment we are
in my friend Robocop's
house okay Jordi hello okay now I know I
haven't told you guys a lot of details
I've sort of been like sharing it it's
very very slowly
yeah so basically we're in Amsterdam but
we're not here for long okay we are
going from Amsterdam to Switzerland and
apparently we are going on a private jet
my brother Jed baby
Liam I go down okay we just literally
just got off the private jet now I
haven't actually explained why why am I
getting a private jet in the first place
well basically Afrojack is the person
you saw earlier he's got a concert going
on in Switzerland and that's why we are
here okay so I'm here with like a bunch
of youtubers over there and yeah so
that's basically what we're doing
tonight
this is fancy this is fancy why am I
here I don't know okay so we're on
now it doesn't look as much like a
concert because basically we are here
with after I check with Activision for
like a quality chrome opening so
basically we're going to play a Call of
Duty like an hour or so so like there's
a whole bunch of screens here so we're
just going to be playing games for an
hour and then we'll go to the concert
okay
okay I'm just gonna relax in my hotel
room and explain a few things so as you
may or may not know the new Guitar Hero
game just came out you see me play it I
think in my Gamescom vlog here's a
really good game okay and it just came
out and they are sponsoring the MTV EMA
oh I don't know what EMA means enormous
Music Awards
it's very bigger so they're sponsoring
the event okay and I got email saying
Brandon you want to come to the ear mail
woods and play the guitar I was like
what what what where is the CMA Awards
ax and it's in Milan Italy but when you
pop me okay let's try not be racist for
this blog so um I gotta catch a fly I
think at 8 o'clock that's a reason why
I'm up so early so um yeah I'm going to
the MTV EMA awards we type the red
carpet in shed
I heard Justin Bieber's going to be that
I'm going to dodge him so much look at
this view from my hotel room guys the
bloody birds are being loud but look at
this place man
he's so goddamn beautiful Matt's Whitsun
look at a big oz Mountain Switzerland
okay it's a beautiful place look at this
 it brings a tear to my eye because
it's just so beautiful
okay we're back at the hotel room now
pretty decent view so guys I just
received this envelope okay now there's
some special things in this envelope or
what could be so who could be in circle
ah
see look at this ticket okay so we have
the ticket
alright son I'm definitely getting in
via then okay so we have a ticket over
here and we have a band that says full
VIP so apparently I'm a VIP am I am i
dad famous I finally been recognized
okay so we have a VIP what's this party
guest room
is there an MTV party party okay and
we've got a bunch of other yeah
centre of the world yeah blah blah blah
okay so Jesus Christ am I really go into
this event VIP treatment
goddammit it's about goddamn time okay
we're walking into the VM VMAs now was
it going to be amazing
oh yeah you saw those lines there's like
huge massive lines but obviously BRP
skip or none huh
piggyback her I'm gonna show me
one two three
about my legend
don't stop don't stop giving me things
don't stop
don't start laughing
talking
this
stop laughing
okay guys I am now back at my home and I
hope you guys really did enjoy this blog
like it was an insane weekend I went to
three different countries in the span of
three days and it was all possible
thanks to Activision you know they sent
me out for that Call of Duty promo thing
I got to meet Afrojack get on a private
jet with him that was insane and for
Guitar Hero
that was for Call of Duty and for Guitar
Hero set me out to my land for the MTV
EMA awards like it's it's crazy you know
like I said I'm still a bit starstruck
about the whole event so um Thank You
Activision for sending me out like
ecology comes out on the 6th I believe
so I'm definitely going to be making
loads of videos on that and Guitar Hero
looks really good so I think I might
make a video on that as well but anyway
guys I want to think I saw much for
watching thank you for this continuous
support you know I wouldn't be able to
do these sort of things if it wasn't for
you guys but yeah thank you guys so much
watching and I will see you in the
garden mix video Mak see you later love
you Bubba
how do I blow
