hello everyone how is everyone do we
need to smash your selfie and today
legend when I'm so excited cuz again
total hoax parole skater 5 yet again now
before we start the video I just want to
address a couple of things I want to
thank Activision for sponsoring this
video and the last Tony Hawk's Pro
Skater 5 video now some of you guys were
a little bit upset about that but to be
honest guys I barely ever do sponsored
content and I would never do any
sponsored content on stuff that I didn't
actually enjoy and you know what guys I
love this game like I think it's because
I was a huge fan as a kid when when I
was a kid on the Tony Hawk's games like
that game was basically my whole
childhood so I think I just immediately
really really liked this game and if you
guys I think you guys need to trust me a
little bit more you know like I like
this game and you could tell in the last
video I was genuinely having loads of
goddamn fun so in this video we're gonna
have some more fun today mate ok so the
first thing we're gonna do is we're
gonna go customize our skater again this
might discuss Kate a moment Jesus
banging a bloody iron I mean a robot
please calm down please okay so I've
unlock some more money let's see the new
stuff that I've unlocked Oh Ivan Locke
something new here ah bloody luchador
hey buddy look your dog look your dog
okay I think that's all the new stuff
that I looked but we can't buy some new
stuff so let's do that now okay let's
buy this bloody head it's a Beretta Cobo
Jesus Christ this is one mean-looking
pop ball actually no what I want to do
today I wanna play as little weight I
don't know wise in this game still again
let's play with little Wayne today okay
what we're gonna do now is we're gonna
go into the crater park now with this
game you could basically create like
that you could restate reshape the whole
map at into something else
oh look okay wind up winning a bloody a
mega Park and it's all empty okay so how
do we build Wow okay that's that's not
it oh I guess that's how you do it okay
so we can place oh okay so we can place
ramps okay
grind objects treat props okay we can
put balls in should we just put a bunch
of balls in okay all of the balls all of
the balls you can never have too many
balls all right now
uh I think I found out this enough balls
okay I'm wearing I'm looking with the
balls okay let's try me a little bit
more imaginative okay I tell you what
I'm gonna do I'm gonna place a rail
okay I'm gonna place a massive rail okay
going from one end to the other all
right and we're gonna do it in one goal
you think I'm mad you're goddamn right
okay legitimist this would I have
created I have created this rail that
goes all the way over here goes goes in
through this building okay goes around
there I'll go all the way around and all
the way an older way and all the way it
ends up there okay probably and I
probably won't work let's try out though
before we start the railing though I've
noticed that you have power-ups I don't
know what any of these do should we go
find out okay so we got flaming over
here let's put that over there we've got
chilly willy over here we've got this
man we've got this blood this wings I
don't know what this is a rock and this
is like a portal what is this okay we're
in um what are these power-ups do okay
let's go with that with that with that
what is that spring
it's light it's like a zero-gravity
thing this what's this fire as is just a
fire board what's this ice I don't get
it what was what's with the ice wait
oh my god I've become frogs on from The
Incredibles nice no oh my goodness I
that's so cool
Jesus Christ why am I not heard about
these parrots before okay is anyone
missed what's this um I'm now bigger for
some reason okay um what's this
electricity what is but I don't get
these power-ups okay all right now I
haven't tried my ramp um but we're gonna
give it a go three two one go
grind oh no is this gonna work I know
I've messed up somewhere okay okay it's
okay it's okay
you see the arrow in the top right we
have to make sure it is a full at the
middle oh no oh
stay on it yes come oh no the average
the arrows menu the arrow is going
mental
Lil Wayne can handle it little lollipop
look at the arrow
no no okay well as you can see I'm
really bad at creative maps but um yeah
let's what what you can do is you can
upload your own maps and yeah I think
what we're gonna do is we're gonna check
out much more talented people as levels
so we got to play and then we go to a
player created levels which we play most
played almost like oh don't put a tough
bloody question how about the most
played oh no which one's good let's play
hey be part okay we're here in paevey
park oh hey what's this this is gonna go
up oh okay what what's that to do this
level this level it looks good okay okay
so we've got letters Oh should we get to
eat should we find out his combo I can
do any combo okay you bloody test with a
combo alright so the C is over there the
O's over there okay okay this might be
hard and I thought all right so we start
off by going up here
boom alright good to see go on go the oh
oh no little Wayne you're not fast
enough come on what are you doing go
back to music Jesus Christ little Wayne
oh you're okay now watch the bloody hobo
is gonna do a better job okay I promise
the hobo I'll give my sandwich if he
does the combo speed speed
screech screech screech spread extreme
rig wait wait what are you doing hobo Go
Go get so close or did it I just be Oh
bit always always it was always Oh what
what what what what the O's here what
how do i how do i how do i he is dead
okay alright rise again go hold on man
go on it
alright be em wha alright so um I know
lost episode I said I my dream is to get
a hundred combo okay now I need to find
like the perfect map to do it I'm not
sure that's it oh no no
okay I'm not trying jinx or anything but
this is pretty good okay this is a
pretty good run here I'm already losing
insult but I'm confident that I can do
it okay 35 I think my highest is 50 they
men highest is 50 that's a lie actually
I didn't want to jinx it
no it's my 45 god dammit controller okay
it smells pretty cool let's let's go
check out some other mats I'm going to
like his map I found it
stylish swag let's play fun park it
better be bloody fun okay here we are
fun park I don't get it what's so fun
about it it better be good okay got a
rail over here oh is this a long
australe look at this okay okay so to
copy my idea of having the longest rail
ever okay all right I like it I like it
it's easy it's easy all right
oh my goodness oh my goodness come on 24
yes no way I'm gonna do this oh my
goodness
what come on come on show how it's done
43 1 million guys I think I'm gonna be
honest I don't think the hundred combo
is the possible thing I'm sorry I happy
trial i betray my whole life okay okay
what's this oh this looks lovely
Oh all the letters are this is too much
to take in
okay let's first get his combo I think I
know where this co2 little trick Oh
bullshit all right get the old how do I
get oh I did it I did it I told you out
there okay guys now I've been playing at
my ass off with this game and I finally
unlocked all of the levels so we are
gonna play on my favorite we're gonna
play on Mountain haven't played on this
much but I think it is my favorite level
all right here we are in the mountain oh
where we going where we going look at
this beautiful map oh my goodness I love
this nuts oh Jesus Christ
look at this this map is amazing you
start off from right on the top look at
this oh is this where we were unlocked
the frozen level oh that's where it
comes from
okay and that is at the end oh it spawns
me back up there wait can I just keep on
going wait hang on a second
oh my goodness oh my goodness is there
any more to this map or there is more to
the right or go down here now this map
is massive
Oh to combo we should do the combo okay
boom what is C got the old would you be
good our letters got me out oh wait what
where's the C&L wait I didn't do it what
what this powerup is so cool or what's
this Ricky Oh what what this can we play
hockey or we cuz honorable oh oh no okay
Jesus Christ I just want to school okay
curves on the boat avoid him avoiding oh
no all right hit the putter go alright
look at it go oh oh oh oh oh oh he put
it over here the back Oh
which school is that was that when I say
school hello will be out ok ok ok anyway
I'm getting strategies where's the combo
app out okay see
Oh Diaby um and letters spelling into
the mannequin I got a combo okay let's
do snowball saboteur what's that
smash the snowmen scattered along the
slopes in the shortest time possible
okay
poor snowmen rusty the Snowman oh look
at the head every time yeah I mean oh so
Jesus cus I'm a murderer I'm a
stone-cold murderer
they make these challenges that you go
on a certain path okay so I just got to
nail the path okay
eight seconds when the aim was 30
seconds what I what I want it is and how
it is goddamn I'm so good at this game
okay let's do the death cookie combo
cookies get the highest combo score you
can while jumping or from the mega Rams
no manuals what no manuals okay it's
okay
I'm ready to win the first time okay
just watch okay
what
half a million
half a million never looks so fine why
am I so good at this game like I love
this guy so much when you light a sit
combo like how can you love this game
look at me go sky okay guys I'm gonna
end the video here my outro got cut out
that's why I'm doing it again I hope you
guys enjoyed I had so much fun playing
the game as always and I hope you guys
did too you know it's all it's all
having fun and in a day that's the most
important thing anyway guys I want they
got so much watching and I will see you
in the goddamn next video man see you
later guys love you ba ba
