ha hello everyone how is everyone
do we need a special selfie at the day
ladies gentlemen you read the title we
are back with Super Mario maker let's
suck all so the dilation when we are
doing the hundred Mario challenge no
longer ten plenty 100 do you know how
much bigger hundred is than 10 I'm
pretty sure it's more than five now
these levels ladies gentlemen are made
by the creators okay and we are doing
expert difficulty ok now I've heard that
these are goddamn hard ok and I feel
like I'm gonna get very upset so I have
a hundred lives we have to do 60 levels
um good luck to me I guess
ok level 1 it's by Metapod 23 so bloody
original piranha plant mayhem let's go
okay duh-duh-duh-duh
okay things seem pretty calm right now
I'm just gonna jump over the plot it
begins okay it's just stupid okay you
know what guys honestly I'm sick today
I'm just not in the mood to be raged
against this okay buddy go surprise
motherfucker
no I die I'm already getting mad I'm
already getting mad three live town and
I can't even beat a stupid big plot okay
shoot me boom boom glad I did it
okay okay what not one laughter what's
in here oh it's a coin what's in it
oh it's another coin what's in it oh
it's a bloody uh but uh duck piss off
turtle a trampoline okay a boy oh no
Deauville okay Oh Oh piss off turtle I'm
not in the mood okay what's this
oh-oh-oh-oh Go Go
shit how do I get over that uh-huh much
say okay get the bloody mushroom Oh
what's up to Mario hey guys I'm the new
Mario dog Jesus Christ Mario you were in
let yourself go
okay come on don't be shocked Oh piss
off your bloody gay that's what I'm
talking about baby
oh shit no plant go on Oh love-love as
well yeah you never won complete that is
the first time I can play an extra level
that's why I'm so happy to have half
damn ha ha oh bloody you know you know
what sucking on okay level one complete
and all I lost was six lives if we keep
this up six times by sixteen okay um I
don't even not know where we are
um I guess we go up the pipe no up this
pipe no down this pipe oh I'm right Papa
- Papa - Bobby - Bobby the bar bit above
the bar band and Eng oh shit this is not
good
ah we just jump let's do this properly
standard little littered what what what
what what what what what what am I
supposed s what I was supposed to go ah
ha
Chow's observers just gasps ah okay leap
of faith leap oh oh please be a bloody
mushroom oh shit oh I got it okay now
what okay just go over here oh shit this
is bad I dare go back it's a bad idea
but I'm gonna do it anyway
hey just forget it oh there's something
man oh hey broke-ass motherfucker okay
and now we're in the pipe room again
I guess down okay okay oh these levels
are just great okay what's remiss this
I was joking oh shit oh no oh I want
back I'm back am I on my back where I am
I'm back I'm back I'm back here what why
did I do that why don't I run it okay
let's not mess this one up this time
let's just jump easy
now let's jump again easy now
theoretically speaking we can do it a
third time it is faced with you and now
I don't have to count because I can just
do this in my sleep
boy bad but if a bit of a bit of half of
the band above the brother huh
okay let's go for the fifth time or some
shit I have not counting ha ha ha ha
baby did gig here Dave dope heirs of
death easy just piss off just just shit
in my mouth I bet some of you guys are
just watching black Brandon you're glad
this shit okay I could do this my bloody
dick he could do it okay well just just
how about you go get your titties
alright go get your titties and get
yourself a with you and play it yourself
alright oh my god okay okay last jump
last jump okay what's next
please just end the level okay more
bloody bubs okay it's okay it's okay
okay and I've done it twice I have to
add up I grew it again English shit what
the hell was that
um block okay shit can you not okay okay
okay
okay okay okay it's okay it's okay
oh shit B it's okay it's okay let's do
it again oh shit okay let's go down is
this gonna end please okay okay this
looks safe
okay now looky oh shit is not to do its
took not tanuki it's bloody Cape Mario
okay k stay calm stay calm I don't get
it I don't get it um what's behind the
left oh I'm scared to find out okay okay
okay it's okay
um leap of faith do you believe in me
guys do you believe it
okay then I'm done I'm done
you know what you guys you can skip
these levels okay I just lost like 20
laughs but it's okay I'm just going to
skip a level and still be on level two
the first one by Danny it's from Germany
okay um his level is called the first
one so I bet it's easy okay that makes
sense isn't it if your is your first
level you would make an easy one and
then make harder ones okay Danny oh and
there is a card that's not good
okay a let's stretch it again we're now
playing professor do caused by Yanis
from France oui oui
there's a kind of goat ghostbusters by
Lauren Ditka dirt digging dirt ticket
down ticket ekaadasha
alright is it gonna work this time
airship pile Elbert please oh it works
Oh the course is moving already okay
okay it's one of these ones okay so it's
one where you just die okay there's some
level which I just move home by
themselves okay if it already wasn't
hard enough okay you're gonna bloody
started already okay okay it's um it's
okay it's just bloody beaver shit just
shit what's up and come out baby loud
change that's okay okay okay oh no I
dropped my controller okay okay it's
okay
um what shit no no oh mushroom ease stop
yes
come on no no no yes come on come on go
pal now yes okay okay I live oh shit is
this this is bad okay stay calm Oh like
yes
I'm digging level three myself a dammit
okay well this is the farthest I've ever
been in expert in 100 Mario challenge
and I've also 333 last left I'm gonna do
it
not gonna do it okay oh shit Bowser's it
okay and what is this uh Bowser please
Bowser Bowser what okay this is fun this
is fun
alright so just each gonna put Bowser
here and he's just going to bloody shoot
a bloody shit
okay um well this year not gonna end
well what what what what do you want
from me huh hmm huh huh huh oh shit I
don't think I can climb up here look
he's stuck down there the bloody poop oh
okay okay good this is good little shit
oh shit did he die I think I killed
Bowser I think he fell wet no no I need
I need Bowser uh how do I do stuff
without him this is the air fouls out I
just lose now I just lose like this
bloody shitty ghost chasing me as well
what what black shit black screw you and
your shitty ass level piss off suck on
the deadly six and nine lives left
giggity all right well this is this
looks fun and okay I can deal with this
um I think
um what okay I don't think this is I
think this is not I don't think it's bad
I just I just I just jump on the
platforms but it's harder because I'm
moving so fast cuz i dad dad dad dad dad
dad dad dad dad dad dad about that okay
okay it's very hard to see who I am
because I'm all lighting up in cheek
okay
and I wouldn't what happens when it runs
out like now and to in my speeches cuts
enough so I don't know what your dumpers
is gonna hi was hahahaha is a Oh shitty
shit they are not that ere your bloody
what our ah what what shit okay now in
your store you stole someone from his
thoughts over from his stuff so first
I'm gonna die but star star star me saw
me look Locati no that was the wrong
thing you've rubbish
I don't know could be oh oh shit is not
good
what what what what you want from me
what you want from me what you want from
me you yellow bumblebee little glasses
nod yay
why can't they just all work with me
okay
I thought we're friends right okay so uh
why can't you want from me stars okay
shit be oh wait I'm on a cloud this is
cheating this is cheating
this is cheating this is cheating but I
love it I love it
go go go go No
Wow take his cloud yes all right go go
go go fly fly to sky fly to the sky no
one could touch me now blood no guitar
when our blood fire cuz I'm above you
bloody por su bloody geeks gays shit me
it is the cloud ended oh my goodness but
I'll add another one by ver en just yet
oh shit what do I do oh shit boom
Mario time it's the Japanese that know
what the Japanese are the people there
are bloody killing me all the time okay
it's Japanese the Japanese please
Babel oh jeez Japanese oh the more
errors again the errors have come back
yet again Babel oh geez here we go okay
trash it again a mushroom okay so what
we're supposed to do is what was it kill
the bloody title then go out and follow
it follow it follow it follow it follow
it follow it follow filete so we make
sure it kills all the bloody shitty
level up you try to kill me your turtle
come back a little gay I will remember
this okay come come become this Zelda
baby not gonna mess this one I'm on a
roll baby Lord oh my goodness oh my
goodness just run just run just run
Bowser Bowser yeah
okay okay okay let's do this again
Bowser you little piece of shit jump oh
my goodness oh my gosh oh my gosh laughs
baby
okay this lowers called jumper jumper
jump by Joey and the club error again
baby
okay ladies gentlemen I I can't get the
game to work it's probably good because
not in a good mood today and this game
is just I'm not gonna play these hard
levels anymore
I unless you guys enjoy me raging if it
was good to shout every once in a while
anyway guys leave a like if you enjoyed
next Mario maker will be up at 10,000
likes let me know if I should normal
levels or just rage levels
anyway I'm innovative here there you
guys how its watching see you in the
next video man
Cinelli guys love you bye back
