hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is thief yourself Here I am just
opposite thief today because we are back
with sneak thief baby now if you guys
haven't watched my first sneak thief
video you guys need to watch it it's a
game where you have to you know be a
thief okay and be sneaky okay it's in
the time of the game alright come on now
alright you know what it's about the
next level that we're gonna be doing
guys
is the bank this beep is this thing it's
going to bang okay guys we have spawned
into the Norman County Bank or how much
money do we need five hundred we're
gonna rock this bike and still half a
million on knowledge about a policeman
here hey hope you're not thinking about
doing any funny business I mean look at
me okay does it look like I'm about to
rob a bank
mm I guess not I mean black and wine
isn't really smart about you know
robbing a bank so I guess you're not
that's right I'm not a bloody bank
robbery a piece of shit all right this
must be the bank
how am I gonna rob a bank with no gun in
a usual bank robbery you at least come
with a gun but no I come empty-handed to
a bank robbery yeah all right uh hello
I'm just a normal customer haha oh thank
you Miss I'm here you know to you know
to do normal Bank things okay I'm just
gonna sit here and wait in line I'm just
gonna wait for my turn alright move
bitch okay I'm gonna go in front of you
you may help me putting all the money in
the bag right now
I'm gonna kidding guys I actually don't
have a gun
so I can't actually do this can I go
through this door oh okay great security
they have at this Bank a app you see
everything you're doing from in there
you can so if I go in oh no oh no oh
shit oh shit what do I do what I do take
the back door quick okay okay I've taken
all the money borrow money a hundred
thousand so great so if I stand up
they think I'm upstairs but if I crouch
they think I'm in here okay take the
money take the money take the money take
the money great okay we now know that we
can't go in there there is an upstairs
area I might have to go upstairs is this
more part of the bank oh oh
people came interviews over here wait I
can take his monitor what is right here
where is that gonna be illegal drink oh
hey wait come on oh no gun the hell this
guy has no eyes what the hell oh so
that's the reason why I can take his
monitor right in front of him cuz he
doesn't have eyes cuz he can't couldn't
see the crime doesn't explain why this
guy didn't do anything you know I'm sure
stop asking questions okay I'll just
take this lady's bank documents don't
forget about this guy's - oh man it just
came here for a mortgage what about this
room over here oh can I go in Bevo
sneaky what's in this bloody house right
easy easy
Oh what's this passwords passwords bank
documents monitors okay come on I need
the big money the big money all right
what's through this door Oh what the
hell's this Oh am i loud in here yes yo
man you seen any nice guy you can go on
in
are you sure uh oh okay well okay oh my
god look guys it's the bank vault safe
and this is where the password must be
entered in all right let's quickly check
what's upstairs all right no one's on
the roof all right no police officers on
the roof okay good
okay let's try password number one bond
okay oh and deal it oh no see
Oh a-and it
what be a sea-can know what all right
guys everyone pick a number from 1 to 13
all right one of these passwords can be
right all right everyone guess right now
all right I'm gonna guess from number 12
mega and eg hey oh oh oh cache and NCA
popped up all right so the first two
letters are ca so it could be cause look
how much bloody bold and money they have
we need to steal it guys we need to
goddamn steal it maybe if we go to the
side of the bank over the Godhead no
funny business now no no no funny
business I promise
easy easy oh that's a gun guys if I pick
up the gun
am I now a threat uh hello oh man I'm
supposed to know if you have a gun and
bring it to a bank you know people will
show you oh the guns missing this time
oh but the power switch is here all
right boom okay I have to say with the
lasers I can now steal everything all
right no alarms are gonna come come come
get me right $935,000 way I can open
this bank deposit box
go go go go go all right we've taken
everything oh my goodness we have a
million dollars or I run run hey you
didn't just open that bank vault and
steal everything did you uh no I'm just
gonna close this door okay and I didn't
do anything okay we'll have a good day
then bye-bye
okay well it looks like that I can just
leave actually before I leave I need to
take these cars no no
or the next mission that we're gonna be
doing is we're gonna be doing the
collect now this is not easy difficulty
anymore it's gonna be hard I mean it's
gonna be normal difficulty okay where
are we oh my goodness this is a bloody
mansion Oh
oh shit okay this mission is called the
collector are we stealing from someone
who's collecting shit how much money do
I need before I leave six hundred
thousand how is this guy keeping six
hundred thousand dollars worth of stuff
in his house look there's a guy there oh
he's bloody on patrol be very sneaky
we're gonna check what's on the other
side of the house okay there must be
something there's a security guard does
it seem like he's got a gun now so um
he's just chasing after me oh no he's
sending me with this button or I've got
a hammer do you think I should try and
hammer him to death get ready for the
best battle you've ever seen your entire
epic life I knocked him out cold
accomplished button okay well I came
here to rob the place and now I'm a
murderer okay but it's okay alright go
up the stairs alright any any anything
suspicious or I'd know it seems okay I
think the guy that I took out was the
guy that was patrolling back here okay
so I think I'm safe
look at this guy's bloody house though
it's a bloody mansion let's just keep
this back door just open oh hey you
killed my friend getting bad
oh no it's playing another guard here
but it seems like he's alone some after
killing like the old fashioned way and
oh no there's two guys now okay now
we're gonna have an epic battle fight
how nice god dammit why didn't they give
us guns okay this clearly isn't working
oh I got one oh no oh I took them out
boy that's why you don't wanna mess with
god damn thief yourself or a security
team is down all right now we need to
check out this place or I take this
silver vase Oh $5,000 $5,000 for a vase
that you're just keeping here okay and
this gold vase ten thousand dollars
stealing from okay if they have enough
money where they're just keeping golden
vases worth tens of
thousands of dollars okay you know I
should problem I'm home my goodness this
guy is a collector look he has artifacts
I have 45,000 now and this was worth a
hundred thousand what's this a weapon oh
I have a bloody sword okay guys we're
getting closer we're getting closer look
at all these artifacts he has in his
house look at all these books I bet one
of these are like a secret passage oh
yeah look at this one look at this one
what's this artifact oh my god is this
with money too is that what that what
the switch did it open up this my watch
through this door what's your this door
alright guys means the same with these
alarms I bet these bloody artifacts are
worth millions go upstairs be very
careful there might be people here take
his TV put it in my pants careful empty
room okay alright you have so much money
and you just got this room empty okay
stop spending money on expensive vases
and actually you know refurbish your
house this rooms locked
why is it locked what's the keeping in
this room so what I want to know how do
I disable these lasers okay there must
be a power switch somewhere right where
hang second I just realize if all the
gods are dead can't I just do that you
know just go through the things or
they're gonna kill me oh it's fine oh
it's fine still the artifact its 5:39
he's a goddamn collector take everything
I'll just a thousand four three two I
love this game so much man is so much
fun okay so we've done the farm we've
done home invasion we've done bank we've
done the collector I think we can afford
to do one more the yacht okay we are
currently going to steal from a bloody
yacht alright and the people who only
yachts are very very rich right be very
very careful okay is any guards here any
God he'll jump in the water I instantly
drown okay I can't even I can't even
hold my breath for one second I just
died how did you see me is it cuz the
flashlight maybe
show me I've got another guy there Oh
this missions too hard man dumb piece of
shit do you think I could take his gun
from his hands Oh what's happening okay
I think I broke in I died all right so
there's a guy right here okay now how
the hell must was to kill him is there
anything over here what the hell's this
Oh a pistol oh my god I now have a gun
and why suppose just kill everyone I
kind of wanted to be a sneak-thief all
right but but they really want me to use
guns in this game all right guys I'm
going for it I'm gonna do some okay like
I was trying to say watch this
three two one okay one down take it's
gone where they're coming from where
they're coming from your mum's our home
go go go go upstairs go upstairs all
right way to loot the place all right
take the gold watch all right take
everything take everything go go go go
go paintings take the TV's all right
take the paintings come on me and
everything take all the wine take all
the bloody wine come on ready to get
drunk tonight boys weapon shotgun oh my
goodness where they started coming from
okay all right all right they know where
I'm here they know I'm here they know
I'm here they know I'm here Oh God okay
there's so much blood in the walls okay
we'd to get out of it take the TV and
run right through the store through the
store quick quick quick quick these are
the controls for the boat open the
bloody thing all no look what we did
here if I killed everyone guys I think I
have okay let's quickly oh okay well
happen here all right we only have
$47,000 I I feel like I've looked at
every every place on this boat I don't
know where the rest of the money is
because we need to steal like 600,000
wait have I checked here oh I haven't
look guys oh they have a safe they have
a safe
oh come on now I'm gonna do the whole
thing again no it's fine I wash this
hammock still three two one go go go go
go all right jump over the tripwire all
right we did it
oh okay there's not a tripwire wait the
safe needs a key cold what the hell's
the key code oh look guys I found the
key called eight six four seven why do
they leave the key code to the safe just
just in this bar okay yeah it's just
awesome questions Brandon come on now
just play the game eight six four seven
did the door just really just push me
into that mine he's the code eight six
four seven again yeah look at those
counter strike Steel's boy pinpoint
accuracy boy I'd be very careful don't
let the door kill you now six for seven
oh oh my god I remembered it okay guys
all right I quickly take the gold bars
take the gold bars oh my goodness
they're worth so much money
wait how much money do I need again oh
okay guys I think I'm gonna end the
video there that was me playing sneak
thief okay now the game gets very hard
after that okay because these were just
all the you know easy and normal levels
okay but then they get very very hard
okay and bit more complex okay so if
this video reaches twenty thousand likes
oh no I will do this as a series and
finish off those other levels all right
either way though thank you guys so much
for watching I hope you're enjoying it
cuz I definitely am and yeah I'll see
you in the next video man slowly guys
but why
