oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is mesh yourself there and you read
the goddamn title we are back finally
yet again with the fall out
so anyway sorry that has taken me so
long to make another fallout 3 video I
completely forgot that I'm meant to be
doing like a miniseries I'm gonna run up
to fallout 4 so what we're gonna do in
today's video ladies gentlemen is I have
finally found my dad if you didn't know
I'm looking for my father and he is
apparently involved
1 1 2 now just in case you didn't know
much Google Play shit is that so anyway
just in case you guys don't know much
about fallout lore I will fill you in
basically the government created these
for Chuck that basically the government
created these vaults to keep a small
percentage of the population safe ok but
instead of doing that the government put
aside some of the vaults and decided to
conduct experiments on these vaults now
vote 1 1 2 has an experiment going on
and out now here it is vote 1 1 2 Oh
daddy daddy where are you
no apparently in there right daddy don't
scare me like this don't scare me daddy
hey welcome to vault 112 resident
according to sensors you have arrived
two hundred and two point three years
behind schedule
whoops okay so the experiment that's
happening in fort one one two is that
the government put the people in this
vault into these chambers okay now if I
had to describe this it's sort of like a
virtual world these guys have been
living in a virtual world who who is my
daddy okay so my daddy is trapped in
this virtual world and your boy mess
yourself has to break him out
okay ladies gentlemen I am going in last
do this
I'm a little girl why am I in a port
beautiful day isn't it you should go
talk to Betty she's waiting for you over
on the playground
have fun sport I will dude thank you
very much oh my goodness okay we need to
remember this world is not real okay
these guys are delusional and they think
this Israel but listen to me to what you
did you fucking shit it's not real like
that bill you fuck anyway okay let's go
talk to Betty Oh
Betty is wearing the same outfit is me
Oh someone new to play with what good
luck I have lately I was just trying to
get bored oh we're going to have so much
fun I bet we are
who the bloody hell are you you ugly
hole I'm Betty I live here on
tranquility Lane
Oh wanna play a game do I want to play a
game um no you don't get to say no if I
want to play a game you're going to play
and I want to
okay let I'm kind of scared Betty let's
just let us agree okay I knew you were
okay it's a really simple game okay all
you have to do is make Timmy Nussbaum
cry why would I do that
oh that's crazy no Timmy's the one who's
crazy you'll see what pony can cry and
then come tell me maybe we can talk some
more
this girl is bloody weird okay she wants
me to make Timmy cry Jesus Christ
oh hello doggy I'm guessing this guy is
Timmy he wants to send me lemonade five
cents you've gotta be shitting on my
face hi Timmy hi there I'm Timmy play No
hey I heard your parents are getting a
divorce because of you should I say that
let her say that what did I do something
bad they know what you did
Oh Timmy you bloody bloody shit stop
crying your bloody position yeah run run
Timmy I made him cry Betty yay I knew
you could do it I did perhaps not the
most inventive approach but persuasion
can be quite powerful well done and for
winning the game you get a prize you get
to ask one question and receive an
honest answer
why did her voice change wait she's not
Betty she's in disguise by one of the
people know what is real and what isn't
will okay we can only ask one question
I'm gonna ask him where's my father
because that's why I'm here right your
father yes he's a scientist he's looking
for dr. Braun oh my what a splendid turn
of events I had no idea the two of you
were related oh she knows what my god
yes I have indeed seen him
I'm afraid he's rather unavailable at
the moment what did you do I want to see
him now we haven't yet to plumb the
depths of your ability to amuse me I
think you do a few more things for me
first what do you want me to do here a
visit to the rock there's there very
happily married and I'd like you to
change that who put an end to their
marriage and we'll talk what the hell
fine it's only because I want more
answers from you rationalize it it'll
shut off your bloody face you can't do
that here and now you have to pay
oh my god
oh shit okay so what we have to do now
is we have to break up a marriage
between two people
the bloody Albin gonna do that you you
don't belong here you're not supposed to
be here
it's not real none of it it needs to end
the suffering must end
we're not really here we're not really
talking it's all made up make believe
we're sleeping dreaming
he calls himself Betty now but he's
still the same bran bastard thinks
because he helped create this place he's
God here but I know he still uses the
failsafe terminal I know it okay what
failsafe it's in the abandoned house he
doesn't want us going in there because
he's afraid we might find it whoa the
only terminal to the outside okay so
basically there is a fail-safe in one of
these houses okay now I know there is
two endings to this level you could
either one do everything Betty says or
two you can shut down the virtual world
by activating the failsafe okay now I
haven't done the the second one so I
think what we're gonna do first we're
gonna do what everything Betty says so
let's break up this person's marriage
okay Rockwell residents here we go here
they are
okay how do we break up their marriage
hey Jeremy hello sweetie how are you I'm
good I hate to break it to you but I saw
your husband kissing another woman
it's that Martha Simpson isn't it yeah
the bloody ho knew it yeah that's it
I've had enough of Rogers lies and
bullshit yeah glad he'd do something
to force him right now go on woman oh
wait what'd she go hello oh that shit
she's on the move well she won't know -
oh shit I gotta go
okay I broke up that marriage now what
do you want so you have achieved your
goal you have a muse mrs. Farr but I
still don't think you're quite in a
position to be demanding anything you
bloody piece of shit
I do enjoy having someone new to play
this well I'm speaking of playing let's
try a new game oh shit now what does
they want me to do I'd like you to kill
me
okay we need to kill Mabel Oh No okay
here she is
bloody maple Henderson we need to kill
her but we do it in a creative way don't
say hello to me you bloody whores now we
can't just beat her to death we need to
find a creative way okay I've got an
idea
I couldn't disable her robot security
systems so that she will see this girl
as an enemy and start bloody killing her
way activate roll escape this roller
skate is awfully close to the stairs a
simple push could put it in the very
dangerous position okay
you give the skate a hearty push okay
okay I know anymore a roller skate on
the stairs oh my that is simply inspired
thank you our most resourceful and you
suddenly do get results you have
exceeded my expectations in the dog
house out behind the abandon hall at a
mask at knife dawn the mask and become
the pint-sized slasher the pride is to
eliminate all the residents of
Tranquility Lane who the House of Lies
Lasha
he is a figure of myth born of old
campfire stories you there make him a
reality oh we know he was this become a
serial killer and they have already been
eliminated by boy you want me to kill
all these people why are you doing all
of this because I can of course oh
bloody shit I have total power here I
may do whatever I wish okay and overseas
many years I have found it
to see others oh my goodness okay oh
shit there's no running you little shit
scream all you want
bloody how everyone is dead okay Betty I
killed everyone most enjoyable most
enjoyable indeed ahem felt this
exhilarated in years okay I did what you
wanted now can I please go yes yes I
suppose your friends are right I shall
miss your company okay yeah blah blah
blah okay can we go now wait where's my
dad I don't know where my dad is but we
can leave yay yay where's my dad is my
dad's gonna get out now too
you've saved me
that is afraid I'd be trapped in there
forever so good to see you but what are
you doing here I came to rescue you
well I'm glad you did I certainly wasn't
how I expected things to turn out oh I
was no ready for bran or I might have
fared better so we saved my dad yay
now before I before I in the video I
just wanna I just want to see the other
way of ending that level where you
activate the failsafe oh okay we are
back at tranquility Lane now there is an
abandoned house over here okay oh shit
it's so creepy okay now we need to
activate the failsafe okay so what we
need to do is we need to activate a
bunch of these objects in a certain
order and the order is radio picture the
gnome the picture again the cinder block
the gnome again and lost but not least
the bottle it's time to activate it and
save everyone access Chinese invasion
program okay okay let's initiate the
Chinese invasion failsafe okay program
running proceed with caution
that's it we've done it I've gained
comma wait what's gonna happen oh I was
to join the face I will do it
I will shoot you out okay let's stop
being racist first that good oh my
goodness
is this good karma the Chinese have come
to kill everyone in a while
Chinese commando totally ting ting oh ah
no survivors
oh shit all right did they kill everyone
okay you realize what you've done you've
triggered the failsafe ruin everything
the subjects will die and I'll be stuck
here in this hell I'll oh good
everything I'm calling the shots now you
little ugly help you know I I am the
creator of this world you're so lost so
all alone oh shut up
I came here for my father now where is
he's been right here the whole time and
you were too dense to figure it out it's
a dog
oh so much that's the dog man's best
friend
but now you've taken all my friends from
me oh sorry buddy shut up you bloody
ugly old daddy well I saved you
well good doggy
okay okay and I guess that's both
endings to the tranquility Lane thing
this is definitely one of my favorite
levels in Fallout 3
so what yeah I'm gonna end the video
here I hope you guys like fallout 3
still like I am so excited fallout 4 and
yeah I love this series and I promise I
will do it a lot more often from now on
but if we can reach 10,000 likes I will
upload it I'll start working on it and
straight away the next fallout 3 video
but I yeah oh man the video you guys
watching you in the guard man next video
mine see you later guys love you
baba Heine
