yo yo yo come how's everyone doing
smash selfie you're probably wondering
why I'm whispering well ladies gentlemen
it is 5:00 a.m. okay and I am late for
my flight to Germany Gamescom and you
guys are coming goddamn with me before I
start the vlog now it is when I thank
Activision for sending me out to check
out black ops and all other Activision
cool games but enough of that you'll see
that later let's go baby
all right yeah I'm in Germany now yeah
thank you for getting the vlog but yeah
I'm in my hotel room now for two nights
as you can see that painting on the side
very fancy TV over here it is very fancy
so um yeah I'm actually arriving like
not actually at the event yet like the
event starts I think tomorrow so I don't
even know what I'm gonna do for the rest
of the day to be honest but anyway look
at this view lace gentleman is a river
it's very ugly but I like it okay so I
figured out what we're doing is
currently six o'clock and although
Gamescom doesn't open until tomorrow
there is a secret call of duty black ops
3 recording session and get that's right
that's right
your boy unless your cell was divided
say goodbye guys they're gonna fuck you
goodbye guys listen you guys are gonna
have you guys getting too mouthy right
goodbye guys
so what happened to me joining robust so
right Gamescom today's the press events
there's not that many much people here
but tomorrow's gonna be answered even
more crazier
so no why have you got there
your cards chiming there is German
described so right now I'm in the
exhibition like rest area like they've
got all the activity gates have got like
black ops definitely it's our hero it's
Skylanders - so basically Activision is
gonna allow me to record like all these
games but not all of them but like most
of them so yeah that's pretty fun it's
pretty cool coming in with Activision it
set me up and all this stuff so yeah I'm
gonna go pay me some video games
Peabody
black ops 3 black ops 3 playing black
ops 3 yeah Mike can I have look your
phone for a sec oh no break oh shit can
I see you again
so Gamescom day 1 is pretty much over
shut up Thunder look it's completely
empty look at these halls I'll show you
a shot tomorrow it's going to be
absolutely packed
so right now there's an Xbox bowtie
going on they look at this bow so they
have an apply on a bow for some reason
so I think I'm invited to it but yeah
that's it we're getting it buzz
all right
I can battle me that's a spin
oh okay well that was a good night
Xbox play it was pretty good went for
some drinks after but it's now forward
clock and it's time for little o me to
go to bed
games combs gon be busy tomorrow - it'd
be fun let's go
oh what a beautiful day it is today I
can't wait to go to Gamescom
okay so right now two viewers said to me
on Twitter that they want to meet up
with me so I told them only up with and
just over here so let's see if we can
find them okay so I met the two fans
what's your name
Alena and Sarah these are the two
biggest fans okay you guys need you guys
need to do more of this all right they
came out here they came they waited here
for humming how long two hours oh no
they were hip of two hours wave with me
thank you guys so much
so ladies gentlemen that's the end of
the blog sorry I forgot to vlog like the
last couple of days I was just feeling
so exhausted but yeah hope you guys
enjoyed if you did then leave a goddamn
like if I wished if we reach 10,000
likes then I will vlog my trip to PAX
Prime at the end of the month but before
the bit before I end the video here I
just want to thank Activision yet again
for sending me out I had so much fun
like the event was just absolutely
amazing it was one of the best trips
I've ever had and Activision made that
possible this allowed me to play all the
really cool games coming out and just
yeah they're just awesome so yeah I'm
gonna end the video here guys thank you
guys so much for watching let me know in
the comments if you want to see more
vlogs in the future and now we'll see
you in the goddamn next video my see you
later guys love you ba
