Oh everyone how is everyone doing it is
mr. selfie and you read the goddamn
child Enya you you ready you ready you
know what we're playing today we're
playing the themes oh yeah yes we are
finally back in a wonderful world of The
Sims 4 why haven't I played this in such
a long time I don't bloody know but we
are back we're gonna do a whole bunch of
shit today because I've missed out on so
much content but first I'm gonna
introduce you to everyone again cuz we
haven't seen them in such a long gap
Brandon the sexy
is sim look at him he's so bloody sexy
look at him getting muscles it's so
smart he's like the perfect little shit
taster and now Brandon is married to
bloody slut hey slut what are you doing
sleeping wake up they say ah slut just
woke up so little slut being a slut as
always the next time oh we've got our
first child
bloody donut look at that she's all
grown up she's still a teenager we
should probably eat her up and then
we've got what are you laughing at in
the computer Facebook what did I say
about social media go to your room oh
and now we've got the amazing nugget I
can't remember which one came first who
came first not a nugget or donut anyway
Nuggets sleeping wait is he sleeping
with slot get out it right now still
don't trust you
donut nugget what's his name I don't
know my kids names and then of course
we've got baby slut he's not a baby
anymore so I should have changed his
name a long time ago but I'm not gonna
change it he is now an old man and this
old man needs to bloody please wait what
are you doing don't do a poo while I'm
watching god damnit baby slut and then
we've got a Uranus god damnit world why
is everyone sleeping in this shitty tent
there we go
there's Uranus and that last episode we
clone slut and now we have Kenny slut
yeah so what we're gonna do today is
that yesterday a new DLC came out for
the sims and it's called the swatch so
I'm going to take the whole goddamn
family well just two adults I'm gonna
take them all to the goddamn spa and we
are going to relax we are going to the
spa oh yeah oh yeah I can't wait or go
to the spa but before we do that I just
want to change what Brandon and slut
looks like cuz they've been looking the
same for ages now so let's put them in
some new goddamn outfits okay so this is
currently Brandon he is a jeep he is a
goddamn G he just dropped his first
mixtape man and he hits the charts man
but he's no longer going to be a bloody
gangster okay and then here is the
beautiful slut I'm a do NT little
housewife she's no longer history slut
no no no she's a good housewife so yeah
I'm gonna go change the outfits I'll see
you in a second
pretty baby
all right
now look at the new improved slut and
look at her she's otras for some alleged
animus all bloody colorful so um yeah
that's that's me decorating the sim so
yeah we're gonna go to the spa now but
just before we do that they added a new
sort of pack shit they've added hot tubs
ladies and gentlemen and you know was
special with this hard top that's right
you can do don't whoa whoo okay so what
I have done is I have put a hot tub
right here so come on slut come on
Brandon get in the goddamn hot tub look
at them they're both so happy they're
like yeah we're gonna get it on the hot
tub come on guys get in the hot tub yeah
that's right look at them hey wait wait
go hey look we have a go - whoohoo yet
when I look up Randy's looking so hot
with his got down muscles where did you
get muscles Brandon what now Brian is
left what is happening oh I saw it go
over to Brandon Oh what are you doing oh
I thought they were going Freddy them to
massage your brother's life Stan Oh
tickle each other how adorable oh my
goodness
god damn it this is so sad oh my
goodness look at him that really going
high Jesus Christ with warming her up
oh man I miss this game so much
now that we've had will ruin a hot tub
let's all go to the goddamn spa so here
we are lace gentlemen we are at the spa
now doesn't this look really cool now I
haven't tried this out yet but come on
let's all go into the spa oh I'm so
excited look at everyone let's go to
this spa let's go to the spa like a pan
is so happy oh look okay so we got this
entrance here with the goddamn fountain
oh look oh so we go through the doors
and over here we've got a desk full of
supplements okay and we got some more
fountains over here or shit was through
this room in this room is Oh what is
this bloody Taiji meditate oh let's get
everyone to meditate God children
please sit on the poster it is time to
meditate breathe in
breathes about skill of all our skill up
up over the backpack but skill about
Papa doe skill about Papa Doble de
Barbado without reason that's right Oh
everybody meditate don't open your eyes
slut you doing good how are you Brandon
yes good - what about you donut yes very
good and you baby slut oh look a baby
sluts face oh no he's going so old
he's gonna die any day soon I should
probably not talk about that here um
okay well this is probably the best fun
I've ever had in Sims ever but as much
as I'm having the loads of fun let's see
what else we can do oh shit look at this
bloody gay I don't mean that he's not
gay anyway what is he doing oh shit he
made us bloody sparkling drinks man oh
shit look at Kelly Kelly's on a
goddamned towel they're all in goddamn
towels they've got like a new outfit for
the spa look at him Oh loving their
drinks look it up let's go upstairs
so if we go upstairs we've got oh so
much whoa look it over here we've got a
bloody yoga session oh cool oh that is
oh that is oh okay so what else we've
got we've got a bloody hot tub what's so
special about the bloody hot tub we
could take bath with soaks we could take
a mud bath ha ha
we're gonna do that okay let's see what
else we've got oh we've got this is a
bloody sauna is this a bloody sauna it
bloody well is over here we've got some
workout equipment look at this this is
bloody hi-tech oh we've got like
massaging bloody things then we've got
girls working this woman reading a book
oh your bloody job you're fired over
here we've got some more massage places
what can we do here we can get a foot
massage or a hand massage okay first
thing we're gonna do
Brandon and slut
take a goddamn mud bath oh he slut comes
is she gonna go naked
oh no she's not oh shit she's got the
bloody kookaburra on her face ah so this
is a mud bath day and two people really
like this I wouldn't do a mud bath oh
look at her she's loving the mud oh and
here comes Brandon to join her in the
goddamn mud bath even he's got the
bloody cucumber in his face this is so
adorable are so bloody relaxing there's
nothing like a good ol mud bath filled
with poo and shit nothing like that -
relax smell the pose oh look at that poo
Oh such a lovely texture for poo oh look
at callie callie's in the bloody sauna
shit
oh look oh nice and steamy look at her
she is loving it Jesus Christ oh oh look
at you Kelly go get in that sauna about
faith wait a second an energy centering
yoga class is beginning in 30 minutes
please find and notified a yoga
instructor if you wish to participate
yes please let's get the whole family to
do bloody yoga okay this must be the
yoga instructor look at her she's bloody
off your joke isn't working for you you
bloody old fart or die anyway let's stop
being mean to the woman join a centric
lost what I do like paint Somalians you
bloody trying to rob me if I want to get
the whole family to do the bloody yoga
it's gonna bloody be a fortune okay it
is time for the yoga lessons please
repeat what the yoga instruction does oh
my goodness
what are you doing in the bloody foot oh
shit look at this guy it's like all
bloody shit I don't know what to do okay
now please raise your arms and show us
that is like that a smile
Oh for the next pose please spread your
legs and tilt left boots that's it come
on Brandon you can do it oh shit look at
Kelly no slacking your bloody fence be
all now for the next move I want you to
put out that eyes on me I gotta look at
that kiss I want to kiss on there
everyone wanna kiss on the ass oh my
good oh my oh my goodness look at that
bloody relaxing shit up that woman fell
look at slut she's tried yeah slut I
like a flexible woman if you know what I
mean Oh suck on their duty oh okay we're
done yeah that was yoga good session I
think it was okay now what other stuff
can we do we've already done the sauna
haven't we wait hang on a second Brandon
can sabotage with sulfur what sulfur is
like a stink bomb I think it smells like
bloody poo you know you do not want to
smell sulfur but yeah Brandon put the
bloody poo in the bloody sauna oh shit
look up Brian
okay let's prank baby slut I'm gonna
tell baby start to relax in the sauna
when it bloody smells our pool he's not
gonna see it coming oh well at least I
can relax in a sauna smell smell smell
poo rotten eggs whoa
so fun rotten eggs shisha that's quite a
steamy stench
is that it come on that bloody wanted up
troll people with the pool anyway let's
move on Brandon would go get a massage
oh okay so we can get a deep-tissue
massage a sports massage a stone massage
or a Swedish massage wait what's a
maraca theory can I please have a Yong
Yong oh my oh sorry massage with the air
mate
please oh shit okay let's stop being
racist for once and let's get a massage
Brannon get your ass out here boy get
the ling-ling massage
you wanna ling-ling half price to power
fifty ling-ling can I have the ling-ling
please - for what - for one Ling Ling
massage oh yes
it's so nice there Ling Ling oh look a
Brandon getting the Ling Ling massage oh
shit look it up putting a lotion do you
like that Ling Ling massage it is so
nice it is so nice on your back can you
feel it Brandon okay Walt Brandon's
getting a ling-ling massage let's go
over here so let's talk to this guy and
let's get a bloody foot massage going
slot take out your feet oh oh oh I love
I love wrapping your feet shocked oh I
love their feet oh it's so nice oh I
like what you're doing with my feet man
oh it's so nice oh oh oh
she really does like him look it up and
they bloody loves rubbing their feet
look at her he's a bloody Parvati is
look at that guy Oh
oh shit another foot now I love me a bit
she's grown in it shit I think I've been
playing enough this has been other spa
day it's pretty cool but anyway guys I'm
gonna video here I'm gonna bring back
Sims 4 if you guys weren't there the
reason why I brought it back it's
because I'm seeing a lot of comments of
you guys wanting me to bring back the
sims 4 so I thought I would try it out
foot today and I will bring it back
weekly if we can hit 10,000 likes on
this episode okay but anyway guys oh if
they got so much watching and I'll see
you in an hour guard night next video
mad silly the guys love you bah bah
