show me the booty you made a booty I
want the booty back up the booty I need
the booty I like the booty over water
booty shaking that booty I saw what a
booty I want the booty lord what a booty
bring on the booty give up the booty
loving the booty booty booty booty booty
everyone how is everyone - whinnies
don't mess yourself it and today nation
we are back with the goddamn GTA 5 we
are back modding the goddamn game the
best modding series in the whole of
YouTube but that isn't really hard
Elaine gentlemen
but yeah so we're back mod in the game
I've got a whole bunch of crazy shit
mods it's gonna be a crazy episode but
before we go morning we are gonna do the
biggest jump
Baga okay it is time for the very first
mod have you guys ever wanted to write a
pedestrian
still no shit to the vet centers and
another them didn't intend to do that
that didn't that didn't deliver ten did
it dan dan dan dan dan
back away man there's a new cowboy in
town and his name is Trevor fritters hmm
now is that goddamn right
of course it's not that right now don't
make me goddamn prove it
little Oh Trevor scared of a Mexican
standoff trigger Philip they scatter
nothing oh man all right there boy
on the count of three which roll all
weapons that's all I need old man the
sole i goddamn need you see this vintage
nine-millimeter it's going right between
your forehead listen boy you don't have
to do this you know we are goddamn doing
it now start goddamn counting well you
asked for word three two
one
wait I have no goddamn hands
nobody messes with Trevor Phillips so
yes please gentlemen that is a Wow Wow
West mud okay I don't know why there is
but there is so if I go up to this guy
and if I press okay okay it will start
the goddamn showdown Trevor
versus this goddamn hillbilly what just
call me a bloody shit Oh shove it now
you're facing the wrong way okay so it
doesn't work sometimes Trevor okay well
I press H to draw my weapon wait for it
dude get out the way now who shot that
guy doing it
hey man don't shoot me oh shit
okay um well I just okay well sometimes
doesn't work and I just shot a dog hey
you killed my girlfriend how could you
do that Mac I'm sorry that's what I get
I guess
okay ladies gentlemen it is now time for
the next one and I'm not even sure I
should call it a lot quite frankly it's
more like a scary plague okay now there
is a shark hidden underneath the depths
of goddamn Los Santos okay and it likes
to come out
when someone shoots a bullet and I don't
know when it's gonna come out it could
come out any second
okay so this is has to be one of the
best mods that's come out to date okay
now it's called the shark o matic gun
and it's inspired by you know the saints
row gun it's a 4 a 4 gun where there was
a shotgun so basically when you shoot
someone with this gun a shock will pop
out from the goddamn pay from the
goddamn roads and bloody eat the bloody
shit okay look at this oh shit oh shit
look leaves like that goddamn concrete
on the floor fuck words I can get eaten
by the mod okay shoot this guy and I
fall but I think I can die all right now
oh okay I figure I can but look out all
this more this Lane gentleman oh this is
really cool it gets boring after like
two minutes but you know it's the
thought that counts
okay now the last weapons mod I have to
show you is it a goddamn melee weapons
now some guy made a mod where he changed
the skins of all the melee weapons okay
now instead of a knife you've got this
knife but look guys it's different is it
I don't know actually
but anyway the nightstick now becomes a
god to have saxophone that's pretty cool
I like that that's a good one let's see
what else we got instead of a hammer we
have oh now this is this is cool it's
one of those mortal combat hammers I
can't remember the guys name okay but
how cool is that guys I will never use
the same hammer again why would I want
to use a regular shitty hammer when I
can use bloody mortal blow mysamma
I will bloody thank you shit one thing
I've noticed it looks so small when I
look at it in third person but in first
person looks bloody massive anyway next
one instead of the baseball bat we have
got oh a goddamn guitar and I like this
one there's already a guitar model in
the game and this guitar looks really
shit is it see through its goddamn
see-through okay
alright answer the crowbar we have oh
this is the boost this is my this is the
business of it this is my favorite one
look how look how awesome eyes it turns
it into a goddamn mace I feel like a
medieval warrior oh I actually damage
the thing oh that's cool why do I find
that funny alright let's see what else
we got instead of the golf club we have
a god damn road sigh I like that that
spreads pretty cool antique chivalry
dagger I think that changes oh actually
does it turns it into a another knife I
actually prefer the other dagger anyway
moving on at the hatchet well my
goodness it turns into a bloody scimitar
from a famous reference I don't get the
reference anyway and the knuckle duster
which doesn't have anything because
that's new and yeah that's the weapon
mods what are you still looking at me
for move on to the next mod
ah what a beautiful day it is today
what a beautiful day for fishing am i
right Trevor god damn it's such a
beautiful day I caught a pigeon
wait is that pigeon alive ah such a
beautiful day for fishing I wish I wish
I can catch so I I caught an explosive
cow what I was gonna say this mud is
really shit and pointless but am I
really a catchy board√≠s funny shit ow
I caught a tape player thanks can you
not hit me next time please I call a
wheelchair oh shit
like hey call a coffee okay I think I'm
done fishing
that's the fishing mode I've got all
this stuff and have a backpack for some
reason best mod ever ten out of ten and
now ladies gentlemen it is finally time
for our very last mod I know I know guys
I'll say ok it's ok buddy shut up ok
anyway we're checking out is the funny
vehicles mod basically there's nine
funny vehicles all assigned to the nub
keys and I haven't actually tried this
out so let's try it what happens when we
press one week we can ride in a
wheelchair what the hell oh no the
wheels don't move oh shit sorry ow
do you mind you little shit call me an
idiot now ow ow
Oh rekt that's what you get you bloody
KD anyway where was I oh yeah that got
it that bloody guy ruin the moment okay
now number two - I'm on the bloody poppy
I'm doing a poopy while riding a car I'm
in the poopy mobile the poop Iike that
paddy buh buh-buh-buh I'm on the toilet
okay and not sort of sitting on the
bloody poopoo um well that was him he
press three what what I'm on the sofa
and this is pretty cool anyway well that
was fun
what number one again that was three
right okay let's do number four no sir
ow ow okay anyway for low quality car
you know what the sad thing is probably
most of you are too young to get that
reference man why am I so old
anyway let's think about my life
and later what number one now fight
we're in a wheelbarrow right way round
what's the point what's the point
oh right the way you bloody hole we're
number on our six I like this one this
is probably my favorite
oh shit sorry okay that was six right so
seven is a bumper car on the bumper car
well that's just bloody shit alright
well that was seven was not seven
oh no there's another guy oh shit I
forgot one number I'm on now okay anyway
so that was seven right I think was that
seven oh yes that was that was seven a
crashed helicopter it's just a
helicopter oh it is as well
probably should have spawn in a bad
position
all right now for the moment of truth
let's see what number nine is a roller
car isn't that exactly the same as a
bumper car oh no it's the one from the
roller coaster I guess it's pretty cool
anyway ladies gentlemen on that note I'm
gonna end a video here I think I was
watching this has been GTA 5 miles yet
again I took the best I could for some
reason I had a lot of problems getting
all these mods to work together it's
pretty hard to set up these mods anyway
I'm back with GTA I'm gonna start
posting it weekly again so when we reach
20,000 likes I'll upload another GTA
video come on guys you guys want me to
spend a lot of time making this video
well I lost but 20,000 likes anyway I'm
gonna go think about my life I'll see
you guys in the next video man there
later guys love you Baba
