hey guys is miss yourself it now before
we get in today's video I want to tell
you about a really cool app called quick
match now quick match is basically an
app which you can use to play games with
other people and you can actually talk
to people while you're doing that and I
thought this is a pretty cool app
because you guys can add me alright so
go and download the app and add me right
there and you can call me on that app we
can play games together it's a cool way
of us interacting you know having fun
chillin out playing games I think it's a
pretty cool app okay it's pretty cool if
you have some friends and I don't have
any so you guys need to add me you know
so I can play games but yeah go download
the app it's down the description or
check out in the App Store
iOS Android and yeah enjoy the video oh
hello everyone how is the road doing it
is mess yourself eh today we are back
with what would you bloody dude so I
have made full videos on what would you
do okay and you guys actually love this
series alright so I'm bringing it back
so the video that we're gonna be
watching today is young girl damages
paintings for sale with markers alright
now this seems goddamn hilarious alright
some dumb stupid gold drawing on
expensive paintings okay let's watch it
break it you buy it
haha a parent's worst nightmare wait did
not know point just break that sculpt
shouts all caught on camera
no fragile sculpture at a wedding heroes
and a predictable outcome watch as it
comes okay so does the mood of his
parents oh they get the bill you break
it you buy it also applies if what you
brought cost 132 grand wait is that real
some kid broke sculpt shop and his
parents had to pay a hundred and thirty
two thousand I pay for that shit okay my
child I don't know I'm sorry sorry I
don't know this kid or I ain't my kid
okay break it you buy it also applies if
what you brought cost 132 grand this is
the parents are being told you heard
right one
hundred and thirty two thousand dollars
okay yeah and I am pay for that shit
okay if my dumbass kids did that okay I
I'm giving him up for slavery okay honey
I would say I would give up my own child
to slavery just to pay for that I would
be a good dad though let's be honest so
today we take another look at our vows
character a sweet little girl who loves
to draw but she ain't got no thumbs I'm
kidding all right my mom does up thumbs
I don't know why even said that and
she's taking her talent to the redeye
cafe okay where they display and sell
artists just working on her own you know
oh my god what will people do when this
petite Picasso messes with a masterpiece
the situation is so stupid if you saw
some dumb kid obviously gonna stop her
or I actually then again I wouldn't
really care cuz it's not my kid but if
it was my kid all right I would I am
paying for that shit so I'll be running
away this woman is eyeing the art on the
walls as ava is busy making her own this
is gonna do okay
or just go
but when mom steps away Avis buys a new
cabinet to go pretty and expensive a
$300 cash why I'm a big youtuber $300
canvas oh my god
some yells even louder catching the
attention of a trees is also an actor
what happened I don't know I would belie
don't know this stupid girl this month√≠s
walks off alright she's responsible for
our child
why does he wanna me take a shit when
our trials got a bunch of markers and
they don't know that our mom is going to
try to escape
oh shit cheering with the gaining that
$300 she didn't do that she just did it
we saw her sitting on the chair don't my
you're the witnesses no sir do it yeah
I'm not gonna pay $300 Oh we work as a
gallery for these artists ma'am okay
well we can all split it did she say you
don't have any responsibility for your
child
I'm not gonna pay for plot man wouldn't
you be annoyed if you're on this TV show
you got so triggered to the point where
you have to say that shit just to find
out as a TV Charlotte you stupid TV show
use of my footage piss me off okay I'm
not gonna calm things down yeah no I
can't Johnny can you say this is part of
a TV show yeah okay you bloody stressed
this girl all right she thought she was
just going for lunch and then now all of
a sudden just to pay $100 for some
stupid donkey that'd be some dumb shit
you freaked out when you saw her god I
looked at it but it was worth $300 and
like oh my god this is someone's living
yeah yeah she got pissed off and so what
I alright I am paying for anyone's
bloody missing mishaps okay throughout
the day Tracey keeps leaving Ava alone
with her donation and that oh no marker
what's the old lady gonna do and the
zero save the day when Tracy asks for
their silence these paintings were
painted by painters alright they try to
make a living just pay it alright if
your child did something stupid just pay
it no she finds friends in this
mother-daughter duo you know what
happens while the child's was sitting
there with markers yeah do you guys know
what happened to me this painting by I
stay quiet I felt that it was really her
responsibility because she wanted to own
up to it that she should know this
Conesus instance okay yeah sir I'm a
snake alright listen hang next when
Tracy and Ava leave the scene at least
and make sure the truth gets out
yeah even follows our culprits out the
door oh no she's not but we are you got
me I'm on TV
I didn't artists myself oh no you know
the effort that it takes to put it to
something she it's not it's his value
and a good thing especially when people
could work into it and what's what's the
worst can happen yeah you're out $300
what's the worst thing no that shit
encouraged to draw on a painting can you
watch it for a second my mom's away now
it's time for Ava to play decides she's
gonna make it up pretty
like a little Picasso don't know what
Picasso is alright wait who is Picasso
again I'm like this woman famous
newfound friends seem amused really
gonna let her continue now that mom is
three dollars
$300
Aven we have to get out of here before
they see they may not approve but they
are living what they say next takes us
by surprise way to pay for the painting
we decide to tell them it's my work
it's my workshop Upjohn you know you
can't pay for shit all right don't lie
you didn't do it your producers probably
made that shit there's an actress yes
you were going to buy it but we really
we come here every day it really is like
then $300 today we're gonna pay $400 for
this stupid on go I alright so that was
some dumb kid drawing on an expensive
painting alright now if this was my
child I would just own up and pay for it
I'll be like your your stupid child okay
and I can't believe you did something so
stupid but you know what you're my kid
alright I won't save you I won't sell
you to slavery or maybe I might now I'm
kidding I won't sell them to slavery or
anything I'll just pay it alright but if
I saw someone else do that alright I
would make sure that they get the blame
and make sure that they pay for it okay
don't just run away from
responsibilities like that even if it is
costing a lot of money but yeah I don't
care how cute you stupid little girl is
alright I pay for the painting for okay
I don't care how many times I go to this
restaurant every day or the next what
would you do video we're gonna be
watching is mother sprays water bottle
that child so this is like another one
of the mothers punishments with this
stupid mum I hate her so much I actually
have a war bottle right here alright so
apparently it's a punishment where
parents are spraying and their kids with
water yeah you wouldn't like it if you
were just sprayed with water like that
okay nuclear call it one pump parent is
stupid woman spray moms and dads even
teachers trying to change a child's
behavior one at a time his god battle
trainers use spray bottles to discipline
dogs and cats but now a third grade
teacher is accused of using the same
technique on her students there was a
teacher out there who was so fed up of
their students that she busted out the
water water spray
my whole setup is wet now well that's
just great look I am just just just to
make that dumb joke I go away if you
were out shopping and saw this oh I told
you not to open them good night doesn't
anything I say what would you do all
right I mean like you know me and
parenting okay like talk to your child
all right
what a lazy way of parenting or by
treating a kid like an animal you
realize this kid is actually a person
you can't actually talk to them and
communicate with them I mean yeah
they're a kid and sometimes they won't
listen but you know but that's where you
really gotta be a parent
you can't just be lazy grab the bloody
nearest the water canister near you it's
a busy day at fairway supermarket it's
like Connecticut Eva and Aiden are busy
running wild when the kids set their
sights on some sweet treats and is
quickly surprised by what she's seen I
keep telling them and they don't mind or
listen I know so I started using the
bottles to discipline them this was
spray it's just water
try it okay I don't like it no she was
right I don't I try it I don't like it
mom that's all there you go there you go
bye-bye thank you
I appreciate I don't even but she's not
done wait why did the subtitles go
Spanish all of a sudden but she's not
done dishing out the motherly advice
but sometimes I don't know what to do
find ways to make it I did my share of
screaming listening just gotta say what
great advice from Grandma okay if kids
aren't listening just say listen and
then they'll listen I thought if we
thought of that what great advice from
granny if I do this show what would you
do oh my gosh not like her idea spraying
the kids faces with water yeah I'll
spray your face with warning you tell me
what you think
yeah yeah it's true even know granny
alright this granny was born in a like
the 1900s okay she had like shit bad
shit going on when she was a child
Beeman she knows like it's bad to use
water all right kids are not animals
they're human beings all right don't use
the same trick that you would with a dog
to your child back in the store our kids
are back at it the only way to
discipline them and just like that this
woman steps in oh
do you that's ready keep some spraying
oh I found Isis water but I found it
actually that's what we have to do what
cat says don't listen to get him down
yeah they're probably for in mommy's
feelings by not listening to her
just like that waters hurt in your eyes
kids anything that Wow
she clearly approves it even makes a
surprising comparison cuz I didn't want
a Wall Street
it's the doggie doesn't like to be
sprayed with the water
and if you're going to like it
oh come on now John can be honest this
is part of the TV show called it's call
what would you do would you feel sorry
for those kids oh god I just wet my 3000
pound camera all right imagine if I
broke my camera just to make this shitty
video yeah you guys owe me a new camera
okay because I'm doing this for you all
right you guys are making me do this
dumb shit throughout the day we come
across different reactions to our water
squirting mother goes well insides with
our mom
oh no this British rumors alright she's
meant to be representing my country
she's like oh my goodness Nick I think
it's a good idea if I do sit like this
woman suggests in this verse
and this mom thinks it's right laughs
out loud funny oh that's perfect
I mean I can see the funny side of it
all right because it's kind of funny all
right but I mean as a punishment where
these kids are like screaming like we
roll our cameras one lice starts talking
to our mother this woman immediately
notices what's happened to Patrol and
now she turns the tables oh shit man I
think I better go man eating up you know
what I'm saying they don't listen so I'm
like they have to I mean I I just don't
know what else to do as far as
discipline but it doesn't work these
kids are why don't you just mind your
own business because you can't go spray
each other that's just rotten Yanis
you're upset tell me I just got my dog
she's lucky lucky because you don't have
a child that is sick or disabled who
can't ask your mom oh Lessing's
everybody doesn't have that blessing so
those two little treasures that's cute
oh come on now like a child isn't stupid
and they're gonna kind of remember the
time where you started spraying them
with water and I wouldn't want my child
to hate me all right like I wouldn't
want my child to misbehave of course but
I would just tell them like as a person
yes stop misbehaving cuz you know it's
not good it's not how we behave you know
actually like teach them stuff rather
than you know punishing them you know
reward good things and don't punish bad
things I I think
I don't know I'm not father okay guys
leave me alone anyway guys I'm a name
the video there that was what would you
do if this video reaches 30,000 likes
I'm gonna continue this as a series and
if it doesn't then it won't I've already
made too many videos on this shitty
series anyway thank you guys so much
watching now see you in the next video
mines there guys
