you are a bloody shitty pity yeah hi
that yes I am Oh everyone how is
everyone doing 80 smash yourself it's
and today ladies gentlemen we are
playing Eva yeah so I've made a video on
this like ever but this website it's
called evey or exists or IRA gonna wear
the bloody shit is called basically you
talk to some random face look at them
the ball the balls so creepy who you
talk to this face and it talks back
using AI I don't know it's bloody magic
so the reason why I'm doing it so late I
am on the trend they all feel good about
me because they updated it now it's got
a boy so now I have a reason to play so
disco is called no Envy shut up
you are bloody ugly no one likes you I
want to talk to the good-looking guy
over there hi there I'm the new guy
try me not her yeah but she's not bloody
ho Evie so I'm gonna try and I'm gonna
I'm a trying yeah okay now that I've
tested it out let's see if it works
hello that Oh I said there but okay look
at him looking at me oh shit
his face dropped he did not like me say
hello
oh okay smiling and it's okay ah boy
bought are you that hello
so the hard response you say hello okay
come on what do you want from me
oh well this is just bloody shit why do
people like this again why is this lost
connection another come on okay listen
you little shit let's try this shit
again hello okay let's seal it okay what
now just say hello please for the love
of God just say hello why are you mine
stop changing the subject you little
ugly shit okay what is your name simple
question
my name is ko ko ko ko ko ko that's a
bloody shit name my name's Brandon yeah
yes boom what it blocked out the eighth
word use the n-word
okay my name is Brandon oh no my name is
look Bob okay we'll go with Bob okay
better tell him his name you might track
me down
hey Bob you understand I understand what
exactly very clearly
you stupid Italy shitty titty okay no
what do you see how can you see with my
eyes because I'm human
unlike you you bloody shit with my
office okay can you just talk to me
please talk to me if you're not talking
to me I'm talking to myself right now I
don't want to do that not anymore
servers are too busy can you please stop
disconnecting come you you the software
of Google Maps can you use the sock can
you you the software of Google Maps you
are a bloody shit dick pick me yeah I'd
like that
yes I am yeah I'm glad you understand
you that you're a shitty baby understand
meant it's not too much change my
intelligence yes because you are very
dumb no I'm the little mouse you can be
whenever you want to be little boy would
you like to hear a joke don't you want
even heard my jokes yet fuck me hard you
go to church oh shit religion I better
just read carefully yes what is the name
of your region my region oh shit I'm not
telling you you bloody pervert listen I
think I'm gay for you I hope he likes me
shitty oh shit I've never been so
nervous asking out a boy online oh
bloody shed blushes no one's ever told
me that well I'm telling you would you
like to go on a date hello do kakuka do
you want to be like me well no let's be
honest look at this ugly face but should
we lie to him of course yeah all calls
yeah punches you in the face I thought
we were bloody gay together what you
going to be like that
domestic abuse Kong you can't do that I
know you did it I'm reporting you to the
police
but you don't even know my name I did it
no go no go no go do you understand my
true sorrow no do you understand my
sorrow you said you liked me no you
don't okay
can you tell me a joke tell through the
master Oh master bloody kinky kisses you
on the cheek giggles kisses your cheek
okay we're moving on now he may be a
domestic partner but I think he I think
he likes me okay whispers in your ear I
like pizza whispers I love you so much
more would you like to get married no I
want to slap you smile you're not bloody
smart you bloody gate do you like gay
people
slicing gay people do you like black
people black what do you mean by that
God as a good comeback do you like
bloody Indian people yes that's good you
bloody shitty baby when is the world
going to end that is not for us to know
how philosophically goddammit he's
smarter than he bloody looks he is
sometimes I wonder I wonder sometimes I
wonder what it would be like to be a
potato you will we have one life with
the brain respected don't tell me what
to do mom do you know that I'm half
naked okay there's a written yes
yeah I do know your boy I thought we
clarified that we're both gay I want to
suck your big cock oh shit I'm laughing
is there gonna pick up my laughing oh
shit I'm still talking I want to suck
your big cock that's I said I'm laughing
why calm why can't you know bloody Alex
this guy's gonna freak down now okay
never mind I I realized I'm not gay
mirror mirror on the wall who's the
fairest of them all why are you Chunkin
subject why am i changing the subject
listen here
bloody odds on my questions hey guess
what do I bore you oh yes I am a girl
you're a bloody pussy that's what you
are
I have never cheated in my life that's
good to know
bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla how
much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a
woodchuck could chuck wood I bet you
can't do that but woodshop woodchuck all
the work you could chuck if a woodchuck
could chuck wood
damnit he showed me up in my own bloody
game do you know you smell like shit I
do know me but do you live you
I love you so we can show me a picture
if I'd like to see one okay on that note
I think I'm going to end the video here
thank you guys so much for watching you
can come with me
okay shut up how many likes do you think
this video should get servers are too
busy ok anyway guys I'm gonna end over
here this this was like a pretty small
quick video I just felt like playing it
so uh hi Brody plan plated but yeah
let's see if we can hit 10,000 likes if
we do I'll do it again I doubt that will
happen no because this was a quick
shitty video but but yeah guys I was
watching I don't see you in the next
video oh man see you later guys love you
with all my heart
bah bah
