Oh everyone how is everyone doing it is
mesh yourself éireann today glaze German
we are playing the hair P wills if we
play a bit worse when we're happy
okay and I'm happy and as you can see
I'm weapon
don't mess yourself t-shirt okay finally
on sale down inscription down below if
you want one if sexy it is bloody sexy
okay enough advertisements okay let's
play some bloody shitty levels
futuristic blade throat a sword throw
map with Asif eucharistic style sail the
spaceman to when and how fast can you do
it we'll find out right now oh no planet
Narnia so kill all of us shit your
clothes fall down the big hose filled
with hazards trying to kill you good
luck
I don't need bloody luck let's go oh I
lost my head and land on the roof
shitty
oh shit come on you can't just shit on
my face like that
oh shit lost mom oh shit I lost my
kidney Oh
go little Segway man look at him go
Oh what's this this is the one this is
the one this is the one I told you hard
spike jump tip only I don't need no
bloody tip III
I did it the freezing stick check out my
new level
Jack I was doing that already oh this is
a bore throat I don't get it
I threw the stick oh my oh I get it
we're supposed to protect ourselves so
if I throw like that like like no okay
it's gonna freeze and now will that do
it Oh perfect
put your hands in the air away they're
not gonna get don't get to know why
because Brandon had defeated so weirdly
sticky stix shit yeah ha you're being
attacked by so big you must save him ten
ten ten ten ten Mufasa long live the
king
ethnic love team pas one oh just a sound
that makes me wanna rub my ninnies oh I
like it
oh the love oh you space to form control
to reverse oh I like that shit oh oh
this isn't this is not what I was
expecting jet pack guy hello there guys
here's another level with a jack van a
guy in this we all need to press space
at the beginning and hold it to fly
hope you enjoy here heard adhered here
okay what the bloody shit oh my goodness
kill me I'm just an old man I don't want
to play this game well he bloody shit
what have we done to you old man okay
this poor guy stuck in this sort of
contraption okay it's all right old man
you'll die pretty soon
rest in peace Albert the old man
first level penguin face that with my
penguin face okay I'm hoping your first
level isn't bloody shit what is this by
the way this phantom took four flippin
ever to make bloody straight I don't
like it at all
Oh your first level is a bloody Pogo
level you make me click on this level
thinking it's going to be good I gave
you the benefit of the doubt with your
bloody penguin face but you bloody lie
to me that's it I'm never gonna trust
penguin face ever again
swing colors okay you know what next I
don't think I've ever done a rope swing
I'm not gonna lie I don't think I have
so pretty let's go oh yes flying through
the air it's oh oh shit is that Daddy
help me I'm not your bloody dad you've
got the wrong man you have so pretty
colors it reminds me of the rainbow it
is so pretty
yes it is yes it is it is so pretty yes
it is yes it is I'm so glad I wanna fly
okay I know what that means
made in Turkish oh shit I can't speak
Turkish oh shit oh shit oh shit oh man
my Turkish is good
fixed welcome to Who Wants to Be a
Millionaire
oh shit I'm scared what is the first
name of President Obama Abraham Obama
Barack Obama Clint Obama or Donald
McRonald McDonald Obama I want to say be
for Osama but Obama what is the most
popular soccer game has FIFA and hey
Chan or Madden oh shit I do 50/50 to
make it a bit harder the public is not
correct all the time bullshit I'm going
I'm gonna risk it and say it's FIFA I
hope I'm bloody right hey bloody was who
was the first man oh no root mu lamps
Armstrong Louie Armstrong Neil
Armstrong's or Billy Armstrong shit I
don't actually know I want to say it's
with Armstrong or it might be Neil I
don't know oh shit it was Neil I mean
what is Neil Armstrong I'm a hundred
percent sure yeah see I'm bloody smart I
am on which continent can you find the
longest river god
this is bloody smart I think it's in
Europe or Africa River Niles duh I think
it's after I'm gonna go Africa shit
River knows in Africa right oh it might
be yeah it is who was the creator of the
company that belongs to the famous logo
ID - luck cuz that's the only name that
doesn't make that make sense that's okay
yeah I'm smart which of the following
countries is not a part of the continent
North America okay we're gonna use a
lifeline 50/50 JP Barbados or Guam okay
Barbados is no Bahamas and that's North
America right no Guam oh bloody shaded
for I'm right which German city endured
No okay I'm bloody learning now Jesus
Christ which German city enjoy the first
bombing oh shit oh no Berlin Hamburg and
Munich is there any ones I know Berlin
okay it was Dresden yay okay next
question which of the following elements
has the lowest oh really
how what no I don't know
oh shit this is the last question for 1
million dollar dollar shit
ok I'm gonna ask a 50/50 even offer to
use it but I'm using it again ok lithium
or neon and I'm gonna ask the public the
public said 34 percent b-but 23 percent
D or shitty I'm gonna go with B
eject yourself eject yourself what it
looks like idea from our the mapmakers
reject yourself come in a mega bum-bum
about the Batman not bad that's righti
shit bababababa
hey Jeff shut up shitty idea for the
last time I'm not your daddy
he caught 3d World hey German tutorials
more German this point a 3d word this
high fashion
iseman stay but pollutant hey Rican die
even days furball for flavor enjoyment
we never spoil placement quake the
bridge and Harvard even or buy even more
shut up son okay this is German
manufacturing here right now we don't
get this anywhere in my country the
Germans they do it right side daddy I
wish I was German sorry about the baby I
want to be German can you teach me some
German okay son you say bloody gutentag
if you wanna say hello goat and dog
that's all I know in German okay well
that's just great
that's great daddy your bloody shit I
don't even know I liked you okay are we
done
dumb ways to die I hope you like my
level hey if you do please rate fibre
level shut up your bloody dumb ways to
die a heavy goddamn tie da way to DA
higher flying baby and corner hood
mind-blowing melon a car workout
Santa's neck-snapping gift and doorman
or coach if it did be the lovely song
emoji Pogo job free emoji to play this
while drinking Mountain Dew for maximal
skills don't forget to be God after
eatos
they call me
I'm much better be let's go pony
right right
okay I think I think that level was a
bit too MLG for me anyway guys I think
I've been playing a lot I'm tired
what this probably was a short episode I
felt like if it felt really sure but
anyway I'm reading the video here I hope
you guys enjoyed let's try to hit 10,000
likes on this video you guys love hobby
rose I'm so happy that you love happy
wills cuz I love happy wills it just
makes me happy everyone's happy anyway
guys I'm not anybody here remember if
you guys want a messed up t-shirt down
description down below you can go get
one they're really cool perfect for like
summer but yeah anyway guys oh they guy
so it's what you don't see you wouldnít
video on I see that it oh right with
river by remember remember
