lock up Oh everyone is mess yourself
there and before this video starts I
just want to say the mess yourself
t-shirt has finally launched look how
sexy it is god damn it you can get yours
right now I think there's a sale on for
the first two weeks you can get it for
just $25 so in the first line in the
description you can go and get yourself
a sexy much as well t-shirt what are you
waiting for go get it okay now let's
start the video all right shall we start
you want to start you want to start with
by doing my intro what we do my intro
you know main strut right okay I think
that's enough
hi everyone is special selfie and today
we have a special video I have finally
brought my two sisters along oh my right
we have Frankie hi and over here we have
candy they can't see that say hi so what
we're good ok so what we're gonna do
today is we're going to decide who's the
best sibling ok now I'm gonna ask you
guys a couple of questions and we're
gonna rank each other like from the best
to the worst
ok and whoever gets the most best wins
alright question number one who's the
smallest now let's be honest here
obviously me are you gonna say yourself
yeah no Brandon isn't me always the
better better one yeah yeah so let's
just say my what okay let's move on
okay who's gonna be most successful when
I grow up again yeah definitely and yeah
now the question is who's gonna be
second I would like I'm glad we can all
agree I'm definitely gonna be very
successful okay who's the most
good-looking me that's no good is too
little faith oh look at his cute face
how can I say that I'm the most
good-looking okay okay to decide who's
the most good-looking we have to give
our sexy pose all right this is mine
this is mine
all right can you go you think I like
the this is an easy one who's the
most annoying Frankie Frankie how am i
nice annoying because you don't know
anything exactly you know dirty thing is
annoying
Frankie acts like I'm not her brother
sometimes she just like yeah it's like
I'm quite scared of you actually you
should know me I think I'm what I'm very
well-behaved actually I'm like the
perfect child yeah yeah okay I'm
probably gonna regret playing this a
question in but who's gonna be the first
to get married me probably but then I
would say me I think you're gonna die
alone candy it's very sad hello darkness
my old friend
okay whose mom's favorite what not loves
me anyone that says old Mike Andy she's
so good you know she's gotta do it sorry
nice because I've known mark no no no
you should hear the stuff mom says
behind your backs
oh you know she said it to my face okay
so whose dad's favorite then I say
Frankie okay that's all the questions I
have had I'm not sure if we accomplished
anything
yeah okay I don't even know where it
comes from
I just told like this sometimes what are
you doing right now should we do accents
which one is our best accent to an
Indian accent I do mind Emacs a lot
don't you do it
fancy I think I'm gonna end the video
here yeah it took me really it took me a
long time to get these two together like
they're really busy so on yeah I hope
you guys enjoy how many likes you think
this video should get I'm gonna say 15
yeah okay how many you say 20 oh I like
that bout let's see if we could hit
20,000 likes I think we can do it let's
see if we can hit 20,000 likes
I remember guys messed up t-shirt is
finally in May
okay it's on sale right now so go down
description if you want one I'll
recommend it they're really sexy but
anyway guys only that guys so much
watching and I'll see you in the next
video my silly guys
