hello everyone how is everyone doing
Eadie's measure selfie and add a legend
we are back within my own absolution ah
this is my favorite series I get so
excited when I play this game gentlemen
so I'm not gonna waste any more time I'm
gonna start the car down video now
remember if you want to skip this
cutscene click the top right okay let's
start
oh shit so lost episode we just escaped
from the poopoo okay
oh yeah the arms dealer is after
Victoria oh I'm not a pussy buddy
you hit me two days earlier oh shit
Gordon's girl is in Chicago me and the
boys are leaving a cell I need you along
this period the operation oh no wait I
heard you you want me to snatch some
chick oh no names Victoria DOM is gonna
call you tell you how to find her
that's my home hiding somewhere you got
that that's a lot of hassle for one
chick if he must be special she must be
special
this guy's bloody dirty I don't like him
he's hiring these guys to take Victoria
damn husband over the Vixen okay I guess
we need to kill this guy are you you
know what almost get this fussing okay
it's it's bloody shit all we need to
know is meter kills that guy okay here
we go
we spawned all the kid man is so badass
in the rain what are you doing in the
rain hit man he's like I don't give a
shit about getting wet does it look like
I'm scared about getting wet okay be
careful
I must kill a hobo and if ever you ever
zone oh no do put it back on no I spent
a whole episode trying to get rid of him
and that bloody back
can I change cover Oh doing old people
tease poco poco okay let's move on
what's going on now oh shit it's the
five-o through the tunnels next to the
Roxy Fitz buries description what hitman
Paco Oh what is he doing okay how am I
going to get past these guys don't worry
I'm just an officer the law yeah okay
that was easy so what we're doing now is
we are hunting a one of those guys
friends and he is the owner of this
vixen club oh yeah don't mind me
bodyguards I'm just gonna walk him back
we're gonna see some titties you wanna
see some titties you gotta pay I would
love to see some titties but I'm not
gonna pay I'm the office of the law sexy
girls girls girls that's what I'm
talking about now ladies gentlemen
look at the titties girl check please of
my face check threesome I feel nobody'll
root of one one girl the girl appeals
enough oh yeah you shake it girl look at
this girl she's got good ego dance
starts or no bloody babies now I
actually made a youtube video about a
year about two years ago doing this
mission and what I bloody did is I had
control okay I died okay I'm joking okay
I just wanted to shoot the strippers
once goddamnit leave me alone okay let's
do this shit properly baby but yeah oh
please no no Brendan don't get
distracted by the titties okay now the
person we need to kill is this guy Dom
Osmond is his name okay first things
first we need a bloody strip club
costume and no not not a bloody bra and
panties cuz we're not a girl we need a
staff costume hello sir you are your
staff right
you bloody joke they're dead now a lot
of you guys were saying you want to see
me slap the guys neck you happy okay
from what I remember there are two funny
ways to kill the guy oh my goodness look
at this nuts nuts I've got a boo-boo you
want to go and fix me up in the back
room okay so one of the ways we can kill
him is this disco ball as you can see it
is very broken okay now if we turn it on
it will fall and if we time it right we
hold god damn kill him
okay let's first go in here use my key
card is anyone in here no okay now as
you can see we can spin the disco ball
now all we do is wait for him to arrive
and we goddamn killer
bullshit here he comes here he comes now
go on the dance floor shit he's on the
dog for quickly go go go go go go go
road quick quick
we got him oh shit what are you guys
running in here you're not allowed in
here oh shit let me call him ha ha ha
and look ladies gentlemen it was a trick
sidin so they don't even know it's me
it was the goddamn disco ball ok so that
was one of the ways we can do it so I'm
gonna restart checkpoint and I show you
the other one look at the goddamn keys
always going through a personal space oh
you're breaking it that's not having a
head ok so the other way we can kill him
is that this bloody path is going to
come and ask this girl with the big
titties for a private dance now when
he's doing a private dance we're gonna
sneak in this room ok now there's the
secret room where their goddamn filming
the bloody hole and their bloody dance
oh shit here is look at him look at that
bloody pub now we can't see me from here
because this is a glass window oh shit
look at that look at I go yeah go you
shake it holy shit look at that guy's
face is like ok does is over now I've
got silenced pistols ok so now if I
shoot him with this glass look at him it
doesn't even arm right here
he doesn't even know he's going
and no one bloody knew I killed him now
we drag his body and we put it in this
container and that lays gentlemen it's
how your goddamn kill the bloody pervert
okay now what we go upstairs oh shit
people here quickly Paco how they don't
see me
oh shit can I make that cool god damn a
hit man running around everywhere oh
shit look at all these girls I'm alone
with four girls in a room you know what
I'm gonna do guys okay I need to stop
killing strippers okay we have to go
here what's this check answer after
birdie the Birdman but rich in
shit-faced oh shit what's that Oh beat
your Victoria okay so what we have to do
now is we have to save birdy how bloody
fun okay climb down here where's this
gonna take us oh shit what are we where
are we okay we are now dressed as the
bloody cook okay what wallet where are
we oh shit we're in a goddamn butcher
store I'll for goodness sake the police
are goddamn everywhere for pin an
epochal okay what do we do um now they
were talking about via works clothes
valve this valve system regulates the
sprinkler system so if I close this and
light the fireworks when can i light
fireworks here okay pee fairy sneaking
now look up shit fuck oh shit
PAH Corrigan ignite fireworks okay let's
do that
is this gonna be a distraction lighting
these should reduce visibility okay
we're gonna light the fireworks and
oh oh no shit run Maggie matter itself
exit the store very calmly okay I create
the distraction okay was there a point
in me doing that couldn't I just leave
the store oh shit what's happening now
it's bad oh shit that's gonna get bad
calm down buddy I would save your soul
Jesus Christ buddy a bloody pussy birdy
focus yeah don't do anything foolish
don't wilt a cold or anything stupid you
play stupid okay so three guys are
chasing after birdy and we need to save
him I guess I don't give a shit about
buddy
oh shit it's Chinese you knew you in
this dense crowd the targets well no so
we got that they won't okay so we have
to kill three people now I believe
there's some pretty funny ways to kill
these guys okay so one of the ways is if
we go climb through here Oh Shh okay and
not get spotted this time okay let's try
shit again go through here and don't get
spied how do they not fucking spot me
you little piece of shit okay let's try
this shit again I'm gonna grab a bottle
this time and I'm gonna throw it over
here go fetch now we can now climb
through here all right now don't see me
this time little buddy gay all right
there we go we're gonna activate
checkpoint so now we can sabotage this
gas pump okay now now there's petrol all
over the floor now I think if we wait
for the guy to come you will have a
cigarette and you'll know what's going
to happen next
oh shit look there he is there it is
okay okay okay now let's hope that he
has a bloody cigarette gone gone go for
a smoke go for a bloody smoke cuz you're
gonna get bloody smoked going going
going gone
baby now it's only a matter of time
that's that's the best one
okay so now we have to kill the second
guy okay what we're gonna do is we are
gonna shoot this thing down and that's
gonna bloody well kill him but we need
to oh I miss my child
this is so much fun oh shit what is he
doing is he interrogating now if I
wanted a bird you would respond what you
want roast duck oh shit
oh no he pushed them I'm gonna count
down from 10 no no no no I have to let
him go I'm sorry - I got it - oh no you
bloody asshole you need to bloody well
right
I had to get I had to let him kill him
otherwise I if I did it then it would
have killed both of them
so I had to let him die and my score
would have gone down so sorry
you little ass okay so finally the last
way we can kill him
is that one of the guys will go for a
pee pee here
right next to a high voltage not the
smartest so we're gonna put the sleeve
up and they're going to die wait first
we need to ring it okay now that we've
rigged it oh shit what are we doing okay
and now we're just gonna wait for the
guy to go for a piss oh look here he
comes
he's going to do a pee-pee oh shit is he
gonna see me from here I bloody went off
not ah don't mind me I'm just gonna
stare at you pee oh shit he's gonna take
his Willy out oh wait he doesn't have a
willy
you goddamn lying son of a DP okay now
we're gonna polish Levante
that's how you do it lazy gentlemen so
much fun fun ok later man that is the
end of that goddamn mission that was one
of the longest missions ever holy shit
are we gonna find birdy now that guy's
like oh shit
you put a cube with a coin in my coffee
last time oh shit look a hit man so
badass go down son
Oh screw it oh shit where's buddy oh
shit birdy where is he
you owe me a coffee as well
oh shit $20 where's buddy he left with
this cowboy guy they got him oh shit
nickel birdy nobody god damn it I was
like why do I give a shit about who
everybody is huh I don't give a shit
I'm telling that right now too late 47 I
gotta do what I gotta do
- what would you rather do find the girl
or waste the bullet body no hockey stick
nobody you trading middle orchard you
you you saw me out buddy
you saw me out I spent the whole episode
trying to save you and your bloody sold
me out
you bloody shit fine anyway I'm gonna
end the video here I would do more but
this is a really really long wish this
was a really long mission so um yeah but
anyway it looks like those guys are
gonna get Victoria what's going to
happen I don't know find out next next
episode
yeah thank I was gonna again thank you
guys again for the support on this
series so far it's just it's just so
much fun this game was meant for me it's
like they knew message that was going to
play it three years later when it came
out but yeah once we had 10,000 likes a
la bro next episode I'm proper excited
for older shenanigans we're gonna get up
- and yeah the sons of my heart so I'm
gonna go take a starts watching Oh see
you in a next video man Solera cos love
you ba ba
