hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is master selfie and today lay German
you read the goddamn title we are
returning yet again to the classic the
Far Cry 3 yes ladies gentlemen we are
finally returning to the beautiful game
that is Far Cry free now look at this
goddamn beautiful game ladies and
gentlemen is so goddamn beautiful it
brings a tear to my eye so beautiful so
today ladies gentlemen yes we are
finally returned this game now I love
Far Cry 4 but I still think it cannot be
beaten by Far Cry 3 I just love the
setting it's just so pretty
ok so we're just gonna mess around in
Far Cry 4 you know just just have some
fun now one thing I missed from Far Cry
3 is the citizens hello lady okay
hello madam they don't want you to know
they don't want you to know it's a game
to them run jump kill die I killed him I
eat them I drink their blood I will see
who wins the fucking game oh Jesus
Christ woman calm yelled out I remember
you you stupid little crazy ho
Jesus Christ hello lady are you okay you
seem to have fallen off your chair uh
you want to get up no you want to sit in
the floor okay oh shit look what we got
here hoes oh no we had holes in this
game logo look at her she's pulling that
bad ass do you like what you see I do
like what I see hi you want some company
Hey I would love some company yes thank
you very much kind lady what do you mean
by company I won't bust unless you
um lady you've met you make me feel
quote pretty uncomfortable now you like
what you see I can pass I'm lonely
you're not one to play oh I don't want
to play house ups out respectful your
girl use yourself oh you want some
company
no go away where are we going to have
company anyway in here where these bunch
of girls are sitting on the floor crying
what is wrong with this one
Jesus Christ hey you're cute I like you
no you're the bloody she-devil get out
of here mama told me about girls are you
hoes all of them I'm getting out of it
before these house take over and these
two guys are having a staring
competition I wonder who's gonna win um
guys okay there's this place on the map
called bad town and everyone here are
goddamn freaky sons Sons weirdos what oh
all right enough messing around with a
goddamn civilian slaves genuine but what
we are gonna do is we are going to go
crafting high in some animals hey don't
give me hot me some beer up me some
fishes so what's the Wonder core to a
day later gentlemen it is a rugged
wallet what we need the skin or two I
saw where these now these cassowaries
they are goddamn sneaky sons of bitches
thank God they didn't bring them back to
Far Cry 4
they were the sneakiest bastards in the
whole of the goddamn game okay let now
let's go kill some and some of them okay
here we are ready come do it gorgeous my
mover okay let's try this shit again we
need to hunt the cassowary guys are
designed in this cave ha ha ha ha it's
all right come out Turtles I'm not gonna
hurt you come out oh oh say something
I'm giving up
I so worries ah so well Rees gotta cut
the bloody shit one thing that pissed me
off for far cry 3 is that you bloody
fall from dying anywhere you fall off
the stairs and you bloody die
what the hell's our little gorgeous is I
don't care about you we're castaways
hiding in the bushes I know they are
come out you cassowary shit what was
that
piggy what are you doing out here
whoops rabbit out here is the best in
the whole of the goddamn Island so if
you don't mind you're kind of stepping
on my food
shut the fuck up you stupid Nicky well
don't you see my friend Billy idea
around here he's going to get some food
for the rest of our family I brought it
killed him just like I'm going to scare
yo hey brother do time and you could
tell my friends Billy and Bob fuck up
okay now I'm getting legitimately pissed
off whoa wait a second
is that what I think it is it's a god
damn cassowaries look guys what the
bloody okay okay Jesus Christ mean wait
weather go so Ares where the hell did it
go yeah like that oh for goodness sake I
spent soul ripped off your bloody dragon
shit
oh look they were there they are they're
just above the hill where you guys
coming from
oh shit I hear him I love it I love this
goddamn game it is all going down fun I
am having the time of my life I never
felt this way before
whoo there they are that's a goddamn
cassowary hey Brandon remember me I'm
kasha where we you shouldn't have came
back before a free boy you should have
stayed with the new game hey you made a
big-ass mistake
listen cassowary I remember the troubles
I had from you and I'm not scared of you
disturb their supreme estate branded and
curse you should be scared of me I one
of the most feared animals in this place
well I'm not goddamn scared of you I
will fight you took this pod down oh
that's oh that one's pretty easy
actually ha ha ha
we're not getting me one cut the weary
who has a wedding ok now we need just
one more cuz I need to cross some other
shit hey Brandon I thought I told you to
get the hell outta me go back to your
game boy you don't belong here
oh you got it right now I got my y'all
shut up you just shut up you bloody game
you bloody gay as a wedding okay that's
one down just give me one more I'm not
scared of you you bloody just get out of
it
see what I mean trying to pay attention
a gentleman you get things done yeah
yeah we can now cross a rugged bonnet
boom
we can now hold a goddamn 4000
ching-ching dolla dolla Hey hey you
wanna borrow some change I got plenty of
it e Bamberger okay we know what o'clock
next ladies and gentlemen is a heavy
duty rock sack but we need to skin or
for bloody dangles yeah bloody dingo
crikey mate
we're gonna go haunt me something goes
down at the Barbie we are hey you suck
you bloody cassowary shit crack yo Gaza
we could go on something goes down at
the god damned a wank place Australian
words ladies and gentlemen welcome to
down on duck with mess yourself as you
can see the dingo berries just walk
around thinking that goddamn bloody dogs
remember the bloody dolls
I mean crikey mate bloody Oh crikey the
bloody a dingoes think their art well
I'm gonna show me who's boss
I will now interrogate their bloody
dingoes oi
dingoes I swear only met me man's grave
I'm gonna kill ya
that's what I'm talkin about baby once
killed their mother the dingo brothers
will try and molest you I'm not having
that not after last time
Oh dingo a swear I mean and scrape I'm
gonna kill you in the face and your nan
is that your nan I drunk goddamn Gilda
okay what hours or damn dingos pretty
easy it's just me or animals really easy
to kill this game all of a sudden so we
can now grab ladies gentlemen a level
heavy-duty rucksack yeah yeah we can
have we have a bigger SAP in our lays
gentlemen means we pick up more bitches
as how things work I'm home lazy
gentleman did you guys miss me
hey guys what's up hey girl Oh help me
please
Hey get your ass back there what's your
frickin problem she's the owner of a
bitch hit me you deaf lose them back I
mean it back off right the fuck now
leave right now I'm not afraid of you I
need it
look I'm gonna cut you a break
hahaha
what did you just push that go what is
what they just spied on you boy she
didn't add a hank in and I'll fuck you
on full lotto
I'm not even kidding here you will fuck
you on full auto what does that mean
what did was I just watch what hello sir
what are you selling a wooden table look
at this guy so what we're gonna do now
late gentlemen is we are heading over to
do some polka
I am the polka mess everyone go hey
Willie you win you'll let me with him no
kind of you sir okay I'm gonna bet $250
okay I'm the expert okay here we go
polka time baby
does anyone know how to play poker I see
you have given me a 4 and a 3 now
whenever you get these numbers
motherfuckers what blintz oh shit
that guy went all-in Abdullah he went
all-in oh shit he's got a king and an
eight oh shit there's an eight over
there um oh ah
Bessy shit I've gone so mean I've been
eliminated but I thought I was the best
okay I'm playing again god damn I really
wish I had to play poker I mean a 5 & a
this could this could be amazing Oh
Marcus oh shit near marks have gone
all-in he's got it for in an ace um
good for one one one I mean I I know I
was going to bloody win over Marcus
you're bloody gay seal a gentleman come
look at his goddamn game okay I've got
an ace and a seven again me and Jonah
Jonah thinks he's got a better hand with
his queen and ace um shit wait wait
possum that's straight that's good piss
off uh what's her name Jonah
you bloody gay now it's just me versus
Abdul he's got only $230 what are you
bloody poor bloody pussy don't say hi to
me but say okay a 2 and a 4 okay um yeah
me name okay he's got a 10 and a 3 and
I've got a 2 and a 4
oh this is gonna be close wait a 3 and a
4 I've got a 2 and a 4 3 Bitcoin I beat
you up doors yes ladies and gentlemen
all players have been busting out I've
won $1,000 whoa whoa fucking everyone
else yes they leave the delivered and
the walls doing I know how to play poker
don't don't don't criticize me in the
comments assholes
okay ladies gentlemen what we're gonna
do now is we are going to end it by
doing an outpost okay
now the difficulty of my game is set on
very hard don't believe me there you go
oh shit here we are rather help
I can see they've trapped poor is the
bear proud you're gonna let me out
please
I will Boris the bear I swear but I need
to be smart about this
Brandon you gotta let me out here it's
the only way we could do this out both
you're right Boris okay okay I may let
Boris go
all right everyone's distracted go right
now we make a move yes Brandon I will
kill everyone go boys go go get them
shit never go I remember the stuff you
did to me Brandon oh shit now boys oh
wait you bloody shit mates
you bloody lie to me okay enough messing
around let's do this properly
you
do it bitch okay baby
okay ladies gentlemen I'm gonna start
playing now uh I just wanted to return
to Far Cry 3 you know because I missed
the goddamn game you know like I was
done with Far Cry 4 and I still felt
like playing the game and I I still
think Far Cry 3 is a better game I love
it it's so pretty and beautiful and
lovely and nice and I like it
but anyway guys uh yeah probably not
going to do any more Far Cry 3 or 4
anymore
but yeah I hope you enjoyed never less
anyway oh it guys so much for watching
and yeah I will see you in a next video
man see you later guys
I love you oh boy okay bye now
