Oh everyone how's everyone doing is
messy selfie and the daily gentleman we
are popping in yet again to GTA 5 this
is the weekly series where we check out
all of the week's latest mods and today
lays down I've got some good I've got
some shit I've got some weird I've got
some funny mods I've got so much mods I
don't even know where to start so well
where do I start
ok ok Travie ok ok where do we start
have you guys ever wanted to write a day
no well now you can do that sensitive is
that sensitive ever semester didn't
expect
dun dun dun dun okay well uh banned
detained me for a whole five seconds
okay ladies gentlemen the next mod is
the Call of Duty killstreak mod let's
get into a Call of Duty game three four
all
show no mercy okay ladies gentlemen
let's go first we need a three kill
streak die bitch die gonna freeze to
kill streak we can now call in our UAV
so next is a fire kill streak and we get
to call in an asteroid strike would you
feel
air strike we can clear a mark okay
let's call in this air strike okay where
do we want to place it I'm gonna place
it right here
okay but that's not my last kill streak
ladies and gentlemen we need a 25 kill
streak for a new
shiny
me
new Kazan ready for launch
okay let's gentlemen I'm gonna call in
my practical look it's very balanced
okay three two one
holy shit
okay enough messing around there is no
UAV mod but there is an airstrike mod
when you press f pen it brings up this
bloody shit menu okay and you can call
in an airstrike and it basically just
like fires rockets from the sky but if I
press space rocket what what my Dave my
game what okay well that's the airstrike
mod even not even know what's going on
and the new quad that I've got installed
replaces the fireworks launcher with a
god damn nuke look this guy thinks he's
gonna bloody escape not rude a holy
blood he shed okay let's anyone what we
are doing now is we are heading over to
the Baba not to get a shitty haircut but
people have now finally started to have
custom player skins most of them are
bloody shit but I found a couple of good
ones there we go and just okay I am now
the Joker this is probably the best so
far from what they've made it's pretty
good Trevor
looks like a good god damn Joker now we
can also get the suit if we change to
our tuxedo so if we go over here look
the green and purple tuxedo by the god
damn Joker now this lathe gentlemen does
look pretty cool look at Trevor see is a
sassy Joker look at him go now I have
found a couple other us skin changing
mods oh I'll show you them right now
no stupid in the twat is super
okay guys I don't think I installed the
mod right because I think I messed oh my
god okay I've clearly gone somewhere
wrong this is meant to be a Superman mom
not the god damn the creepiest okay see
what I mean
guys the mods right now not that great
okay okay ladies gentlemen the next Lord
we are going to check out it's not
really a funny mod but it is actually a
really cool mod it is the open imperious
mod now basically all around the map of
GTA there are these areas that were
never used and one is the best is the
Bahama Mama's so this mod basically
allows you to enter areas that you
couldn't before so there's this club for
Harvard's mamas and you don't you can't
enter it anywhere in the game but this
lady this mod allows you to anchor it
and it's got like a full interior look
at this guy's it is equally blown club
now the reason why I'm showing you this
is because I would love like a club DLC
in a future update because in Ballad of
Gay Tony which was the gta4 days when
they added clubs remember I made a video
to that that that DLC was the shit only
because of the goddamn Club okay so if
they add this look how cool it is like
it's got a full interior I'm really
angry that they didn't use it and it
makes me wonder why's that they didn't
use it you know like they probably we're
going to include it in but then they ran
out of time I don't know but there's
like a whole bunch of area so
yeah I would love either update to use
this or a mod so go ahead modest
do me proud make a club mod yeah okay
let's do the next mod again we are going
to check out is another trainer called
the n de voir mod nu and de voir it is
French and so basically it's an
alternative trainer now the reason why
I'm showing you this is because I
personally think is a lot better than
the native trainer we have on the side
the reason why I think is fellas because
it's got like loads of mods all built
into one
I must boil in a bunch of Lester's now I
think if I spawn too much it will break
the game holy shit the freights broken
out between the two Lester's oh another
one got attacked fighting oh shit okay
can you stop hitting me please don't
make me call in my nuke okay spawning
this may Lester's gives me a good idea
okay I just killed everyone another cool
thing about this end of wah mod is that
they allows you to do animations so
there's these cool things that you can
do you can animate your character so you
can you can have sex like look at this
shit
this is sex receiver and this is sex Gib
like why I can even poll dogs who
without a pole god damn it
look at Franklin he is so sexy working
that pole
yeah yeah okay this may be a little bit
too sexy for my liking
okay Franklin can you stop defying the
laws of physics right now I kind of
scare me out okay and we've also got
dance which is this I'm moving yeah yeah
we've got take a dump music which is
frankly just staring at the floor
he's like god dammit I forgot my iPhone
we've also got celebrate yay what is
this we've got chop piss but oh my
goodness
okay what about chopped having sex
oh okay ladies gentlemen that is all the
mods that I found for this week some
pretty good ones and some pretty crappy
if you guys want to suggest me any mods
you want me to do that just in the
comment section and I'll think about
doing it so anyway guys I'm gonna upload
a next GTA 5 video at 10,000 likes and
yeah anyway guys only thing so much
watching and I'll see you in the next
video man see you later guys I love you
for
