hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mr. Salva and the day ladies
gentlemen I vomited with another vlog
get she's pretty face yes again you are
one lucky son mother
so yeah I'm popping in with another vlog
I love recording vlogs now and again I
try to do it once a week but I always
end up missing a week alright don't
leave me alone so what I've been running
out of ideas for vlogs so since I
haven't done it in such a long time I
thought I would go and read out some of
your cool weird stupid name YouTube
comments um yeah um so I'm les let's
just start you should be an actor cuz
you are really good at acting voices I
am am I a what one minute raelia one gig
right now this Jamaican have smoking his
big ass or tonight we are gonna hear
something in the morning i ah bonjour je
m'appelle miss yourself ah just we let
the deer shit dead but Dubois ha ha
dah all you Americans is just the same
not one of you will survive in my brush
in Mother Russia we're a pedo bear what
did you just blow D say are you making
fun out of my Indian ass than you bloody
got a bench or your bloody piece of
bloody shit Johnny could show me are you
ready for a wank down at the pub okay I
think this is probably the most racist
video ever made you making you happy
thank you for making me happy thank you
so much Jesus Christ
mr. self you need a girlfriend can I
fill that slot well I'm pretty open to
the idea yeah I am granites girlfriend
hello everyone Stacey here I am ran
skull fracture sorry for all the
fangirls
he's taken okay don't take away my man
don't you get away moment oh yeah I
forgot about you Stacey see me and
Stacey we're within a we've been going
through some relationship problems
yeah me and mesh yourself don't sleep in
the same bed anymore I'm starting to
think he doesn't love me anymore you've
got that right bitch mess yourself I
honestly don't know how you do it you
make everyone laugh with your energy I
can't wait for the next GTA 5 video stay
awesome well if you did know Brian I
take cocaine okay cocaine is the way for
me to feel energized stop doing cocaine
don't tell me what to do you're god damn
bitch why's mr. self so sexy and kawaii
well he's gentlemen I was born with it
so sorry for all you ugly people out
there Brandon you are brilliant and this
comment has 45 thumbs up thank you
finally someone agrees with my brilliant
nurse miss miss this house tour and
family I guess you want me to show you
them the house tour I'm not gonna do
pretty soon in another video
and as for family my family as in my mum
and my dad they don't like YouTube to be
honest they never really support it as
much as I wanted to wanted them do and
to be honest they're kind of scary but I
don't know why but as you remember from
my showing you my baby pictures video I
do have two sisters and I've been
meaning to do a video with them because
they are very open to the idea so I'm
gonna set a light goal of 15,000 likes
if we reach that leg gentlemen I'll
bring my two sisters on for the next
vlog and we are going to make a video
together okay so if you guys are
interest in that like the goddamn video
ok I'm not the header but you scare me a
lot how dare you say such a thing if you
are reading this had a good masturbation
session did not what what ha ha ha
like if mesh yourselves laugh makes you
laugh really I hate you so much Brandon
you're so stupid I dumb and you suck
donkey ass ha ha ha
I sucked donkey ass ha ha ok ha ha ha
does anyone know just the mesh is so hot
in the background at the very beginning
of the video well the background today
is pedo bear but Falaise gentleman he is
right I had been shopping secretly in
some of my gaming videos a mesh yourself
hat um it taken me quite a while to do
it but I have been working on some
merchandise this is a mesh so fat so far
it's a work in progress I'm actually
working on t-shirts right now at the
moment so um yeah right now this is the
mesh yourself hat it's got like the mesh
yourself Tex logo on the side and it's
basically just a normal snapback it's a
work in progress at the moment
okay but it will be on sale very soon a
gentlemen look forward to it
okay ladies gentlemen that is the end of
reading comments I swear you guys so
much for leaving me awesome comments as
always like I went I went through a
phase where I stopped replying to
comments and I now have started to do it
again so are in the comments down below
if you want to leave me a comment I am
gonna try my best to reply to everyone
now I'm probably gonna forget now I'm
gonna do it for the day that is uploaded
uh but yeah if you want to cut feel free
and yeah anyway guys are when they go
soldier watching remember next block
could be a video of my sister's soul
15,000 likes but anyway guys oh thanks
so much watching and I'll see you in the
next video my SIA letter guys I love you
with all my heart
ba ba ba I bye
piss off
