what the bloody shit you don't get it
everyone how's everyone doing it is mash
yourself Hey look how good-looking I
look today
ladies gentlemen I'm joking okay
but today listen we are back with the
sims 4 slut she is planning some weed
yeah yeah that's right ladies gentlemen
I added some planting things look at
slut she's so happy growing that weed
yeah look at her magic mushrooms okay
we're gonna eat that we're gonna feel
funny in the morning hey hey hey
so ladies and gentlemen we are family
backward Josh seems folks sorry this
took me such a long time to make another
video on a lot of other stuff that came
up which was more important but we are
fun they're back and we're gonna carry
on today like we did last episode which
slots scientists career now the
scientists career has so much bloody
shit we still need to do so I'm properly
excited what happened last episode lost
episode oh yeah we got the bloody slut
ray it's in my inventory basically the
slut ray allows me to transform random
shit to ran other random shit and allow
me to freeze people I wonder if I can
freeze my bloody anus what are you
laughing at you bloody shit god damn
babies I'm pretty sure this is child
abuse
so uh baby sluts frozen Brannan's frozen
donut it's frozen nugget it's frozen and
now bloody anus is frozen well I guess
we should go to work here we are baby we
are back in the lab now I'll fast
forward the the scientists career a bit
so we've unlocked a new stuff and I
could see from the
left-hand corner it says up great the
SEM ray with mind control what oh you
kidding me so we put the same Ray back
into the invention constructor and then
we upgrade it shed
what's gonna happen now oh whoa we are
creating the no sim reign we can
mind-control anyone we want we will
first start off with baby sluts then my
family then the President of the United
States I mean what we did it we upgraded
the slut rate when war does this dude
you can just mind-control them to change
your outfit well that's just bloody said
I don't get this new SIM ray is this
really
I don't get it slut
you need to bloody well calm down okay
okay so now I can invent a satellite
dish
what oh my god is that it did we do it
did we invent it assess the satellite
dish okay I'm gonna put it here now what
do we do
neighborhood hive mind
the hell this will bring the aliens
around maybe they'll even us no no no I
don't really care that much
what's a neighborhood hive mind I don't
understand
angry town bladder epidemic dance party
habit what is this
okay let's do a bloody dance party will
this mean that everyone will start
dancing what the bloody shit you don't
get it yeah she's like come on Barry
come on I don't want any addition can we
just have a conversation without you
flirting with me okay that's the end of
the day straight did a fantastic job oh
yeah baby
okay I'm gonna fast-forward to the next
day I want to see what the other things
do that's fun that's funny
okay ladies gentlemen here we go moral
choices there comes a choice
when one must become a been elegant
scientist or a malefactor of knowledge
good and evil
that sort of day
will you help your fellow scientists or
foil them
at every
holy bloody shit what the hell do you
mean by that
okay let's play around with Austin
satellite dish again so last time I did
hate neighborhood hive mind which
basically like brainwashes everyone so I
did dance party last time should I do
a knockout Oh what does knockout do okay
here we go here we go now Burnie is
telling me to yell ah a tourist what
there's tourists see where they're
tourists I didn't know there's tourists
in the game are these bloody tourists is
what the bloody hell's going on slut
just randomly sits with these strangers
eating a bloody I don't know what the
holidays oh my gosh coming on now pop
slot bloody shed you bloody shit you
messed with the wrong person
okay let's go back to work it's a new
dawn it's a new day and I'm feeling good
okay so for the satellite we've already
done all the rest of them except for
bladder epidemic now I'm pretty sure
this would make everyone want to do a
pee-pee so I've only got one toilet okay
there it goes now who is going to get to
the toilet first oh it's a race to the
toilet it's a race of the toilet that's
like I don't need a pee I peed this
morning oh no look at them all he's like
yeah baby
I made it fast yeah yeah you see the
face this is the face of me doing a pee
look at this guy she's like I'm not even
gonna bloody ask okay guys apparently I
can create a potion called celebrity
okay now similar Foley alright if you
drink this it makes your sim slim here
we go it was I look it up they still
maintain that is move that ice oh I'm
dreaming about that Isis Oh baby Lodi
yes yeah yeah
praise the Lord - praise the ass god
damn it slut you do have a fine ass so
guys I'm back now I took a little bit of
a break now the thing with this a
scientist career I want to show you
everything that you can do in it but it
just takes so long like you unlock
everything so long so I don't know I'm
gonna try and show you everything in
today
video okay guys let's go to goddamn work
okay ladies general what I have done is
I have fast forward to the end of the
scientist career now it took me I've got
bloody well a long time okay but what I
have invented is I have invented a
cloning machine which allows me to clone
anything I bloody well want but that's
not what I wanted to show you I want to
show you that you can clone Sims oh my
goodness give me the option who to clone
should I call slut no no slut
there's two sluts oh my god damn meeting
for the first time
Oh sucks abouna indeed
oh my bloody god I can't believe this
one of my dad what the hell have I done
her name's Callie what Callie much
slutty what the hell come on damn it
Kelly mix Lottie slug I don't know oh my
god I just realized Kelly is joining us
Kelly will be a part of the family is
telling me I can play the mirror game
what's that okay here's the mirror game
okay we are back home with Kelly Kelly's
gonna follow us home I don't trust Kelly
what oh okay I almost slightly change
what Kelly looks like because I don't
wanna miss I don't want to keep mistaken
out for slut what makes me happy
fill me up with sleep those bones in my
job don't have a flaw my shiny teeth and
me
shiny teeth back
you know the walk the smile doesn't see
me
Kalli ladies and gentlemen change to
hurl a gentleman
you know how slut looks like she's a
mother now she's starting she's trying
to get care about her kids you know
she's no longer a slut
well Kelly lace gentlemen she is the no
slut bloody guys look at this shit she
is a fan sexy piece of Hayase look this
is just her swimwear healthy wait till I
change to her regular outfit
look at this sir bias Kelly you are the
new slut look at her she is so happy
she's like yeah I would slap I am the
new slot so late cinnamon that being
done I am going to end the video here
that has been assumes full scientist
career there's there's some more stuff
to do but it takes so long to just
unlock it all I really wanted to do this
whole toughest ode was a clothesline but
I hope you enjoyed nevertheless and what
I want you guys to do is I want to
comment down below her name we can give
for Kelly I quite like Kelly Kelly looks
slutty I like it you know but I'm gonna
let you guys decide so comment down
below and yeah once we hit 10,000 likes
I'll upload next episode next episode
we're gonna follow nugget to be a
goddamn doctor you don't think I don't
think I start watching and I'll see you
in a next put your mind
see you later guys love you
