Oh Oh everyone how's everyone doing is
mr. Salvi hey guys how's everyone doing
at the day ladies gentlemen I am popping
in with another vlog that's right and
today ladies gentlemen is a very special
day for me because it is my birthday
ladies and gentlemen oh happy birthday
to me happy birthday to me oh god damn
it he's crying again so ladies gentlemen
to celebrate my 20th birthday that's
right I am now 20 years old so I've been
thinking what should I do for my 20th
birthday and I thought of a good idea I
went and dug up some old baby riches
above me and I thought it would be a
good video idea to react to them now I
haven't seen these pictures in a goddamn
long time and they're gonna be proper
embarrassing but you know what it's my
birthday
why the hell not let's just do it so hey
ladies gentlemen is the first picture of
the god damn mash yourself
oh now on this day a hero was born duck
would shake all of mankind on the
Internet and here we have my sister
meeting me for the first time I'm like
god damn I'm gonna have to spend the
rest of my life with this thing god damn
it whatever leave it is that look at me
now I'm like kill me okay I may even
hear I'm like I still don't know what
the hell this is next to me oh that's a
cute picture if you guys didn't know I
do have two older sisters and there they
are there oh I like that picture that's
a key one what
haha look at me in a god damn basket oh
this is my basket okay no one goes in
this basket cept me
this is my ha ha ha and this bitch I'm
like whoa if you only get a picture me
you better ask my permission okay
that's me after had one of the best
meals of my entire life I'm not yeah I
just ate everything in the goddamn house
mm-hmm
yeah I'm happy as can be I ate so much
ha ha ha I'm so cute this is me as a
picture of me when I joined my first of
a gang we were called the blue bandana
babies the BBB reppin the BBB this is me
learning how to eat an ice cream for the
very first time and as you can see uh I
still haven't got the hang of it I wish
no god damn baby what happened to me now
seriously I wish I was a baby being a
baby
is just the best thing ever now this uh
was I think one of my first Christmases
ha ha ha ha ha I look like I'm in the
mob you're soft they look at them what
kind of outfit is that look at me I'm so
fat oh look at me now I'm like what do
you mean you don't have my money ha ha
ha my face is like what the shall we say
my name I know what's going on who the
hell wrote me it is better time come on
now here's a picture of me I have in my
very first beer by the age of 1 uh as
you see my parents did not give a shit
what the hell it's that I think this is
like my first or second birthday
look at my face my face yeah I'm like ok
now we are moving on to my very first
day of school in my first day of school
my little school uniform if you guys
didn't know in England you actually have
to wear school uniforms and yeah oh my
good
- how the hell did this end up here okay
well what is the picture of me in a
bathtub god dammit I seem so happy look
at that face I'm not yeah yeah but damn
bitches oh my god I just realized this
is gonna be on the internet forever
isn't it oh my god okay yah-yah-yah when
you see that ass
oh yeah you wanna see that is me and my
sister yeah are we on the runway okay we
are strong enough stop oh now that's a
key picture my little sister giving me a
little kiss you on the cheek yeah that's
what I'm talking about baby
look at me oh my bad God now why does
Brian look like he's about to drop the
hose mix table the 2015 dynamite on the
go oh and hit me when I first came back
from school I was like mama older girls
were on me
okay I was super popular everyone want
to be my friend yeah you know how it is
I'm just chillin you know how it is okay
so I think now these pictures are from
my fifth birthday or something like that
but uh yeah ahaha these are my these
were my two best friends now why does
Brandon look so grumpy though Brandon
it's your goddamn birthday be happy
Jesus hahaha
and here is me cutting my birthday cake
oh my goodness yeah I look exactly same
mmm-hmm unbelievable that like this time
today
like 15 years ago I was taking this
pitch someone's taking this picture of
me cutting the cake that's pretty pretty
crazy and there we go ladies gentlemen
we are back with the very first photo so
guys that was me at showing you guys
some baby pictures of me oh it's always
a quite cool to see without where you've
come from it's pretty pretty crazy
anyway guys I'm gonna anybody oh here um
because I've got birthday stuff to do eg
edit this video so yeah it'd be cool if
we could if you could like the video
that's all I ask
as a birthday present let's see if we
could hit uh twenty thousand do you
think we could do it
I usually ask for 10,000 but since my
birthday
come on guys please it's all I ever
wanted was 20,000 likes but anyway guys
I hope you enjoyed this it was fun for
me and yeah see you guys in the next
video man thinks I was watching good ah
whoa
