ah
Oh everyone how is everyone doing it is
messy hey yeah baby and today I am super
duper excited to be making this video
right now we are back with GTA 5 we are
gonna be doing some more modding today
now today I have a very special mod
isn't that right faggot Roger over there
so happy Trevor get the hell out what
how you do it basically what what we are
doing today lazy gentlemen we are doing
the car you're getting mod now it's not
called the Carmageddon mod is called
something else but basically it's
exactly the same so basically if I press
Start it gives me a whole bunch of
options of what type of mod we want to
do now I haven't tried out any of these
but we have the suck smash the push
smash that explode the smash the
variation smash this sucks much again oh
we already said that but I don't know
what any of these do so where should we
start
okay let's start with smash Oh what the
hell is Mike doing oh my god oh my oh
two guys
have I done what have I done oh my god
I'm gonna look at this car look at this
car it's much much okay okay calm down
I'm scared I'm gonna be good I don't
know what's going on guys stay calm stay
calm stay calm
okay i think that was explode let's try
smash what the hell just happened then
what okay guys i tried to spawn a
vehicle in and for some reason where did
it go okay I'm gonna try this shit again
god damn it so can i really not spawn a
vehicle i guess not every man for
himself
every man for himself there's a oh my
god okay okay calm down okay guys we're
gonna try the other ones
okay that was variation smash what is
suck smash okay i enabled it sucks not
out
Wow
okay I think I know what sucks smashes I
thinks truck are I think cars are
attracted to me is that right this is
weird don't trust out this is weird I
don't trust okay the one card Jesus
Christ
well this is just great this is just
great okay
I don't know what to do I don't know
what to expect but I'm I'm just I'm oh
my god what the bloody hell have I done
oh okay that was the suck smash where
all the cars get attracted to me but
it's not all the cause it's randomly so
you don't know which ones okay but that
okay let's try push mash okay so now
what I think oh shit
now I think if I walk towards cars they
will push out okay I think cars
randomly get pushed out of my way yeah
look you can see it okay so I think this
is like the safe version bye bye bye bye
guys bye bye well this is just crazy
this is just bad this is bad
okay I'm gonna enable suck smash because
I believe suck smashed was the craziest
because that it sucks cause auto okay
okay okay
okay so what I have done ladies
gentleman is I have set a waypoint all
the way up here to an ATV race okay now
because I want to see what will happen
to the cars if I do a race but the
question is can I even get to that
bloody race oh my good look look at that
car look at that car because I car no no
I want it I want this car okay I get it
I get it I get it okay guys I've set
myself with a new challenge I am going
to disable invincibility boom okay let's
see how long we can last
okay that was close but it's okay okay
maybe we should get a car maybe we
should get a car okay once we're in a
class surely we won't die after that but
the question is which cause safe this
car looks pretty safe now okay just off
weapons get off oh my god I don't know
how long that was I think it was like 40
seconds can I please just not die please
shut up you fatty oh my god
okay well the car just took a bit to
come out for me come on I just got out
I'm doing it I'm doing it okay
okay these cars look normal can I just
get in one place no no no no no no no no
this is where it all starts isn't it
this is what will start I don't know one
my just bloody thing okay stop stop no
good there's a car there's a car guys no
okay if I die one more time I'm enabling
invincibly again oh okay okay okay I'll
enable invincibility okay you win your
god damn when I spot a car please oh my
god what the bloody shit okay if I just
look at a vehicle will it come at me I
think that's what happens guys if you
look at vehicle to log it starts
charging at you say for example this van
oh no way
maybe it doesn't what about that bad I
don't trust it oh there we go
and what if I just go super fast huh
look super fast okay this biscuit what
flying sure we can fly there yeah yes
guys we're doing it this is the secret
all we need to do was fly so now we've
only got three more miles to cook
every time I talk it all goes to bloody
shit just what race I just want to race
that's all I want that's all I ever
wanted can I just get in the freeway
okay
I'm on the freeway now we're gonna wait
for a car to be nice enough to stop stop
stop
shit okay stay calm stay calm stay calm
just avoid all the cars that is madness
this is just madness can you please not
any please not I'm stuck Trevor's stuck
travelers just spazzing out now I've
broken him I've broken him oh no it's
fine okay I can see my car again just
get the car just get the car just get
the car yes now stay calm nobody needs
to get hurt
nobody I'm not gonna leave this tunnel
am I I'm not why would I go in the
tunnel bike bike bike bike bike bike
bike get the bike get the bike get the
bike get the bike get the bike no no no
please it was the bike I see the bike I
see the bike get the bike in the bucket
the bucket the bike no why would you run
into man you stupid girl get the bike in
the bike get the bike get the bike get
the bike
oh shit no oh bike but I'm gonna give up
now I just got the bike the bike the
bike
the bike the bike the white get up get
up what now destroy the by my warlords
Johnson hope and you just destroyed it
can I just leave can I just get out and
just go around I'm out I'm out
and now am i I'm out I'm out I'm out I'm
out okay I am NOT going in the tunnel of
death anymore we just need to find
another way round
now the race is here put away my gun did
I do it
are these are these cars are these cars
okay I can do it I could do it fucking
race two one go is is it the cause they
don't do anything this is um this is
what this is what I spent all this time
trying to get to all right guys this has
been damn signs am i but this has been
the Carmageddon mod it's bloody crazy
it's just bloody crazy I can't have any
words for it you're kind of fun with
this it's bloody yeah we'll flip it
Barney you up okay I need to calm down
thank you guys so much watching this has
been another gta5 mod I'll put a link to
it down description and anyway guys yeah
I hope you enjoyed this GTA 5 video I'm
trying to upload more GTA 5 videos
because I'm having a lot of fun with it
especially since the mods are coming out
so when we reach 10,000 likes I will
upload another GTA 5 mod video Oh
so better girls aren't liking but any
other guys I want to thank you so much
watching and I'll see you
in the next video man see you later guys
love you bar boy
