everyone how is everyone doing and
Lucky's accompanying me today hello
everyone its mr. self here and today I
am back with another video with my sexy
beautiful face today we are doing
something that I've been so excited to
do ever since I heard that GTA 5 is
coming to pc today we are playing GTA 5
with the all coolness rift in the
first-person mode now just adjusted to
just the sound of that sounds amazing
okay so without wasting any of your time
and we are in the world of GTA holy crap
it actually doesn't look bad guys Jesus
Christ
I hope it lasts Santos look I can see
that car type Isis
look how realistic is hey girls are you
on the phone - shut up oh shit I miss
you television plays a city's become
that's right cat I gotcha I killed it oh
what's mittens
I'm so sorry mittens I just want to see
if I could do it with the oculus rift
that I can I can't live with myself I'm
going to have to commit suicide
I'm sorry mittens okay ladies gentlemen
we are now playing with Franklin and
it's a reason why I wanted to play with
Franklin is because I want to say hello
to chop sure
long time no see Brandon will do you a
couple ever-present its Prince so long
reunited and it feels so good when you
die because we understood Wes all food a
day
spread shut the hell up man you can't
see I've told you several times Jesus
Christ chop even in first person your
shit looks absolutely massive
you're just a bloody shitty dog aren't
you so what we're gonna do now is I'm
gonna take the chop to come with me and
we're gonna go to the beach because I
the one of the things I wanna do in real
life is go to the beach in LA and I
can't do it because I'm poor okay
but we could do it with the oculus rift
so that's all we gonna do baby come on
get in the car okay this looks this is
pretty weird now
chop is in the car with me so adorable
or I try to hurry up and drive okay chop
calm the hell down okay okay driving in
first person is pretty rich I'm not
gonna lie I still content over how cute
I'll shake god damnit chop is so
adorable I can't concentrate on the god
damn road but I still oh shit no chopper
you're right Brad dude I don't have my
driver's license yet so like this is so
bad there's just so much to concentrate
on oh shit okay stop sign don't worry
chop I know stop signs
oh shit car there I don't wanna get run
over this is guys it's really scary I'm
actually getting quite good now chop
we're going on the motorway now okay
shit okay my main task is to just not
die and they're on the way to a shit
chop chop I'm sorry I get so worried it
no job again okay okay chop stay calm
okay just don't die on me holy shit
that's scary
oh Jesus Christ okay here we are guys
Beach reach up oh my goodness this is
amazing why do I need to ever go outside
when I could just play this people are
here it's so realistic hey but the way
you hold back the way we write the way
you piece of shit do not know have we
write the goddamn way did I start any
fights with anyone
oh oh oh shit fight aah
chop chop what are you doing okay well
oh right over there goes black man
what's that shit go that guy okay let me
help him okay okay chop he's dead he's
dead oh shit okay he's dead dude look at
this guy just don't cold killer look at
him go hey how that guy died
well anyway moving on look at all these
people working out Jesus Christ look at
the muscles on this go Jesus Christ
they're gonna go Oh dad ass dad ass oh
oh shit
hello young girl ah what'd you get Missy
would be well she's dead anyway moving
on whoa now look guys look this
beautiful god damn sunset I never
thought not seeing a sunset
with the oculus rift this goddamn you
chop-chop where you going alright chop
you want to blow yo yeah bro no wonder
bull go for the bulb
alright chop fetch oh I've gotta save
the game apparently go fetch boy Oh drop
the ball there we go good boy are you so
cool
let's go visible again look where we are
now Los Santos hey what are you doing
help me okay well there you go now this
looks pretty cool this is so cool guys
honest to god this is so cool I love
this so much
whoa now look at this view lace
gentlemen this looks absolutely goddamn
beautiful
okay guys where we are now is we are at
the highest point in GTA Mount chiliad
oh my goodness this looks absolutely
crazy okay what we're gonna do guys is
we're gonna skydive it with the
orchestra
now what I would imagine this would be
absolutely amazing okay remember my
parachute yeah that's gonna come in
handy oh shit okay the front roll does
not look cool it with oculus rift but
holy crap guys did I ever tell you I
don't like Heights did I ever tell you I
don't like Heights oh my
there we go
okay well that was freaky oh my god okay
look how beautiful this is icon so
amazing how beautiful it is like look at
this kill it
god damn kill a whole shit shit holy
shit holy shit okay well speaking of
panthus what we're gonna do now is we're
gonna go and do some good old-fashioned
hunting okay be on the lookout guys
because these animals could be anywhere
there could be a guard a panther a
goddamn elk or a goddamn piggy
either one he's getting shot oh that he
sounded like a goddamn elk oh there she
is
goddamn okay easy easy
got a little bitch Jesus Christ
god dammit Trevor could you not fall
please it does not look right with the
oculus rift okay Oh guys it's Bambi's
mother oh wait what happened to baby's
mother again everybody died that's what
happened I hear something
guys I'm scared
I hope footsteps and I'm pretty sure it
wasn't mine oh don't trip
damn okay baby here we go we are now
switch to Micah I look I have my very
own mansion like seriously like I can
pretend that I lived here like I can
live in a cardboard box and just have an
oculus rift and like I can live wherever
I want
look at this place look at my pictures
there's me and Amanda my wedding that
was my birthday last year that's my mama
and Dada I love you mama
should we smoke some weed yeah baby 420
blaze it come on Michael
what who are you talking to go Amanda
who are you talking to know what guys
this is the life man I could just sit
here watch TV
smoke me cigar in my million-dollar
mansion goddamn it guys this is the life
you know I I could even change the
channel okay okay this is too realistic
for me oh shit baby it is now time to
get drunk like literally you could do
anything with this game like you can't
even get drugs like why would I even get
drugs ever in real life I could just get
drunk at video games this is amazing
okay you know what guys
oh shit look at me walk you know what
guys this is Miss has given me a good
idea you know let's go drunk driving
okay so my drunkenness is probably gonna
run out so I think if you type in liquor
you get yeah yeah okay now we're fully
drunk okay wish me luck
oh shit oh shit stay calm stay calm so
go know what I'm just gonna keep on
driving with my middle finger up screw
you guys okay I don't care if I'm drunk
driving there's no law against this oh
my goodness oh oh hey there pretty lady
go oh wait what what is she doing uh
guys guys
what have I got myself need two guys how
oh shit guys
listen girl I'm sure you were very nice
lady and all but I'm a married man with
it with kids
um okay which is the cancel button again
oh shit no no no no no no respect for
yourself well this is pretty awkward oh
shit
did she just wicked me oh okay okay you
know what that seems like a good time
anyway guys I'm gonna end the video
there that was GTA 5 with the okhla
strip it's absolutely amazing if you
guys want me to do more then give it a
thumbs up let's see if we can hit 10,000
likes like after today is the return of
GTA 5 videos I'm gonna be doing plenty
of GTA 5 videos from now on so be
excited for that so when we reach 10,000
likes I will do another GTA video anyway
guys or one thank you so much watching
say goodbye rocky rocky look at the
camera take a bow and guys so it's
watching I'll see you in next video man
this is quite a so depressing ocean
