how is everyone doing it is mr. selfie
your missus cute little face dunya
you're mistaking yeah
so today Lowe's gentlemen I'll pop it in
that's right for another floor again at
a common belong time I did a vlog so
today I've got a very special video and
I got I can't wait to film it so
basically there is this thing on YouTube
going around at the moment where
youtubers are watching their old videos
now I didn't really record that many
videos as a kid I don't really care that
much about pictures or videos I really
got into filmmaking and videos when I
started YouTube which was like three
years ago and I got into filmmaking when
I took Media Studies when I was in
school but yeah so I did some digging
and I found two videos one homemade and
another like a like a we are attempt of
being professional I think I was in year
8 at the time or grade 7 so I don't know
how old I was then probably about 1213 I
don't know but yeah we're gonna go play
now all my goodness is gonna be so
embarrassing
the hee-jae productions we will call BJ
productions because we did it with my
friend Joe and my name is Brandon so we
added the B and J but yeah we secretly
know what BJ meant so yeah we did this
for a school project I don't know what
it was for I can't remember
bye okay there we go okay this is not
nice my friend he's playing golf in a
jungle oh my good I can I have to play
that again I don't have to play that
again okay so we're in like a war zone
I think it's Vietnam okay that's me with
a gun oh shit oh I'm gonna get attacked
by my friend oh oh shit oh my goodness
funny about this oh no private watch out
oh shit okay this is like a trailer oh
my goodness
starring me are his the credits are this
is funny I hated myself as a kid I was
so annoying with my high-pitched voice I
wish I was a kid again oh my god oh my
god that's so so funny I can't believe
we made that Jesus Christ I wish I made
more videos as a kid that's so funny
oh my goodness it's so embarrassing
though as a kid I was so annoying oh my
goodness I was one of those loser kids
that no one talked to that it was so
weird so me and my friends we were
having a sleepover at my house and my
friends thought it would be funny to
film them throwing a glass of water on
me while I was sleeping and there's me
sleeping on the couch I'm like okay here
they go oh no Brad watch out look
so ugly what's up I was so annoying as a
kid but um yeah like I said oh yeah I
didn't film any videos when I was a kid
I really wish I did though because now
that I grow up now that I've grown up
I've sort of realized that when I was a
kid it was the best moments of my life
and I'm pretty sure every single person
over 18 would say that you know like if
you are a kid watching this like really
really cherish these moment and be happy
okay these moments are the best of your
life and you won't believe me I tell you
I really like such an old man anyway
guys I want to thank you guys so much
watching for this quick short vlog it
would be awesome if we could hit 10,000
likes because come on guys this is so
embarrassing for me to show you this
guy's got you so much work to find that
one video the first video okay but yeah
I hope you enjoyed never less and yeah I
will see you guys in the next video
thank you guys so much watching buh-bye
