Oh everyone how is everyone doing it is
mr. self and today ladies gentlemen we
are finally back with the seams though
your your your the last episode we went
to space we went to a strange alien
planet and we've now got an alien baby
ok I'll cover that in a second but
before I do you may have noticed there's
something different on with my house
well basically the guys at EA were like
you know what we need to make Sims 4
even crazier
we are gonna allow you to have another
floor ok and now I have added another
floor they've also added basements now
in the game but I'm I'm currently
working on my basement so I don't want
to show you guys but I have added a new
god damn floor in my house and you're
gonna see
but look at this goddamn new floor that
is nothing special but over here guys we
have got our very own photography
room okay if you wanna take pictures you
can't you can't okay okay look
so now that I've calmed down lost
episode we had a baby an alien baby and
look at him looking all blue and shit so
I asked you guys to name a name for this
baby and I read the comments and you
call me crazy and weird and stupid okay
the comments the names you guys
suggested for babies will go down great
let's read some of the comments that you
guys suggested name the baby shit face
or pass holler what does that even mean
name the baby Illuminati confirmed
illuminate yes Shaw
name the baby space fetus sure oh it's
born it's not a penis anymore ass color
eye color ask color name the baby
asteroid tits call the baby slightly
shanky or Missy and mistake II shaggy
shaggy come from where did Schanke
Schanke come from I don't know and then
we've got Kennedy over here saying I
think why would I kill my baby's name it
cheese pizza cake or one potato pie I'm
done do you want me to walk out the room
again I'm done okay that's all the
comments that I'm going to read today
all right but a lot of you guys
suggested this name Uranus
all right I hope you didn't mean
anything dirty by that I hope what you
meant is the planet or I've realized you
can't rename the sim if it's a baby so
we're gonna age up this goddamn baby
okay here we go we're going to age up
the alien
welcome to the family you ravers okay so
aliens in this game that got down wait
okay so if you click on them it can give
you the option to disguise yourself or
to alter your disguise
so if I click disguise yourself Uranus
look like Jew so I could alter these
guys wait so that means I can make a
look like what I want oh I could decide
what she can look like when she's in
disguise now that's pretty cool all
right shut up you know what guys I think
this is the one child of mine that I
don't hate Oh No she's crying over the
door house use mine of your stomach out
I changed my mind
okay so last episode we didn't get
chance to go to work that last our point
of this video is to check out the new
get to work DLC so I've been really so
many guys comments and you guys want me
to follow Brandon to work being a
detective okay
rather than the other options so we're
gonna do that first but we need to wait
for him to actually it for it's time to
go to work okay ladies gentlemen it is
now time
duty calls the world is a never-ending
set
full of crime and crime and in time for
Brandon to go to the big time let's join
him in his epic quest to arrest some
folks yo yo let's go welcome to the
force it's time to start fighting the
crime first things first
use a computer to get your first case of
Simon okay okay we have found an
assignment okay and now we need to
travel to the crime scene let's go
what's going on here
they have seemed to her feet eat the
floor electronics that is also graffiti
of Hanauma what could this lava mean
could you move you're standing on
heavens you stupid cow okay what we need
to do now is we need to take a witness
report from this hole look at her I
don't believe that she's really sad
woman wouldn't look like this look now
she's all weird-looking I don't trust up
don't cry don't cry I don't trust you
just yet you stupid asshole okay guys we
are back I took a little bit of break
but I'm back again and we are now ready
to do day two of Brandon's Police day oh
I'm so excited
so now on day two we are gonna go on
patrol okay
are we our own to patrol lookout branded
right and stop bragging a goddamn phone
look at these two people they look
suspicious
that guy's running why is he running was
he just selling drugs to this woman look
at her she looks goddamn suspicious oh
look at this go look how she's walking
she looks like she's about to start a
fight on someone okay we're gonna follow
her guys this is a stakeout okay okay
stay calm oh he's confronting Brandon
Brandon watch out find this girl that's
right you stupid hoe I'm writing you off
you are lucky I didn't take you down to
the station now why are you going you
stupid girl Hey
oh shit oh please I'll be headed back up
Jade I've got to die
listen you stupid girl take this
citation Ryu but stupid-ass girl waits
people god damn it
does this badge mean nothing do you guys
respect your fellow policeman Jesus
Christ oh okay as I'm shift okay I've
been promoted to officer does that means
I can do my own crimes now oh okay guys
ever since we've been promoted okay we
can now do our very first case
assignment okay here we are at the crime
scene hmm we have a second is that the
same evidence this last time
this criminalist struck again what could
this mean
it's a bloody llama am i chasing a llama
or a No okay we need to plan this out we
need to put down all the evidence that
we have hmm
pictures of stuff uh-huh yeah yeah ah I
see more evidence hmm
it's all coming together we have enough
evidence we're gonna catch the person
who did this okay we are now looking for
the criminal the suspect is wearing
slacks is clumsy has brown hair is a
male
but what are we gonna do in these kids
man this could be the criminal look this
guy kind of suspicious he's being don't
trust him
fifteen okay guys get guys stay calm
stay calm guys we're going to give him a
funny introduction we go we're gonna
stay calm okay we need to find out if
he's clumsy because I believe that
slacks if he is clumsy he is a goddamn
criminal
it's clumsy shit I have everything I
need
don't love I'm going to arrest you
that's it put your hands where I can see
them you are under arrest
you love my madness right get to jail
damn get to jail okay guys it's not over
we have to to interrogate him we need a
confession okay here we go
interrogation time look at him he's so
happy he thinks he's gonna get away with
it so our options are we can play good
cop or bad cop okay but we're not gonna
do that
first we're gonna show him the evidence
I have a witness statement explaining
someone like you look at him you see
that guys now I'm gonna show him the
pictures that I got from the crime scene
there's any of this ring a bell okay
guys I've had enough it's time for bad
cop I'm going to play crazy Jesus Christ
that must have scared the hell out of
him now we hit him with the good cop
what we got to do is we gonna discuss a
plea deal for him if you just confess we
won't we won't charge you for that long
we're giving you a good deal man
take the deal take the deal and confess
okay guys it's now time to get a
confession
multi-lane I did it sure I'm sorry was
it with me yes we did it we gonna
confession
yeah that's right man you are under
arrest
that's right go to jail hope you rot in
death of a very long time clothes nice
work that's one more criminal off the
streets but anyway guys that has been
the police
god damn career path but yeah we caught
an arrest in our very own criminal look
at him going into the god damn good
anyway guys I'm gonna end the video here
I hope you enjoyed the Sims 4 get to
work DLC I'm having so much fun with
this with this new DLC is really really
awesome so why wouldn't you guys to do
is I want you to comment down below what
career path should we follow next time
should we follow slut to be a super
duper scientist should we follow donut
to her fashion clothing line shop that
she's going to open or should we should
we should we age up nugget and follow
him to be a doctor
Yuri doctor now so anyway guys I want to
thank you all so much watching when we
hit 10,000 likes which you've guys have
been doing so quickly thank you guys so
much for support for that so yeah once
we hit 10,000 likes I'll upload the next
episode it will probably take about week
I'm guessing so but if it happens
earlier uploaded earlier and one thing
guys started watching and I'll see you
in the next video man see you later guys
love you bye
