Oh everyone how is everyone doing it you
know why you know why cuz we are bad
players by Sam's oh yeah yeah yes we are
finally about since for walk you guys
have been commenting on this game so
much like I wanna see more since 4 and
finally there is some more Sims 4
content they get to work DLC came out
and slot is excited look it up doing
this ganking yeah your son yeah yeah
show that was done she's excited but
anyway this DLC okay it basically
revolves around jobs but everyone has a
job Brandon
is the minor cram log okay he's a
criminal stealing shit okay
slut is a secret agent wait what is she
she wouldn't expect that to be a secret
agent look at that she's in disguise
she's not know to be the secret agent
were secretly I'm doing what are you
doing on the computer
oh she's playing a Sims okay so what
we're gonna do first thing we're gonna
do is we're gonna quit Brandon's job and
quit sluts job okay we're gonna go on
our phone go to career and quit our job
screw you boss I'm outta here
I woke in away never coming back yeah
screw your job screw your job spot how
do you do anymore are you sure you want
to
hobby music okay it is now your time but
down these dishes you've got more
important stuff to do go into your phone
and quit your job
listen it is slut here the secret agent
double-oh nun and i'm here to quit my
job and I am NOT taking no for an answer
okay are you sure you want to quit a job
yes I'm so with this DLC they added four
new grace okay you could one be a
detective arrested people being a cop
yeah you know criminals gonna get in my
way
oh you could be a doctor saving people's
lives delivering people's babies I don't
know what else doctors do but doesn't
that sounds fun you could also be a
scientist
okay now that there is some crazy stuff
that happens would decide his career
okay that one sounds exciting and
there's also another one you could buy a
retail store okay and so whatever crap
you on so I've put some thought into it
and I've decided I want Brandon to be
the detective
I've also decided that slut is going to
me I've also decided that doughnuts the
fashionable goat know what's going on
she's gonna open up her very own fashion
clothing line okay she knows what she's
doing it's not like she's so happy and
lost but definitely not least nugget is
going to be the doctor now you're
probably thinking you know you son you
if you know doctor nugget you be the big
disappointment
go go study go study see you guys are
probably wondering knock it can't be a
bloody doctor he's only a little baby so
we're gonna go age up stupid little
what's-his-face
nuggets making a cake for little nerd
it making a cake for men and doggies
what are you doing doughnuts making a
cake for little nuggets gonna put it in
the oven so we can be la la la la I'm so
happy to be back Peggy this is for why
just making a cake okay I did birthday
candles now like every teenage girl we
have to take a selfie with this birthday
cake birthday cake selfie okay now get
get your ass over here it is now your
birthday stop being so sad little nugget
look how handsome is that mullet though
this is my son ladies and gentlemen okay
tell me you're gonna get naked now good
Jesus so there's a reason why I didn't
get baby slut a career okay one reason
because there's only four but another is
because I have levelled up his astronaut
skills all the way up to level ten okay
now apparently there is a new world out
there in your spaceship we're gonna go
travel there okay
who knows be out there okay baby slut
I'm gonna need you to build a spaceship
again insert epic building montage
okay ladies gentlemen it is finally done
our spaceship is complete now all we
have to do is a great space ship and we
need to install a warm hole generator
this generates wormholes for traveling
past
to space we are going to travel through
a wormhole we will now explore places
I've never been before baby
Oh through the wormhole the ship hurtles
through the wormhole and emerges near an
alien planet a series of odd noises
comes from the on ship radio and baby
slut is suddenly teleported off of his
ship oh goodness
okay here we are
what look at this place it's magical Wow
where are we we are at a strange alien
planet holy crap look at this place it's
amazing what's this place collect okay
what can we do in this alien planet
I do not even know okay baby slut
be on the lookout we are in a strange
planet okay we don't know what's gonna
happen okay so be on the lookout for
anything suspicious okay baby slut okay
okay let's think of a okay okay okay
wait what is that
what could it be
it's a goddamn alien look at this guy
where is he going what is he doing oh
it's gonna fold what the hell
where is this alien going he's walking
around oh I've spotted another alien
okay okay we got it we got to be fast we
got to give her a friendly introduction
this is the first time I'm meeting an
alien and I'm very I'm very happy to see
him is it a girl or a boy I can't even
tell Oh his name's Francis Jack okay
so it's clearly a boy wait what they're
having a suggestive conversation
Francis is flirty wait what was going on
now no wait I can invite him to stay the
night okay we've got to do that can we
woohoo with an alien no no I do not
believe that all right so I've asked him
to go to a sleepover so let's return
home with Francis Jack come on Francis
let's go home let us see if we can
whoo-hoo with the god damn alien I would
be so surprised if we can that would be
hilarious okay here we are baby wait
what what what's going on
baby sad baby start was just abducted by
aliens
baby slop where'd you go okay apparently
I've been abducted by aliens what the
hell was that new in the game was that
was that was that there before in in
Sims 4 I don't really know can someone
tell me in the comments holy crap babies
like this God just got abducted by
aliens okay looks like I'm not having
whoohoo just yet with this alien god
damn it
you okay baby slut what do they do to
you what how's your asshole did they
probe you I hope not
okay all right what that was weird
it's giving me the option to whoa whoa
it's giving me the option to whoo-hoo oh
my goodness okay God guys guys guys
please okay they're going to do -
whoohoo
wait wait wait no wait where you going
no that's my bed baby slut don't you
dare that's my bed no do not have willow
in my bed for goodness sake
god damn it this is one small step for
man definitely another step for the
whole of mankind
okay well I'm freaked out okay in a
scientist outfit she's so cute okay so
what I want you guys to comment in the
comment section down below is what
career should we focus on next episode
should we focus on Brandon's police
career that sounds exciting
or sluts scientists career or doughnuts
fashion clothing lines shop thing or
should we age up knock it again and turn
him into an adult so he can be a doctor
you read on then out why aren't you
studying you go do homework now do
homework that's right you do homework
you read book UV spots not okay I'm
gonna leave him alone now
what wait what what happened to baby
sluts Bailey
why is he got an old fat for some reason
look at that weird
Tommy ache from eating something funny
baby slutty isn't feeling so hot it must
have been something he ate
you don't think no don't be silly
okay I'm a boy I can't I can't I can't
do that sort of stuff I mean where would
it even you know what just don't talk
about it okay it's probably something I
ate
oh shit fire fire okay it's fine
no never mind I'm scared
No look at his belly now I hate to say
it but I think aliens and babies like
there's no idea he makes these be bloody
ate something oh crap
or maybe when they abducted me no I uh I
do not want even think about that if
thinking about that gives me the
heebie-jeebies
I do not want the heebie-jeebies oh no
no not in here not in here
now it says imminent close encounter
from unidentified life-form growing
within whatever it is it's about to come
out what the hell have I done babies
that do you not know that you shouldn't
have sex unprotected sex with random
aliens that's the first thing they teach
you in school
oh my god oh my god there's a baby on
the way okay there's a baby on the way
oh oh my god we've given birth to a baby
girl um
okay guys I'm gonna need you guys to
name a name in the comment section I'm
gonna name it X for now and I'll change
it next episode okay but you guys
comment down below what we have given
birth
alien
okay guys I've been recording for like
two hours now I usually record for an
hour I really want to see this baby I
may need you guys to comment down below
what should we name the baby something
funny I don't even know what I don't I'm
speechless guys holy crap
okay what else would I say oh yeah I
also said what career path should we do
I'm thinking I might do Brannon in the
police force that seems fun but I'll
last you guys and last thing is that if
you enjoyed this the return of The Sims
4 I'm super excited as you can see
there's so much stuff they've added in
this DLC finally so I'm thinking that
that's this series is going to continue
hook up again for a very long time so
yeah if we hit 10,000 likes I will start
working on the next episode but anyway
guys I hope you enjoyed and I want to
thank you guys so much for watching and
I will see you in the next video of mine
oh my goodness so much is going on I'll
see you guys in the next video bye bye
