oh no please don't run again no no
please all right harping load you piece
of shit game I hate this game
now I'm kidding I love people worked in
this game and those events a very good
game hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is Misha Sophia today we are
back with weird Dead Redemption with
Arthur Morgan where are there I'm not
the Morgan okay ladies Emma we are back
with another video Red Dead if you guys
want me to keep making Red Dead videos
died thousand watching this video and
I'll keep doing it so I've been playing
a little bit more with this game alright
and this currently is my camp alright
you get this camp at the beginning of
the game alright now the aim of this
camp is that you need to sort of donate
money and upgrade your camp alright
because right now is looking pretty
shitty or I'm not online oh man I'm sure
I'm hungry right now
oh what's this my favourite still oh
don't mind if I do take a little bit of
a helping of a little bit of stupor now
you know put the spoon in oh yeah this
is looking good I'm gonna eat some good
grub tonight shut up I don't like you
bullying in her about one stupid susan
to over go over to the butcher I can
actually see alder like crafting
upgrades now I was thinking you know as
like a good fun video maybe I could make
another video where like I just focus on
hunting and I hunt basically all the
skins that you need to upgrade basically
nothing you know I think gradually I'm
gonna start doing this in my spare time
and I'll show you what looks like when
it's completed you know and stuff like
that but yeah it's pretty cool you can
add so much detail and so much stuff you
know but it yeah it takes it takes a lot
of time to do all this shit alright oh
yeah that's pretty cool that's gives me
something to do in this game I guess
apart from you know running my horse for
hours and hours and hours and hours and
hours and hours
I can also shave here oh man look at me
I can actually give myself another
haircut oh I can shave my moustache my
chin I noticed we can get rid of my
chops that was fun yeah realism yeah
shaving
yes so much yeah I can play Domino's how
does shit do I played Domino's anyone
wanna play Domino's okay you don't know
how to play it all right it's not the
game where one one domino it falls on
another oh god okay I have no idea to
play this shitty game oh my god
okay so the first thing I want to do in
this video is if you look there is three
yellow circles okay now these people
they owe me money okay
and I'm Oscar Morgan okay and I need my
money so let's go and pay mister warble
a little ol visit now on the road again
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo riding my
horse it down the road again - came sure
it's beautiful man I have not play too
much of this game man I I just I just
love playing this game I could make
videos on this all day honestly what's
going on here I've been looking for shut
up I want plants well hey there partner
Oh come take a look at this look at this
what you got there Indian tobacco
tobacco tobacco I love tobacco why buy
it off the shelves when you can make
your own disgusting I can hate tobacco
oh he's taking the tobacco oh okay cool
tobacco now alright that's fun well that
was worth getting off my horse for that
to eat tobacco yeah why not alright now
where is this man that owes me money
alright
is he in this house now knock knock mr.
knock knock mr. Wabo suppressants upon
the review I'm done he's speaking polish
English English
no English so easier now it's Lydia
means I want the money to keep my money
dumb shit I'm here for money I'm here
for money okay
morning little house yeah yeah you know
the name okay just give them a goddamn
money where is no I have nothing what
bad winter out the window a bad winter
pal shit where that's right you better
get my money now bitch
listen man I won't okay I'm not sure how
many times I can hit him without killing
him
stop please no I feel bad now hope you
have this what do you got just give it
to me
okay you know what I'm just gonna take
whatever I have in your dumbass house
you dumbass man cuz he ain't giving me
my goddamn money well we got hey we got
some we got some whiskey now come on up
know who probably got head oh we got an
antique watch okay okay that would have
to do no no please not my watch yes yes
yes yes yes or I'll kill you man yeah
what you got what you gotten over that
of a society piece of shit I'm I search
this drawer or what's this Oh a gold
wedding ring hey covering a little more
all right all right consider your debt
paid you piece of shit okay I'm going
goddammit Polish people okay can't pay
the goddamn debts talk to Morgan or now
let's pay little Oh chick Matthews a
visit
you's a good boy horsey okay you taking
me everywhere man I love you come on
horsey we got money too game okay oh wow
okay okay
okay still falling no let me - okay all
right I keep falling off my horse
randomly and I hate it I was actually
gonna say I kind of want to see what
happens you know if we fall off this
clip from a hostage up jump I'm gonna
kill myself
come on horsey stop being such a pussy
and jump come on come on ja ja okay well
I don't know why I was I was expecting
honestly okay Wow I died right now can
you not do that ever again please all
right I'm sorry okay let's just go get
my money now for on the road again
man look at this game man I haven't
explored much of the world
honestly I've just been like staying
around near towns for man look at this
view man this is so beautiful oh I can
hear someone shooting oh hello who's
shooting
oh that's guy shooting would you be
interested in some friendly competition
some training but they say I've come all
the way north from Mexico to challenge a
real American gunslinger you have your
ham okay yes American gunslinger okay
let's get shooting guys come on I can
read the a completely stupid Spanish guy
okay why is not that him oh how about we
raise the stakes raise this text I love
steak way do you think this guy's trying
to con me all right at ease any-any let
me win that time just so I can bet $10
all right $10 let's do this first four
birds out the sky okay look dead
activate Deadeye come on that one that
one
whoo do it come on get that one did this
okay madam I was gonna give me money
give me this money piece of shit or I
thinks it can kill me
watch on that's time but what's on next
time on the road again
oh is this a bull hmm wait is this bull
gonna attack me if I go near it
bull come on a plain piece of shit boy
I'll kill you oh oh oh wait the cow just
died wait it's not dead I have to kill
it
I'm sorry pal I'm sorry oh wow okay
poor poor poor guy it's okay guys
alright I needed some hog skin anyway
okay oh god this is disgusting alright I
heard some woman that was trapped hello
where is she
did she die I think she died oh hello
little lady okay I'll help I'll help I
lift the horse come on help this little
old lady scared loose go help I did it
get off me bitch I could have been stuck
here and served or eaten yeah you kudos
Tom the animal oh you poor dumb animal
you need a ride home and a ride home
ma'am oh yes mister please thank you I
was just about to collect my debt and
you're me to go all the way back there
ballantine piss off bitch hang up time
and I'm a good cowboy honestly all right
we're finally here all right let's go
find the person that owes me my money oh
oh
explanation I have an explanation oh
yeah
oh no the doctor said to me gosh you're
dope guys the comment section will go
crazy oh oh shit okay I killed that I
killed the dog
Oh is he still alive I think it still
alive oh shut up all right take him to a
doctor
doctors don't exist now all right was I
had to kill that guy or was I bad no
shot Hey
he's got my money chasing down get that
kid you all about money go get my money
okay I'm money I'm serious come on use
the lasso oh no I missed okay go Foster
Foster yeah - ride - ride you piece of
shit hogtied shit matches I'll take out
your money Oh a treasure map ain't no
time for a treasure map let's have a
look at him hmm what you see here if
something should happen to me
my worthy possessions are stowed ahead
hmm what could that be huh I'm gonna
pick you up and put you down just down
here no no please man well you should
have thought that before you had any
money
I didn't realize it would take this long
for the train to come okay I'm just good
you know I'm gonna give up okay I give
up okay I'm just gonna leave you there
I'm sure the train will kill you at some
point all right now where did this guy
hide his goddamn treasure oh wait where
are we I could have sworn it was a there
was a tree right wait could it be the
hole in the tree look I can see
something I could see something what's
in there what's in there oh that's right
I took your debt money
all right to debts collected one more
now and we got to go too and now we got
to go pay lil now we got a pail and now
we got a pay little ol little visit
wow that was a tongue twister oh is this
Lily where's my morning
wait what I don't have it right you know
what you've got I ain't giving him
nothing damn oh did I kill him all right
what's the guy on him he'd better have a
lot of money on him what you got huh huh
what you got huh okay I actually got the
money that I needed Oh
robbery hey I didn't Rob anyone hey come
back in red dead go get your money oh
yeah this guy's sold me robber guy okay
let me chase him down get him get him
take him down take him down take him
down you walk away and you saw nothing
okay keep the mouth shut piece of shit
okay that's right yeah you saw nothing
god damn I know I'm just going to love
the money that people owe me okay is
there a way I can fast travel in this
game can anyone tell me I have no idea
honestly cuz because now I have to ride
all the way back there just to give back
the money which is which is gonna be
hella fine honestly
on the road again dude there's some guys
hey hello welcome welcome
okay well that works okay the bone our
works family what's going on here oh the
horse kicked in whoa okay what what the
hell did I just watch okay anyway let's
just lose body I don't know okay I'm
gonna donate the recovered debt to the
camp funds give all the debts come on
now put the money in the box all right
and I got five dollars out of that Wow
I use the ledger to purchase a camp
upgrade oh look I can upgrade my place
now oh this looks fun okay what can we
buy we can buy a medicine wagon
apparently okay sure I'll buy medicine
wagon oh we got medicine now oh okay
everything's paying off now okay cool so
we got great at our place baby okay so
now I can you know take all this stuff
you know yay I can just take stuff and
it'll restock you know yeah that's so
cool huh yeah that was that was such a
good use of my time you know riding
around everywhere for like I know how I
yes such a good use of hair oh yeah yeah
a cup of joe I love a cup of joe oh yeah
oh oh
drinking coffee simulator oh it's a
realism I love this game overheating
will cause you to gain weight while not
eating regularly will not will cause you
to lose weight weight really this games
so realistic I swear
all right you could copy now Arthur
drink a coffee okay you've had a long
day all right riding a horse on old
goddamn day okay cool so I think I can
understand the game now all right so the
aim right now is to just make money you
know and yeah just keep upgrading that
the place all right let's let's upgrade
their provisions why not I don't know
what this does
Oh upgrade the provisions we now have
little things Oh
we're slowly getting there guys all
right what else we got we got ammunition
sure okay $50 per ammunition oh we
couldn't upgrade this now yeah look at
all these things that we have yeah okay
we upgraded this thing as well all right
cool look at this I don't know what
changed honestly I'm just spending money
I don't know what's happening okay
that's enough shit for this might be
shitty asset base all right okay cool
all right so let's just do one more
mission all right guys okay I want to
save this mission for a video but
apparently the
guy over here said he wants to go
hunting with me go hunting yeah when
going on of course I want to go hunting
I saw a huge bear huge biggest I ever
saw
I reckon nearly a thousand pounds let's
go kill this thousand pound bear might
take a day or two take a day or two to
roid company how many hours am i
spending riding this goddamn horse I
have to remove the subtle why I like
this horsey
sorry horsey but I have to apparently
use this horse I don't know why though
all right let's saddle up we're gonna
get an all-new horse now okay and now
we're gonna ride for life you know and
now I just saw I can get to the Bell
alright luckily I can just edit it just
like that okay we got to go to a stable
wait can we buy another horsey from here
oh look we can sell or stable the horse
wait should we sell it wait how much is
it worth five dollars okay we just sold
that horse okay he just disappeared all
right we got a Dutch warmblood for $450
I don't got that much money we got an
American Stan bread which is pretty much
the same horse Larry have and then we go
Morgan which is just a $15 horse bye
Morgan
sure okay let's call him T for fancy
check wow this game is an 18 year old
game and I can't bloody pull my toes
titty how about horsey okay no mind
gonna call him wank no apparently not
come on man what's the fun in naming a
horse when you can't name it something
too bad okay wait I sold my horse for
five dollars and I got this for 15 what
was the point in that
come on bear oh I think I just heard a
bear guys
I think I hit a bear oh my god okay
that's a big ass bear um easy easy don't
find me Oh Oh God
did I did I Oh
oh no oh no I think I just pissed them
off I discovered a legendary animal wait
what I want on it okay so wait all that
time was spent and we didn't even kill
the bear this guy's gonna go off now and
now I have to kill this goddamn bear all
this time I spent so long okay you know
what this game is great I love this game
10 out of 10 IGN seriously come on you
dumbass there where are you where are
you I did it yeah I killed the bad that
was that was uh was I was it honestly Oh
disgusting okay we skinned a big ass
bear oh my god and now look at it just
looks like it looks like a mole or
something uh okay ladies gentlemen I've
been playing my dad a long time yes this
game is hard to make videos on you know
so I think my next video is probably
going to be when I plaques Li like do
play the game and actually get a feel
for it yeah like I said the beginning of
video though it doesn't like and I'll
keep you know Red Dead is like a little
side series okay I'm enjoying the game
regardless you know it like I just wish
I had more time to play it you know but
yeah
either way though think you guys so much
for watching I really appreciate it and
I'll see you in the next video Bubba
