okay hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is mess yourself today we are
playing sneak thief now sneak thief is a
game where you play as a thief and you
need to steal as much money as you can
okay by the way guys oh no I can't let's
go toilet okay so yeah I'll be right
back okay these comments doing I'm not
doing anything I'm just I'm just uh
okay sorry about that guys okay please
nowadays alright they just keep coming
in my house alright trying to steal shit
it's a bit of a problem not online okay
the first level that we're gonna play is
home invasion home invasion that's very
scary okay we are in sneak-thief huh
that's my car
can I steal the car you need $50,000
before you leave we need to steal
$50,000 okay let's scope the area it is
a late late night huh here's the house
we need to rob okay everyone stay calm
maybe I just not go okay bloody lucky
hmm do you think anyone's in guys oh
look he has a bloody and expensive TV he
has golden trophies oh my goodness guys
we're gonna steal all this shit okay
okay so it doesn't look like he's home
how the hell am I gonna get into this
guy's house hey what's this open hmm is
it for the power hello
what the hell I didn't do anything guys
oh the door is now open
boo okay we don't know if the guy in
this house is here yet
hello was that the owner of the house
walk straight past me okay okay well
well at least we know we're not alone
right now a hammer
be very quiet oh okay door open my face
hello okay coast is clear
let's see what's in the fridge oh oh oh
okay oranges this guy's having a boy
okay close it I can't steal anything
from the bloody fridge okay we're okay
so I think as soon as you turn off the
power the guy comes home from bloody
work
look there is he's coming home from work
in his bloody car making my way home
okay shit I thought Sean died again oh
okay soon as we tie off the power the
guy comes alright there is a hammer here
do you think I should you know uh try
and kill him okay guys have to be very
quick sneak up on him sneak up on him
here we go oh alright that's a bad
approach okay guys we have to be in it
in now alright in and out we've got a
still shit okay he has bloody seafood
with a snail yeah that's horse meat this
guy deserves to die I mean he's not
gonna die pick up baby stop okay guys
imma trying to sneak up on him and let
his sled just drop there it's on my head
like that could I just kill him now Oh
skating from his house not murdering him
alright literally steal from his house
take trophy dollar trophy yeah take
another $100 another one
Oh DVD player
Oh hundred dollars boy who uses DVDs
nowadays I could take his TV wait wait
am i keeping that TV ok I'm not putting
on my ass
felt like I cheated the game I didn't
think I didn't think I could actually
kill him ok poor guy alright he just
came home
alright and you know I'm here just just
stealing from his house and killing my
face a thousand dollars a bottle of wine
a bloody forty dollars gold face whoa
that was a lot of money he just keeps
that shit on his buddy dining room table
okay he's asking to get robbed with all
these valuables painting Oh $1,000
$1,000 oh so much money he has a tablet
I wonder why he's watching on the tablet
guys you picked the wrong house to me
you picked the wrong house to be a thief
okay let's just take it all right I
don't care what he's watching bank
documents whoa mm he just keeps that
shit lying around okay this must be his
bedroom okay more bank documents man
wasting so much money from this guy I
take his monitors all right take his
keyboard even take this shitty mouse
okay it's computer too oh my goodness
guys were up to 20,000 we need to steal
thirty thousand more weather shit are we
gonna get out from whoa he's master
bedroom what the hell he has a safe and
also collectable football trophies this
guy's easy I'm on famous he has a
bachelor's degree in Business and
Economics organiz drawers Oh
Gold Bond gold by and near his back I'll
take it all right so it seems that most
of the money is in this safe we need to
find the code somewhere around here oh
wait what what's this
look guys there's something under this
Oh what the hell's this
8 6 4 7 that must be the code for the
safe sleeps floor 8
was that wrong oh no quick little arms
going
oh it's eight six four seven huh can I
go okay guys I had to reset okay but you
know what I felt like I was cheating
anyway because I didn't think I could
kill that guy okay but yeah we could go
weed or I could get in steal everything
okay look guys he's come through the
front door he's gonna come through the
door as soon as he does we're gonna run
do you just forget where I am he's gone
okay seem to forget about me he was just
like you know what screw it there's a
thief in my house okay I'll find him
later
alright quick quick while I'm here take
these bank documents okay take the
bloody DVD player alright how can i play
my DVDs without his DVD player it's five
three four two five two four two five
three four two guys do you remember it
okay five four three two right there is
guys watch me buddies speed run this
house okay
and oh whoa guys I can't find the code
to the safe what am I gonna do guys I
found the code five three four two guys
do you remember it okay
five four three two right live three
four I'm too fast boy take a DVD player
take your CVS right shove it up my ass
so much money
mission accomplished we managed to steal
from that guy's bloody house now I love
this game because has so many levels all
right the next level that we're gonna be
doing is the forum hmm we seem to have
landed in a forum I need to steal
$50,000 before I leave the farms very
quiet or I'd kind of talk all right we
need a flashlight okay what the hell of
it growing is this court okay this is
looks like the weirdest corn I've ever
seen hello anyone in the board
what is this barn got automatic out
they've got automatic guns okay oh look
there's a wire oh oh let's follow the
wire investigating investigating follow
the wire follow the wire
whoa guys there's another building
okay guys be very very quiet he seems
that the power is leading to this
building look there he is just minding
his own business so damn and having to
protect his goddamn farm nothing ever
happens on this place what's this shit
why are they armed with shotguns I don't
understand what's going on okay this
isn't a regular farm all right I'm
expecting to see some friendly farmer oh
okay
I mean I I think I'm hidden but I think
he sees me I died it seems like with
this game that there's no tactics okay
you literally just have to keep running
okay how much more so avoid these guys
that's what I want to know all right be
very sneaky maybe you won't see me oh he
doesn't see me
Oh oh my goodness I have snot around him
be very careful guard side Garside go
outside oh no he's looping the room is
looping the room Oh God oh did he sees
me just yet
oh the other ones in that room okay
I'm in the other room close the door
guys
Oh careful okay I think I'm seen all
right turn the light okay
oh not shy just not sneak around okay I
know the game's called sneak-thief but
you're doing I should just draw them out
and so I can go into the end of the bond
those guys still chasing me I don't
think they are I think they're not to
see me anymore
okay I baited them out of the house
alright now we can finally explore this
bloody place okay what does she do they
hiding
wait what money look I just stole $2,000
leave me alone oh no I took a stroke now
he's angrier and I'm so that's what's
happening on this bloody farm okay it's
a bloody drug farm
this ain't court what the hell you try
to steal our drug money didn't you
oh no please again I promise
silence man you took our goddamn drug
money now you're gonna pay what the
hell's going on guys there goes somebody
got tied up shit okay he hasn't seen me
just yet guys
alright release till all the drugs are I
don't know what I'm gonna do with this
drugs okay Who am I gonna sell the drugs
to he hasn't seen me just yet oh I see
so bloody short God
oh it's time for payback you're so
goddamn stupid man coming over here
trying to steal our drugs you are man
can't get away with it you can't get
away with it but I sure can
all right you just took money you piece
of shit okay trying to kill me alright
probably doing is illegal drug ring
whereas they gone oh god is this a bet
this way these guys have been sleeping
Oh what oh shit
look guys they've killed a police
officer
what the shit okay guys I don't want to
steal from these guys okay these guys
mean trouble okay oh my goodness and
look at this guy just tied up is he
alive or is he dead do you think you
could untie me over there I think you
are tied up I think you're just I think
you're just putting your hands there
okay this game so shit take the money
Hey take some more drugs
oh yeah up to 19,000 now boy this must
be the switch for the power okay the
turrets might be disabled now okay so
now that I've disabled the power the
turret should be disabled easy huh huh
okay man you can go through thanks
mister turret okay I didn't know you
could speak but thank you they're just
keeping $1,000 just which is just on
this barrel okay man these guys need to
take bad take better care of their money
alright go upstairs anything up here
another Tora up here the cruel this drug
money though okay I'm up to 40,000 but
now I have now $65,000 worth of drugs oh
yeah we're gonna get so high
wasted over these jobs okay I don't
think I'm gonna send them I think I'll
just you know use them all cuz I love
you oh yeah now what do I gotta wake up
alright that's right $65,000 baby
okay ladies gentlemen I think I'm gonna
end the video there all right that was
me playing the first two levels of
sneak-thief okay and now I kind of
low-key wanna do like a series on this
and play every single level okay because
it is quite interesting and next level
is a bank okay so I kind of want to do
that in the next video so if this video
reaches 20,000 likes I'm only if they
reach 25 20,000 likes I will make a part
two to sneak peek okay I'll leave up to
you guys either way though thank you
guys so much for watching I really do
appreciate it hope we did enjoy and I'll
see you in the next video 9 so other
guys but bye
