hahaha oh everyone how is everyone doing
it is mesh yourself and today we are
back with high school dreams best
friends forever
what a shit bloody name okay so you guys
obviously love this I don't know why
sugar tits is on a mission to get some
boys to like her in this school she is a
no girl at the school and no boy likes
her okay so yeah the mission of this
game is to uh is to get the boys to like
them now there's so many boys at school
I don't know what to pick they're all so
good-looking
okay guys we're gonna focus on this PD
guy okay the DJ alright looking for the
crafts classroom it's down the hall no
no no no I'm here to see you PD okay
we're gonna solder
hey keep it down in here people are
trying to study yeah sure I'm kidding Oh
cows joking you're PD right I am I know
who he is he we introduced each other in
class what the bloody hell is this
should we ask him what is he bloody
spinning or playing it to okay not now
I'm asking what's he spinning yeah cuz
I'm not everything about DJ are you
looking for fun or just work to sing
wah-wah-wah I'm putting this mix in the
DJ Barry the DJ battle going on oh my
goodness I did not know uh what is it
detainer to this like what goes on at a
DJ battle you throw your records at each
other no you stupid girl you're bloody
stupid sugar tits come on get your shit
together oh we have the option to
friendzone him do we want two friends on
PT he looks like a good friend now I
know the power of women I can friendzone
any man I want
okay I'm not gonna friend zone them
because I won't not D sugar tits won't
that D okay oh come on isn't that one of
the benefits of being a DJ you get to
play music oh good point now I'm really
gonna wait until the battle way more
girls will be well IIIi would like
you little shit see I am the best
looking girl
no shit OPD Padma Felix I'm gonna go cry
in the bathroom now
hey you what's up hey girl are you doing
um a DJ drama ah PT just shot me down
what I was trying to talk to him in the
music room and he basically told me to
get out yeah that it was second I know
he was no good what do I do
maybe you can talk to Izzie first who's
that they're best friends is that girl I
did basketball with she's best friends
with bTW shit is he I want to talk to
you about baby hey there hey Z should we
bank for information should we rule er
spot PD yeah this girl might be
competition you know so we go we gotta
be rude okay screw you luli do it I'm
looking for Izzie I heard she's real
good friends with PD look don't get all
rude with what you want the info was
that rude whatever women what I don't
want is for him to think I'm annoying
then your best bet is probably not to go
in the music room when he's Vic don't
tell me what the door your little Hall
is it y'all ready halt
just be yourself though PD likes honesty
okay thanks for everything just be
myself
Thank You Izzy turns out you're not a ho
like I thought well actually she
probably still is oh my goodness the
jock is there playing basketball okay
guys I've only got one chance to impress
him
whoa need to sign this girl's contract
yes on me a contract did you see that
alley-oop epic slow-mo doesn't spin what
sugar tits bloody hell more like Michael
Jordan shit you gonna try out for the
team or what try for the team yes the
boys team oh you mean the boys team
right because there would be no
challenge playing against the girls
oh you haven't played against them yet
so you have no idea okay okay okay we've
never had a girl on the boys squad
before and back in the day women weren't
allowed to vote
oh I pull down the feminists in the quad
and like you change the squat you can't
fight against that okay dominus win
against the end of that now should we go
exploring or should we go home let's go
to the mark let's go oh so pretty
oh my finish is so much cute stop here I
would look so hot up okay have a great
day
Oh shine sugar tits
it's another day of school I am going to
wear my sexy new outfit that up out from
the shopping
hey baby how's your back I got scared
you up and you don't know me very well
since I'm one fierce chick you might be
a head pet for Tiger Oh oh nice I was
dead
don't worry I don't bite
but you know what would make this Kitty
really happy what's ten hearing some of
your tunes wait what's he doing now is
he hiding Mia's mixtape PD for the love
of God I don't want to hear your shitty
mixtape okay and I don't want to follow
you on soundcloud either go away
okay so PD gave me his mixtape and I got
to listen to his mixtape when I am at
home and I got a dance to it great text
message from Emily let's go for a gelato
and talk about Chuck come talk to me if
you want to go shut the fuck up Emily I
don't I whoa yeah yeah you look really
nice today you think so really okay you
convinced me
oh shit oh shit oh oh it's emo kid is
the emo why did you shush me instead of
yelling watch out the library is a place
for silence not yelling you boring piece
of shit okay be a bullet I'm sorry I
should have watched where I was going
but then we wouldn't be having this
amazing conversation
it's almost as exciting as these books
oh yeah
it's amazing I haven't fallen asleep yet
you're bloody Birds what is this
restrain me right now okay
I know we're the only guardian angels
were real then I might be able to find
this place in the path where it is is in
the park so the email kid wants me to
find someplace other where is is that
the park I've never seen a more in
Bombay so beautiful look at all that
pixels god damn it what does this car
one door hey what's wrong what's nothing
lost my necklace can you help me find it
bitch well could you be so stupid you're
stupid huh okay let's go home I listen
to shitty Bee Gees mixtape is probably
gonna be shit let's be honest okay play
P DS mix okay oh my I got a dance again
bloody hell look just look my goal oh
okay spit oh yeah picking it up to the
seabed again I'm on the floor now what
is this
I'm a dancing machine girls did they -
in that room
oh we're gonna bottle it holy shit oh my
goodness I'm gonna control whoa 10,000
points oh my goodness my target was
10,000 and I got 10,000 in one oh I knew
what I was doing okay don't deny my
skills go to text message from PG whoo
here we go sorry couldn't wait what you
think that makes a sick man player loud
for the school
yo dope sick happy that's real tall yeah
yeah oh we could be like it's okay it
could be better okay we don't know how
his feelings otherwise he'll never give
me that bloody D okay I'm gonna be like
it was dope sick and ha
yeah PT hey Petey how you doing
complement really nice today really yes
cool is your bloody compliment me bag
men horrible creatures oh my god crying
a bathroom again
let's tell this emo key that we found a
shitty spawner guess what yes I don't
guess it only lets me down you're a hard
guy to please I know I write is hard oh
shut up you shit hard was finding the
Vista really yep yep you're right going
now but the sun's out I know it's
yes if you're easily amused that's it
wait I'm coming I'm coming yeah so I do
come on my face hey Seth you want to go
up would you like to go to the Vista now
yeah let's go
how much further it's literally just up
here you're bloody stupid pussy just
keep going almost there I can see it and
why'd you ask me how long far is that
you stupid shit well now you don't have
to because we're here finally it is
beautiful almost worthy of taking a
picture take one then you shit take the
pic oh it's easy to recall let's get one
together then take as many other snaps
as you want
I love selfies as a teenage girl Savage
is the best look I mean I think it is
time we go our separate ways now wait it
has been an action-packed day and I
think I should like to lie down a spell
while I digest it all Oh
Oh sad you are meant to be the ugly one
now I don't even love him
sugar dis just wants the D why does no
boy love me sugar tits what we're gonna
do I guess we're gonna go home and cry
ask why so sad you look even more emo
than usual I lost my free passes to the
mini golf course you like mini golf we
all have our guilty pleasures yeah mines
midget porn okay so we need to find
tickets to mini golf okay
how convenient no the goddamn tickets
were it was a beautiful girl at charm
Springs High you've allowed me to
breathe you've allowed me to fly you
gave a beat to my heart when it's always
been still until we meet again at the
park with the windmill I said I found
your tickets good news I found them I
suppose that means you've read the poem
yes
it was very sweet you're gonna break
some girl's heart one day why if I said
the poem was for you would it be
acceptable if I suggested tomorrow at
7:00 oh yeah sure me I'd love to yeah
yes okay so we now have a bloody date
with um bloody shit hi Seth that's a
Teddy you likewise I have expected you
not to come you think that little of me
no I just keep my expectations a bloody
depressing the shit out of me come on I
just play golf okay welcome to mini golf
do I be them or do I let them win
then went on that IR right easy easy
your blood is shed okay I got part yay
okay easy
Oh what the hell it wasn't yay okay I
got a hundred and my dog it was 100 oh
my goodness if I got if I got one more
swinging I would have lost I like you
you're not fake like all the other birds
does that mean you'd be open to letting
me walk you home
that's take course you can I hope I'll
not be taking it too far out of your way
maybe so but you're worth it oh good
watch the sunset together you know I
think I'd like that
yes conversation a plus minigame be my
outfit a plus total score a excellent a
date a WoW I am on a roll okay guys I'm
gonna end the video here I ended the
video on a date with Seth okay there
blow-by-blow likes me
okay now it's get the bloody DJ the
bloody jock and who else I want to be
the high school hole so um yeah you guys
seem to love the first episode so um I'm
not sure this games okay I kind of like
it if we can hit eight thousand likes
I'll do another episode like I don't
know this could be like a series and if
you guys like this I would love to play
more but if you guys don't I'm fine with
that you know I could move on to
something
yeah and thank you so much for watching
and I'll see you in the next video of
mine see you later guys
