okay hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is mesh yourself in today we
are gonna be reacting to some rid of
people now there is this YouTube channel
called The Wizard of odd alright now if
you guys want to check out the channel
or I go to description alright I'm gonna
leave it there basically there is
YouTube channel where they document
weird people around the world okay and
there's some very weird videos on this
channel have to give a bit of a warning
okay but I saw this video called living
as an adult baby alright and it's kind
of weird alright let's watch it
everybody needs a bottle in the morning
but since babies can't drink coffee I
have my juice oh my god okay it's a fat
ass dude drinking juice in a crib oh my
god what the hell am I gonna watch right
now hey handy man is on it's my favorite
show yeah oh my god coloring because
it's just relaxing to color stuff man
and you don't really have to follow the
rules you can color it whatever you want
this guy in his spare time is doing
coloring books okay shit alright this
video is 1 minute in and I'm already
regretting clicking on it guys oh my God
look at his room oh my god he's got so
many toys an adult baby is somebody who
enjoys dressing up and acting like a
baby
how do you want one day decide yet I'm
gonna start acting like a baby
okay yes group growing up screw finding
a wife and finding a girlfriend no I'm
just gonna no go be a baby
googoo gaga dressing up and acting like
a baby
this buddy Shan it could be as young as
you know you want to be a six month old
and then you can go up to two or three
years old
look it's whatever that feels right for
you this guy okay come on now you got to
think about it alright if this was your
kid I would probably be the most
disappointed father and whole entire
world I'm sorry dude okay but somewhere
I clearly went wrong with you okay look
at the state of this guy I associate
most with being two years old because I
think it's the best of both worlds
you're young enough to still be able to
use a crib and a bottle divers also
still old enough that you can get around
on your own and talk and tell people
what you want okay
refreshing you want a drink okay all
right drinking your buddy baby juice
okay what the shit's in now or I'm
scared of you at the moment honestly I
wouldn't take anything off this ducky
man refreshing refreshing you want a
drink no no not very many adult baby not
been a chance to have a be furniture
yeah I'm okay definitely one of the few
financing himself all right has he got a
job or something okay how's he paying
for all this baby things in this house
this is my custom-made crib Oh Mike
about a week to build it it's a couple
days to paint it if it was a great piece
of a dog baby Freddie
oh my I've got my diaper changing
materials nice and close don't tell me
he's actually shitting in this bloody
diapers he's taking a big shit in his
dog was okay that's where I draw the
line okay fair enough all right you want
to suck on a pacifier I sit in a crib
all right but the second he takes a shit
in a bloody diaper I've got my diaper
changing material nice and close I've
got my puppy dog mobile I've got my lion
guard bed Lion King I've got my ocean
Wonders aquarium toys and then I got my
McCann here my bad okay don't judge me
man okay I'm only here for the free food
okay I don't know what the hell is wrong
with this guy my bad keep your bedroll
Sunday will ask do I do I actually use
the diapers oh yes
okay I understand if you're a baby I
understand if you're an old man who
can't hold that shit in okay but this
man there's nothing wrong with them all
right he chooses to be this weird Oscar
how is he gonna find love how are you
gonna find someone's gonna love him
while he's taking a shit in his own
diaper oh do I actually use the diapers
and yes I usually use the dogs being
incontinent you're gonna be in diapers
and these are my usual one oh my god
what would why not role-playing like I
love wearing my tie cables these things
are just adorable
but do animals good absorbency so you
stay nice and dry while you're out
playing good absorbency so you stay nice
and dry while you're out playing when I
have to make a number two it's in the
toilet
oh and no I don't sit in a wet diaper
all day long okay well at least he
doesn't take a shit in the dye but Jesus
Christ he scared me for a second okay
imagine now right taking a big dump
all right and carrying that shit around
okay Jesus this is a 40 year old man all
right was he doing with his life I've
got my fix on him all right how do you
find a diaper that big for his fat ass
yeah I just took the big shitty knees
I'm stand right no you stand right Oh
some of my favorite adult baby activity
no good be playing with my my DUPLO LEGO
it's relaxing to play play let's forget
about what's going on Oh oh my god
pretend I'm a kid again
yeah have fun okay you can build
anything here you can imagine
don't anymore you can take it apart and
build something else okay base crafts
cross okay I true you're old could
actually do better than that alrighty
car okay wow this guy what is wrong with
a man I like playing with my activity
book and drawing depends what I'm doing
oh my god okay yeah that makes sense
okay well done that's so good I want to
meet this guy's parents okay I want to
meet this guy's parents alright what the
hell went wrong for this guy I love
climbing trees they're fine okay a lot
of people joy countries are here about
me online yeah may assume that I'm an
adult baby all day long oh all I do is
lay in my crib oh okay and the reality
is I do it about an hour to in the
morrow
in about an hour okay not doing the old
day all right that would be a bit weird
honestly because I'm still wondering how
he's paying the bills okay but he
apparently does have a job all right I
don't know how he explains that one at
work okay sorry being an adult baby it's
kind of a complicated subject yeah I got
it OH two reasons the first was because
I started wetting the bed when I was 13
okay and the diapers were away all right
okay also got into it around the same
time even more yeah as a way to cope
with the child abuse that was going on
oh oh okay well oh oh shit no okay well
now huh great great okay you could have
told me that a lot earlier now I feel
very bad but I spent like the past like
five minutes just roasting this guy it's
brew it down from child abuse okay well
well that changes things slightly
wouldn't you think that this isn't a
healthy way to cope with that all right
go see a therapist talk about that sort
of thing you know
don't you know become a baby I mean come
on I can't be the only one thinking this
isn't a healthy way to approach you know
child abuse okay go deal with the
situation like it like a man
and look like a baby cope with the child
abuse that was going on for me what the
diapers it just kind of became that
safeness oh and it's not sexual it's all
about just the safeness of be Oh as a
baby you're safe and protected oh oh and
that became what they meant for me Oh
everything is very friendly and mm-hmm
and safe it's just about being that
two-year-old okay that's that's nice
okay a very touching story okay but yeah
all right bit of a weird video all right
what do you guys think okay do you guys
think all right this guy needs to change
or do you think you know this guy just
likes being a baby likes taking a shit
in his diaper okay and you know just let
be happy and let him live his life you
know I I don't think it's it's
personally healthy okay I think this guy
needs to you know find some new hobbies
alright hopefully get a girlfriend you
know but yeah what do you guys think
okay do you think he should be left
alone or you know I think this guy needs
help
alright honestly because you know me
being a baby was a long time ago okay
alright there's just one more video from
this YouTube channel that I wanted to
check out and it's called Pony play and
I believe it's a very weird video about
people who like to dress up as ponies
alright we got a woman oh god oh god oh
no no no okay yeah
okay in public okay call it the whole
grave and everything okay he's pushing
some fat woman who's like he's videos
already just tired and I'm already like
what the hell's going on okay just dress
up as a pony we are Louisiana okay oh
hey you know making neighs making rock
we're doing this shit in public okay
come on now as someone who wants to be a
father one day if my kids said to me
having a pony play competition people
compete woman why she off make it okay
what are some guys out there walking his
dog okay and did you see this shit okay
what do you think okay I'll be running
I'll be running away screaming
pony-play competition when you play
tradition people compete on and events
in class oh mine as real horses these
events are very competitive just like a
regular horse show event we end up with
some crashes and wreck okay
I'm gonna beat you so hard
Wow okay I'm freaked out okay alright
there's some weird people in this world
alright I know this video was was me
watching you know people be weird and
watching weird people but you know to
wait for me put on the gear it put some
what into what they call a pony's face
and I see a lot of people that once they
put the gear on that actually turn into
horses oh the baby his mouth it's like a
ritual between us he needs that
transition to get into headspace oh and
I can feel through the bit when he
actually kind of changes from a human
space like plenty space we really we
really got people out here you know
pretend to be a horse you know dressing
up all right putting things in their
mouths okay you know this is a society
of people that all agree that yeah we
should be horses instead okay okay
express himself
okay now he's okay just just kind of
thing has a horse okay Crazy Horse okay
these people are all very weird
okay this woman's just laughing our ass
off all right a guy dressed up as a pony
the tack as the the pony equipment is
called is a very essential part from us
oh my god it's also very important to
adopting that role oh my god you're able
to change from the human aspect
to the money aspect and then a headspace
kind of way most really get into
character oh my lord oh my lord oh my
lord oh my god what what am i watching
what am i watching what am i ratchet
every weekend it's like so much fun it's
about expressing your inner personality
- oh I'm sure other people I'm sure I
can speak for live a life of Monday
through Friday that's not really an
expression of who they are
it's wellhe's their bills when you get a
chance to come out here and you get to
enjoy what you do and be around other
people enjoy similar things and enjoy it
with freedom to be weird
yes yeah I mean yeah yeah they're acting
like that like like they're trying to
normalize it all right they're just like
yeah yeah which is normal people came
Monday to Friday we'll just you know go
to work be normal okay and then on the
weekend you know we like to dress up
what do you guys think about this shit
okay because I am so confused they tried
to normalize it and say it's okay
alright it's okay to be weird alright
which is true you know I'm a weird guy -
alright I make youtube videos no talk to
myself to a camera by myself alright for
hours and hours a day alright that's a
weird thing I get it alright but there's
a difference between me talking to
myself and me dressing up as like a
horse in public okay do you guys think
you know it's fine you know just let
them be weird you know it's their life
let them be happy or do you think you
know like come on now finally find a
different pastime and you know okay I'm
I'm just gonna end the video here all
right guys I'm so confused alright avy
if you like this idea for a video or I'm
happy to make a part two if this video
reaches 30,000 likes or I wanna hear
what you guys think
alright so leave a comment alright
because yeah I have a very like strict
opinion about you know I am open to
changing my opinion if you guys think
differently but either way though you
guys so much watching please do not be
weird
alright just be normal and I'll see you
in the next video buh-bye
