oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
it is this yourself here again playing
Lucius - I missed you so much losers how
you doing today hey yes we are Lucius
how did you know so yeah we are back
with Lucius - sorry this took a while I
had some personal stuff I had to do but
nevertheless I'm so happy to be back I'm
not gonna bother with a story okay the
story is buddy shit I don't know what's
going on do you
of course you don't what was that okay
jackeline jackeline going to get some
food in a vending machine jackeline
hello son hello Jaden goddamn it was it
was so nice it makes me feel bad about
killing them or not so let me guess what
do I have to do I have to find a key nor
shit that's what this bloody game is
find the bloody key they should name it
Lucius the key comedy or this is the guy
that we have to kill Jack Morales
oh okay was this employees only okay the
decompression oh is that how a good job
you don't mind if I'm I control you do
you I'm just a doctor
going into the decompression chamber I
hope it don't kill me quickly close the
door lock the door yeah I love dimming
look at the panicking is that could you
open the door for me now Christ El Gordo
bloody died please can you open the door
for me I need to kill that guy sir thank
you just get rid of door your parents
where your bloody parents probably not
loving you
shitty okay so now we use the control
panel and he should
good to be killing people again can I
take your keys now who are we gonna kill
now we have to go in here the shower
door but I don't have the key but I did
how you doing nurse I see you got the
keys that I want okay guys I have an
idea okay we're going to get this wooden
stick okay and we're going to put it on
this pressure valve right here okay look
look within there that's right that look
it's a gun and now we wait
all right that's right that's right
that's right no I just stick up your
bomb and that killed you can't tie my
gruesome anyway thanks for the keys home
are we gonna get in there huh well we're
gonna get are we gonna kill Siegel by
Lucius
do not okay so I'm guessing I'll use the
same tactic okay put the wooden stick in
there and look it's boiling right in
this bottom you ready sir are you ready
to die it didn't kill him okay Oh
Wow oh my god when it's with this guy
why is this game so weird
please mess up okay I do not want to see
you today
it is too I to be senior Willy okay
goddamnit have some respect for yourself
I'm gonna get the hell out there
Jesus Christ this game I don't even know
what is wrong with this game so now we
have to go kill these three people okay
now I can't just walk in there how am I
going to kill him
wait is this dynamite what the hell why
is it Dinah - guy oh are we gonna
explode them yeah yeah so what I can do
is I can take this alarm clock and
combine it with the dynamite and do I
have a bomb now I think I do
hello guys I'm just gonna drop this bomb
over here okay don't mind a bomb and
guys don't walk don't mind a bottom okay
don't mind it okay I'm just I'm just
gonna I'm just gonna set off the bomb
now we wait
cut the camera like a pimple they're all
dead
thanks to Lucius Lucius who's this you
sound kind of different you know
Lucius yes yeah lucious I know who you
are okay so now I think we can actually
leave the hospital fight the Lord okay
this hospital levels drag on oh I won
over here don't mind if I do oh shit
shit okay guys we got to be very sick
okay so we opened the garage door okay
and can we leave now I think we can oh
shit there's a car over there shit okay
how do we kill him
there's a bottle of acid over here if I
just draw this acid or them with a
killer
can you be my dad dummy
best death ever
okay so here's my ride you remember the
detective he is on my side now and yes
we have completed the next level okay
I'm gonna do two more levels in the
episode because I love you guys okay
guys we are back with lucious - yeah
yeah I took a little bit break as one
wearing different clothes so I decided
to skip the cutscene cuz it was very
long and very boring okay
all I know is that this that lucious is
not the only devil son there is another
bugger running around killing people I
possibly that I want to kill people then
you are Caleb Caleb I'm going to need
that key of God okay now how am I gonna
kill him I don't know there's a fan over
there but I don't think that's gonna
kill him let me find another way hello
oh look at this guy he is under this
this car left uh oh shit think I can
break it and the cars gonna fall on him
out of my way kid that's it your God
don't bloody die okay so we take these
pliers okay and do we break this okay
guys you ready oh my god well at least I
have his keys no one's gonna notice
right I'm sure they won't hello I'm here
to shop I see you're selling fertilizer
goddamnit poo in a bag
what a great deal can I just take these
oh I can I'm just gonna stay with my
shop is that okay sir you don't mind
look at him he does not know what's
going on what's this a nail gun I have a
nail gun okay
equip the nails with the nail gun and
sir
oh my god lucious has a bloody gun what
give lucious a gun this is all pain this
is all b.o.b do I need to kill him all
he had was pliers I didn't even need to
bloody kill him oh the cash registers a
sword and everything you don't mind me
taking your money as well goddamn it
best shop ever take what you want oh
look guys there's a bloody bank you know
what we're gonna do guys since we have a
bloody gun we're going to rob the place
hold up this is a stick-up give me your
money bitch
and you stop panicking don't you don't
run don't run you pussy ha ha ha don't
think I'm about you everyone's dead now
it's time to get the money well here we
go guys the vault door oh I can't wait
to see what the treasure and the morn is
in this door ok safety deposit boxes can
I steal from them oh we need a key of
course we bloody lucky is everything
okay sweetheart
but this is a holdup give me all your
money brazen don't think about usana
ever this shit don't be give me a bloody
gun Gavin Belson food oh this is a
convenience store how convenient
can I take your money no what if I hide
behind and them cash register like your
diet it's bloody money here we go
these guys are stupid you know what sir
you just deserve to die
wait what's this a dildo oh why is there
a dildo right here next to some books
what is this Fifty Shades of Grey Fifty
Shades of Lucia's that's what I'm
talking about
what is pretty scaling seriously dildos
really a dildo a god damn dildo doesn't
okay guys I found something out if you
take this gasoline cannister okay and if
you equip it with a bag of poo that's
right a bag of manure you get a
home-made bomb okay and we equip this
with an alarm clock and we have a
triggered bomb hey guys it's just gonna
for this bomb over here I'm just going
to trigger it okay now we wait
oh my god that was so loud
Jesus Christ this game just runs
terribly god dammit
well thanks for the keys Caleb so with
this key I can now unlock this thing
which gives me more bloody keys and now
we can go get that Bible for whatever
reason I don't know okay so we can now
go in here and collect the Bible is that
it I think we can go now okay so I think
that is spats bed run from that shit
okay so we're gonna do one more level
okay and yeah I'm not sure if I'll show
this cutscene ah or not if it saw
something interesting I will but other
than that if it doesn't I won't okay
guys we are back with the next level so
the cutscene was long and boarding it
again or this showed was that there's
another man another devil I like I
already told you and he's been killing a
lot of people
alright so Lucius has to get even you
know kill more people so the way he's
gonna do this is that he we have bought
poison
okay now with this poison we're going to
poison the town's water supply so
everyone will drink it oh my god can I
die for me okay wait for the card okay
so there's a gate lever there and okay
so how are we gonna press it wait you
think I could just drop something on the
lever and it would
Oh stupid alright guys were in ok now oh
my god what's that is that a comet
a comet is going to it ah oh shit okay
so the apocalypse is coming look at look
at it guys you see in the story holy
shit wait I can take this air hose and
put it in that tire wait you think this
tire will blow up do you think I could
give someone by blowing up this tile
from too much air only one way to find
out I just got to wait for this guy to
come a little closer okay
now run run run run run hello sir hello
completely ignored that guy that guy I
don't understand I'm not going to lie I
don't understand so I figured I had to
kill this guy I have to overflow this
pipe okay and that will overflow and
kill it
it's okay don't know how fathers are
funny so how we kill that guy the one in
their right is that we usually saw it
see it's pointing right at it
where do you think I could do it from
here boom all right now use oh so with
that key that that guy gave me I can now
open this door okay not in here what's
in here in the toilet Oh someone doing a
poo why are you doing a poo he seems to
become an mellow sir he seems to be
completely okay with me staring at him
while he's doing a poo look at that face
so how we gonna kill this guy I think I
still have my gun my gun yeah that's
right you're dead I killed you why
you're doing a poo the worst waiter oh
Jesus Christ
but you're goddamn really away so what
are we dealing with now okay okay
there's a switch here was this - oh okay
oh my god do you think I can kill
someone by swinging that body Christian
can you come here please I'm not going
to kill you I promise
actually wow that's a die die good
Thomas okay so that there's actually
some crab lives cut coming to kill
people now all right follow me sir
follow me come closer okay
he's following me and no no wait okay go
over there sir
okay now wait for it wait for it no to
change the thing God got him yeah yeah
yeah yeah all right give me your keys
and baby Oh little Lucius doing some
parkour parkour parkour yeah Lucius you
go
what is this okay it's like a Lucius
doing parkour
all right go from here another ladder
what was that no I just don't ask any
questions okay guys here we go we are
now poisoning the water supply with our
very own poison look that's the poison -
dry baby - right yeah they're going to
die
all of them by the thousands so guys I
think that is the end of that level okay
guys I'm gonna end the video here um it
seems to be getting a bit better I don't
really know so yeah like I always say if
we hit 10,000 likes I will upload the
next episode and I promise you I will do
it quick this time I had a bad week last
week is the reason why I couldn't upload
it quicker then but um yeah I think
that's pretty much it I'm not sure I
might complete the game next episode and
do like a really long video because I
don't want this series to drag on a bit
you know it seems to be getting a bit
blue pestered now so I don't know if you
guys still want me to continue this it's
okay you know it's not as good Lucius
one in my opinion but um I'll leave that
up to you anyway guys I won't thank you
guys so much for watching and I will see
you in the next video mind see you later
guys love you Baba
I
