Brendon where are you I'm here baby
where's Patricia I'm hiding from you eat
stop hiding from me bitch where are you
you'll never change I fell how
girlfriend
where are you look all beat up
it's Johnny been hitting you again
sweetie Shawnee listen Johnny loves me
okay I don't mind the occasional bruised
knee okay great
great race raise the roof ray anyone
radio raise the roof yeah
spring break baby spring break baby yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah whoo
this is my reaction when I'm drunk uh
there you go that's how you do it we're
so drunk
nutrition homie we need to go back home
oh no this is how I have sex the guys
love it it's called the Petula oh yeah
oh yeah
Patricia I did not know you were a
lesbian well only in college so drunk
I'm so drunk
yeah come at me boys I'm coming hold on
I'm saying it shit oh wait I have extra
meat this time cuz I have Pippi's oh
yeah I'm gonna use these in my advantage
oh crap go first we're gonna get if you
got one oh the buttons all the shoulder
buttons in the arse come on all the
others at once
there's disco oh yeah okay now we just
got to do a few jumps look at this this
is how you win all the points y'all okay
I'm not cheating this is how you will do
it cheating okay
I'm sure it's done don't need this shit
I thought you're gonna chop the side
yeah bitch yeah oh yeah all right all
right you know I just owned rack up a
few points on the way down Oh Oh what
the fuck was that
yeah girl you need to calm down it was
my mating call Matt Shay is going down
but the question is can he go down hard
enough he jumped off Rex's spine or Lee
shit shit shit shit shit shit shit shit
shit ha ha ha damn local one do I wit is
it over yes no dude the torpedo son oh
okay all right you you that you really
that confident ha ha ha ha ha oh shit
that's it that's not Josh your design
JEP yeah Oh anything about you
especially your face would you say up on
my bloody face was that too much
yes it's very much too much okay right
I'm sorry oh look at you go hey baby oh
that's right hey veña veña veña okay I
demand a rematch which I do the Titanic
this is our Titanic it's not exactly the
same okay one of us is invisible right
now that's that's how it is
Jack I love you jack I don't love you
too I just wanted the poon draw me like
one of your french girls Jack I can't
because French girls are pretty and
you're not cause I'm coming for you Rose
how could you Rose don't let go Jack up
here oh shit parkour parkour parkour
jumps up to here and then okay so we
jump up to here panco parkour jump stir
here oh just the hair runs in here jumps
jumps jumps onto here oh oh oh
just here what bum bum bum
Oh
oh she had these clicks I think we
should be able to do it here Matt are
you trying to sell me your mi5 agents
you could undercover exposing glitches
for the Sky Tree community yes that is
Who I am I bloody well knew it there's a
shop called spooning spooning yes I
loved spoon what does that mean well do
I really need to explain this one to
your brides when you do it at the palm
isn't it the wrong hole
it's a joke about having anal sex when
you're meant to have vagina sex yes
that's a funny one that's the joke
squirt is what a squirt mean Matt what
is that a reference to but that's when
you know you got a water water gun oh
yeah okay that's what a squirt is I fill
it with orange juice yes on the bed and
then and then ejaculate from your vagina
while you're at it oh yeah okay oh look
at it oh man Oh bad we got a lot of
stuff we could do here Brandon look now
this does bad actually worked cool huh
you see this trick I don't see it cause
really good it was really good you can't
do it you know I could have I really
wild what it is I'm pretty sure no one
likes you the press loves you stop
that's without Brandon you see this
there's watch how I destroy your hopes
and dreams
ah crap ah I don't like you Brandon
Brandon wins Brandon wait it's not over
well well well Brando tonight don't hit
me this I can't look at it it's hurting
my eyes look at this cuz your face
stop references OHS cool no you time is
fuck you
Brandon wings Blandon wings not shall
loose my chair loose we sing the song we
sing the song when mindin wings when
Brandon we did your scars off man what
is there by watching right now didn't
remember my song i son what it might
what did the song say ah fight said that
you win okay you win and earn wins sing
with me man Brandon with renderings
matches match and look watch it I I
can't say it he's our pussy a lock on
the titty it tastes so good oh oh
Patricia bouquet versus a lot on the
blue team yeah who's gonna win
find out next week actually find out
right now
are you ready for this I founded the
best trick I could possibly do you ready
hey hey I'm ready
jeez Jesus okay I have to be zero
now if I do this
precisely
Oh
Renan Ratan
you're fucking with me Brendan goodbye
you with me you're laying the score he
didn't land it oh so much pressure
wait you screwed up points no you didn't
land was the bloody shit
bow your bloody voice up okay so since
I'm drag with mr. shitty trihard over
here I guess I got to show him up okay
Mackey watching I'm what yeah yeah and
of course because you got to take notes
you're taking notes I'm not yes yes take
notes right good are you gonna do
something or or nah okay it was okay
you're not you're not down you better
hurry all right Brandon you better hurry
up Brandon ready run do it you're a
credit okay you did oh my god no coding
rats I did it
mom mom you ain't got a mom I don't have
a mom no what yeah that's right bitch oh
I'm so gonna fuck I don't care no chain
takes the round in other words mess
yourself is better than that Shay in
every way look at you look at you in
your sexy character oh yeah Oh points
you're fine you're fine just just give
up good job and I'm gonna do a flip whoa
oh yes that was y'see okay okay that bad
dude do W press home young oh okay all
right redstone misses oh oh please you
please fuck you look at this shit what
is that no no no no oh no no no no no no
no you taking notes because look at this
oh that was just a man yelling get get
out what Lords now wanna talk about your
landslide hate everything
well economy out what yeah you the man
now you demand you pay them you pay them
to show up I won't put a crowd cheering
you on
I don't think so biatch raise raise
raise raise the roof raise raise raise
raise the roof
oh yeah uh excuse me
