ha ha ha hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is Moshe selfie yeah baby and
we are back with lucious too yeah yeah
I'm so excited to play this game again
thank you guys so much for the support
for the first episode I last time I
checked there was nearly at 20,000 likes
that's a whole lot of people and so
happy that a lot of you I just want to
see more of this game cuz I want to play
it so much so that way down down let's
start with level 2 'yeah lucious had a
vision each for one by one the answers
were there
the only questions why did one of his
followers decide to kill himself without
the boys blessing well why was everyone
talking about this small town called
Ludlow what happened there had the
prophecy begun without him the fourth
floor had a library on it newspapers
describing better the events of Ludlow
okay boy I also have more followers on
this floor also be calling on them for
answers look at qtz de luces I bet you
are bitch I bet your ass
our objective is is to locate and talk
to a follower kill the nun find the
second follower and find keys to the
library okay so this game has a story
but I'm not that interested in it are
you guys interested in it all I know is
that there's a rapture coming along and
someone's been killing people and hasn't
been losers okay so apparently the room
we need to be in is is here okay door
receptionist has the keys oh okay normal
people will be like not Lucius he's
gonna kill this whole don't mind me well
I gather your bitch what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna poison her coffee look as you
can see she's taking a drink of coffee
okay uh who is that we're coming to it
now get the pills get the pills put the
pills in the coffee okay now we wait
that bitch take the coffee hi dice
lucious why are you killing this ball
girl okay come on now
that's all I want the keys okay should I
put a body somewhere or shit okay I need
to dispose of a body body come along
okay it's gonna close these doors no
one's gonna know is the woman the dead
woman in the elevator right okay so now
that we have the keys we can go in here
okay hey mister hallo sir okay shit okay
so do we kill this guy I don't know what
to do okay maybe if I throw something
like that gas tank
go bother someone else will you oh you
little shit
shut up that's it I'm gonna freeze all
the newspaper was over okay so we didn't
actually have to kill that guy okay well
I'm sorry dude but come on now lucious
I'm Lucius okay so now we gotta talk to
one of my followers but what follower
okay the door is locked great all the
bloody doors are locked in this game Kay
I need to find key number 3000 a yeah
who's got that oh this guy has oh look
I'll ah I see he likes door can you be
with your parents shouldn't you shut up
and mind your own business
oh look at this poor guy singing Berto
sick almost this anesthesia machine died
take me all the dolls keenly people
we've never been so much fun okay so
what we do guys is we pick up his donuts
okay and then we merged a doughnut with
the pills okay because for some reason
that will kill him all right quip it now
throw it go fatty eat your doughnuts go
and eat the doughnuts no can you be with
your parents you eat the bloody Doris
you fucking wasn't this guy is doughnuts
you know what guys I've lost my patience
okay
so I'm just going to an easy way of
protecting the trusty elevator okay now
Lucius because he is a crazy gasps son
of the devil
he can mind-control people okay now if I
think I can mind-control this guy look
and now I'm playing is this guy liquor
Lucius okay now we got a run over to the
elevator jumping jumping yes
look at that jump this Keys oh my god
okay okay well this cow died
another one of my father would died
okay great
okay what we're gonna do now guys is
we're gonna kill than none do you
remember the none that we attacked in
the beginning of the game okay well
apparently she is on this floor
recovering from when Lucius attacked her
okay and now we're going to finish the
job
this stupid nun Oh sh are you here to
meet sister Marie oh yes sorry kid I'm
not allowed to let anyone into a room Oh
out of my way see right okay so
apparently he's holding the keys for
that room
okay where's the nun oh look I can see
the nun in that room over there that's
right I wonder if he will eat the
doughnuts that I throw on the floor oh I
think he will I think it's gonna eat it
oh yeah that's right bye Joe what's this
a pillow I said we can now unlock the
doors and talk to our follower okay what
is that do you remember this guy from
the first game probably Navi didn't
watch my series but they see me rollin
they hatin they won't to see me by the
dirty whoa we have now done level two
now I'm going to make these videos a bit
longer so I'm gonna carry on while
stranger whispers from Ludlow kept
surfacing around the hallways
Lucius found out that his biological
father Charles Wagner somehow survived
the burning down team oh my god is very
hospice
my dad's alive the man had to die before
waking up endangering the class oh ok so
are we gonna kill my dad again finish
the job dad
you little shit you've been a pain in my
teeth ok so our objective is to find
more information okay
fight info about your father and talk to
the Ludlow man ok so that's a story here
but I haven't been following it that
well yeah look at me I'm just so cute
shit look at this hospital now aren't
gonna close the doors hey guys you
jealous of my bike I know you are ok
don't deny it
do you guys hear that oh my god what the
hell what the hell is this
why would you put the game developers
what the hell it lucious one that was a
sex scene okay
I know in lucious who there is why is it
me to game and having gay sex and not
hospital no I'm just gonna walk away
guys anyway what are we doing here okay
so there's free there's a cot okay I
don't I'm still traumatized guys we need
to unlock this locker to find out more
information about my dad this guy has
the key
how do we kill it oh look there's
explosive gas tanks now I think I can
use this to kill them
okay me to kill that guy alright so we
flew a man aim it right here and then
throw something okay so I can now unlock
this thing shut up little shitty okay so
now do we know where my dad is now okay
so apparently my dad is on the second
floor great I'm guessing this is in the
second floor okay come on come under the
fan now
go get it yes yes yeah I don't even know
what these keys are for but you know
what
thank you very much dad are you two
still having sex or Jesus Christ what
what why why Jaden backside what a
fitting name indeed you guys are serious
right now
I'm back
okay so I'm in lab one hello sir okay so
I need to go in here need to kill this
guy Jesus Christ so much killing
hospital and he's also in anesthesia
okay okay okay I'll go and I did break
that my control okay now walk under oh
okay damn it killing seems like more of
a chore in this game when I was gonna
take the keys see you later now why only
the keys again oh yeah to go investigate
some bollocks or another shit okay well
I think that's the end of level 3 should
I do another level um I don't really
know that it's pretty much the same
thing that I'm doing right now I think
maybe we'll play a bit more I'm not
really sure I'm gonna make these
episodes as long as possible for you
guys who love Lucas from the 3rd floor
he managed to gather a lot more
information about yeah ok
but more importantly he found out that
Charles Wagner oh yeah we the killer -
oh yeah we're not gonna end episode here
we have to kill our dad who's just
finally realized that he was in fact not
the only son of the devil oh my god that
he would have to work for the attention
of his fear there's another lucius out
there no
hello daddy hello daddy
you do you remember me huh
do you remember me oh wait
anesthesia
is that it we killed our dad what I
thought would be more dramatic than that
come on now
okay so I oh okay game calm down okay
guys the game is bugging out a lot right
now so I'm actually gonna end the video
here I think I might wait till Friday
when the game comes out because then
it'll be a lot less buggy but I don't
know I think I'm gonna progress in the
story a bit until like we can pass this
hospital levels because it's pretty much
the same thing all I'm doing it's
finding keys and then killing people the
same way I wanna there's there are other
levels in this game and I actually want
to get to that and kill people in more
creative ways okay so when we hit 10,000
likes I'll upload the next episode
straight away okay it's probably gonna
be on Friday when the game comes out I
may upload it earlier it depends how
fast we can get it but anyway guys I
want to thank you guys so much for
watching I love I still have failed in
this game even though it's a bit buggy
in a moment and yeah I will see you in
the next video man see you later guys I
love you ba ba
