hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is Monsieur selfie hey guys and as you
can see with this big fat smile on my
face I'm excited to bring you a let's
play of Lucius to the prophecy now if
you are old school fan of mash yourself
Lucius one was the first let's play I
ever did on the channel and it was
probably the best I could ever ask for I
think like the first video look like it
might like 16 minutes or something like
that
Lucius 1 was an awesome game and
everyone loved it it's a game where you
play as the devil's son and you've got
to kill people and harvest their souls
for the devil I know doesn't that sound
amazing I really hope you guys can get
behind it by hitting that like vile when
we hit eight thousand likes I will
upload it straight away I just want to
thank Matt Shea for giving me an early
copy the game comes out Friday so well
yeah without wasting any of your time
let us start the goddamn game ok the
whole house burned down to the ground
then we couldn't save them all ok I
managed to get the boy out and at that
time I was convinced it was his father
Charles okay so it's continuing from the
last game in these situations the
procedure was to take the boys a
psychiatric evaluation so I headed to
st. Benedict's Hospital the very same
hospital he was born in it was only
fitting a visited once more he was
sitting quietly in a back seat the hood
was staring at me through the
when we arrived just before the nurses
came to get him he leaned forward and
whispered something in my ear the hair
on the back of my neck stood up as I was
overwhelmed with emotion the whispers
kept running through my head but this
was no ordinary kid him
no he is not an ordinary they returned
to my apartment I started to put the
pieces together they well any of the boy
yeah that's right I like that seriously
that's right I killed all those troubles
right all along was I actually helping
yes yes only said the devil you're him
aren't you come now you have been able
to sense it all along
deep inside you there's been something
telling you to do the right thing yes
yes oh my
we are all just part of his plans my job
is to make things slightly more
interesting ha ha who is the one who
actually devised the attraction made
what I'm just putting my little twist on
the whole thing
Oh rats is coming along fulfilling his
wishes here so just relax and listen to
what I have come up with for the boy now
I was conflicted but eventually I had to
give in so that looks like a well that
looks like an image well ok Lucifer had
a plan it was
it was my job to see after lucious it
took six months until the boy was
walking again
oh no blood was spilled someone up there
was happy it finally happened when they
brought two new patients in oh here we
go
they were both rambling about a prophecy
to make things more interesting the
other one was a woman of the cloth
immediately Lucius realized that there
was more than he had induced yeah what's
the fire inside him again he was not
foreseen useful again
however the employees have managed to
pull him down no it was drugged
trying to shock therapy shock therapy
the boy gathered a following throughout
the hospital
some of the patients naturally looked
after the boy those little buggers the
shackling in prison
ready to be shocked nollie did not know
what they could not guess the answer to
a question what happens Oh
goddamn that's right baby
that's right this is lucious to the
prophecy yeah what an intro that was
pretty long I'm not sure if I'll show
all of that loose just to see ok guys
I'm so excited to play this and there I
am Here I am
yeah yeah I always thought lucious was
the cutest little guy ever lucious it's
so good what happened to his body Jesus
Christ lucious who's this you I'm sorry
but I just had to kill him you know
being a devil son and everything so our
objective is to break out the room okay
so we need that keys over there I can
pick up this electric shock rod yes sir
guts oh okay calm down now sir Jesus
Christ okay I'm gonna pick up the keys
to her bye-bye now you'll be able to
take care of yourself okay good
I'm gonna be escaping from the mental
asylum god damn it okay hello anyone
here oh she should be quiet be quiet
guys be quiet okay what's in here Oh
khasim okay okay okay okay oh shit
oh the fine that's right those gentlemen
we're going to kill him with the fan or
coffee wait what oh we could electrocute
wait can we
can we let your kid okay so what options
are to poison the coffee okay poison the
coffee electrocute the faucet or break
the ceiling fan oh shit he's coming okay
he's the plan guys electrocution that's
not that's not fun poison the coffee
that's not fun we're gonna go for the
fan kill okay now there's a fan on his
head I think maybe you froze something I
don't know that would be my first guess
okay sitting down okay throw it throw it
throw it throw it throw it
no I love this game with so much fun
killing people in the most creative
waves I'm sorry sir
you're probably an ass guy but I need
these keys okay see you later now
buh-bye now can I take this can of tuna
for the road thank you very much okay so
can we open this door now all right
sweet open the door so what's our
objective okay objective complete break
out so what do I do now
men's ward oh here we go
okay we've got to open all the doors
okay Jim dude you should just do the
men's okay let's do everything the
children's ward the women's ward and the
isolation ward
well degrade the people like me would be
okay so what's this and she told me that
I was the problem women can't live with
him can't kill him why is this face
between a woman's breasts and her hips
called the wave
because you could easily get another
ferret sits in there that's not funny
man that's it I wanna kill these sexist
pigs okay women that they deserve rights
just like the rest of us okay so we
throw that up there okay what do I do
for another one wait what
Oh
oh it lagged for a bit and I couldn't
see anything
yeah this game's gonna have bouts
because it's pre-release there are still
some bugs in but what did that coon can
of tuna fell on the stove and then
exploded everyone damn it thanks for the
keys though bye-bye now yes objective is
talk to the man
god damnit escaping from the mental
asylum scary okay what was we got over
here
okay I can now unlock this door talk to
the man
Oh Oh Ludlow Ludlow
what does Ludlow me I cut I love this
game I love it already killing people is
so much fun
cut down this guy's crazy look at this
right on his wool devil boy oh he knows
he's on to me he's on to me okay close
the door devil boy okay don't call me
devil boy alright so I'm just gonna
leave you back all right you just keep
calling Ludlow and devil boy alright see
you later now okay so you know the two
people that came into the wood that one
was one of them okay but he's crazy
we don't need him and the other one was
the none are we gonna go killed a nun
yeah sure how we couldn't okay with a
nun okay guys I found the nuns room oh
shit
okay the janitors there the janitor is
cleaning the room Oh damnit ah shit okay
it's a book crazy man running through
the doors so I think the nuns room is
locked and we need to kill the janitor
and get his keys okay but the question
is how do we kill him
okay elevate a panel wait can I break
the elevator oh oh oh that's right we're
gonna make him slip in there hose could
be amazing okay so the janitor goes over
there to clean up the mess
so what we're gonna do guys you see that
you see that thing on that table alright
that's liquid okay now what I'm guess
is that we put the slippery liquid near
the elevator so they just they just go
through the door wizard okay Jesus
Christ okay is he gone now all right
let's try the shit again quickly before
he comes back
okay so fraud applies on here up break
it all right now pick that slippery
liquid look at that guy does not know
what any better okay so now what I do I
put the slippery liquid all over here
that's right all over here that's right
and now when he comes to mop it up
should this guy's stupid oh crap
I would happen actually if he spots me
I'm just gonna go around here you stupid
man what's your problem can I make him
spit okay I didn't think that would work
I thought that worked okay so now I have
the keys to go to the nuns room now
where's the nuns room again what is this
guy doing dancing around what what are
you two doing come on now YouTube you
guys are crazy all right
to a Dawson doing the cha-cha Hey Oh
doing the cha-cha doing the cha-cha
this is the new dance move guys you're
gonna jump on it hey don't dance with us
oh okay where's the nuns room again oh
shit this guy is blocking the nuns room
okay we're gonna have to kill him guys
oh here we go
compelling items attract / a person to a
spot okay so this is a wallet okay
so throw the cans break the hatch okay
so if I throw this wallet on the floor
near the hatch will he come oh he's
coming he's coming coming quickly for I
can quick quick quick quick quick quick
damn it I missed so I throw the wallet
on the floor okay now if I open the
store he should go for it all right now
we aim gone go for the wallet go for the
wall you pussy
go over the wallet anymore come on now
it's mommy therefore now go go go go go
go go go go go go going back a bit go
back a bit
oh my god
ma jor haha I can't believe that word
shit okay and here's the keys thank you
very much sir goddamnit
alright oh my god oh my god
that woman killed herself didn't
unkilled herself
what is this okay well at least I
leveled up boy found his father was
hanging at the end of a rope in this
room okay
I'm a floor there was a note that said
forgive me for I have chosen wrong
oh she was praising God but still
eventbrite and Lucius the crazy devil
so our next objective is to get our sued
yeah baby
Lucius he's always known for he's always
known for his goddamn suit okay Oh crazy
man in the halls again
hallo crazy man how you doing okay here
we go
here's my suit back yeah yeah look a
Lucius he's so cute he's so he is so
adorable
okay leave the floor we escaping from
from the crazy Purcell now shit I think
we are wait is that it level complete
okay ladies gentlemen that was the first
mission now I need you guys to show
support if you want this series like the
support and Lucius one when I did that
let's play was absolutely amazing and I
really want to do this as a let's play
it's such a looks like such gonna be
such a fun game I love killing people
Lucas is so adorable so if when we hit
eight thousand likes I will upload it
straight away okay that means I could
upload it tomorrow if we can hit it in
that time I hope you guys enjoy the game
comes out Friday if you want to try out
for yourself and yeah I want to thank
you guys so much for watching and I'll
see you in the next video man see you
later guys I love you ba ba
