hello everyone how is everyone doing in
this measure selfie the far cry master
oh oh I support it that's right ladies
gentlemen we're playing in the fire
craft ball back again now today we're
gonna do something a little bit
different we're gonna go over to the map
browser and do some custom maps on this
bitch I'm surprised I haven't done this
sooner because I checked some of the
maps and they're amazing you know like
that's so good and I'm so sure that
they're so good so today what I'm gonna
be doing is I'm gonna be doing the top
rated featured okay now you may sit you
may have done these before or seen
someone else do it but I don't know as a
first try I thought I would do it myself
and you guys can let me know in the
comment section down below I said if
this video hits eight thousand likes I
will continue this as a weekly series
okay but let's start doing some custom
apps baby
the first map is gold dangerous it is
the dangerous hunt okay but come on now
I'm the Far Cry master okay okay I have
ten minutes to kill free animals come on
now okay to be scared I'm not gonna lie
I am kind of scared okay I am usually
good to hunt animals but I have no men
in that as you can see okay so I don't
know what's going on okay calm down I've
got a soft heart you know okay last time
I bloody died here and the animal and
the tiger snuck up behind me but I'm not
gonna let that happen
come on tiger show yourself
there is where is it little tiger okay
so we've got nine more minutes left to
kill two more come on now
he's a peasy lemon squeezy you know that
new tiger I'm not scared of you anymore
little shitty dagger come on now he's
shitty there is it is it is you see him
guys you don't cuz you're not as good as
me you're not as good as shot down tiger
where's your mummy okay one more left I
thought this was meant to be a dangerous
hunt okay come on now
easy-peasy you know come on fill me in
lemon de squeezes my god come out you
little shit be shitty come on I got
running out of time wait is I did what
the hell is that Daddy is the little
shitty tiger look at them sitting there
like he's our boss ass bitch the hot tub
has become
Oh animals let's go over to the map okay
what the hell okay selling me to Hill
but I'm a goddamn ninja okay I need a
hill drugs that's not for me then I
thank God come on come on what's up
look at this shit I'm a ninja I am a
ninja I should not be playing this game
I should be playing ninja games cool
okay move on moving on to the next map
the next lap ladies and gentlemen is
cool ghost town subscale guys Homer
please hold me please okay we have
spawned in ghost Canyon shit shit
what does this mean I don't know I can't
hear anything
can you guys hear anything or shit
hooked up what is that
what does JIT what is that there's a
bloody ghost wait a second I have no
weapons
oh shit okay I guess I'm have to do is
stealth shit okay there's a guy off that
no that guy over there
shit shit what do i do what do i do huh
well what do i do oh no shit shit okay
I'm just gonna sneak on bar that goes
can yet that the ghosts scaring off
holes
shit shit shit shit okay can I can i
knife this guy do I have a knife
please tell me I have a knife oh shit
don't see me don't see me these ghosts
they stupid hey ghost was timeless then
you don't even know do you
let's go sneak on ma see you later ghost
bye-bye now
look at him go over there I am s I am a
smooth machine look at me whoa Kunal ba
la smooth machine okay if I get spotted
I think the game is over
okay we've only got two minutes left
shit shit on my head
okay gone walk alone bye mr. ghost gone
gone walking by jump over here shit so I
guess I have to do this again huh I have
to do this again okay okay that's fine
okay dose all right I love goals they're
my friends
no one saw me
no one saw me I'm telling you guys I am
the ninja
why is the three I don't know I don't
know I've gone mad guys I know I've
already I've already been mad but I've
got even madder okay I'm gonna have to
just run up this guy and kill him okay
if there's oh shit no no no no
forever
Oh
no I won't they better not see me I'm in
the bush okay
shit look at his face he knows he knows
he knows I mean I'm telling you he knows
I'm here
look at that face I smell Brendan hey
Billy do you see burning everywhere no
no see okay we can have lunch today
Billy Loes making a chicken he's got a
friend guys what do I do we got a friend
he's got a friend okay they turned
around they turn around this is good
news this is good nose in the bush ha ha
the bush is my friend and Bush's my
friend okay should I kill him I I feel
brave I'm going to do it I'm going to do
it I made it
objective God bleed extraction zone lid
yeah yeah yeah yeah you know the deal
he's MC Brandon coming in with another
custom that extraction point reached god
damn look at this piece of ass on this
bitch that was hard
these maps are cool I'm gonna move on to
the next one okay so the next map is
called stealth nightmare I just did a
bloody stealth shit okay so we have to
kill 13b
easy peasy lemon discrete do not know I
am do not know man come on come on with
your friend oh baby come to the postage
bread get shit on this map is called
stealth nightmare I'm not having
nightmares
mr. map mega ok this is a dream this is
this is a dream
praise the Lord get shit on okay Bob and
Billy did not know what to do
Ron's gonna shit on Billy see you later
Billy and see you later Bob shut up just
shut up just shut up okay watch this
watch these guys I see you okay she
didn't baby now I wait what is he
sitting on what is that a piece of wood
I don't like that to mess yourself loins
of the short can he do it hey bloody
liar gone come on one more one more
why do you mate failed what do you mean
funny Mike give me a break give me a
break what do you mean I struck you
enough ice why are you failing me like I
shot you twice and you still come after
me like you're a bloody terminator did
it look like a terminator no he doesn't
know he doesn't know no no no no no no
no what do you mean no one saw that
so what's all that
last one I swear to god I'm not gonna
mess this one up I'm gonna go right to
his shitty face okay huh let me ha do
you remember me I did it I did it I did
it our stone cold did it okay the
nightmare much greater I just shot on
your map what you're going to do nothing
will see with your shitty map Jesus
Christ took the living hell on me okay
do I even have enough energy to do any
more okay guys the last map we are going
to do is called world war do okay now
seems easy enough let's play this shit
oh my god is this is this detai oh my
god they're real acting oceans with
their reenacting DJ wait a second I'm
playing as the Germans I'm playing is
the goddamn Germans do this I am British
okay you're British wine you aren't all
time okay this is really offensive right
now playing as Hitler I'm in luck hello
the British oh just owning these guys
this is horrible why would someone make
this mob British soldier I'm not this
fine Hitler I am I'm going to kill the
British British person no I think
British an American so I think so I
could not remember histor and it is
through a long time ago oh so are you
right I was with okay all right Oh
enemies complete or enemies eliminated
sorry guys I'm gonna end the video here
that makes were a lot of fun okay these
maps they're really really good so let
me know in the comment section if you
want me to do more of this if we 8000
likes I will definitely do more this
that
how are knowing the more of a demand and
yeah you can actually make some maps for
me I do play on PC but if you make some
maps on the ps4 I will try them out
there if you guys want me to it'll be
awesome
if you guys want me to do certain things
if you guys want equipment some maps and
yeah oh and they start watching and I
will see you in the next video man here
later guys I love you hello MA
