hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is majus lb hey how you doing today I'm
accompanied by rocky you can see rocket
in the background over there sleeping in
my bed
who the hell does he think he is look at
his cat over here licking himself start
licking herself stupid cat
look at him he has never seen me do a
YouTube video before I'm actually quite
scared I'm not used to performing with
an audience but today ladies and
gentlemen we are playing a flash game
kick out YouTube troll it is a flash
game devoted to youtubers it is like
YouTube the video game okay well alright
let's get into it let's press play okay
Oh storyline ladies gentlemen okay
there's a troll he is on YouTube and he
clicks the button dislike why haha I'll
dislike all the heads gray videos and
copy and paste spam already you can stop
me oh god damn it George
meanwhile in the let's play a secret
base cuz you know we all will have our
secret base what is this this PewDiePie
braz ptb hair beautify obviously
addresses him in third person brows
Peter pie hey I need your help we need
to kick out this troll kick him out okay
stick out your best story ever 10 out of
10 IGN okay let's play ok ok what's with
that trolls laugh wait what is it doing
with his hand is he fat bangs we've got
captain sparkles over here
William click anywhere to use brofist ah
ok click as fast as possible to dig
troll and get more likes ok oh ok
captain sparkles - shit okay it's one of
these games where you have to make the
troll go as far as possible no no quick
with bricks okay okay so I got 348 light
you know for YouTube video okay so
there's a shop apparently and in this
shop you could buy upgrades oh okay I
see how it is we buy it with likes
apparently because that's how YouTube
works okay hey batter batter something
go Gammons vocals beat your shit and i'm
full system in the bum oh there's a
balloon
look at me go whoo god damn it I win
well I went high then Jesus Christ cake
up sparkles if it there is dig you dig
you're brilliant
okay cat sparkles - dude I didn't mine
in like your minecraft let's play video
684 likes on that run it's not bad man
I'll take that I'll take that to the
YouTube Bank now okay troll you ready
for this don't love your stupid role
look at the poster that he's gone top
comment on YouTube god dammit this
distro with his dank memes well I'm
gonna shit on your memes bro festive oh
my god it's my breakfast of metal hand
know what
what the hell okay come on dinky Disney
holding it ready click come on
CaptainSparklez mind his ads lucky to be
the dam ok the balloons got goin troll
you were gonna fly in the sky look at it
go oh I love you character is that is
that ksi
I'm not ksi as a character what alright
how do I use case alright shop change
character okay cool
oh look now care size hitting it okay
come on care sir we just shit out of it
so oh wait here we go Odom player click
Launch button to kick out trolls as far
as possible
oh as kids are gonna get him because
he's a FIFA okay
he's a dick in guess I can mark out the
output of the shit out the shit yes
going mouse chose comes Marcos you're
gonna get in the action offense
you could using on a runaway some of
your trolls - I could see ya
okay I think I'm locked in the character
now yes i lot who is that uh that could
be anyone generic white male with a
headset I think that's meant to be
Tobuscus I look I don't know that could
be anyone I don't I literally go belt
count to strike ain't and shoot cause as
much damage as possible okay so what do
we do now throw arrows okay maybe it is
Tobuscus okay god damn it look at this
momentum ladies and gentlemen oh damn
sparkles okay
the one it's going to be the shit out of
him anyway no no no no no no no no no
one comes back with Tobuscus
don't run away please various yes yes
oh my god oh uh who's that
I don't know I'm sorry guys if you guys
didn't know this actually happens to you
if you are a troll in an that yeah you
don't want to be a troll come on now do
you want to be kicked by ksi and mined
by captain sparkles I don't want to yes
I look okay so now I'm feeling that this
is gonna be the one where we complete
the game I'm not even sure there is an
ending to the game apparently there is
okay no it's gone PewDiePie it is ass oh
there we go
okay falcon lover falcon lover ex ex ex
ex will take troll sky alright so what
we do Oh flying giraffe white okay uncle
lover PewDiePie meme uh take me to the
sky okay we've got the troll down more
than half okay now we're gonna shoot him
come on bang bang sure to troll that's
what you get or dislike am I ready homes
why are we there is so much I love just
remembering now all he did was this
light one of my videos we're so close
goddess we are so close good for the
lights a space alright go go I am so2
Bosco's - hunter shoot down margrock
arrows at his fighters alright come on
now he's so dead he is so dead right
boom skadoosh man go go go go oh wait
hot whitey slow down one D come on come
on come on quick yes Oh exploded
Vitalogy game over you defeated bad
troll now pieces back on the internet
thanks Game Developers
haha so guys I'm gonna leave a link to
the game in the description down below I
used to play a lot of flash games when I
was a kid if it brings back some
memories now in the spirit of disliking
videos I want to do a little bit of
experiment today I want the dislike bar
and the like bar to be 50/50 okay so
that means if there's more likes than
dislikes
then you dislike it and if there's more
dislikes than likes that you like it
okay and I want an even bar where it's
50/50 okay I'm leaving you with that
responsibility okay do not disappoint me
but anyway guys um I'm gonna end the
video here let me know if you want to
see more flash games thank you guys so
much for watching and I will see you in
the next video on mine see you later
guys love you bye bye
