hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mash yourself there today we are back
with would you rather now in the last
would you rather video I said if this
video reaches 50,000 likes I will rub
Nutella all over my body and please tell
me how ok why did I even say that ok I
went out and bought a giant tub of
Nutella this is 3 kilograms of pure
Nutella ok and I bought it all right
cost me 40 pound by the way it's just a
big tub of Nutella ok and this is going
where ok grab a Nutella oh god why am I
doing this oh yeah Nutella all over me
okay time for my face now
okay well that was me covering myself in
fully Nutella okay you know what guys
you know I think I'm gonna stop the
would you rather series from now on okay
because you know it's getting too
ridiculous at this point okay
I don't wanna be doing these dumb shit
in the videos okay this is gonna be the
last
would you rather video all right if this
video reaches a hundred thousand likes
I'll do something crazy next would you
are the video but other than that the
series is ending today anyway we're back
okay so would you rather run someone
over or be run over where hang a second
can you guys someone over I might go in
jail okay and they might bloody sue me
but if I'm run over okay I can sue them
and take all that in both cases the
victim would live but be severely
injured oh okay so I'll be severely
injured so the real question is do you
want to potentially go in jail or
potentially get sued or do you wanna you
know be injured from being run over
taking my goddamn money I'll just be run
over okay
sixty-six percent people agreed would
you rather be unable to survive well in
L 100 would you rather be unable to
taste anything for the rest of your life
okay if I'm unable to taste anything for
the rest of my life okay that means a
lot of things I just gonna taste like
shit but that means you know I can eat
healthy food because you know it's
healthy and it doesn't taste bad because
you know I've got no taste buds but if
you are unable to survive without eating
something every hour you could just eat
like a tic-tac or a mint or something
every hour okay and that's not a big
deal but then again you kind of have to
do it while we're sleeping - okay I'll
be unable to taste anything for the rest
of my life yeah yeah now I already pick
this one because you know you know I'm a
fat piece of shit and I need to go on a
diet okay I'm still at the banana by the
way what you have two million YouTube
subscribers or 1 million Twitter
followers well I have 4 million ok so
I'd rather have one Twitter followers
because no one Falls me into it because
no one cares about me honestly they just
watch me for just content ok to
entertain themselves but they don't
actually give a shit about me at all but
if I didn't have 4 million YouTube
subscribers I'll pick the YouTube
strummers because you know you can make
money off youtube ok why arnt isn't
everyone doing it ok I'm just free money
83% okay that's how that's how dumb of a
question that was would you rather have
a blind date with a homeless person boy
I can't wait to see my date I can't wait
to see my date oh would you rather kiss
a homeless person
you own a browser give me a kiss Oh
missingno homeless person okay miss me
would that gay shit okay but if I go on
a blind date with him or at least I can
pool by the poor guy Emil but he ain't
getting no kissy at the end of the day
okay well maybe you might get a kissy it
depends if he's a gentleman all right
yes seventy-five percent okay pleasant
twenty five percent of people wanna kiss
a homeless person would you rather be
able to transform into anything / anyone
on the world I wish to be a banana
banana or would you rather be able to
teleport anywhere in the world I wish to
teleport to the saddest place in the
entire world so it's basically saying
you can transform into anything or
anyone or you can teleport but still be
yourself so yeah because I love myself
I'll pick teleport anywhere in the world
okay whoa okay I mean this is pretty
tough but I mean forty-nine percent of
people where you know I hate this to
hate themselves okay that's why they
picked up would you rather have all
fingernails and toenails removed quickly
oh would you rather have deep paper cuts
on the webbing between each and toe
slowly bloody would you rather no I'm
gonna skip it okay if you guys want to
vote vote in that poll okay because I
know answering that would you rather
always run or always crawl okay well
that's the dumb dumb dumb ass question
okay if I crawl oh okay I'll be late to
everything that I do okay but if I'm
running then you know I'll just be early
you know I mean I look like an idiot but
you know I'll always run yeah I mean I
got time to crawl everywhere you mad
would you rather win an Oscar would you
rather win the Nobel Prize okay no
seriousness all right I think you
actually get like millions of dollars if
you win a Nobel Prize okay so you're
actually getting loads of money but I
think an Oscar is just you know well
done you won an Oscar now piss off so I
should pick win a Nobel Prize but you
know what I want to be famous
okay so I'll win an Oscar whoa okay I
was actually expecting everyone to pick
an Oscar but yeah okay I changed my mind
actually I went in it win a Nobel Prize
would you rather not be able to feel any
pain okay I'm gonna slap myself just for
this video
ah oh I was meant to do that and not
feel any pain okay Oh would you rather
have extremely brittle bones oh my god
how much mr. meme that okay I didn't
can't even pretend to do that you know
uh that just makes me feel uncomfortable
I think not be able to feel any pain is
a good thing
right I mean then again you won't know
if you're dying but ya have extreme
brittle bones okay that means you're
pretty much gonna die any second now
yeah 93 percent that's so high because
it's so dumb
alright extreme what why would you
choose this would you rather have to get
around on all fours all the time
would you rather only make animal noises
back so I think they're saying in this
question that I can't speak now I can
only speak in animal noises okay and I
kind of need to speak that's kind of
important alright so I'll give up
walking like a normal person for that
okay yeah fifty-eight percent value
speaking rather than their legs would
you rather get punched in the mouth with
a mouthful of razor blades or get
punched in the mouth with a mouthful of
needles
he's probably paying questions okay they
just make me cringe okay cuz I imagine
myself doing it I don't imagine myself
doing that I mean I'm guessing razor
blades are more pointy but needles are
just pointy in two places so I'll
probably pick needles or bud
yeah that's disgusting which rather eat
fast-food burgers every night or eat
Chinese takeout every night Jesus Christ
and and it's called the American diet
okay I would hate to do both of these
things okay because I like to keep my
diet pretty mixed up when I buy a
Chinese takeout does have like
vegetables and stuff on their menu but
fast-food burgers you know if you if you
do that every day you would die early so
I'm gonna pick Chinese takeout okay 58
percent alright what do you guys think
would you rather be near-death huh
or would you rather hear everything this
would you rather is actually quite funny
okay because imagine hearing everything
two minutes later you're basically deaf
at that point because you're not hearing
things at the time you're hearing them
later alright so you pretty much are
deaf but I don't know okay you're pretty
it's basically saying I you you want to
be deaf want to be deaf I'll click be
near death because if I'm near death
then I can sort of hear it would you
bother have extremely muscular arms
we're not trying to brag or anything
okay oh would you rather have extremely
muscular legs okay now they're saying
the word excrete extremely okay I can't
even say the word extremely picture a
professional bodybuilder the muscles
would look like that okay so it's not
ridiculous but it is the size of a
bodybuilder I mean this is kind of hard
because if you had extremely muscular
arms you would need to get the rest of
your body proportion to that okay and I
think having strong legs you know would
help a lot more I think I would prefer
to control the size of my arms okay so
I'm have to go with legs okay but yeah
69% of people you know would rather skip
leg day would you rather have a British
accent well that's pretty much me Oh
would you rather have an Australian
accent
do we do make koala base yeah I'm gonna
be totally honest I don't like my
British accent okay I don't think it
suits me that's why I keep split
flopping on accents alright one second
I'm Indian one second number is okay so
yeah I think it would be cool to have an
Australian accent oh but 62 percent of
people I disagree apparently would you
rather be a professional taser teste oh
no no no oh would you rather be a
professional beanbag gun testy what the
hell's that Oh No
okay don't want to get tasered or don't
wanna get shot with a beanbag gun oh god
what is that
I mean Tasers can't kill you all right
but beanbags can Bruce all right and
I've actually always wanted to know what
it's like being tasered you know just
for the fun of it you know that it's fun
right so I'm gonna have to pick taser
okay but oh I actually get 56% of people
disagree with me would you bother
was your mind that's pretty much mean a
nutshell or lose your significant other
oh no so basically go crazy and lose
your life pretty much or lose the person
that you love the most
man okay yeah I'm at the pic lose my
mind okay yeah cuz I'm a gentleman like
that would you rather have a real
lightsaber or save a random African kid
from starvation okay come on how obvious
choice air but you know it's not gonna
be a hundred percent okay it's gonna be
a ridiculous what you are the cheese
great your upper arm Oh slide down a
fireman Pole covered in tax into a pool
of robbing uncle don't answer this okay
cheese great my upper arm okay oh geez
would you rather get run over by a car
and die or kill five small children with
your car that's so mean okay I can't
kill children all right I mean I'll go
in jail first off all right but yeah I
have to do the killing all right so I'll
risk my life just to save the children
all right apparently 34% of people you
know will happily run over those dumb
kids would you rather eat your favorite
food for the rest of your life or eat
whatever you want but never gain weight
wait what eat well of course is this one
okay your favorite food for the rest of
your life cop I can just do that with
this but never gain weight as well by
doing that I did okay guys you know what
I think I'm gonna end the video there
like I said you know III think the would
you rather series has you know I had you
know a lot of fun you know but I think
you know it's just repeating itself now
so I think I'm gonna end the series
unless this video can reach a hundred
thousand likes but you know I don't see
that happening like at all
go watch the previous would you rather
videos because they have been absolutely
amazing and oh yeah I'll see you in the
next video man all right guys see you
later buff bye
