hello everyone how is everyone doing its
measure self here today we are doing
something a little bit different I want
to start them uploading some multiplayer
videos videos of me playing with my
youtube friends so today I recorded a
video with a matte shade my good friend
and this is so like a pilot episode I
want you guys to watch the video and let
me know in the comments section if you
want me to do more multiplayer videos
with more youtube friends I would say if
this video get six thousand likes I will
keep doing it but first watch the video
you are shit you should let me do your
intro go on and do my intro hello
everyone my name is a mess yourself and
welcome back to the goddamn skate 3
that's right ladies and gentlemen today
we're plays I'm gonna skate 3 can we
sync audio alright ok ok well do will do
one to ten in turns yes
alright you ready yeah alright 1 2 3 or
5 just do one 10 one do ok that was too
late alright you ready
yeah 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
longing is not a number ok join me to
show you the the best trick in skate 3
this is a secret guy Oh Gary you you're
not allowed to tell anyone be watching
yeah the best trick in skate Street you
ready yeah
all right okay
alright wedge wanna go again I wanted to
go to the Maloof Monaco maloo maloo oh
my god not the shitting yes exactly what
rice pretty sure you suck suck on your
mama's titty whoa Brandon oh that's
uncalled for
okay Mellie uncalled for I think I met
to the end well that was fun
I'm already here I'm sitting down see hi
Wow well this was a fucking great
suggestion that I'm not the one who
suggested it you already said that's
right to the end of the game no being
here would run to a tranny contest cuz
that's what you are
yes tranny contest who is the best
tranny that's great come on
you won't suck but she'll my eyes from
your your ugliness oh yeah those are
some nice titties over here oh yeah
those are the best kiss I've ever seen
in my life time to get serious my shape
Brandon I think it is time to get
serious do you want to move in with me
uh sure alright ready for this duh duh
duh duh duh that's a bet shit you're
already winning
duh duh duh duh duh ok how do i trick Oh
380 points BAM
take that Oh another twenty seven oh
nine five gonna help you know I have
$2,000 yourself change spa place
can you oh I felt who's winning right
now Matt just let it just ask it alright
as you see the left though bottom right
hand side can you can you verify whose
wedding creme friend can you shut up for
a second god damn it
so really going to your head doesn't I'm
ready to marry who's winning am i
winning
have I won have I got a whopping six
thousand points huh
the tranny the seems to tranny I'm the
freaking tranny man don't you forget it
look at this texture where it's
absolutely fabulous coast to coast
oh this pipeline from hell are great
your first verse where am I going
don't know where'd you go I'm on the
skateboard from I'm gonna give you a
break and just do this boom I win
measures I was leading the round with 82
points dad matte shade turn the table
around he starts off with a nose manual
duck goes in circles goodness gracious
me I'm it seems okay jump up and down
that was shit watch how the pros do it
alright I don't see any pros around so I
do that are you gonna okay wasn't this
yeah okay watch
you ready here we go
Jesus Christ do you don't have to do
anything else you just sit back and
relax
Matt chase leading the round with 685
points can Brandon do it probably not oh
yeah oh yeah who's winning
me me whatever bitch beat it I dare ya
cuz you can't I'm pretty sure I can
pretty sure I can do that pretty easily
you ready go there you go and this and
this and this and this that's shading
nice shading you gave me grief lost time
for doing them your play there we go but
correct okay well I'm just gonna do you
I'm just gonna do that same thing as you
did and even have to suck on it alright
hey what's your eight core it's all good
Wow yeah but yeah one trick got your
score and now I'm doing this shit B
match a tactic of just jumping up and
down right racking up all the points
that's not fair since your viewers
haven't seen your bullshit no bullshit
don't know what you're talking about
1270 points suck on the DS right on it
get the milk and everything man yeah you
know I haven't beaten me up you haven't
been yet you haven't beaten me yet you
haven't beaten me up you haven't been
yet oh shit yeah I got it I got it
I think I could get my own mess yourself
John's a trick it's not enough but he
does another one it's not enough still
so he does another one and it's still
not enough it's more than it's too much
mm okay not 2,000 1,000 no winner winner
chicken
we some did beads on the side matches
okay thanks we really obsessive me doing
something with your titties is there
something you're not telling me here
yeah okay what's this you watch him
I'm not watching I'll pretend I am Wow
look how good you're doing rent whoa
whoa
okay what's coffin r2 l2 and square Nix
yeah how about flippies hold r2 and then
DoubleTap up on your analog stick
bullshit where are you going
I was trying to get some extra distance
here so I can do an extra good flippies
no one cares one of these days one of us
gonna do something worthwhile with your
life I'm gonna just flip now watch you
could have landed it you screwed up okay
you want to get some points for one okay
oh you obsess about doing the flips
skadoosh shit
I'm scared now cuz if I mess this up
it's over for this round okay didn't you
see me yeah you're not funny
oh just get my points if you don't screw
it up Matt J three six nine takes the
round we're back here we're back here
comes sank Caronia points 20 points put
that in the bank Oh get some meat on
that shit but you two get much points
for it cuz he suck shit are you proud of
that no I'm not proud of that brand and
it was only 204 points maybe he's a
bigot why didn't you do better I didn't
want to I wanted to set the bar low but
you just said you won happy with it shut
up now try that got you I got you
you want to suck on the doodies don't
wanna know you've been eliminated if I
had a tiny violin I would play it for
you
oh the whole of meat Halla bloody
meetings man
Brandon you're used to halls of meat
aren't you oh crap I'm gonna first Oh
too much pressure okay watching I'm
watching take on the middle path I see
you're a vanilla player oh oh oh oh
that's not good is it
that was terrible I will tell you how to
do this properly okay will you now yep
jump
get off your board and you fly over here
and you cram your bamming in you oh shit
oh shit I'm stuck help me Wow I got a
higher score than you did so you can eat
my ass fluff dick oh if there was
anything in your head I'd say it would
have been damaged Brandon what are you
trying to say that's not good enough
it's not good enough oh shit yeah it's
better than good enough bitch that's the
way I do eighty six point six
m√≥vil trucker what are you gonna do
about that I'll tell you what I'm bloody
gonna do I'm going to write a bit flip
do the shit clickings oh did last time
Brennan and it was worse I think I had
this in the bag how about you suck how
much is is that part of a skate three
challenge sure welcome to the cock cow
did you just call the cock tower it is a
bloody cock on a tower you are it right
I'm saying I'm first I am the leader
okay what what it means you gotta set a
trick wait I'm coming it's a three two
one go
just do it
no I can't do that I don't get it oh you
don't see me oh no it's not a place
double what is that normal
I'm not that good how I get to do it
again yeah go ahead do whatever you want
Brendon do whatever trick you on Brandon
do whatever trick you want Brandon a
pump shipment 180 can yeah odd little
creature was a shove it but you know
what he didn't do the bloody 180
participants you you heed my did well my
can copy that one free shirt yeah I get
the same trick down boom nollie PS 15
face pops up 180 I could do that watch
oh yeah why did not do the bloody volley
shut offs bail bail bail bail you're
giving to me on the bloody platter
you're gonna screw it up I know it oh
sure I think I did the world's easiest
trick - dude you screwed it all shit oh
I can definitely do that I do that in my
sleep
do you yeah I am the leader leader
leader leader how you can use that only
180 oh I could do that a nollie 180 I
fucking need a front flip Nitin this is
bullshit
you shit rate your shit you're the
bloody shit you watch the football for
dinner
that wasn't a trick you don't even you
are shit you don't even hang out with a
worker hell a party that was a thing so
practicing go to the bloody thing and do
it what do you have assess ki t you have
scared I got scared
why would no come on these are the worst
tricks ever you can't even do the fun
stuff in this Jesus Brandon why don't
you just overdo it about the shit look
Brandon that was a freaking kickflip
shit watch me do it I'm gonna try not a
nollie and nollie can't be well welcome
surprise mafia shit spit on my
controller it's not there oh I thought I
had a 360 on that one oh shit no the
pressures on now we're actually trying
hard now that we're both scats you
forgot to Trish let's scare me for a
second Brandon bail bail I can't believe
you did that
shove it 180 do you
that was what do i do till the 180 I
don't get it what just zoomed in on you
cry oh what the hell
so guys that was the end of the video I
thought it was hilarious but it's your
opinions that matter huh okay so if you
guys want to see more let me know in the
comment section and do me a favor go
check out matte shades channel because
he uploads some awesome videos and I
think you're missing out if you don't
drop him uh subscribe
but I will see you in the next video of
mine see you later guys love them
buh-bye
