everyone is messed up here today we are
playing barbie dreamhouse party okay
someone told me to play it's one of my
YouTube friends told me to play this he
said it would be perfect for your
YouTube channel and you know what I
didn't believe my first cuz it is got
that bar bit but look at everyone they
all seem so happy look at that cute
little dog over that that girl with a
soccer ball they've even got a got that
pony this game is gonna be the best game
ever let's go I'll play this shit I am
you want to go upstairs so Ken how's the
best boyfriend in the world now that
you're here party oh you suck up little
bits ok let's talk to this guy I want to
make this guy my boyfriend look at him
he's got a guitar bitches love guitars
Barbie the cheating slut she's cheating
on Ted and Kenda's even know Ted's like
I'm so happy being can mark over Barbie
will never cheat on me and I'm like to
ride Oh make some babies okay what is
this game what do I do
am i actually in a dream am i I'm in a
dollhouse look at this shit go okay play
the game I guess that's what we should
we should to play the goddamn game with
the house Oh charades is boring want to
play something epic video game dick
supermodels voyage to
start with your watch then use the right
trigger to amp up your pouty face yellow
button pushes you to peak cheek then
right trigger for your end of the runway
vogue I think I'm getting the hang of it
okay this is just red okay we're cap two
hours of that horrible game around with
that lying bitch you will compete in an
array of exciting
puzzle challenges okay closet when you
want to then without further ado let the
games begin
okay what is this come on now okay I
pick a room do I want to play in Barbies
room do I want to go in Chelsea's room
okay let's go in the kitchen okay here
come the bitches walking in what do I do
here no okay walking around a car what
what am i doing
press ENTER what is what are we just a
week cleaning right now this is actually
a game is this a thing is this role I am
I am I seeing this right now
holy shit on my titties Oh what happened
that she found something okay well why
should gonna put up potato salad
okay that's great rolling on bitch I
found it does it go here oh okay calm
down Jesus Christ okay I take it I put
it here okay not that don't I'm lucky
boom I will pick up cupcakes and return
them to your old table Barbie dance
we're here in the Dreamhouse kitchen for
what's shaping up to be an incredible
minigame challenge won't take explosion
okay this is I can't believe I'm playing
this right now hey why you dumb bitch
you took my cupcake
how the hell has this go got so many
good cupcakes and why the houses look
like a penis oh okay okay
mama truth who won okay I gots a 63 you
unlocked a new mini game great
I love mini games you have a lot of new
fashion items oh I'm gonna look fabulous
with my fashion atoms okay for show for
shellfish oh okay what is this room
cupcakes is my ultimate fantasy no wait
it's a pool Silver's yogurt blueberry no
raspberry wait strawberry banana No
bitch shut down okay now what do we do
okay
this cinematix the whole goddamnit what
I did was this game go on we're ditching
the kitchen okay then GLaDOS calm down
okay
didn't realize this game turned into
Paul okay where do we wanna play next
I don't even know let's go to the
wardrobe you know okay here's the
wardrobe yeah let's go cuz it says find
the boxes of clothes and put them on the
pedestals in the right oh my it's an
exact same thing set now we're not pluck
and not trying to find cookie dough
which we're trying to find boxes it it's
just really the type of games little
girls play can you dumb bitches put it
in the right pedal still okay what's
wrong with you yes right you know the
deal no you dumb hoe can you bitches go
out the way okay I know I'm gonna make
out of this game dr. Ulta round me holes
choose the clothing that closet says to
wear okay welcome party fans to the
latest installment of the Barbie fashion
games okay go find it find that find the
top on the top find a top biome bout it
ha you guys suck quick buy the shoes
find the shoes BAM boom what a post for
your vlog Nikki my vlog what
blood oh we killed what things can't
always go your way you ever tell you
dumb ho three so one boom okay I saw one
that okay I got a whopping 31 bitch got
ten motherfucker got nine she got 21
okay
screw you Raquel I beat yo ass by ten
points like a bomba go hey I do enjoy
putting Barbies pals through their
fashion paces and let's face it without
me some of them would be poster girls
for what not to wear
okay what the hell we doing now okay
we're going into here okay I guess we
couldn't be doing that right now
oh shut up GLaDOS okay don't give a shit
about you okay all right Barbie's room
here we go I have hidden for shoes
yeah I gotta bet you have okay that's
great move left and right to catch the
boxes as they fall what do you mean what
are we doing right now
oh crap balls ah you drop the presents
you dumb bitches can you girls just give
me something okay
why God fight me okay for my presence I
just want again as pina gets to go
around why can't you go share it can you
bitches just give me something okay stop
take stop it okay it was that's just
great okay the game's over
I got 34 bitch got 58 bitch got 54 53
maybe some board ships some cleats
flip-flops boots rain cowboy and hiking
some sandals yeah teenagers are not the
one shred of humanity left in this game
and this bitch ruin dude in a sentence
bitch okay what now okay we're gonna
move on get game progression guys this
story line is 10 out of 10 amazing it
beats Last of Us it beats all that shit
these girls love cleaning all right you
do realize the next levels unlocked ok
holes okay we're gonna go in the garage
ladies and I'm the garage or the garage
as some people like to call it the
garage the garage or the garage okay
girls calm down a fun night Bleach okay
all right there we go are you ready okay
let's go throw the laundry cogs back
into the trapdoors why steal it my cogs
I bitches trapped in a bubble oh shit
now I okay goddamn this is dangerous
what I hear aah
so I gotta pick up the cogs and back
without getting put in the gutter bobble
ah there's another one
I still look okay huh you self-centered
whole ah subtract munakata bubbles I'm
not gonna lie I have been on point in
this in this game okay I'm pretty shot 1
3 2 1 okay here we go
moment of truth alright I got I'm
whooping 45:48 61-44 okay
I beat Raquel dumb bitch but um yeah
okay I'm pretty sure it's not healthy
you should go see a doctor garage more
like car wash time to roll
let's go into Chelsea's room that damn
hole okay what we're gonna do there let
me get the hidden jewelry boxes yeah
jewelry boxes now great absolutely great
game playing a bag right now I spent 20
pounds on this game guys divide the
bounds $30 so much money okay okay right
now I can't believe I'm playing this
right now oh and the bright side I found
I found my jewelry box pick the right
accessory to go with the fabulous outfit
what what didn't I just bloody do this
shit didn't I just spend five minutes
doing this shit and now you're just
going to risk in put me in another room
and tell me to do the bloody same thing
again oh this is this is this is
disgusting Barbie you're such a winner
yeah just like no not now no not that
you made so this is a game recommended
for small little girls okay don't go
outside without a matching outfit
otherwise no one will love you okay
this is great okay I murdered this game
come on now 34 bitch got 17 bitch got
big day boom
11 down the hole okay let's go to the
library like these bitches read books
okay let me guess find find a book vine
that that one find your mp3 players oh
yeah sure three players go in the
library time zone mp3 there's a take
notes little girls take notes
don't forget your mp3 players when you
go to the library in school alright
Raquel you dumb ho put your a B three
play on it
good god damn it perform the dawn steps
I say cross the Pete line okay yeah
let's go we're here in the library
we're closets put together a cool
dancing challenge for the girls dance
we're in the library don't read any
books let's dance
yeah
the robot I'm gonna dad I'm getting what
at this game if I'm gonna be totally
honest with you right now okay now
they're just now they're just freestylin
look at this God's gold okay great
dances absolutely great dancing all
right here we go now
267 what what what look at this game I'm
too good this game
you bitches should be ashamed of
yourself
what a blast I haven't seen the gang
shake it like that since the ants
escaped from Stacey's ant farm
oh I thought you said something
different okay where do we want to go
next let's go to the living room sure
why not
strike your best runway policies and
copy your opponent's to win okay yeah
sure that's a good incentive in life so
what the hell do I do now what do I do
left right down
I don't get it oh okay they could have
copied me I see how it is these girls
walking down the runway
that go to let the screwed up you two
okay the wood right one the window
middle go though okay now supposing this
shit okay that's fine now I've gotta go
to copy them okay down right left down
down right left awake I'll shit down
right left
yeah screw you bitches run wait Queen of
Sheba oh yeah here we go
29:14 1660 shit you've got a shit day
everybody says they want to be a
supermodel but you know it's five-inch
stilettos with flash bulbs flashing Oh
Who am I kidding
it's the most fun ever I love it okay
okay I just shut your mouth Bobbi for
one second who the hell says oh I won't
be a supermodel when I grow up or
doesn't damn big is little girl how
you're doing Jasmine hey okay the games
good a game I'm not playing anymore
I'm kidding I want to play I want to
complete the game okay we're moving the
party to a makeup room Barbie has a
makeup room she has a whole room devoted
to makeup every girl's dream I'm sure of
it
how the hell is this even a makeup room
there's just large brushes everywhere I
can't use that on my face it's too big
this is our pointless room you should at
least read out earn some money on the
set come on Barbie think about your real
estate okay here we go
let me guess match the makeup I'm not a
play maker apply makeup faster than your
opponents okay I'm sure I'm sure goes
that's the aim in life
Oh your makeup fast you know now we put
mascara on yeah come on now you
superficial holes
okay because I put it under up and the
down okay you know because no boy will
look at us if we if we don't okay how
make up to these girls put on their face
it's disgusting
okay am I done okay I've got to put
another goddamn model okay yeah this is
fun I feel sorry for all the little
girls out there who play this game
growing up thinking they gotta put
makeup on they got up wet fashionable
clothes okay be a supermodel 23:13 that
okay the last room is the bathroom okay
and then we done clean the animals as
fast as you can
watch the dog oh my goodness those
graphics though those graphics though
I'm done I'm done I'm done with this
game guys after this this is bullshit
change touch Christ what a house okay
don't scare me like that oh I can't
believe I've been doing this guys I
can't believe I've been doing this for
an hour
all right just end the game and just
ended game I'm done all right
v 28 you bitches can't be that 24 25
fuck you 22 Barbie shut the shut up just
shut up shut up shut up
come on how it go go go is this is this
story gonna progress always again over
now is it over is it over is it torment
all right I don't care i won i won
yes take that the cash you dumb ho take
that Stacy take that the other one I
don't care I want this is it um as it
game over game over game over game over
oh he actually has a story uh I pop oh
okay
we hurry that was the most fun game you
guys did an awesome job with those
challenges you rocked it Barbie ok guys
I'm gonna end the video here if you
watch this video I love you got you are
the best subscribers to have if you
watch this video to this to this time
thank you guys so much for watching
thanks for the suggestion and I'll see
you in the next video see you later guys
love you
