hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is measure self hair back again plaited
bully scholarship Perdition I'm playing
as Rufus the dog again hello I'm Rufus
the dog so yeah if you guys didn't know
I'm playing with some Mars the swamp is
so adorable these kids they're like I
don't remember the foreign exchange
during being a goddamn dog stop looking
at me guys Jesus Christ go away Jesus
Christ so I wasn't gonna do another
video monopoly scholarship edition mods
but the Mazda porn last video I had to
it was a crap hello bully how you doing
man oh no it's just I think this guy
wants a okay - that's Billy the gay boy
okay Billy Billy piss off Billy I don't
want a relationship with you know Rufus
adult learner love enough oh hey there
pretty lady
hey there pretty lady how you doing she
wants a bit of love it but just love
flowers week only give this bitch so
many flowers come on give this little
doggie a little bit of a kisser
mmm what's he doing he's kissing on
artis okay so what I want to try and do
nice gentleman is I want to let little
ole roofers do dodgeball as a class I
saw love it was just to be that so let's
go to sleep and let's do some new
classes in the morning call Rufus got
Boop Rufus I'm pretty sure that's not
how you go to bed what you just threw
that Bernard on the floor
oh shit Oh
fight fight fight fight fight go on LG
kick his ass
o LG o LG on the floor okay okay here we
go we got gym class roof which the dog
is going to be doing some good
old-fashioned does pole okay gym classes
cold let's do some dodgeball oh wait now
will it me does for Libby wrestling okay
it's wrestling I don't even know what
that even is Oh shimmy or doggy located
be for a kebab honey Happy Feet wombo
combo Wow okay daddy's dead I got fatty
what is that what the hell have I done
to his face okay what what have I done
can I go for a pee pee oh okay I guess I
can well I don't even know I'm crying
because I don't what how what is this
what what okay so now that we've done
gym class with this freaky-looking
mothertrucker this guy she's still
attracted to me this this shoulder he
we've got with no face she still wants a
kiss okay
well I'll give you kids an even know if
I even have a mouth anyway
what
we're gonna do now is that there seems
to be an obsession about teachers
kissing students like apparently a lot
of people have been searching it up on
the internet but no it's not true ok but
with the thanks to mods which right now
we are gonna go turn into a teacher and
kiss me so students yeah now the
question is what teacher do we want a
little partner to be okay we're gonna be
mr. button now in the story there's a
mission where you have to go steal
panties children's panties for fault mr.
Burton mr. Burton is a goddamn pervert
so here's the perfect car to go kiss all
the girls oh hey girl it's mr. burden
here you want to go gym class I'll teach
you some new stuff give you some extra
credit oh okay this is disgusting hey
girl you want some flowers I got some
flowers for ya okay come on come on out
give mr. Burton Lucas oh thank you mrs.
mr. Burnett would you like to make some
extra credit you want chocolate
okay little fat bitch ain't a chocolate
you all know kiss Eunice okay
well oh my goodness Eunice even miss the
buzz like okay even I wouldn't stoop
that down low I guess she was right find
this girl and he's still gonna fight now
oh oh this gay boy is actually freaking
me the hell out okay he's looking up
staring at me I think we're having one
in those moments look at this guy he's
falling in love with me look at him
staring into my eyes like the beautiful
son of a bitch I am now this girl's walk
all up my face what do you want
oh she wants me to walk home yes Yoko
you
gonna go back to your room a hard look
me and Christy come on Christy go let's
go to the girls dumb
oh yeah welcome this bitch back to a
home gonna get it on tonight god damn it
man Christy make a good ass couple look
at us okay I may be a 40-year old
pervert
but you know what this this could be
something great you know this could be
something great okay Christy I don't I
don't give a shit okay oh shit I'm in
trouble okay I'm busted
okay I'm sorry Christy no lovin tonight
okay now back in my room how many times
do I gotta tell you I'm not a student
here guys
I am a gym teacher why did you keep
throwing me back here I don't know hey
Christy there you are girls hey Christy
how are you hey Christy why don't you do
the banana sorry about last night girl
you know the defense company okay so you
want you want to go back from where we
left off
okay just kick me in the Willy what
apatheia Christy girl wait I can disable
gravity I can time gravity all all
well this is something I don't
understand this can I just go anywhere
now that gravity is up what is this it's
like I've got a magic broom or something
gravity of what is this okay I can go
anywhere and everywhere
what can I go through here no I guess
there's a visible walls up here god damn
it now I'm stuck here god damn it okay
guys
I've gone into space by going tonight
okay I did something I did a trick and
now I'm floating in the air okay guys I
did it I did something guys okay I don't
know what I don't know what to do okay
well this is interesting Wow here's me
thinking I broke the game last video
what is going on here I don't know okay
I wonder what will happen if I turn
gravity off okay waiting for it okay
three two one oh I'm falling I'm falling
oh shit oh shit oh oh I'm sorry okay
well I guess I'm alive okay so what
we're gonna do now ladies and gentlemen
is we gonna sneak into the girl it's
done okay but we can't go as Jimmy
because Jimmy's a boy I'm the girls dorm
it was a bloody girl and I don't have
vaginas but thanks too much I'm gonna
change it so I have a vagina you know
cuz yeah okay just okay oh I see a
pretty little girl walk into the room so
what she did was she sitting in the bed
oh she's going a slave ladies and
gentlemen it's my time to do the Pervin
no one's gonna see me oh yeah oh shit
Wow she just slapped me what's your
problem
oh my goodness what's going on here
she's cheating on me listen here you
little shit
you took my girl you bitch yes get on
the cart down flow okay I'm gonna go to
bed okay guys I'm gonna end the video
here I hope you enjoyed the bully
scholarship petition mugs
he's always fun tough to break this game
we saw somewhere pretty red shit today
let me know if you want Simo in the
comment section down below and I will
see you in the next video of mine see
you later guys
love you Vava
