hahaha everyone hell is everybody
goddamn do it express self here hey how
you doing
um today we are messing around again
with the oculus rift okay well I did
today is I found shorter games rather
than the long ones and today we're going
to try and default them okay instead of
the usual free so I let us go into our
first game
so here we are baby we are in the world
of family copy this is also look at this
so I'm on Spooner Street family god that
the cartoon that we know and love this
is so awesome
I am in an episode of Family Guy look at
this this is really cool can I open the
front door oh my goodness oh it opens
for me hello is anyone here paid up in
here Stewie you in here oh fuck the
goddamn news is on the under on the TV
Wow okay let's sit on the sofa and watch
i watch TV hey Lois get me a bear man
that's depression ever I'll never see
this area this area is not shown enough
in the episodes of FAMILY GUY and go
into the garden this is so cool oh
there's a sandbox here oh we're still
III should be playing in a sandbox
for some reason this kitchen does not
live right there's something different
about it I don't I don't know is there
always a sink over here I don't know
this is pretty cool though this Rubik
tiny it's changed that all your save
file
wait a sec sound hey maybe the Bell ah
good old bastard values Alex to me are
you in history are you in the crib Oh
where's your teddy yeah for good would
your Teddy's called teddy bear how you
doing you all right yeah good man up
just chilling I'm just being a teddy
bear you know how it is I don't know how
it is been like a teddy bear oh there he
is the COO dizzy teddy and you do with
the cute little teddy here now it's
actually pretty detailed what room is
this
I don't know Peter's room was right next
to the stairs okay so if we take a left
there's Peter's room okay that's pretty
cool oh my goodness look at his TV I
remember them having such a big guy dad
TV okay let's go in the bathroom our
heart everything seems to be in order
here okay I print I felt really tall the
seat goes all the way down there I feel
really tall okay this must be Meg's I'm
Chris's room okay let's go into Chris
room first
okay Chris it's gotten a bit a fish tank
over here I remember here I'm hog Rafi
when the house you have a fish tank
there's a closet up here's a monkey
gonna be there though I doubt I doubt it
that would be actually cool I love top
we have makes room okay everything's
boring it's make under the bed dead
probably not what why has everyone got
goddamn fish tanks so yeah that was
family guide virtual reality that was
pretty cool I wish I wish they gave us
stuff to actually doing the house you
know but that's okay you know I'm not
complaining I'm a complainant I lied I'm
good I'm complaining
okay the next game we're playing is
Chicken Hawk and the Boise evade is a
good damn chicken yeah yeah I see how it
is being a chicken is hard nowadays you
know had to know they for my man you
know I've seen my man in town salad okay
and seller number two ever see my fat
man in so long okay okay I'm gonna go
store my eggs over here after you to
goes later okay
I'm a the chicken okay I mean seat
mm-hmm
baby chickens hard nowadays girl okay
picking up these seeds laid eggs for my
man who does not appreciate me so that I
central sila if you cannot please my
need a bigger chicken I'm gonna find a
bigger cock and I'm no siege cuz I'm a
chicken you know how it is
buck mark in this food cuz I'm a chicken
but my fat fuck man
oh my goodness what is done is that a
fox no no ahh
you get bug bug bug bug bug bug bug shit
no oh okay okay and now I'm gonna go up
to chicken happen so guys that was
chicken woke I hope what you got from
this is that being a ticket is not easy
you know bonk bonk a buck buck
let's move on to our next game okay so
our next game is called an arachnophobia
which basically means fear of spiders
okay so something I want to tell you
guys is that iron shit scared of spiders
okay so if I see spiders oh shit
okay okay here we go here we go
arachnophobia oh shit a little bit so
scared of god of spiders okay it's okay
it's just a little spider in in the tub
I think this game is supposed to help
you with your fear of spiders if you
have a raccoon or phobia okay okay here
we go
oh shit okay uh-huh there's a bigger tub
with some more spiders as there any more
spiders okay anything in the rain
anything in the room has changed I don't
think so okay let's do some more spiders
I think I can handle it I think my
finger oh okay okay it's not moving
anymore anymore that I don't know of I
bet there's gonna be like a shit ton
behind me okay let's see it's ready
behind me okay I'm really scared
the next exposure are level four okay
Brad it's not real okay it's just
Oakley's rift Oh
okay moving no spiders you okay this
spider is very close to me this one on
the right okay I'm feeling really
uncomfortable right now they're moving I
see it I see it
that's the scary thing about it
especially that one okay okay okay it's
okay it's okay it's okay it's okay okay
here we go
exposure level five I'm scared I'm
scared scared scared scared it's good
it's good okay they've been reproducing
up in this bitch okay I'm scared it's
gonna jump on a jump out on me oh my god
they're all over the walls down over the
walls oh shit oh shit oh shit oh shit oh
shit okay guys that was arachnophobia I
think that game's purely to help you if
you have arachnophobia luckily I'm not
that scared of spiders but I know some
of you who below no Brian I would never
do that your pussies
okay now the last game we're gonna be go
and do another horror game okay it's a
so horror game so uh but anyway I'm
still scared but we're gonna do it
anyway because that's that's all your
one I see you want to see me breathe
dead you little buggers
okay this horror game is called elevator
horror okay where you're either elevator
or this is creepy this is so creepy okay
I'm in an elevator and apparently horror
stuff supposed to happen oh shit oh shit
oh shit oh shit oh you're someone's that
eyes your head I said there's someone
there
okay straight away I do not feel
comfortable okay well where do I live I
do I live on the 19th floor come on
elevator 19th floor I live in the
penthouse suite later gentlemen you know
I got all that money I kind of splash it
out on under
penthouse suite oh shit what what what
what's going on uh don't pop out this
feels realistic I'm not gonna lie okay
that's it that's just shit Matt come on
Matt Oh Oh someone's crying
someone's crying so much crying where is
she let me know Jojo de Beauvoir okay
okay okay I'm allowed uh still not add
the 19th floor as I see come on I just
want to chill out in my penthouse okay I
paid all this money I didn't know my
neighbors would be such bitches okay oh
it's okay it's okay it's okay it's okay
okay we're getting close to an attic
floor okay apparently went not anymore
cuz that's just an error code oh shit oh
no it's jigsaw gonna come up come on a
play I like to play the game
go an elevator oculus rift
such slender man while eNOS lending I
was gonna be in the game
screw dies at the end okay that's the
end what's my head do it god damn it
okay that was put a pod a block glad you
got me elevator how are you got me okay
that's just great round of applause
folder elevator horror okay well that
was old oculus rift games I've got today
the last one was pretty cool I'm not I'm
glad I include that in but yeah um it'd
be awesome if you could hit the like
button down below um I think I'm where I
am I said I was gonna do this as a
weekly series and I I'm sorry did that
now do it I tell me tell me if you like
this series actually because um yeah
just to let me know in the comment
section but I'll see you in next video
online you learn a guy love ya
