hahaha everyone its mash yourself here
are you doing uh-huh oh that's great to
hear
oh by the way I love I love what you've
done with your hair
no jokes just kidding today we are
making bully scholarship edition ladies
and gentlemen today I'm playing as
Eunice look at me I'm such a pretty girl
looking Eunice I'm so pretty I don't a
cupcakes but it don't matter because I'm
such a pretty little princess look at
uni so pretty whoa
Eunice calm too hot now god damn you're
getting a little bit too close I don't
care if you're princess god damn it now
you're probably wondering Brandon are
you playing as Eunice the main
characters Jimmy where's Jimmy
well guys the truth is I'm a wizard wait
what where's the oh my god what the hell
is this
you're his can ride a skateboard god
damn it cuz you do tricks this shit oh
look at whispering what what the hell is
Co what kind of foolishness is this
goddamnit Eunice
god dammit bitch get out the way so yeah
guys today we are messing around with
some bully scholarship edition mods with
you is doing flips and shit I made a
video on on the mods a couple days guy
leave me alone
I just partied up I just clicked them a
new will haha that's what you get no one
messes with the unis I don't care if I'm
a fat girl leave me alone princess away
so yeah I made a video about the bullies
scholarship edition mods about I think
about six months ago but obviously the
channel has grown a lot since then so
today's task ladies and gentlemen is to
break the game I'm gonna show you and do
stuff that couldn't be possible in the
normal game
I'm gonna write the game go away you
stupid girl
big three lockers bitch kick you in your
vagina yeah I was gonna say something
funny but that's just more hilarious LG
can you piss off
it's got algae no go away you stupid kid
so anyway the first thing we are going
to do is we're gonna beat up this hole
okay the Vice Principal yeah ditch go
alright she gives me so much sass look a
disco so normally in the game you wear
whenever you hear a teacher or a prefect
they just grab you and you're like nope
throwing you in detention but now what
we're gonna do is we're gonna enable a
mod so there's a mod where you can
disable the trouble meter we're gonna
get in all sorts of trouble
don't tell anyone Dow no one expects
Eunice the little fatty so yeah if we
disable that now I think we can hit the
hell add this teacher no one's gonna
give a fuck miss can you help me with
something um my plan touch can you tell
me why my boobs hurt why did you help me
kick you in the vagina oh my goodness oh
she just got out see and see she doesn't
give but she doesn't give a shit I could
just hit this girl whole day happy feet
wombo combo oh wow
unis okay now she's dead
goddamnit Eunice she's an animal so yeah
obviously you can change your character
and you can change it to any goddamn
character that you want I could be fatty
I can be Melvin I can be sad I can be
Bucky Bucky in your name Bucky I feel
sorry for you let's see we can find a
funny character to be okay Oh what are
you doing why are is it more grimy
I just want to give you milk and cookies
Ron can he skateboard away I just owned
would the boys would you like something
to eat
why you punch it grounded is this what
you do two grand hit goddamnit what is
with these people in the school okay
grand it belongs in the girls dorm okay
no one's gonna expect granny to be
people know the girls here isn't that
right granny oh I just an innocent old
woman I don't wanna say those other HTT
s oh yes she does she wants to see Oh da
brush titties hello young girls hell are
you all whippersnappers what are you all
doing time for a shower guys what the
hell she just look just kicked poor
granny in by the way that bitch what the
hell was that all about
oh yeah I forgot this was a thing
I could be a goddamn dog oh my goodness
hello I'm a dog hello everyone how's
everyone doing I'm a dog hello hello
okay so it looks like that class is
starting
okay now something that I want to try
out is I want to see if the goddamn dog
can go into class because that will be
goddamn hilarious oh no I'm late for
class I'm labor class what do we got oh
sure we got chemistry what's that doctor
ha ha ha
hahaha what is this doggie what are you
what what is this shit
there's doctor goddamn mastermind I I'm
gonna break this game I won't be
surprised if this game crashes any
second now the darkest turn the cut
glass at home what we did that really
just happen
hahahahaha he's like quick act human oh
yeah doing the chemistry side woof woof
woof woof bitch oh yeah this is what I'm
talking about the goddamn what's her
name again
9 d in a goddamn cha ho now there's a
mission in the game where you have to
take a picture of her but you can't
actually see her in the tower but thanks
to mods we can see it look I can even
see our goddamn town as a whole in your
town girl you hope Oh
what the hell why this commandingly what
why girls such bitches stop saying hi to
me you literally was just taking out my
hair now she wants to kiss me women this
is why I don't understand women
wait what's this punch bag watch hell is
this
imma put I'm a pot I'm a punch bag guys
I need help
I turned it to a punch bag can the punch
bag skip the punch backers game for okay
shit yeah sure well done to the person
at Rockstar Games who decided to allow
you to become a punch bag what okay so
something else that you can do thanks to
the mods is that usually you can only
ride bicycles in this game okay but
thanks to mods we can spawn in any car
we want any vehicle we want and ride it
police bike here we go can we ride the
police bike oh my goodness
god damn you
she should have a old Gotham police TV
show look at this shit
Eunice is fatty cop named Anna yeah okay
so all the vehicles can be sporting we
could sporting a lemma what the hell how
is that a limo as a small mr machine
dozer oh yeah you could write a good
tumble Tosa god dammit you just what are
we gonna do with you Dada Dada Dada Dada
that's a - okay - the last thing I'm
going to show you guys for the mods is
that you can basically walk to all
locations now if I'm not mistaken
there's some secret locations in this
game school basement
what the hell what is this oh my
goodness there's a secret basement I'm
sure you do too one of the missions but
you can't have access it ever ever again
oh cool
this is where you have to fight um that
little big fat fella
oh that's cool so see you can't actually
go here in the game you aren't you are
fighting inside here and yeah you don't
actually go out there why the places can
we go okay race what is this
guys are you seeing this shit right now
oh my goodness where am I hips are
basically guys is that there's an they
on the arcade you have a race where you
play as like a top-down thing and for
some reason you could walk to it so how
they made it basically is that they
actually create it and change the view
this is madness anyway where else can we
go we can go to the go-kart race where
you big serious whoa oh now this is cool
now this is cool guys so basically you
got you can't just walk around this in
the game but you can go go-karting yeah
this is pretty cool alright enough
enough this place where else can we go
we go to the carnival we asked for
the freakshow what's that uh let's see
what we got there we got an old man uh
smoking okay that's that's it that's
really cool the fat ugly bearded woman
she's right here you were hell you could
actually be her let's see if we could be
her here she is she's called Paris oh
look at her ballet that's how I grow it
out you can imagine gonna throw up
that's disgusted that is actually
disgusting
I'll be having two Siamese twins last my
kind of woman right there there's two
midgets fighting apparently and I can I
can bat on the fight what the hell okay
I'm gonna put my money on the guy on the
right because as you can see here's the
World Heavyweight Championship uh-huh so
yeah let us how much could be bet
maximum we can power hundred dollars
what is this go Lightning go Grease
Lightning above above our greased
lightning go greased lightning get up
like
freestylin go green wet it a water beat
from crappy Rasta a twist lightning
I bet a hundred smackaroonies oh my
goodness wait you snuck him out what
wait what was that did I win did I wear
my money guys I don't even know what the
hell just happened okay guys I'm gonna
end the video here this has been bully
scholarship edition buds I love this
game this is like a classic game for me
as always is if we hit 10,000 likes I
will do another mods video on bully
scholarship edition but anyway guys I
want to thank you so much for watching
like not just this video all of my
videos I appreciate so much especially
if you made this far and I will see you
in the goddamn next video of mine love
you guys take it back to Rufus bubble
