oh hello everyone its meshes out there
how's everyone doing today I'm pop it in
for another vlog I am basically filming
this on Boxing Day which is the day
after Christmas Day I hope all of you
had a magical Christmas where you got
all your presents that's her wallet
santa came down was that ho ho ho I'm
gonna have sex with your mother eat your
food and then give you some shitty
presence I'm sure that's what he did so
I did this last year I showed you guys
what I got for Christmas and you can
guess you can guess right I got shit all
ok the presents I got this is not gonna
be a nice radio black oh never got a
PlayStation 4 I got an Xbox no I don't
get any of that shit okay this is gonna
be a rant okay so most mothers would get
their sons a beautiful present you know
what did I got I got the old Trent okay
none of the old ruin set I got the old
tricked okay I have known how to say I
live a good children cost me like two
pounds okay thanks
thanks mom I love you too my dad didn't
get me anything you know probably
because these are disappointing me Anna
doesn't love me my sister got me a
leather wallet okay it's pretty nice
okay she's actually getting me money
she got me something which I can hold my
money all right that's just great
I need money to put in the wallet that
holds the money okay it's like giving me
a gift of a condom how am I supposed to
use a condom when no woman will ever
love me
my older sister got me dark chocolate
dark chocolate what kind of sick twisted
individual would get someone dark
not just a regular one the dark Rahul
life dark chocolate if you like dark
chocolate your bloody god damn well
lying okay
no one likes black dark chocolate dog
troll chocolate should just burn in hell
where it belongs okay no one likes that
shit and don't gift it to anyone either
okay it's it's nasty get out a dark
chocolate you piece of shit this shit D
so yeah that was basically all the
presents I got for Christmas all right
now I want you guys to do is I want to I
want to know what you guys got for
Christmas okay you probably got a lot
better than what I did you know but I
did however get one present that no one
else could give me except you guys on
Christmas Eve we hit 800,000 subscribers
now guys this is the best present I
could ever ever ever ask for you know I
really don't thank you guys enough you
know like YouTube is my dreams and it's
my aspirations and by you guys watching
even this video any of my videos you're
making my dreams come true now that is
so beautiful
remember to vote no but seriously I want
to be serious and just say like thank
you guys so much and just just keep
watching like we're gonna have so much
fun with 2015 is gonna come up next year
obviously dah dah but I really feel
thousand 15 is gonna be an awesome
awesome year and I can't wait to make
loads and loads and loads of YouTube
videos we're gonna have so much fun on
the channel and I really hope we can
spend 2015 together but anyway guys I
wanna thank you so much for watching
okay say goodbye you Rocky why do you
love me okay why Dilla rocky why did you
love him in rocky look at him go he just
wants to get out of my room don't you
Rocky
he gets so camera shy look at him go
he's like god damn and how do I open
doors anyway guys oh and thank you so
much for watching and I'll see you in
the goddamn next
your mind Sylla guys love you
