puh-puh-puh buh-buh-buh on how is
everyone doing glab my christmas i don't
like a love my absolute christmas hat
good Christmas is around the corner
everyone and today we are back yes look
a brand he's complaining about the smell
what's smelling around here god damn it
so I took a little bit of a break from
the sims 4 and I'm so glad I did because
I'm really excited to get back into it
so there has been a new update lace
gentleman where they've added a whole
lot of Christmas it's the Christmas time
where everyone is here it is Christmas
time la blah blah da so before we get
into the Christmas stop okay and have
the best Christmas ever lost episode we
had a baby called nugget and I don't
even know what that I don't even know
what uh sex this maybe is how could you
tell it's the boy easy to go I don't
know but what I'm worried is why the
hell is it black why older babies black
in this game I want to know if this is a
boy or a girl so I'm gonna age up this
goddamn baby all right it's the moment
of truth it's the moment of truth
oh no we've got another stupid boy in
the family oh my goodness what what kind
of babies this goddamn liquor brand and
bonding with nugget stupid knocking look
at him he's got sluts eyes and my hair
and who gave him that stupid hat who
what kind of fool wears a stupid hat
shut up so anyway guys they have added a
whole lot of the Christmasy stuff okay
so the but the one of those things that
they've added is it a new clue so what's
what we're gonna do today we're gonna
take everyone into that festive clothes
come on
what's your name again I forgot donut
come on now let's change yeah Christmas
sweaters oh god damn it donut put on
some clothes
you're my daughter okay we don't have
those on a relationship pretty she
looked with that card town Christmas
when it is it's it's so adorable okay so
now it's time to change up Brian's
outfit is no longer cowboy now he's
gonna be a Christmas lover now what what
outfit should we put them in wait I can
give him a Christmas hat with his
goddamn Albie Han I wish you could have
a Santa hat like me that would be pretty
cool but look at me just so happy being
a Christmas never look at him he's like
I love Christmas is so nice time for the
family slut I'm sorry you are no longer
being a cowboy slut you are actually
putting on a little bit of weight again
oh yeah she just had a goddamn baby of
course you're gonna put on weight all
right let's see what alphas sluts gonna
have Oh slurred you looking super fun
with that goddamn snow man a sweater or
you got on wait what what what the hell
is this is this a good time right dad
what um okay uh slide you like this
right look how much of a stupid girl she
looks okay I guess I will do god damnit
babyish like you're still in Ino what's
wrong with you stupid stupid kid all
right so let's take off his makeup
you're no longer looking like an emo
okay look a baby started with his
goddamn Christmas outfit look at him
he's so adorable
stupid little babies laughs god damn it
I can't get used to this stupid nugget
he doesn't look like my kid I think slut
was doing a little bit of cheating on
the side because this kid is not look
like mine look at him look I don't like
him he's scaring me other more about
being totally honest look at him
thinks he's top dollar we have a second
they haven't added any new sweaters for
kids oh I can give them a Christmas hot
dog
what a stupid kid man stupid little
nugget all right I guess he's just gonna
have the goddamn hat okay here we go
the whole family is in a Christmas
outfit we've got donut over here looking
so pretty with her goddamn Christmas
sweater look at us is so happy we've got
nugget sitting on his computer nugget
what are you doing in my secret lies
playing God that Tetris what is he doing
I don't know if I like this kid or not
yeah he looks a bit of a badass I'm not
gonna laugh but look at him Vic she's
top dollar
I am the top dollar in this family okay
is key walking around he thinks she's
smooth machine baby slut over here
does and I like we got mother and
daughter sitting here Christmas up there
just staring at I love it I thought
babies that does it like come on baby
start you can't that that's like you
can't dad I'm getting the hell out of
here before things get awkward shit so
like all Christmases we're gonna have to
put up the Christmas tree okay and
actually they'll add in a Christmas tree
in the game okay I'm gonna remove
everything from this corner and we're
gonna put the Christmas tree on this
side okay so here we are baby I have
done it I have changed a living room to
a Christmas paradise look I put the
decorations up I got the tinsel all
across the room I changed the carpet
change the walls I'll put the Christmas
tree down we got snowy the Snowman over
here holding a goddamn candy cane I
don't know who gave that to a Manny give
it to him under yeah look everything you
see here was part of the Christmas
update so you're probably asking me
brandy what we're gonna do next well
let's think about it on Christmas you
put on the Christmas decorations okay
you get dressed
uh-huh boot for the Christmas and then
you got to have your Christmas dinner
okay so so
much uh you are in charge of cooking the
Christmas meal now a lot of times you
burn down the goddamn house and let's
hope you don't do it again though okay
so what are we going to cook for the
Christmas meal okay so we can have mac
and cheese for Christmas I'm sure that
would be a nice Chris mail we can have
grilled cheese sandwiches I'm sure that
would be great
also is there any option for like oh
there's a roast chicken there's no
Christmas turkey
but there's roast chicken yeah that's
sure let's let's cook a roast chicken
hopefully she won't burn down the
goddamn place card time okay it's the
moment of truth
oh my goodness look at her go what
she's a goddamn ninja in the kitchen
what the hell she when does she get so
good at cooking not she doing flips and
shit
no she's burn on music this girl look
and I go see it's a professional shot
now she's gone from body down to cut
that kitchen to do in fifths and shit
wonder how is this okay I guess that's
how you cook a roast chicken er I guess
oh that's a chicken oh god damn chickens
okay well I think that's good okay here
we go
she's got the roast chicken god dammit
okay everyone come home to the family
we're gonna go eat our Christmas dinner
okay the turkeys on the table come on
now everyone come and eat some of your
Christmas dinner yeah yeah oh they're
all eating that Christmas dinner
look it's literally like a Christmas Day
look at them all what happy family we've
got nugget over here the stupid kid the
new additions to the family look at him
a chopper you stupid kid happy family
they're so adorable this is this is this
is like a Christmas card hey baby
Starkweather how do you think you're
going you stupid kid you ain't done with
your food
what is he way to go it okay sitting on
here it's okay look at this this could
be a Christmas card or some shit it's a
happy family eating their Christmas
dinner
so beautiful man 40 my Christmas was
like this it's okay I have Sims bail
bonding what is this visited a normal
Christmas on Christmas you're supposed
to be yelling at your family
okay well I'll say today has been a
pretty successful Christmas we've put on
our Christmas sweaters okay we've had
our Christmas bill we've put up the
Christmas decorations but we are missing
something guys and I think you're not
what it is we need presents now I'm
gonna give everyone a present but the
question is what what do I give everyone
okay I'm gonna gifts lot this Mission
Control thing I think she's a secret
agent I forgot what career I put her on
but yes
hopefully she'll enjoy that what
whatever the hell that is
okay I'm gonna give nugget some monkey
bars so he can play on here I'm also
gonna give him his very old chunk of Jim
look at this look at this it's like a
goddamn spaceship what kind of
foolishness I wish I was just lucky as a
kid
stupid little nugget okay I'm gonna give
Brandon a bag of money okay that ass all
that he likes okay he likes the
samolians okay I'm gonna get baby slow
the baseball bat so you know he can kill
himself I last but definitely not least
I am gonna give donut a new dollhouse in
she writes the last one stupid girl and
there we go everyone has their Christmas
presents yeah all right come on nugget
you stupid kid okay play with your
jungle gym he better appreciate this I
don't know how much money this cost me
oh there we go
what it shoots out bubbles what cut this
kid man he is doesn't appreciate how
much about every present I gave him I do
not like this kid
look out smugglers Nick how smugly looks
thinks he's a goddamn spaceman
I am the spaceman I went to space this
kid man I know trust him and he's
something evil going on with stupid
little nugget I don't know you maybe
teenager okay but you're never too old
to play with dolls okay okay now play
with your doors okay stops I suck
what are your time why Jane idea of a
Christmas you want great balls what the
house wha what's your problem
you stupid girl I gave you this
brand-new door how's it you smashed it I
just I just said don't do that what are
we gonna do with this girl okay so what
I want to do now guys is basically
someone in the gallery made a Christmas
like park okay so I think everyone the
family should go visit it okay here we
go we're at the Christmas Lord oh my
goodness look at this place Wow oh my
goodness
it's like Santa's Village look at this
place man people are bloody talented I
could never have made this look at this
look at they live a good Santa sleigh
there this is awesome wow this is so
cool
god damn it look at this blade is like a
Christmas chill-out area people got
teddy bears over here this is awesome
man this is so cool uh what's going on
uh guys no are you having whoo whoo come
on your kids are in the next room what
let's go how old is this okay so anyway
guys I'm gonna end the video here I hope
you enjoyed this episode of since 4 it's
pretty cool update I'm actually pretty
impressed of what they added I'm glad I
took a break from zim sports to add to
cover the new stuff but yeah I'm not
sure I think Sims for some sort of died
down now I want the proper DLC that's
what's going to get me proper back into
Sims 4 but you guys can let me know if
you want to see more of it down in the
comment section down below but anyway
guys I want thank you so much watching
have a awesome Christmas if you're
watching this before or hope you ditch
if you're just after but
thank you so much watching and I'll see
you in the god damn next video of mine
see you later guys
love you papa ha ha
