Oh everyone how is everyone doing today
we are back playing with this little
thing to oculus rift I tried out an
orchestra video I think like last month
and you guys loved it you know and I've
been meaning to make another video so
now that's exactly what I'm gonna do so
I have bound three really awesome oculus
rift games
okay so let's don't start this small
bowl okay so the first game we are
playing these gentlemen is the
artificial pokemons so apparently this
is like Pokemon in real life like I was
like this is awesome
Dez swag number over there he's a level
10 Pikachu I choose you what Pikachu why
is so adorable
this niggas awesome it's Pokemon in real
life ladies and gentlemen damn this is
so awesome
Pikachu tackle swagger by ah what was
that
it's right I might just use lightning
okay I'm gonna use lightning back it's
probably not gonna be effective but I'm
gonna use it back that's crazy
this is absolutely crazy Pikachu growl
the way I just dog sit on the head is
that gone oh no Pikachu you're gonna die
you're getting owned by level 10
swagging oh my what's wrong with you
stop living this ragged mind what's your
problem at tackling I needed that oh
stop
okay it's down how do I capture this
little bugger
I didn't that was awesome that was so
cool guys it's like Pokemon in real life
that's so cool Pikachu I choose you
okay I want to see what happens if I um
if I die Magnum is such a dirty living
Pokemon don't you think look at his face
what is this the taco is so funny
I got mental vision gang might even kill
me
I mean I'm 30 you know because I have a
Pokemon master this is so cool oh oh it
just quits the game
well that was Pokemon alpha version I'm
not even sure they have like the rights
to use that but anyway I'm gonna move on
to the next game ladies and gentlemen
okay so the next game is called new
retro arcade and apparently it takes
place in a nineteen okay look at this
funky music playing yeah getting used to
this just got damn cool oh wait I'm in
an arcade wow this is amazing
look what games they've got Street
Fighter 2 asteroids it got asteroids
this is amazing
oh my goodness wait I can pick up the
stereo
I'm holding it so cool drag radials the
number one place for yo nineties it's
this is so cool guys this is actually so
cool I've got my own virtual okay
oh my goodness they have flappy bird
that's so cool guys no no no that this
is the best thing that has come to the
oculus rift guys all my goodness can I
play flappy bird pressing the palms down
there oh okay this is so cool guys
honest to god this is so cool oh come on
god damn a bloody Bible I could pick up
that cassette wait if I bet this can set
in here
what will happen come on come on come on
get in the cassette oh my jam
this is my jam jam jam Jam pick up the
radio yeah yeah it's in my face but I
don't care oh yeah this is so cool
dialer sister - sister I hope I don't
get a copyright strike final beat okay
but cuz I'm half this one should we play
asteroid spoon let's play asteroids this
is amazing I'm like I'm playing a game
inside the game game shut Sean
No okay press left mouse to shoot ball
where'd you go Kobe I know Bobby oh well
I keep missing Kobe
god dammit call me I have a mini fridge
no way I can play bowling there's even a
school board there oh my goodness this
is so cool okay I'm gonna get strike you
ready for this
he lines up the ball the bones right at
my face strike okay swing oh god damn it
no I'm not gonna stop until I get a
strike okay I'm not gonna stop until ago
strike
oh no god dammit and we shop no actually
what's stopping me from just walking
onto the gut that bowling and getting a
strike here okay if I don't get a strike
now this will be very embarrassing okay
you ready for this man I suck
oh here's the dots okay you ready for it
you ready for it
nope I got a severed apparently okay
I've got to conquer now go cat go so
guys that was new retro okay
that has to be the best thing on the
oculus rift guys like honest to god that
was so cool
if you guys don't have oculus rift you
can still try it out I'll leave that
website and like a download link in the
description but that was song cool I'm
so glad I tried that game out and look
cool in the pictures but oh my goodness
one of the best things that you could
play an orchestra so anyway we're gonna
end the video playing hey what's going
on here oh my goodness oh my goodness
this is this is crazy
guys this is crazy okay check background
alright oh my goodness can I match the
game goosebumps what the hell is that
what is that oh I'm getting the
goosebumps I'm getting the
heebie-jeebies don't follow me don't you
follow me you silly little man okay oh
my goodness what the hell is that oh
okay
it switches over that this isn't scary
at all there's a teddy bear over there
this is hello witches god damn you
looking fine you sexy ass which this is
absolutely so cool this isn't scary but
I'm enjoying it nevertheless oh my oh my
Jesus Christ what the hell Jesus Christ
guys
okay okay okay Oh does that just say
immediate death okay I've got it dead
now guys I'm playing this on site so
loud and I'm actually getting really
scared oh my goodness this is a great
god this is a graveyard oh oh okay
zombies only no no no no no so base so
Pete okay okay it's chill it's chill
good okay
don't die Brandon don't die okay oh my
goodness oh my goodness oh my goodness
and think things have calmed down now
what was that noise okay it's a horror
house there why is music playing or
something chasing me
oh it's getting a bit bouncy now oh no
oh no no no no no no no don't scare me
please please
okay it's good all night cheat on me oh
my goodness oh this is amazing
hey what's up dead end
okay turn around I wish
okay okay okay calm down calm down calm
down calm down no no no no no no no no
no what is this oh my goodness guys what
what was that what was that
something was behind me somebody was
behind me so I was behind me oh my
goodness guys that was crazy
that was cool as well Jesus I'm so like
I like these three games all three have
been absolutely crazy there's been so
good okay guys I'm gonna end the video
here I'm not too sure whether you guys
like the these this oculus rift videos I
enjoy like making them recording them
it's so much fun especially since I
could show you guys it so if we can hit
eight thousand likes I'll upload another
oculus rift video okay I hope you like
this format let me know in the comment
section down below if you wanna see more
be sure to check the games out in
description below because all three of
them have been totally amazing but I'm
glad I don't think it's so much watching
and I'll see you in the god damned next
video man see you guys love you
