hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mash yourself there today we are
gonna be reacting to some of the
scariest horror true story animations on
YouTube now in my last video where we
watched Lama Arts horror animations I
told you guys to go over and subscribe
to their YouTube channel okay and I
think they've grown like nearly a
hundred thousand new subscribers since
we made that last video so thank you
guys so much for going to their chat
going over to their channel and
subscribing to their channel okay
because they make such amazing amazing
content the animations are so so good
okay and I'm excited for new videos from
it from this person okay but from what I
didn't actually realize actually know is
that the audio from these animations
come from a youtube channel called mr.
nightmare now mr. nightmare is a horror
based and YouTube channel where they
they basically like show off like true
story stories and stuff like that it's
very very spooky and very very scary but
okay this is where like the audio comes
from so right now I would love it if you
went over to mr. nightmares YouTube
channel go over and click that subscribe
button like I just did okay I would love
it if like at least another hundred
thousand of you went and subscribed over
to this YouTube channel okay because
this guy makes amazing content - all
right I love his voice all right his
voice matches the animations perfectly
alright these guys work well together
okay so I would love it if you guys went
over to both of their YouTube channels
and check them out and subscribe to them
okay this series is meant to be sort of
like a promotion for them okay I want
them to basically have more viewers okay
so go and support them alright or the
first love arts animation that we're
gonna be watching is a disturbing true
snapchat story - okay now we watched
episode one in the previous video okay
and yeah I'm excited to see part two
okay let's watch it so scary scary
snapchat okay oh no oh no my snapchats
going off okay oh my god oh 3:00 a.m. -
okay so calm down calm down alright this
is a short but terrifying story of
something that happened when I was
snapchatting a fresh
okay I'm pretty young I'm only 13 fausto
in middle school okay a girl I really
liked had just recently started snapping
me selfie pictures Oh and we started
messaging each other for a few nights
Oh getting some sexy pictures from this
dude sexy go yeah one night when I was
watching TV she sent me a snap of
herself flow in her bed without a
caption oh okay I sent a message saying
what's that what's up sexy oh he sent
another identical picture this time with
the caption saying not much you okay
same picture kind of way set the timer
to 10 seconds so he gave me plenty of
time to analyze the picture yes great
material to analyze the picture
including her bedroom in the backgrounds
uh-huh and the dark outline of a person
standing by her window what I quickly
sent a response must know she's saying
is that your brother by the window issue
is that she sent another identical snap
this time captioned what do you mean do
you mean turnaround you dumb bitch in
this picture the figure at the window
was closer oh no and I could see a hands
pressed up against the glass I closed
the snap before the timer even ran out
so I could tell her quicker I said
there's somebody at your window turn
around
she opened my snap almost a menial okay
and then I didn't hear from her again on
the app oh no she did I grew more and
more worried as goes that yes I texted
her a few times to no avail I tried
calling her a few times to no avail as
well no no I didn't know her house phone
number otherwise I would have called her
parents
Oh God it wasn't until midnight when I
was already laying in bed that she
finally texted me I know I she explained
the whole situation what happened as
soon as she looked at her window and saw
the person standing there she screamed
and that caused the person who turned
out to be a twenty-something year old
man to open the window and jump into the
room after there she rents her her
parents room and woke her dad he went to
her room to find nothing but an open
window whoa
it wasn't exactly a personal story of
mine but it freaks me out on the well
the only thing that saved my friend from
whatever could have happened was the
fact that I was able to see the window
through herself Oh
unbeknownst to the creeper at her window
he would have attacked that doll and
done who god knows what to that poor
girl that's insane that that actually
happened okay do you guys believe that
actually happened okay what the odds she
setting that snapchat picture to him and
there just so happened to be a guy in
the background okay what a dumb Oscar
okay this is what all right let's go
close the deserves to die alright she's
just sending the snapchat without even
looking alright who's behind me okay or
a dumb ass girl but this guy this guy
saved this girl's life man alright if
this happened to me alright that would
be scary as hell man alright this is why
I don't use shitty snapchat okay god
damn it that's scary or the next horror
animation that we're gonna be watching
is a creepy ghost hunting story alright
now this is the latest video from llama
arts alright by the way you know go
please please please subscribe to llama
rights all right they're making some new
content now alright Anna and like I'm
excited to see it you guys should be too
alright they need more support
alright go subscribe to them alright a
creepy ghost hunting story oh my
goodness I went ghost hunting two guys
remember that this happened about five
years ago when I was 21
uh-huh me and my friend Seth got into
this app which show more ghosts that's
what I did go out ghost hunting but
nothing much that's what I did in my
video claims a dot would appear on one
of our phones and it would say random
words we would ask how did you die okay
enough like that oh and sometimes the
answers lined up oh it was mostly random
oh my god night 2 a.m. set he suggested
going to the cemetery to see if the app
picked insanitary
I was hesitant but I nervously agree
yeah yeah started making our way through
the neighborhood towards the cemetery it
was weird as the streets are normally
lined with cars but they were empty on
this he walked down the road with
app running but it wasn't picking
anything up oh my god we finally made it
to the cemetery oh it was a small
family-owned one where they only buried
their own Oh Seth went up to the gate
and started shouting hoping to get a
respected read off guy all right
suggesting to go to a cemetery all right
I mean there's joking around with I'm
playing with an app but then there's
going to where a place where there's
dead people that people are buried and
screaming you know for ghosts all right
I think that's a bit too far or I have
some respect for the dead Jesus hoping
to get a response on the app but nothing
happened
nothing happened okay I was standing in
the road feeling unsettled yeah and Seth
starts yelling oh wait fred wahl you've
got I told them to stop disrespecting
the dead yeah I should leave yeah
try being funny saying oh I'll make them
show up oh my god this jumpy gate
started stomping on the graves while
screaming oh come on show us something
show some respect
all of a sudden our phone said something
at the same time huh I looked down at my
phone and it was there huh no we both
just stood there looking at each other
when ten or so red dots of food on the
radar again oh I'm gonna look back up
from my phone
Seth was next to me oh okay said we yeah
we got as soon as I said that we could
hear the street lights turning off we
took off running as fast as we could we
got about halfway into the neighborhood
before running out of breath and having
a stop oh my god I felt like I was gonna
throw up the lights went off then I
heard my phone say something
I was muffled but I knew what it said
huh being too scared to look at my phone
I looked at Seth who looked terrified no
he nodded at me to get my phone but a
little I slowly pulled it out I was
gonna follow my name across the top I
turned my phone off and said screw this
go home made our way back to my house
and had a cigarette to calm down we were
talking about what just happened almost
not believing it yeah when I heard my
phone again
no this time it was my sister's name
we just stood there frozen not saying a
word oh my god no and went off again and
sent my brother's day I took my phone L
turned it on to go deleted the app ghost
becoming the ghost appear to stay the
night but he refused oh my gosh
can't blame them yeah I can't blame him
even going to the cemetery in the first
place and now you got bhima's chasing
you okay I hope you're happy stupid
friend of mine oh my god when I finally
got to sleep that night okay
dreamt a muffled voice repeating a word
over and over huh I started to wake up
and the words became my phone was off
with the battery out okay but when I
turned it over he was lit up with the
app running what it had a red dot about
six feet from me still repeating
no no no no
ah okay so okay okay sorry no uh sorry
guys all right I'm sorry okay all right
come on now who doesn't like a
jump-scare come on now why so he pass
out it's at the end oh I woke up the
next morning and went to the bathroom I
had a razor thin cut from my left
shoulder to my right you know I don't
know what happened that night and
nothing has happened to me since
needless to say I don't mess with that
kind of stuff yeah Jesus okay you said
show us something and guess what the
ghost bloody that show showed you
something he showed you exactly a mark
from here all the way down to there okay
Jesus Christ all right this is what I
don't mess with the dead okay I'm a I
don't believe in ghosts at all or I
don't believe in ghosts don't believe in
demons don't believe in any of this dumb
scary shit okay but I do kind of believe
that you know you you you get affected
by these sort of things if you look into
it okay I'm not the sort of person that
believes in it all right and that's why
I feel like I you know and nothing
really happens to me but if you go over
to a cemetery start asking the dead and
start like wanting something to happen
okay you never know what kind of kind of
shits gonna happen all right I mean I'm
not sure that's that's a real story and
and it's true but I have I have heard of
stories like that happening in the past
okay and III can't explain it okay so I
don't know what happened but Jesus yeah
don't go chasing off the ghosts and
stuff like that you know keep the evil
energy away from you that's how that's
how you stay away from this stuff just
don't do like crazy stuff like going to
a cemetery at 2:00 a.m.
does that dumb shit okay but then again
I made a video with the ghost app at
3:00 a.m. for a video but that was more
like a comedy video okay but it wasn't
actually serious all right the next
llama arts animation that we're going to
be watching is school lockdown stories
number two now we watched part one in
the last episode okay and
that one was amazing and scary okay I've
never had never heard of something of
like a school going down on lockdown but
I'm guessing that kind of stuff happens
in America because you know of like
school shootings and horrible things
like that you know crazy people doing
dumb things in in public schools okay so
yeah let's listen to another story of
the school going on lockdown okay how
scary is that to like experience oh my
gosh okay let's just watch the video all
right school lockdown stories number two
oh I'm so excited okay school going on
locked the 22 years old fresh out of
college and I recently got a job at my
old high school as a sort of computer
intern in the school basement
okay the basement of the school is very
messy and disorganized
okay wait why is there you canonical in
the back there I know the way to that
scary school ah the basement of the
school is very messy and disorganized
messy but there is a small three-person
office that's actually very nice down
there all right it has three nice big
desks okay two mini fridges okay
flat-screen TV mounted on the wall and I
was so satisfying air conditioned okay
luxury the students and teachers cannot
enjoy her school all right so it's not
worse all the school servers and other
computery stuff okay so he's in the
basement of his school but he's
basically saying that it's not as scary
as you think even though he's in the
basement of the school okay I got the
job because three of my old computer
teachers flat-out adored me oh I could
actually consider them as real friends
oh my gosh teacher figures so they all
helped tremendously in lending me this
job 22 he's friends with the teachers in
great okay until something that happened
a few weeks ago or no schools go knock
down my co-workers that share the office
with me Dave and Gary yeah weren't in
the office at the time always alone they
were upstairs working on papers or
whatever all got I was eating my
sandwich during my lunch break and I got
a phone call from one of the women in
the front office school was on lockdown
and that somebody possibly armed had
entered the school he's got a gun there
wasn't much that I could do other than
turn off the lights because surprisingly
as nice as this little office was it
didn't have a knack
door to host a big opening and the north
of the whole basement didn't even have a
working life for my own safety I did
turn off all the lights in the office my
computer screen height I kept my phone
on the desk
texting both Gary and Dave but they
wouldn't respond Oh No i sat down there
in the dark playing games on my phone
for like 20 minutes okay waiting for the
call from up front to tell me to resume
working yeah is okay I had no idea what
was happening I couldn't hear what was
going on upstairs from down here what
Hey I was not allowed to make any calls
until I was informed that the lockdown
was over noisy basement door open as the
creaking echoed across the basement and
into my office i sat up for my seat
wondering if I should call out Gary or
Dave no no don't get some info from that
know someone then came running down the
stairs and their footsteps were
approaching my office I pushed away my
chair and crawled under my desk :
somebody entered the office but did not
turn on the light so no there was just
silence someone there's someone that
there's someone that I can't even
describe the fear I was experiencing
imagine I felt like if I made one sudden
noise I'd be a dead man yes you would
suddenly my phone dings I got a text a
message I felt my entire world shrivel
up and die at that one moment as i
clenched my teeth and fear footsteps so
CLE moved closer to me until I finally
dove out from under the desk in
capitulation begging whoever it was not
to kill me and just then someone grabbed
my arm and pulled me up oh it was some
guy in a red plaid button-up jeans and a
reddish black cap who is this he told me
it's okay I'm just down here hiding with
you
wha what's going on up there I whispered
to him he kind of ignored my question
and asked me if there's an exit down
here is it the Gotham yeah
is it the guy before he could do
anything else I asked him who are you it
must be him he's not working grief
moment of silence Oh already started
explaining he was coming in to pick up
his son when a teacher told him to hide
after his explanation I checked my phone
and saw the text I received was from
Dave okay it said do it this is crazy
some guy with a gunshot mr. Buckley no
he's wearing a red shirt and a hat
whatever you do don't come upstairs
I was about to reread that text out loud
to the man Oh
until I realized I looked up no and felt
my stomach sink
oh my kill him the man seemed to catch
on to my suspicions there he's gonna
shoot me he's gonna send me all I could
think to do was to run for the upstairs
no gunshot echoed through the basement I
could hear the bullet ricochet off
something metal in the darkness but
thank God that bullet missed me and I
made it upstairs my god we police were
waiting at all exits including the
basement exit and caught the man the
second he opened the door no more good
news our teacher mr. Buckley survived
the gunshot OH was later determined that
the man and mr. Buckley had some beef
for whatever reason oh that was never
revealed previous truth we know is that
mr. Buckley couldn't have done anything
that would have warranted this kind of
reaction
oh I know that the sound of that gunshot
will forever echo in my mind no he could
have died that night
oh my god imagine that Jesus Christ man
ah I mean I mean I get like some people
you know they don't like their teachers
alright and feel like some teachers can
be you know bad to them you know but
like come on now it's hard to be a
teacher alright you're underpaid alright
you gotta look after like 30 students at
once alright don't go don't go so crazy
to the point where you feel like you
want to kill your own teacher Jesus
Christ but house like I was scary that
story is all right how scary how scared
you made this poor guy because you hated
this teacher you made this poor guy fear
for his life and you were gonna kill him
if you weren't such a bad shot oh my
gosh imagine being in that situation I
hate guns I hate hate hate guns I wish
we lived in a world where guns never
even exist anymore but damn Jesus that's
that's so scary man I cannot even
imagine what that would be like to be in
that horrific situation geez that gives
me the shivers Oh or at the next
animation that we're gonna be watching
is true
Craigslist horror stories - alright
apparently the number two is better than
number one if you guys don't know what
Craigslist is it is basically a old
website where people can sell things
online like I can sell something to
someone else you know something that I
don't need and then like we'll meet up
and then I would exchange them for money
and I'll give them the item okay so
apparently something scary happened when
you know meeting someone on Craigslist
oh my god that sounds horrific and scary
let's watch it true Craigslist stories -
alright so scary now the fact this is
true is even scare story took place a
long time ago back in 2002 alright
Craigslist was natural years ok many
wouldn't know but back in those days
Craigslist was a lot different all right
it was a lot more so an online garage
sale or just a place where people have
lists old things that still had some
value that they were willing to give
away ok I got a basketball hoop a hockey
net and a spoiler ficar all the babies
in that scene yeah yeah bunch of things
you'd be lucky if you found something
like that these
days yeah okay anyway anyway son were
dying to buy a hockey net so we could
practice in the coldest sack we lived in
all right for the record this was before
I got that free one I mentioned aha
wouldn't you know it on Craigslist there
was an ad for a slightly used
regulation-size hockey goal for only $50
$50 came with a puck and two slightly
foggy stay pretty good bargain okay I
still have a picture of that ad to this
day a show by him it seems like the
perfect deal but he lived about two
hours away
don't ever he had listed and he sounded
pretty normal on the phone okay he had a
pretty deep dark voice but nothing that
would be off-putting okay I remember his
voice being a bit emotionless oh oh he
agreed to meet halfway due to the
distance yeah said he put us off in the
back of his pickup truck okay said he
could only come after he got off from
work though which was much later in the
day way past our oh no homeless guy
highway mean my son who was 11 at the
time took my wife's minivan the only car
that would be able to fit that he went
with his son within an hour we were at
the truck stop know what was empty at
this I was decisively lit by three big
light posts okay I parked right under
one of the lights and waited okay it's
okay
a pickup truck pulled in off the highway
right on time all right he stopped right
in front of me all right I went over to
his window but then noticed there was
nothing in the back of his truck oh no
you Steve yes to me yep that's me I said
all right my buddy's bringing in the
stuff with his truck the guy pulled up
behind the rock called it in park I
suddenly had a bad feeling wait wait
back in the corn luck every door except
mine know what's going on more pairs of
headlights came off the highway into the
Lots
tumult had enough pulling up next to me
three cartons not surprisingly at this
point there was no hockey
and then neither one of them is racing
no I was worried not for me but for my
son because I mean on this trip a group
of large men mixed with heavyset and
muscular physiques stepped out of the
two pickup trucks behind the first one
they I'd me from head to toe giving that
typical intimidation stare down what the
hold on this bald guy wearing sunglasses
said in a deep voice Heisenberg where's
the money
worked at morning I instantly pulled out
my wallet and handed it give it to him
him to just let me and my son go do you
want he pulled out like a hundred
dollars and was pissed expecting more he
then sent two of his goons or whatever
to get my son no at this point I
screamed and begged for him not to watch
my son one of the men broke the glass to
the minivan back door vividly remember
the disturbing heartbreaking screams of
my young son what happened next was what
I can only explain to be a miracle from
God answering my prayers a car was
entering a lot from off the highway okay
all the men stopped and turned to look
at it as it got closer my heart
literally dropped in excitement as I saw
it was a police car oh the light
suddenly began to flash it's enough to
see what was going on all of the men
were back in their trucks within seconds
speeding off down the highway all right
well at least two of them the truck in
the back was caught immediately by the
police car and backup arrived shortly
yes I explained everything to them and
they got the men that were caught to
ride out on the others supposingly
quickly okay I guess luckily the guys in
the back truck weren't very loyal to
whoever their leader was if they even
had any type of leader believe it or not
I had a police escort all the way home
to make me my son feel safer I don't
want to get into all the legal stuff but
I'll just say that all of those men
except for one was caught and I'm pretty
sure that was the driver of the first
pickup truck okay
needless to say my craigslist days
weren't over at that point but I've
always been much more protective of my
son
much more cautious of Craigslist
meetings since then Oh
what was this like the Mafia or
something what were they expecting to
find like a million dollars from this
guy why do they need the whole team was
this like a drug deal that was meant to
happen in secret on Craigslist I have no
idea what the hell is going on but oh my
lord
okay that is a - a creepy creepy story
yeah yeah there are some creepy people
out in this world all right and yeah
doing something like that like meeting
someone that you have no idea who you
know don't do it in the middle of the
night don't do it in the middle of
nowhere
don't bring your son along - oh my gosh
that story's so scary but thank God the
police came imagine what they would have
done if they didn't if but why I
understand oh my goodness why I want to
know who these people were
man that story was crazy can you believe
that man man man man all right now it's
time for I lost llama arts animation now
like I said to begin the video I hope
you subscribe to llama hearts at this
point and I hope you went over to miss
the night news channel too and subscribe
all right so the last animation were
watching is called the smiling man all
right sounds scary let's watch it oh
they're smiling man is it about five
years ago I lived downtown in the major
city in the US okay
I've always been a night person so I
would often find myself bored after my
roommate who was decidedly not a night
person went to sleep yeah to pass the
time I used to go for long walks and
spend the time thing at night I spent
four years later sitting alone at night
well I never once had a reason to feel
freed
well I always used to joke with my
roommates that even the drug dealers in
the city were polite okay but even I got
changed in just a few minutes of one
evening um see well I mean she was a
Wednesday
she's somewhere between 1:00 and 2:00 in
the morning
i was walking near police patrol park
quite a ways from my apartment okay
that's good it was a quiet night even
for a weeknight with very little traffic
and almost no one on foot okay yeah who
would be it was most nights was
completely empty yet I went down a short
side street in order to loop back down
my apartment when I first noticed oh no
no no in the far end of the street on my
side the silhouette of a man dancing
dude it was a strange dance similar to a
waltz but he finished each box with a
nod forward stride oh okay you could say
he's danced walking you were great for
me
oh no deciding he was probably drunk Oh
get as close as I could to the road to
give him the wrong guy up to pass me
from guy and draw the closer he got the
more I realized how gracefully he was
moving uh-oh
he was very tall and lanky and wearing
an old suit oh he danced closer still oh
no no I could make out his feet walk the
other way his eyes were open wide and
wild head tilted back slightly looking
off at the sky his mouth was formed in a
painfully wide cartoon of a smile
between the eyes and the smile I decided
to cross the street before you danced it
we got away I took my eyes off of him to
cross the empty street as I reached the
other side I glanced back okay and then
stopped dead in my tracks oh he had
stopped dancing and was standing with
one foot in the street Norfolk we
parallel to me he was facing me still
looking skyward smiles still wide on his
lips I was completely and utterly
unnerved by this goat I started walking
again when I brought my eyes on the man
okay moves keep an eye on him once I had
put about half a block between us I
turned away from him for a moment to
watch the sidewalk in front of him okay
the street and sidewalk ahead of me were
completely empty okay
still unnerved I looked back at where he
had been just like look back find him
God
there's God for the briefest of moments
I felt relieved until I noticed him he
had crossed the street watan was now
slightly crouched down what I couldn't
tell for sure due to the distance and
the shadows right but I was certain he
was facing me he would spread I have
looked away from him from no more than
ten seconds so it was clear that he had
moved fast yeah yeah I was so shocked
and I stood there for some time staring
at him No
then he started moving toward know he
took giant exaggerated tiptoed steps no
he were a cartoon character sneaking up
on someone except he was moving very
very quickly no I must say at this point
that I ran away or pulled out my pepper
spray or cell phone or anything at all
but I groans he froze up there he froze
frozen frogs myelin man-whore would know
but then he stopped again about a car
length away from me still smiling a
smile still looking to the sky when I
finally found my voice I blurted out the
first thing that came to mind what the
hell you doing it meant to ask was what
the fuck do you want what is in there
angry commanding tone what came out was
a whimper
what the fuck regardless whether or not
humans can smell fear
oh they can certainly hear it up I heard
it in my own voice huh that only made me
more afraid Oh didn't react to it at all
I just stood there smile
very slowly and started dance walking
away oh my god what a relief
Keith not wanting to turn my back to him
yeah don't just what she watched him go
yeah what till he was far enough away to
almost be out of sight yeah good and I
realized something
whoa he wasn't moving away anymore Oh
nor was he dancing huh I watched in
horror as the distant shape of him got
bigger and bigger he's coming back my
way he was coming back my way and this
time he was running ran through I ran
until I was out the side road and back
onto a better world with sparse traffic
looking behind me then he was nowhere to
be found no rest of my way home I kept
glancing over my shoulder always
expecting to see his stupid smile and is
never there what how man I lived in that
city for six months after that and I
never went out for another walk
something about his weight
I always wanted I didn't look drunk
he didn't look high he looked completely
and utterly insane oh my god and that's
a very very scary thing to say Oh like
yeah that kind of thing would freak me
out I'm pretty short was just like a guy
on drugs or just a crazy man all right
doing meth or something you know but
regardless even if it is just a crazy
man and not like a demon it's still
scary to just experience that you know
oh my goodness yeah just like you would
feel so comfortable going for walks and
then all of a sudden you know you see
this guy you would be terrified you know
like no matter what who the hell this
guy is
you would be absolutely shitting it if
you were in this guy situation man
horrible horrible stuff Oh scary scary
poopoo man okay ladies drama I think I
have more scared out guys all right I
know I
okay I'm very scared after that video
okay I don't know how I'm gonna sleep
tonight but yeah like I said the
beginning the video go subscribe to
their both the youth bit of their
YouTube channels or if you'd like me and
doing this as like a miniseries okay I I
think I'm not gonna do any more videos
on their channel because like I want you
guys to go over to their channel and
subscribe to them but I might make one
more bonus video if this video reaches I
don't know like 30,000 likes I'll do it
alright I'll leave up to you either way
thank you guys so much for watching I
appreciate you guys watching I
appreciate you guys like showing these
guys support alright because you know I
love it that I know I can be in a
position where I can help YouTube
channels you know and animators they
work so hard you know and they put so
much time it takes so much skill you
know and yeah like III feel lucky that
I'm in a position where I get to promote
channels like this because you know they
work so hard and they deserve all the
credit that they does that they get
either way that they guys so much for
watching I'll see you very soon with
another video thank you guys again but
bye boo scary huh funny okay bye
