hello everyone it is mess over here and
today I have a really awesome video for
you guys if you watched my last video
you would have seen that Xbox are
holding a competition for Assassin's
Creed unity where they are looking for
the one in the best assassinations and I
held this competition and we got so many
cool clips I can't wait to show you so
I'm basically taking the best clips it
was hard to do but I've taken the best
clips and I put it into a top 5 where
the winner has won some awesome prizes
if you guys have missed out on the
competition don't worry there is still
some competitions going on just go to
Xbox comm /the one and I think they've
still got a GTA 5 competition going on
right now and the halo competition going
on soon so without wasting any more time
let us check out the clips the first
clip comes from everyday bumping he
starts up just stabbing a poor guy but
he ain't done there there was so many
enemies here wait for it
he doesn't slide takes down the enemy
kicks that one assassinate him kicks
them again from behind kills the
friendly I don't know why he's just
killing everyone does his runner have
the kick and it gives another friendly I
don't know why kills two more rounds he
said it gives another guy what was that
what was that he just killed everyone if
you thought that clip was good wait till
you see the rest I don't know why he
killed everyone I'm pretty sure he only
had to kill the red guys but no one
stopped in everyday bumping so coming in
at number 4 again we have everyday bump
in he's playing with his friends and he
runs away from his friend and get a
double kill I went for it
another double kill that was so quick
and his friends are like what was that
you everyday bumping above wins like
yeah that was me deal with it
you did not you saw that okay deal with
it I am good at 7th greed what coming in
at number 3 we have maximus prime okay
he's playing a me
with his friends now you've gotta wait
for this because this is so crazy okay
he's doing a mission where he has a
Saturday this guy now wait for it wait
for it
boom killed him whimpering ha ha ha
everyone just jumps on him did you guys
see that if they that was awesome like
all of his friends one by one killed
every single enemy that's number three
because that sort of communication was
just there that was clearly set up and
it was set up to perfection well done
sir well done so the next two clips were
so hard to choose from but I have
finally made my decision the next clip
comes from Cyclops hunter 12 okay he is
on a building and he does a little bit
of scouting okay decides to throw a
smoke bomb okay
jumps onto this ledge of jobs on down
gets the kill from jumping alright I
still don't see him he does that little
spin kills that guy josmell kill
oh no he's not done there surprise
Saturday then does another thumb spin
kill that guy and gets away scot-free
they got away scot-free
no one's none the wiser that ladies and
gentlemen is the definition of an
assassin he gets his kills and then no
one saw it was like did that oh shit
even so here we are the number one spot
this person has won some awesome prizes
and I have crowned the one for
Assassin's Creed unity this person is I
to meant he starts off in cover get
those gun shoots won everyone's like
what the hell's going on
shoots another theft to wait for it
shoot another that's three and watch
what I am to flip them over by him
over by him blitz can he do another one
they get the nylon what's going on here
what IH kills are going to fight what is
good why was I how many did he kill like
I can't eat what I can't even describe
that clip okay if I was him in that
position I would have been so scared but
he kept his calm and he just got so many
kills that was crazy okay I like that
just happened to be so a bit of skill
and a bit of luck so congratulations to
I torment that was a pretty cool kill
and I just want to thank everyone who
entered the competition seriously it was
so hard for me to choose five clips like
they were all so good so just give
yourself a pat on the back for just
doing something cool in a video game
okay but anyway guys I want to thank you
so much for making the one competition
so successful and amazing and if you
guys did miss out on this competition
don't worry like I said you can go to
Xbox comm /the one and there are still
some competitions left which of my
interest be interesting and win some
cool prizes but anyway guys I wouldn't
thank you so much for watching and I
will see you in the next video man see
you later Bob
