oh no it's happening again it's got them
helping again could you please leave me
alone
I'm innocent miss simian he's the one
you want to be alone there's no way I'm
going back to jail
I'm too young there's no way of going
back there's no way of going back take
this take this go away come away or the
line I have no choice okay okay I'm
coming out I'm coming out oh shoot oh
shoot oh shoot I give up I give up go
shave gosh I
okay ma'am I'm gonna need you to pick
the woman who look like the one who took
your vehicle okay everyone how is
everyone doing today we are back playing
gta5 again finally I haven't played GTA
5 in months and especially I haven't
paid GTA online if you did watch my GTA
5 online videos I made too I had a
character called Shirley she is an
independent woman and she don't need no
man okay uh her house and again I said
it against your nickel is an independent
black woman and she don't need no man
well am i doing what we're gonna do is
we're gonna catch up with all the stuff
that we missed okay we're going to edit
our character because there's a new
customization in it we're also gonna get
a cool new Shaniqua car and we're also
gonna get a new house for SHINee
quadrature party is our party animal
she's a black woman
and she don't need no man motherfuckers
okay heritage oh my goodness this is the
joke with my character she just look
she's so ugly okay so my mama is gizelle
okay
she was also independent okay and she
didn't need no man but then Noah came
along was like baby girl I like that ass
and my mama was my mama was flattered
she was like stayin this guy like what
am I talking about
so that's my mama and my dad I love them
- I love them so much
god bless their hearts rest their souls
baby no Jesus rest of songs goodness a
you've been doing too much partying
she's meant to be like a hip 20 year old
PI animal look at that face she looks
like an oh poor girl I think you should
keep your glasses on god damn it oh you
know I got do a big impression Billy Ray
Cyrus now I can put in pigtails all my
goodness this is not normal
this is not normal guys everything she
looks like a man trying to impersonate a
woman I can make have measles and
pimples and sports
that's disgusting for that's disgusting
oh my goodness
that is horrible she look like oh okay
well I finished uniqua she does still
look a bit like a man I'm not gonna lie
but herb I think I did what I could oh
my god I could even change her clothes
okay so we can have a street outfit at
home my goodness she's gotta be flashy
okay she is a partay and I'm all the
benefit upmarket and it's know what I
like Alice let's have a look well oh
yeah there's part a style oh the bubble
gum with the anime leggings these are
really cool you know what I think I
might go with the bubble gum I like the
bubble gum oh these are really cool
well the 90s look that looks cool okay
I'm gonna go with a 90s look yeah do you
like this look guys I like it okay I
think we're done here we're gonna save
and continue' and her name is Shaniqua
okay the puck craziest party animal in
the whole of les samples I am done over
here
Shaniqua pose for the camera okay and
except boom take that picture she even
bling to the picture Oh
Shaniqua what are we gonna do with you
you crazy little girl I can't wait to
play this actually really excited
loading up into GTA online it's taking
forever
so I'm singing this song I'm singing
this song while we wait for the gt800 if
you wanna hurry up any faster it would
be great but to play GTA online so I'm
not expecting anything to happen yet a
GTA online GTA online GTA GTA hurry up
please GTA I'm going to take her right
this ti play a GTA oh no wait I'm not
I'm waiting for cheating
okay come on now Jesus Christ alert
timed-out locating session please return
to come on now I'm trying to make a
goddamn video now I remember why I
stopped playing his day we are baby here
we are we're GTA online so neat oh you
were looking super fan okay now this is
my first apartment but apparently you
can now buy two apartments so that's
what we're gonna do also today maybe we
can get an apartment with a bed of you
isn't that right Uniqua okay ladies
gentlemen Shaniqua is here baby girl
and she is here to party so first things
first we need a new vehicle for Shaniqua
okay so let's buy a new vehicle
ooh I am look at all these vehicles to
choose from so let us find the Shaniqua
'mobile
yeah look at this sexy Oz vehicle lazy
gentleman this ladies and gentlemen is
the Shaniqua mobile just look how god
damn pretty this vehicle is so now what
we're going to do we're gonna say
goodbye to Richard's majestic you were a
good apartment
Richard majestic I had many parties in
that place but I think we need a little
bit of an upgrade so let us move into a
new apartment yeah yeah
watch it shorter
you ain't gotta tell me what you gonna
show us Assam
so ladies gentlemen that is my apartment
it's such a goddamn beautiful place
don't blur
you guys are so jealous anyway guys I
want to end the video here this is the
return of Shaniqua in los santos let me
know if you want me to do more GTA
online videos I do have some GTA 5 non
online videos come in without the face
cam don't worry anyway guys want to
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you in the next god damn video on my
see you later everyone say goodbye see
think what I'm gonna find a black woman
and I don't mean oh man oh yes I don't
know sir
ladies and gentlemen good bye yeah
