hahaha no everyone ours everyone doing
today will play The Sims boy yes where
are we playing The Sims 4 yet again
ladies and gentlemen let again we're
playing The Sims oh yes we are so how is
everyone doing today in the wonderful
world of The Sims 4 slut I don't know
what the hell she's doing she's being a
slut
last episode we turned baby slut into a
teenager looking a bit muddy now so
today ladies and gentlemen is a very
special episode as you can see from the
title I am going to show you all that in
The Sims 4 but we need a test dummy so
today I am going to kill baby slut okay
ladies and gentlemen the first death I
am going to show you is death by fire
baby snot bun hahahaha
baby slut has no idea baby sly has no
idea okay he's in the house alright so
we're gonna go to crab mode take the dog
delete the dog is trump please gentlemen
here's now Trump
okay let's start by lighting all of the
fireplace - right baby / - right for
like the furnace now no one's gonna hurt
ya I think I'm getting quite insane
two hours later oh oh it's opening it's
ready they start the fire it's time to
fire no it's a rod look at his face look
at AJ's blaze begging for help but no
one's gonna help it but baby sludge but
Jesus is is it like well I guess this is
it no this is my time to die
what the hell oh my goodness pecker oh
shit oh shit
hahahaha
all the Grammys my bad
hello
ok ladies and gentlemen I sang the game
just before baby slut died ok so we can
then move on to the next step and the
next step I'm gonna try out is death by
electrocution I'm going insane I know I
am okay baby slut is back less Jenna
baby slut is back and he's like what the
hell's going on now so what I have done
if I place the worst electronics in the
game we got the stereo and the mini TV
okay now if I remember from Sims 3 all
you had to do is piss on a broken
electronic and then try and repair it
and then you would electrocute now I'm a
that's the same so let's go at real God
baby look at that you do the Charter
everybody do the judges this is jazz pop
baby sluts version of the chart I was
like who the judge hey hey he just like
to get himself
okay he's taste that means that if he
tries to repair again and failed
he will then die yes come on kill
yourself for the monitor oh wait what
happened what happened what the hell
just happened
baby slut just disappeared what the hell
baby salsa wizard
okay he's back in how that was really
weird I hope it doesn't happen again
oh Jesus Christ get the hell out of me
one second he was absolutely vital in
Texas he's jumpin all over the place
okay well that was the death of my
execution oh my goodness I think I
nearly died of shock Jesus Christ okay
it is now time to show you the old
classic death death by starvation
okay legitimate this is actually gonna
work his life he's going to starve to
death in eight seven six five four three
two Oh baby slut Oh bullshit oh he's I
did me no bad yeah goddamnit that's a
grim reaper again hello mr. Grimley that
took a long time with the power of
editing that took like a minute that you
didn't let you you absolute buggers but
so the next step is a win one which I
didn't even know you could do but it is
done by cow punch whoa
look a baby slut in here is still dazed
from their education look at his face oh
listen what is wrong as much okay
so death by cow blood how do I do this
okay so death by cow plan
we need a cow plants eat whatever the
hell that is
okay so baby slut will travel to the
deserts bloom Park okay and apparently
fish for some seeds okay so I apparently
have to go all the way up to the top and
fish in this pond I think look at baby
slut fishing Oh as he caught something
he's caught something what what Oh what
I want that what did you do didn't you
casually think oh hey cool one baby slut
out go away oh okay I miss them I missed
an obligation but I think we got a let's
check my inventory and here we go a cow
plot battery yeah okay so what we do is
go into our inventory we take the cat
cow plant berry and we're gonna plant it
right there come on baby slug planet
berry berry shabu everyone we are back
weird assumes Bowl I got changed and i
am recording this a different day
because uh i thought this this video
idea would be a good idea but it's taken
me so long but my heart is settling okay
we are going to finish this video okay
so where we left off here's the kaolin
oh look at the little cow blood it's so
adorable
bloody so adorable
which Okajima oh is it with you who
would Oh Oh Jo Jo oh just uh hey so
adorable so you're probably asking me
ladies and gentlemen who is this
adorable little thingy kill us so
basically guys is that we basically have
to starve it so that when it becomes
hungry um every day if we starve it long
enough he will actually try and eat us
and I think you could actually die from
okay everyone it's the moment of truth
okay this is a cow's blood is holding
out a delicious piece of cake look at
that little piece of cake
god damn it so at the moment he's hungry
so we have the option to either feed him
but we're going to be this careful hunt
we're gonna choose to eat the cake okay
let's see let's see what will happen all
right
take me take the cake to the gate oh
shit oh shit okay I thought he was gonna
die put a cap on okay so I think that
was like a birth warning and the second
time will be the time way he dies okay
fast forward yet again baby sluts about
to eat the cake one more time now I
think this should kill him oh crap my
box we pick Brandon oh no Brandon no no
no please spin out
please spare our place then I Lizbeth
no no no no no no no this could be slut
get over here old slut get on here you
have to bleep around and plead for
Brandon no no we gonna die
Brandon could die baby stop afraid to
die and I didn't save the game it is
insane please dad please please spare
him spare no no no
I'm just kidding of course I saved it I
scared you that brans ain't gonna dice
is my goddamn series I am the main star
of this series okay there is no way in
hell I am dynamo ocean serious now in
The Sims 4 since they introduced
emotions you can actually die by
overload of emotions I know it's kind of
red so you can die by death of
embarrassment
hahahahaha or even just by love de ha ha
ha that's probably how I'm gonna die in
real life or you can have death by anger
so yeah it's gonna take a long time so
I'm not going to do it I'm just gonna
input some cheats because this is taking
me so long and yeah it should happen
like within a couple of hours after I
putting in the cheat so what we're going
to do first is dead by embarrassment
walk so normally how you would do this
is that you would make baby slut so
embarrassed that he would then go
observe or I don't know get a hard dive
assumption so anyway I'm gonna input the
cheap right now oh is it gonna happen
Oh what what I kinda he'll look at it
and with that why you make sure that's
the death I love that's hilarious he's
just like oh no I can't do it with my
brothers anymore
god dammit now everyone says granite
don't be sad I'm gonna bring it back to
life in a second oh my goodness this
videos gonna take a hell of a long time
okay so the next step we are going to do
is jump by love I don't have my water
anymore okay so I'm gonna just input the
cheap because this could take a bloody
world long time if I was doing this
normally Bratton is like god dammit baby
slut how many times have I seen you die
today
God Duncan that face that he pulls us
before he's about to die oh my goodness
that's hilarious
okay so the third death he can
experience through an emotion is death
by Yahweh what are you doing baby slut
what are you doing baby slut stop
earning the Pooh Bear now he's taking a
selfie god damnit babies like what are
we gonna do with you oh it's
what okay
that was about quicker he just got so
angry I think you got like a heart
attack with something what the hell
these deaths are just these devs are
really weird I didn't think I think this
could happen but they're really weird
okay so the next two deaths happen when
you're in your old age
okay so um yeah let's uh let's turn baby
slut into a goddamn grandpa let's do it
baby slut I just made a beautiful
hamburger cake okay he is an adulterer
now not at not a teenager so um if I add
birthday candles to this cake and blow
out the candles he should turn into an
old man Oh oh my goodness like a ugly
image is an old man what is that
he's a wrinkly and stuff that's
disgusting no my goodness so the first
step we're going to try out is death by
exhaustion was that mean so because baby
slut is now an old man it's probably
renamed baby slut um basically if you
make him do too much as an old man he
will die so if you basically tell him to
work out like all the time he will die
is it gonna happen now
Sablin oh oh goes over the old man I
made him do too much I've made him too
too much Oh No so ladies gentlemen it is
now finally time this is taking me so
long you guys have no idea
sorry there's been so much like editing
and cuts because I've been recording for
so many hours but we are in the last
death now it is the old classic damn
death bye Oh finally
okay everyone as you may have noticed
it's gone very dark I have been
recording for so many goddamn hours but
baby slut is about to die of old age
oh oh no oh oh the most adorable deadly
oh you just died Oh apparently a fires
just started in my house
okay I'm ignoring that Jesus guy that's
enough enough enough for today I've been
recording for many hours you know one
cat that's I'm just I'm just gonna end
the video ahead thank you guys so much
for watching this video took so much
time and effort so I like which I would
appreciate like so much I kind of like
got really tired at the end I'm sorry
but this video took so many hours to
record but anyway guys I want to thank
guys so much for watching
one more question before we go is that
what you want me to do with baby sluts
do you want me to turn back as a
teenager do you want me to keep it as an
old man or do you want me to kill him
and maybe still have some new kids I'll
leave that up to you Zen ey guys I'll
upload the next video at 10,000 likes
and I'll see you in the next video bye
sooner - guys love you bye
