hello everyone how is everyone doing
today we are back with the Far Cry 3
yeah yeah it we are back with one of my
favorite games of the beautiful Far Cry
free look on this lens flat lane
gentlemen you would think this is an MLG
Call of Duty montage with these lens
flares god dammit
so today ladies and gentlemen maybe I
lost for Chris video but yeah this is
probably going to our last five by three
video because I think of pretty much
quit today we're gonna pretty much do
everything that can be done in Far Cry
and guess what ladies and gentlemen far
cry 4 is coming out in a couple of weeks
in a couple of weeks and a lot of you
asking me but dude you were to play for
group one I'm like a dog why why
wouldn't I play you know that's why I'm
starting to play Far Cry 3 again so we
can get me in the mood for the best game
in the whole world cuz Far Cry free book
far cry 4 is gonna be the best game in
the world hello sir how are you doing
today
hello hey what is your name hey why are
you walking around me take the leg Oh
Jed I'm a fire so I have crafted every
single item you can possibly crop in Far
Cry 3 except for two items so what they
want o'clock today ladies and gentlemen
is an extended munitions pouch but this
requires the hide of a white belly to
pair to peer to peer or not to be that
is the question a taxidermist
once a rare white belly to her
a hunt one with a bow provided the
designated area okay let's go kill this
top hair okay because this is the last
episode of the Far Cry freeze I've made
a decision for this episode are not
allowed to shoot the only thing I'm
allowed to use is my bow or my knife
okay so if this didn't get harder it is
shows how gotten a whole lot more harder
if you know what I'm saying that's what
she said all that business you know what
to do okay give my bow okay I got my bow
now this this should be a problem the
defend the to play what kind of name is
it a pair okay when they were naming
animals who the hell named this one what
the hell is it to pay to play where the
hell is this bugger
I don't even know what the hell it
appear is have I even seen it to pick
what was up I think I just saw it look a
little choppy here two pair where are
you going what kind of ugly ass animal
is this what the hell to pay where's he
running off to oh here's a normal two
pair I'm gonna kill this oh look at this
Darby Fox I'm sorry two pair it's just
he's just looking he's just looking to
the river I like god damn it I've lived
my whole life I'm goddamn messed up
comes along six an arrow up my butt and
now I'm dead oh wait not wait what what
the hell is not dying why is he running
into the city
do bear you are a fat little bugger what
are you doing with your life I'm sorry
rest in peace to Pierre and thank you
for your skin I'm gonna be on my way
thank you very much
so what we can do now is we can finally
crop or extend
munitions pouch no your I've now got
oldest default give me I'll receive oh
boy okay because I've never actually
used the seat boards or mines okay I'm
gonna take out my mind and I'm gonna try
and place in the road and then we're
gonna see if an enemy comes along and it
will it kill them and explode them to
hell oh wait that's a car that's a car
quick place the mine place the mine okay
it may be a friendly car Go Go gun Oh
oh crap what did I do
oh no I'm so sorry man I need to use
mines and see for smoke then this is
hilarious
hello little Pete can't do a piggy I got
through a biggie impression that's what
that's why though try and do a piggy
I got do it I got it ah okay don't don't
don't do that again Brandon for goodness
sake it would actually kill you by going
like that's what that's what I do now
for my big impression
Mike Mike Mike how's the car there's a
car there's a car that's concretely
placed for my own place of mine okay
okay go car everything's chill
everything's chill
oh my goodness that made a massive
explosion because there was another car
there
hello I'm sorry okay ladies and
gentlemen we have crafted every single
thing we can possibly cross infarct
right that we have the weapons holster
out the wallet we have to live rock sack
and the syringe kids with the Alpert you
know the daily statement we have gone
through this whole thing all together
and now we have the last thing which is
the extended Granada pouch okay and this
requires the blood comodo leather
height okay and once we cross this we
can then carry 12 grenades and 12
monitors ladies and gentlemen 12 okay
that's the destard that's a big number
right there
hila needs a rare blood commode or
caucus hunt one will they bull provided
a designated location why'd I turn it
into a Japanese game show host
I don't know god damn it this is kind of
creepy it's just kind of creepy does the
blood Komodo dragons go in the water
I don't know come on don't dragon don't
scare me now Bloody Bloody Bloody Bloody
you bloody Komodo dragon where the hell
are you oh shit is that it is that it Oh
fuzzy bugger look at him run this guy's
hilarious
is this a bad one I don't know I can't
tell oh there's another one there I
think that's the red one Oh Oh what the
hell don't hate everyone
hahaha but goodness I go away Oh Shah
Mardan I'm gonna die go away
dragon I can't give that 100 K this is
the must be the red one look how red it
is like an onion is not a jacket
shit shit shit shit shit shit shit no no
don't kill me like you look at me look
at me Oh kiss me what ha ha ha ha
what the hell you being serious what
come in little dragon I know you're here
somewhere I know you're here the blood
Komodo dragon
it could be goddamn anywhere I don't
know we're gonna find it a wig on the
skinny Ashley - dragon don't say a word
man it's gonna turn you into an extended
pouch of some kind okay that's the
dragon right there okay if I can pick
off from here but oh I got it
boom come on one more what not no for
goodness sake how many hours is this guy
would it take come on one more warm up
warm up but I got it yes I got the blood
Komodo dragon ladies and gentlemen I got
the blood come on a dragon and look all
of his brothers are here so fucking come
kill me come on mercy for me just what I
thought that's what I fold
yes we have done it less gentlemen we
have now got the skin of the blood
Komodo dragon meaning that we can now
crawl or extended grenade pouch we did
it ladies gentlemen we have crafted
every single thing in Far Cry 3 yes we
did it yes
okay so you're probably asking me
Brandon wouldn't know you part your part
about animals okay you killed all the
rare animals they were going to get they
were going to go instinct and now they
definitely got to go extinct so I have
unlocked basically every gun in the game
and you can have like special guns and
special weapons so like here got the
Japanese to tunnel to wait the tip the
Japanese done to Japanese done to and we
have like the shredder we have to pull
the Bushman and the Ripper and the AMR
okay and we have the shadow I've managed
to bought by all the guns but I haven't
bought the shadow just look at the pure
beauty of this gun legend man so it
costs 2600 smackeroonies okay and this
is the only gun I do not have okay so
we're gonna go I don't know let's do an
outpost home and try and get some money
too then we can buy this gun everyone
get down get down get down
what the hell's that over there oh crap
is that more enemies oh shit oh shit oh
shit don't see me don't see me don't see
me
oh okay I made it I wanna I want to use
my c4 for the first time okay now if I
throw it right next to his car it should
change there's not a car there is that
another car that quick rosy ball
this Miss seevers also why did I use
this before this is brilliant
oh crap it's not a car they're fucking
this oh they keep coming is it awesome
so many goddamn enemies maybe I don't
need to do an outpost guys off you let
go right there
oh goodness say okay let's get off my
seat ball hello goodbye this is awesome
I love this I love the c4 it's now my
favorite weapon I'm so glad I killed the
de pere but your plan for good to say
these guys won't leave me alone I'm in
this one thanks to God liquid now the
bodies loop and all the bodies lip and
all the bodies he lit without the
bandage so I can now go into signature
weapons and craft or make oh by the
shadow pistol yes okay why I got this
pistol so ladies gentlemen this has been
Far Cry 3 this has probably been the
best series ever you know I I would say
it was a series I've done several videos
in this game now usually I only do like
one or two videos per game but this has
been one of the best series ever we have
made we have crafted every single thing
in the game we have got every single
weapon we have done pretty much
everything that can can be in Far Cry 3
there are a lot of side missions but
they're really really crap if I'm
totally honest there they're not that
great and we have done some that have
been good but the rest of them are not
that great so yeah this has been Fargo
that I want to thank you guys so much
for joining me in this series it's it's
been absolutely awesome
and yeah if we can hit 10,000 like the
last episode of bar by three and it was
showing me your excitement but far cry 4
that will be amazing but anyway guys I
want to thank you so much for watching
this or this series and I will see you
in the next video mines
she later goes look what the hell was
that
