hello everyone how is the roar doing it
is mash yourself there today we are
gonna be reacting to some day me means
that becomes such a great part of our
society okay and your boy mess yourself
is just doing his job of you know
showing off the best means of the month
okay so I'll leave a like if you want
this series to continue okay because I
love memes this one's a cake this one is
a piece of cake in this it's a piece of
cake okay well we're off to a great
start
okay I look like I've been that day out
nothing you've been knocked out but you
know just don't see okay well oil spill
there actually happen who is this guy
wait did this actually happen uh okay so
that clip was from the no jumper podcast
where this guy called bunk shows up
wasted alright we got to get into this
conversation booth the people this guy
is drunk as hell and I still got the
hiccups so good ok well this guy's crazy
drunk reach for his life I'm gonna get
it I'm gonna get my ladder I'm gonna get
my letter
hey no no I got it ok and now he's
smoking weed it looks like it yeah don't
do drugs and drink kids alright cuz you
look at this guy look at him Adam please
don't talk about where we're serving we
not know you it great you're late
straight straight alright now we don't
talk about me yeah oh yeah alright well
go watch this okay if you want to see
this drunk guys interview okay let me
promises making promises we make an hour
go
okay
that's the saddest thing ever
okay I've still got my Furby Gemma this
Furby okay it was from you know my
tattletale video if you guys haven't
seen that okay poor Furby okay don't
worry I will never crush you ready oh
okay so no a trust test okay why Elmo to
do it to your Soviet Union things okay
so that Union died a long time ago okay
alright man runs and down and then
what's happening if it was just a second
like his head would be chopped off okay
hunky prey
I will see this meme so much okay
there's a mean way I meant to like go
across the the floor where someone's
meant to pull your legs but this one
took a step further by flowing if you
guys don't know how they did this all
right clay two people are lifting him on
either side you know all right you ever
just start shaking on the moving bed
hey Kiki okay there's this trend going
on where people are filming themselves
with this song dancing outside of that
call kind now this guy's not gonna joke
a bit by pretending to do it with a cow
but I think the cow likes the music
though guy on a ladder what is that oh
it's a cat
this cop trying to get away
to get away oh you got it excuse this
place why is the cat going so crazy I'll
write the humans don't wanna hurt you
all right we're not gonna hurt you
we just wanna you know give you back to
your owner and put you in a safer place
why I gotta go crazy stupid cat okay oh
okay so this guy wants to jump this this
gap and he's saying that it's all as him
why he's doing it is he gonna check the
lunch all right here we go one so great
god oh god oh he's not going fast enough
Dave okay he's dead he's dead guys sorry
rest in peace for that guy okay he did
not make that guy but now he is dead
rest in peace guy okay it's uh is that a
fat guy oh no fat guy gone down the
waterslide fat guy go down waterslide Oh
not sure okay that guy's fast shit
that's all I could say really he's just
too fast in and made a big plop I'm
going
that's why the Oh
oh okay this fighter was chased in the
laser but so was the cat ah rip spine
okay okay so we got spider-man oh yeah
oh my god how is this gonna be an
elevator wait oh wait who are you
You Know Who I am I am i do i do your
friendly neighborhood okay
loud noises hahaha okay I've seen that
one before I think that was in a
previous meme video but come on now it's
a classic alright makes me laugh every
time just go and check and see if the
house is safe before I go to bed uh-huh
hey are there any staffers down there
ice-cream-truck honestly
yeah where do people learn to dance all
right it just seems like like loads of
people just automatically know how to
dance you know where are they learning
this shit from okay I'm not the only one
who can't dance nowadays I don't know
what's going on so apparently spider-man
is on a New York subway and doing a
dance what is going on okay
Jesus Christ okay you know what is fine
I'm doing okay I don't run by spider-man
doing this in any of the movies okay can
we not just have a normal trip on our
New York subway okay now is just shaking
my booty in front of me all right okay
okay guy running okay I think it must be
a little bit frozen or something all
right okay okay so if you go to Google
Translate and try translating from Maori
to English the word dog dog 18 times
you'll basically get something quite
interesting excited okay doc you don't
from married English five six okay what
was her scaring dog okay it seems fine
dog eighteen Oh Doomsday Clock is three
minutes at 12:00 we are experiencing
characters and dramatic developments in
the world which indicate that we are
increasingly approaching the end times
and this is that a bug oh that's not
real but it's a bug right or is did this
guy just crack the code to the world
ending oh my goodness what am i doing
and I'm just sitting there watching
memes and the walls gonna end and Jesus
is gonna come back to us okay calm down
the walls probably on an end I'm gonna
go back to watching means open honest
games be in the frame tube
Oh
okay yeah this is what I expect from me
Internet I don't think any meme can top
that one
I was just pure pure pure amazing class
it's our pipe what's that that's kind of
scary Jesus okay look at the Cameron say
goodbye to house uh who was this guy oh
he's got off is that a squirrel oh he's
got a squirrel in his hand what how did
that wall swirl okay
oh no this is a meme Oh know what's
gonna tell me is gonna happen to screw
no no no no no no - please tell me Falls
or something he doesn't die does he no
no Kay I'm pretty sure all right the cat
must have let go of the squirrel all
right the cat's nuts gonna eat the
squirrel I was so sleepy that he just
fell I've seen that name before
oh my god are you okay what happened oh
yeah
all right so it's minecraft he's
following cookies to the nether come in
three pups oh no it's the alien okay
here it is
this dancing alien the prize is alien
now me I'm so bored
Oh Ryan was here Ryan hey guys okay
these guys are in a mole oh this is
gonna go bad is that gonna fall through
oh my god what a bunch of idiots oh my
lord
alright
okay yeah I would be terrified if this
Elias was that my daughter made that
okay who who made this alien alright
anyway guys I think I'm all memed out at
this point if you enjoy the reacting to
meme series alright I've made like so
many videos on it alright so if you want
this series to continue as soon as this
video reaches twenty five thousand likes
I will you know upload another reacting
to memes video
either way though thank you guys so much
for watching I will see you in the next
video man so they're the guys buh-bye
