hello everyone how is everyone doing
today we are back playing some more
dough Sims ball we're back with the
happy family of the master cell sisters
we got Brandon over here looking so
happy he is energized and we got slut
over here sleeping away dreaming about
God knows what she's dreaming about but
but that but that girl is dreaming I
know you guys missed the series I kind
of don't want to let you guys get bored
of this series so I think I'm gonna now
do once one time a week maybe more if
you guys really like the hell out of the
episode but yeah let's be honest though
guys deep down all you missed is my sexy
sexy goddamn sexy beautiful face isn't
that rad
so let's do a little bit of a recap
where we did last episode we got Brandon
and slut to get married are now a
married couple they're so happy they're
happily married what was Brian doing now
he just did a poo oh yeah don't know the
little shit
a grew up and who knew she was a girl I
completely forgot about that I kept
thinking donut was it was a boy but no
donut was a girl so what star not doing
right now donuts at school
so we can't see her but I'll show you in
a second I don't yeah that's pretty much
what what we did last episode I have
created a new floor on my house all
right you ready for this you ready for
this Bam Bam Bam look at this place
Brian oh damn oh oh look at this place
oh it's so fancy so fancy I can't go
into detail with it in a second okay but
it looks like donut and and and baby
slut is coming home from school looking
good
she look kinda looks like a little mini
slut and she look at her face what are
they doing why they marching together
they're both angry for some reason wait
a second I go second this is hilarious I
wonder this is the perfect mood for them
to absolutely hate each other okay let's
call him names
let's insult him let's gather them let's
try to pick a fight what oh look at it
all humble doughnuts but don't as a
bully to slut oh my goodness
hey why sit down what what was that what
was that what the hell was that fight oh
my god okay everyone place that pays
your bed who is gonna win in a fight
between babies blood donor oh here we go
he gums a fight here comes the fight
oh no oh my goodness oh my goodness uh I
think donor on you beat up you'll insist
oh look at the face in the corner she's
dazed beating up on okay so I'm gonna
show you my upstairs flow look at
Brandon he's getting nice and acquainted
with the new flow what's Brandon gonna
do what's Brandon doing Brandon wants to
play blood blood okay so let me let me
introduce you to my new crib okay so
over here we got Donuts root donut
didn't have a room so I crater a nice
room we got a computer here we got mr.
panda over here
hey yo my name is mr. panda we got a
ladybug over here hey yo what's up dawg
I'm a ladybug what else we got we got a
we got a lamp
hey yo what's going on man I'm a lamp
and we got a door house we got the
little tree of teddy bears we got a
giraffe
we got a unicorn and we got a dinosaur
so this is baby sloths room god that's a
beautiful room you know let's Steve God
would huh baby slut what are you doing
no what are you up what is he doing uh
paste ah I thought baby slut was trying
to claim this reframes here his own no
is not his room oh my God look how fat
slut is Oh
so I'll get on that later on but look
how big that is
so yeah over here we got another bedroom
just as a like a guest bedroom and then
we've got another bathroom so I can also
be positive liquor slut you already
getting in the tub look a slut getting
in the tub god damn and over here we got
like a little bit of a lounge area this
is where we can have all the parties
we're gonna go crazy in the parties and
we have a built-in cinema damn damn
we're at the theater darlings we are at
the future
mm-hmm and also secretly we have a
secret area now I changed Brandon's
career to a criminal so he is like some
crime lord he's gonna steal every bitch
slightly still secret agent you know she
stood a double oh seven I'm a badass but
she is a evil secret agent so she said
she's a two-time a little ho but we
already knew that already
like I said she does not know what you
doing oh look at her face it looks like
she's just seen a ghost or something
what the hell are you okay that's like
Whoopi what what's the matter what are
you looking at over there what is there
what are you
shoosh Lee this girl's freaking me out I
swear look at Brandon with his new
outfit look at him god damn so Brannon
is a crime lord now look who's even guys
he's even gonna cut that fedora liquored
up Medora oh yeah look at him he's so
adorable kept our knees feeling fly okay
all right I slut come on you gotta have
the whoohoo
okay so the next thing that we're gonna
do ladies gentlemen is that a lot of you
have seemed to notice how fat slut is
gone and so boy you know just look at
that belly got down look at that belly
slow aah aah get away get away like a
browser even Brannon getting a little
bit of a fatty so today what we're gonna
do is we're gonna get these to fit as
hell man that they disgust me I just
come to the realization I've shown you
slap that brand and have sex in every
single episode and looks like I've
continued the ritual I want to see what
don't I could do don't play with your
dollhouse don't I play with your dolls
ha what are you doing
oh my I told you to play with the dolls
not bloody break it why did you do that
you got down silly girl
why did you do you know expensive misses
okay I think donut is a little bit of an
evil girl okay she's gonna troll the
forums on the computer
oh my god tone hun is so evil donut is
evil donut is the kind of little bugger
to call me a faggot in the comment
section I'm talking to you then the
donut out there watching right now
look at you you goddamn despise me I
despise you look at her she's a people
donut what I had donut I'm beginning to
not like you do not wait what
what's going on oh my god oh my god oh
my god what the camera
hey where you going slut what is she
doing
oh my god oh my god oh my god Brandon
chop Brandon's running away no what
about the buyer what are you doing no
don't on the farm
stop what you guys are doing gunfire oh
my gosh oh my god
opening these dummies I was gonna put
out this fire running come on to the
rescue extinguish the fire brides on a
mission
everything was all kinda second dr.
Steinman
is it going is it going
come on come on come on come on is
everything okay oh my goodness what
happened I don't know what to think
about this I look exactly like Brandon
look at this mini picture oh my goodness
I don't know I don't know what to think
anymore
guys I just don't know everyone seems to
Pat completely normal after that fire
look a house nearly buy down for pete's
sake Joe who thought it was it was god
damn sods full all right slut you can't
cook okay how many times gonna tell you
can't bloody cook okay
don't bother cooking anymore all right
you are banned from the kitchen okay
you hear me go okay so I guess I got to
replace this I've got a replace this I
got a replaced it look how much money
it's costing me all right slut clean up
the floor god damn it what are we gonna
do with you what's happened today is
ever since donut came along things have
gone to shit yes right service would you
get all right think about what you've
done all right you are not to cook any
more food all right I know what the hell
she was cooking for all of a sudden the
god damn it the god damn oven was on
fire water I even know that was possible
I thought she was a good cook okay
Brandon's back from work okay so what
I'm gonna do now
all right we're gonna go over to the gym
and work out there because it i'ma make
any progress okay there's still no
fatties all right look at little Bucky
look at you Brian and yourself you're so
happy wearing a fedora but you still
fight okay ah look at these two they're
working out together how adorable Brad
is like slut no getting too fat okay you
need to work out and sluts like David
ridin you're getting fat - okay I don't
know why my see how much it's got fat
okay I was
making that slut what are you doing I'm
making making them eat normal food and
all of a sudden they go a whole lot of
fat I don't know how to God Pappa the
GAR fat ha slap this is not the time to
flight with Brandon Brandon stop stop
flirting with each other I meant to be
working out come on guys you're getting
fat alright everyone the conversation is
going crazy Brian stop falling over look
at this girl she's fighting for you slut
look at her look out look at the time of
determination on that face she's like
I'm going to beat the shit out of luck
huh who's this guy now watch it we're
coming in the gym now oh my goodness
like you've got competition come on mad
lose that belly okay looks like they've
stopped breaking out and now I'm dancing
Brandon I'm pretty sure you don't go to
the gym to dance what kind of dance is
that it's not what are you doing oh my
god she's doing the cha-cha cha-cha do
the cha-cha hey hey dude Ajanta it's
doing it oh yeah oh yeah I'm right
enough doing the dance I'm doing the
dance oh I missed a lot do it again
please come on brothers do it again go
haha I'm proud of you brother I'm
goddamn proud of you these two are gonna
be fit in no time look at look how much
they're pushing forward alright slut
she's going crazy right and look at
brother's going up and down on the
treadmill go Brandon shut up did you
smoke ha ha ha brother to be done the
dirt break that brad is always doing
slide you don't look different I don't
know why you are strutting your stuff
okay you still are a fat little girl and
now I think she's had enough of the gym
all right but I'm not gonna have the
Beachbody in the first day but I'm sure
it'll happen in about no time okay Brad
I want to see if you've made any
progress okay Oh
broken look uh skinny is it's lost all
of us like oh my goodness Brandon look
at you
you actually look really skinny now
rather than a a muscular but that's cool
look at you he's really sad could you
smell it but look guys brian is no
longer fat but I'm pretty sure that's
not what you cared about I'm pretty sure
you only cared about slut
being fat so we need to work on slut now
all right slut you're on the treadmill
now I don't want you to stop okay until
you have lost all this Ollis bay look at
his belly man look at that belly okay
she ain't getting care coming out of it
until she is lost that belly I'm telling
her now donut I wanted a dog God
doughnut done show me your boobs show me
your boobs go go shake it shake it off
she's doing the same thing laughs Riley
that's the the would you call it the
dolphin I'm doing the dolphin I'm doing
the dolphin oh oh she's got get on good
I go look at I go she's guided she's
ganking like a goddamn father goddamn
I'm so proud of you donut I'm so proud
of you look at you go look at you go
donut I slut what do you take playing
fiblet Rock okay
you met oh my oh my goodness look at
this six but oh my goodness Highness
they're gonna have to split off to see
this slut can you please be oh my
goodness wha what am i dad - slut I've
made her a monster oh my goodness oh I
preferred the fat slut I don't want
another six-pack what have I done
Oh No are you happy guys are you happy I
have made slut lose all of the weight
and now she has a six-pack okay I would
say it's a pretty pretty good episode
but anyway guys I hope you liked this
episode if you did it be sure to hit the
like button down below after eight
thousand I'll post the next episode yeah
if you want me to do anything specific
in sins free since poor let me know in
the comment section down below and I
might do a next episode but anyway what
they got so much watching and I'll see
you
in the next video bye pseudo guys
