barfle 50's woke up the neighbors
interior crocodile alligator
I Drive a Chevrolet movie theater hello
everyone look at this beautiful day
today we are playing some more Far Cry 3
back by the popular demand I love this
game far cry 4 is coming out next month
and I am super duper duper duper duper
duper duper excited look how beautiful
this place is God dile dile nature diam
that's beautiful
let's take a second to just take in
nature
god damn nature so today we're gonna
hunt some more rare animals but look at
this day what what's a beautiful day it
is today
I'm just gonna sit here by the nice
toasty fire nice and toasty oh shit oh
shit hot hot hot hot so what I want to
crop today lays gentleman is an extended
won√≠t but I need a skin of a one horned
buffalo now this wallet can hold a
massive $10,000 yeah I'm gonna be
bowling I'm gonna be bowling I have $11
use a shotgun provided at the designated
location typic per one horn buffalo for
me it seems like I'm doing a lot for
this goddamn taxidermist a but how's
that noise guys I'm scared bullshit
someone scream hello oh shit I died well
okay let's try this shit again where's
that fret is that the friendly car
hello sir could I get oh no that's my
friend that's nobody oh come on I'm just
trying to get to the bloody mission okay
be quiet now everyone be quiet I think I
spotted a one horn buffalo look at it
it's not it's not really a one horn
buffalo the wild buffalo hangs around
with his homies doing buffalo shit like
sniffing each other's asses last time I
recalled the Buffalo goes back oh shit
I thank God okay we're just gonna have
to slowly walk up to the Buffalo and
hope and he'll die easily okay oh you
say that
you say that you say that
mr. lower all 361 why would you let me
quit school that's it ah ha ha
I've had another no shit okay I need
your hives
I need my extended bullet look at this
little brother you're going to die yes
money money money money money money
money
dolla dolla dolla dolla take ching ching
butterfly to go but up they come over
so speaking of money way or about to
hunt one of the rarest and most valuable
and most expensive animal in the game
the rare albino krokodil this little
fucker it's gonna be worth a whole lot
use a machete provided the specified oh
I can't speak today area to kill there
about I being a guide tax of our fry
taxidermist but okay
I don't know what to think about this
cuz I've never actually killed this
thing in Rolla or can I got a minute
oh my God look at this game it's so good
damn beautiful God
okay guys we're gonna be in a lick out
because this where crocodile could be
absolutely anywhere oh my god
it looks like they knew it killed a guy
already guys I'm really scared you know
what let's sing a song to make ourselves
feel better okay bye 415 spoke up the
neighbors in Peru your crocodile
alligator a Chevrolet things the first
time I nearly died from something in a
video game okay
so apparently there's a mission in here
hello everyone has everyone to it I
don't know woman's crying nope I have
that a hit I am out of it I can't deal
with women crying okay all right I'm not
doing that side mission okay guys I'll
see why she was crying hey hey girl you
okay okay yes no wrong I want to go home
I want to go back to Samar but my
husband he'll not let me know since I'm
his property sells me to his friends I
try to run but he's a big shot with the
privateers nobody will help me unless I
pay hey how much do you need you'll help
me what uh no uh no I never said out how
no captain who will take me home on his
boat he wants she was blood toilets
Blood Diamond cow Express a Blood
Diamond sir what I took say I knew I
should talk to this woman she I talked
to over two seconds and she's worth
jewelry for me ah what a beautiful night
it is in Far Cry 3
hello Emily say hello hello she's up up
she's up no no food ooh now food is no
no bad girl okay here we are the blood
diamonds are shitty surrounded by
enemies it surrounded by enemies look at
this god damn it why does this go what
this jewelry of all things okay I have
to take out this guy sneak up on him to
wash oh is it uh forgot that
okay uh buh buh all right ah where did I
come from
okay woman I have us do the jewelry you
I'm now a finally yeah yeah I got the
diamond when do you like it bow but what
by what I thought you were leaving the
aisle but oh you're fucking up oh shit
Oh No shut up I'll deal with you later
oh go fuck you yeah bastard oh shit
what's going on here watch your voice
you're the floor oh this must be a
pudding husband
Oh No oh good eye Hey what are you doing
uh you can't do that you can't just pull
push that woman you can't love come on
now this is not funny this come on now
you can't do nothing like that
oh no what do you do that I like I just
keep that woman okay you can't do that
all right no no don't just leave her
alone
my mother what are you going to this
poor girl well this seems like a pretty
normal happy family I'm just gonna go uh
leave now
yep good luck with the rest your life
woman okay guys I'll savor huh what why
just leave her alone 360 noscope bitches
Oh
okay ladies gentlemen now we are going
to do a little bit of map editor now
I've been messing around with this and
I've been trying to create an epic um
barrel things where I was going to
explode like as many barrels I can and
it's impossible the game just keeps
crashing and crashing crashing so I
quickly made something to sort of make
up for it and surprise its ass thanks
for watching
ahhh eating that's so cute I need but
Sousou though it took me a long time
appreciate me so yeah it says thanks for
watching in barrels in explosive powers
and I am going to detonate it right now
but anyway guys I want to thank you so
much for watching if you want to see
more Far Cry 3 then be sure let me know
in the comment section down below
I might I'm thinking I might do the next
one whose face can if you guys would
like to see that then let me know in the
comment section and if you don't then
also let me know in the comment section
but anyway I'm going to thank you guys
so much for watching I'll see you in the
next video our minds you let it go
oh come on
