oh hello everyone how was everyone doing
it is master selfie today we are gonna
be reacting to Lama arts now if you guys
have never heard of Lama arts it is
basically a YouTube channel dedicated to
telling real-life horror stories now
I've watched a couple of videos from
this dude and the videos are so intense
and so scary and so good okay so I'm
making this video dedicated to Lamas I
want each and every single one of you to
go to his YouTube channel and go over to
the subscribe button and click that
subscribe button ok because I want as
many of you guys subscribe to this guy
alright he's making new content now and
yeah I want him to get more support
because I want to see more videos from
him ok or at the first scary animation
that we're gonna be watching of his is
called night shift stories ok so some
guys on a night shift late at night okay
and then something spooky and scary
happens to him let's find out alright
night shift stories at 7-eleven oh it
was 2 years ago
ok I was called in to do the night shift
10:00 p.m. to 4:00 a.m. at 7-eleven
since somebody called out for ya the
store was located on a busy road in a
rather quiet and rural area oh hell no
during the night shift you could expect
anywhere from 10 to 20 people come in to
buy a beer or something else ok this one
particular night there was this one guy
mid-20s that came in oh no started
making weird noises like loud yelling
noises loud yelling okay that's the kind
of noise sorry I just wanted to make
sure that you guys were watching okay
the guy was making a loud noises okay
let's just continue there was this one
guy mid-twenties that came in
he started making weird noises like loud
yelling noises I assumed he had some
kind of mental disability Oh
in fact my brother has a mental
disability oh so I immediately felt
sympathy for the guy okay he walked up
to the counter without any items with
his head facing me but his eyes were
looking up at the ceiling I felt
uncomfortable yeah we didn't know how to
deal with him yeah what would you do in
that situation okay
yeah I would never want to do a night
shift now scary that is okay being all
alone in a random store in the middle of
nowhere okay yeah yeah not for me okay
I'll stick with making YouTube videos
didn't know how to deal with it I tried
speaking with him but he only responded
in loud noises responded I kept checking
if he was with someone outside but he
was alone oh
there weren't any cars in the parking
lot so I assumed he walked walked in the
minute no he stood there for so long
looking up at the ceiling and making
noises go I tried to get him out by
handing him a bag of chips and telling
him you gonna go go leave me alone I
tried finding some kind of number to
call for someone to help call the police
then out of nowhere called up finally
turned around and walked out of this
store okay I felt so horrible for the
men but at the same time I felt a bit
creeped out yeah I was okay because
something's wrong with him alright he's
probably on drugs or something okay but
yeah I'm just glad that he's gone out of
my shop so is that it about an hour
later the phone on the counter ring
okay I picked up to hear the familiar
yelling sounds I'm the man from earlier
what caught me off-guard I didn't know
what to think
other than this has to be some kind of
prank it's very crazy man who just came
in okay i'ma speak English how the hell
did he find a phone and ring the number
the exact same number of this store okay
am I supposed to believe that dumb shit
happened okay he caught me off guard I
don't know what to think
other than this has to be some kind of
prank it must be a prank right I hung up
on them and was now becoming paranoid of
my surroundings constantly checking the
outside through the windows he come for
a clock oh person working after me came
in for allowing for me to go home it
wasn't my problem anymore yeah good
I'm not late all my stuff on the table
ready to get to sleep yet go to sleep
but my phone rang within a minute after
entering the door well I felt a chill
run down my spine why would someone be
calling at 4 a.m.
don't answer that I could only imagine
it was bad noodle I braced myself and
picked up the phone to hear the man
again I felt sick to my stomach as I
listened to the loud noises he made what
a struggle to slam the phone to the
receiver all night I felt like I was
being watched
even with all the blinds shut with this
guy and I could swear I heard strange
noises coming from all over my house I
refused to get any sleep until the Sun
came up
what weeks passed and I had forgotten
about the incident ok until one day when
going into the basement for the first
time in a while what I found that papers
had been scattered all over the floor
what when I went into the basement
closet I found writing on the walls 711
had been written in sharpie on the wall
along with the address to the 7-eleven I
worked at my house address haha the most
disturbing part
I also found various kitchen knives
along with a large pocketknife sitting
in the closet
what started out as seemingly just an
innocent person turning into something
of a prank he was going to carefully
turned into some
much more here with mercy he had been
living down there for god knows how long
and I'm just grateful that for whatever
reason he changed his mind and left yeah
because I haven't seen or heard from him
since all I can say is that man is
dangerous basement and you would just
like oh okay the police or something
this guy was gonna murder you in your
own home he found where you lived
came to your house who snuck into your
basement I was gonna kill you and you
were like oh uh I guess he's gone now no
way to catch this bloody red guy okay
shit okay that story kind of freaked me
out okay yeah this is why I would never
do a late night shift at some random
store okay yeah yeah not for me okay I
don't want to die okay
I'll just stick with do you know making
YouTube videos or I'm not realize that
animation was kind of scary okay but the
next animation I'm gonna be watching is
called true please a delivery horror
story oh sorry so apparently this is a
true story right now okay let's watch it
baby okay drew piece of delivery horror
story okay oh my goodness I don't wanna
deliver a pizza oh it's gonna deliver at
late at night oh no I was out doing a
delivery one late night oh it was
probably the longest drive I have ever
taken for a pizza delivery shit from the
pizza place I worked at it was a
20-minute drive which isn't too crazy
out where I live oh yes they ordered
four large pies okay I figured it was a
party and I would get a much bigger tip
okay navigating the dirt roads at night
was always annoying though I pulled up
to the given address it was some old
sketchy looking building literally in
the middle of a forest clearing oh hell
no okay yeah that's when I would be gone
okay that is when I would be gone this
way about Americo right
there's so much just like dirt roads and
like out in the sticks okay where I live
you know it's all busy busy all right we
don't get shit like this okay and
there's a reason why I don't live in
this bloody shitty place okay look scary
shit that happens in the in these places
it was some old sketchy looking building
in the middle of a forest clearing there
were no cars parked anywhere or any
lights on okay I put my car in park and
called my boss Oh No if you asked him to
reread the address at least three times
to make sure I typed it in we're gonna
go to the house act out I could tell he
was in a really bitchy mood Oh told me
to at least knock on the door and check
it out oh yeah he would normally get mad
if we took back one pie oh no I was
afraid of what he would do if I brought
back for ya I don't understand places
where you don't pay before okay and
you're gonna pay by cash cuz you know
what if you know it's a prank call you
know you drive all the way there just
for it just for a waste of time you know
it's a waste of money but I was afraid
of what he would do for brought back for
oh no I was insanely unnerved but I
doubt anything's gonna go worst myself
to figure it out what's gonna happen
there was no doorbell so I just knocked
really hard yeah this is a prank call
there's no way someone ordered a pizza I
heard nothing and didn't really expect
to hear anything good I was extremely
disappointed
I would not not has nobody answered the
door but because I was realizing that it
was all waste of time and guests time
and money I knocked one more time I was
desperate Oh God you have to do this for
his job and then began to hear some kind
of rustling noises from inside of the
building what I knocked again and know
that I was the pizza guy the guy silence
now I felt a bit more uncomfortable now
than before Oh God
someone's in the house or I could turn
around I noticed something at the window
there was someone looking through the
window what I couldn't tell if it was a
man or a woman all I know destroyed
their eyes their eyes were open wider
than I knew possible
staring intently at me what hole cause
disturbed enough by this and drop the
pizzas the bed that's my car
chevron wouldn't start until turning the
key for the third time god I drove off
the dress and back onto the dirt road oh
but I felt the car rocking the
out shaking and bumping go go drive
drivin wasn't right I didn't make it far
from the building before I started
hearing a sharp scraping sound coming
from outside what there was so much
resistance that I couldn't even drive
the car came to a stop what did I do
do that I got out of the car to check
what the hell's on he's out a chill ran
up my spine as I began to feel like my
heart was constantly skipping beats what
wall tires had been slashed and had
completely fallen off the rim what not
just the front though all four tires
were slashed oh my god
I realized somebody did this when I was
knocking on the door to that building
instead of running I got back in the car
and locked the doors
so while he was trying to liver the
pizza someone slashed his tires so that
you know they could you know kill him or
something oh my goodness if you realize
that's the kind of shit that was gonna
happen just now I would be I'll be
shitting it okay I'll be shitting bricks
somebody did this when I was knocking on
the door to that building guys so scary
instead of running I got back in the car
and locks the door so near the house I
was so close to that building hope
practically see it from where I was oh
my god for the trees blocking the view
oh my god oh my god 9/11 everything to
the operator yes I'm gonna try to kill
you you told me the cops would be over
as soon as possible and that I need to
stay hidden
Peter I asked her feels advisable to
stay in the car or run run and she told
me it would be best to stay in the car
with the door locked okay so ask me to
stand the line with her until the cops
arrived okay my whole body was not good
all right just wait in all directions
there was nothing but dark seemingly
endless forest oh my gosh I knew we
would take forever for the cops to get
so scary I was not comfortable with
sitting in that car so close to whoever
did this no they're gonna come they're
gonna come - next part though is what uh
Turley destroyed me no it still shakes
me to this day and I hope nobody ever
has to experience this kind of fear as I
was scanning all the windows making sure
nobody was outside I looked in the
rearview mirror
and there was the same person the same
person I saw at that window
I've been wider than ever I could see
now but there was a woman and I could
ever so slightly see a smile begins to
spread across her face I opened my door
and hit once sprinted into the back
there how much noise I made Iran until I
was out of breath which didn't take long
and I hid behind a giant log on the
ground
I tried to cover my loud breathing with
my hands as I waited needed so what felt
like hours Jesus I finally heard silence
in the distance oh my god I heard up all
the stamina I had left to run all the
way back in the dawn eventually the
glowing red and blue lights came into
view and I had never felt better in my
life
okay they were parked in front of my car
let's begin with flashlights yeah I came
out yelling at them like a lunatic help
me help me help me I fell to the floor
and it started to Gig almost throwing up
from running so much they picked me up
and began to question me to which I
explained everything to the best of my
ability they're so scary one of the two
cars drove over to the building and the
two officers began to search the
building where is she
they came back with nothing except for a
couple of spiky objects but these
objects were exactly the same as the
ones used to slash oh the cops guessed
that it was some kind of sick demented
couple being that I saw the woman but
unfortunately they were never found
whoa they'll kills me to this day no way
I obviously quit my job right after that
yeah we're talking in a local grocery
store oh I know that I'll never forget
seeing that woman at the back of my car
yeah I couldn't forget that face okay
Jesus Christ or at the end right what
the hell she's just poking around I see
man that story was too scary man okay
yeah I could never do a job which we
means I have to be out late at night
okay I do not trust random people all
right to you know not do anything scary
to me all right
man I'd be shitting it if I was this guy
okay man what a horrible scary
experience okay
all right the next Lama arts animation
that we're going to be watching is
called
a disturbing true snapchat stories all
right I love the ones where it's true
stories all right because you can
imagine it happening to you all right
which makes its that a little bit more
scarier okay so let's watch it by the
way if you haven't subscribed to this
guy already all right I don't know what
you're doing all right we've already
watched two of his videos and they've
been amazing all right go subscribe
because he's making so much more content
like this all right in the future all
right
disturbing drew snapchat stories as ram2
that's when the scary shit always
happens this happened a week ago
all right up until a few days ago I went
to a small local gym in my now previous
New Jersey town called Black Bear
Fitness okay one day I had the
misfortune of running into some skinny
awkward yet creepy looking kid probably
18 years old all right creepy kid he
didn't look like he belonged in a gym at
all okay I had headphones in and I was
doing my set when I heard him saying
something to me if I had muffled by the
music I was already annoyed with this
kid hinting that he was breaking an
unwritten rule of the gym don't try to
talk to somebody when they're doing
their sex it's true okay yeah oh don't
talk to me about the gym just walk out
all right that's why you're there for
all right it's not funny social thing I
took my time finishing myself and then
took my headphones out to ask if he
needed to what do you want then he
started acting like I looked familiar
but right away I knew this kid was just
trying some pathetic attempt at making
friends
oh I assured him I didn't but the kid
wouldn't stop talking to me I'll caught
yes in the conversation but eventually
he actually asked me for my Instagram
and snapchat stuff and for whatever
reason I gave them to her why instead of
just saying something like buddy I'm
trying to work out where I don't have
social media yes I'm writing a person I
just met or I asked my Instagram all
right all my personal shit I'll be like
go away I don't know you okay I pick my
own friends all right I don't want to
make friends with you you wig wig guy
after I gave him my snapchat and
Instagram whatever
I did kind of urge him to let me resume
my way leave me alone
he finally seemed to get the mess off
the way not without saying bye like
three times though oh god maybe he's
creepy wants to be friend that night I
got a snap on my phone saying from shawl
this guy's creepy
I immediately side inside on I wouldn't
even look at us wondering why the hell
the kid would snap me yeah let's wait I
open a snap and the kid was in a creepy
weird pose face way too close to the
camera with his head resting in his hand
and half smile on the windows guy the
text over the picture was hey with - why
would you why it's okay because that's
important you know I murdered the words
for the record I'm a guy which made this
even more weird yeah okay kind of wait a
guy my thought process was I've had
enough of this loser already yeah I'm
gonna remove him and make it clear I
don't want to talk yes man I just came
again and so I did good move two minutes
after he sent out scat good that's the
end of it right our end of the story
well I'm sure not even a minute later a
minute again the message popped up on my
phone oh saying snapchat from Sean all
he knows he knows you deleted it I
waited a few minutes before he knows it
this one was even creepier oh now the
kid was sitting up on his bed Oh smile
more of a surprised angry expression
with the text over the image said why
did you remove me now I went as far as
to block meaning he couldn't snap me and
yeah good that was that that was that
drew my phone on the desk inside out of
relief okay yeah what a creepy ass guy
alright snap trying you after you just
Matt half an hour later my phone goes
off saying Sean added you as a friend he
made a new one how Sean he actually made
a new oh my god this guy's crazy
I opened the snap and felt my heart drop
oh it was a picture of my front lawn the
text over it answer me bitch wait guys
okay just take the message all right
that I don't wanna be friends with you
why God put hold a personal grudge
against me geez
just leave me alone why come into my
house and don't call me a bitch that's
mean
answer me bitch oh no he called me a
bitch the first thing I could think of
was how did he find maiya drow my
goodness call the police and I realized
snapchat made that new map feature that
lets you see where your friends Oh
somehow I had the balls to open the
window to see outside
that's scary it was clear out there that
is so scary I shut the window and the
blinds and started considering calling 9
yeah no quick no now's the sound of taps
on the window
oh he's gonna come kill you I took a
deep breath whit dog one swift motion I
pulled up the blind and the window at
the same time and pulled the kid into my
room by his neck I punched him in the
face at times before he was out cold
before he was out cool now I called 911
while God by the time they arrived he
was awake all Herzing me out promising
he'd be back and kill me you the cops
heard it all I didn't even have to make
a game cuz the kid was an idiot luckily
the timing of this worked out well
because I just moved a couple days ago
out of state oh okay
the only thing that worries me I don't
want to have to make a new snapchat
account up but anytime somebody new adds
me on the app I'll never know if it's
secretly that Sean again be careful be
careful about the people that you meet
and the people that you let on social
media because they'll find you and track
you okay yeah don't just add friends
with any random people okay that shit's
kind of scary okay man the guy come into
a house who's threatening to kill you
just because you weren't friends with
him on shitty snapchat ways with people
nowadays what the hell's going on
alright the next animations I'm watching
is called school lockdown stories okay
now this is it's currently his most
popular video alright it's about a
horror story that happened in school
alright so well yeah that sounds
terrifying let's watch it
alright school lock
down stories it was a terrible boring
day in calculus only was Friday seventh
period meaning the week was almost over
and Spring Break would finally be upon
us okay so everybody was getting antsy
in their seat hotel so lost Epps golden
have a test that day like a lot of my
friends did with their other teachers
all right so our teacher in the middle
of class just decided to start playing
games with us on sparkle calm sportcoat
he was a very laid-back teacher like
that okay as we were doing some brand
logo quiz on sparkle I remember the
exact moment it happens what happened
right after my friend answered a
question hey I remember the exact answer
to adidas
the Dean's voice came through the
loudspeaker saying he sounded panicked
and frantic as he told all the teachers
this was not a drill in order to go into
lockdown what looked I actually got the
chills
look amazing spots on my arms as our
usually laid-back teacher too seemed
panicked as he ran to turn off the
lights and ushered us to the back corner
of the room
is there a student going crazy sat in
silence for about two minutes and then
the usual buzzing that came from a panel
in the back of the room seized while
indicating that the school must have cut
all the power I cut the power we all
looked at each other
realizing this must be serious serious
well hop what's happening a few more
minutes of waiting later we heard a man
screaming at the top of his lungs coming
down the hallway oh two girls in the
class actually started crying which made
all of us even more so screaming as the
screaming got closer to the classroom
the lunatic sounding man started banging
on the lockers while screaming I'll kill
all of you what was at that moment that
I started to fear for my life oh my gosh
does my teacher shush to us as we all
looked at each other to see our peers
reactions never gone the banging then
moved from the lockers to our classroom
door look
and that's when one of the crying girls
screamed no the banging on the door only
grew worse as the man started screaming
open up two of the girls in the class
were crying out loud now it felt like an
eternity that that man was pounding at
the door but eventually he finally
continued down the hallway screaming
like a mentally insane person until I'd
hear him anymore I'd say ten minutes
later though it felt like half an hour
given the situation the Dean came back
on the loudspeaker explaining the
situation which was surprising for him
to do geez he explained that some
apparently mentally unstable person
entered the building and assaulted the
woman sitting at the front desk causing
her to flee the building screaming and
staff wasn't sure if the man was armed
or not fuck what's the oh my god this
was before the school had cameras or
could afford proper security yeah so the
school was wide open to something like
this oh it happen ages ago his staff had
done a sweep of all the hallways and
classrooms and couldn't find him so the
Dean instructed the teachers to resume
teaching but to keep all the doors
locked to not let any students leave for
any room teaching one of the most
disturbing part however oh is that one
of the janitors working the night shift
yeah found the man sleeping in one of
the storage closets near the back end of
the school according to rumors that were
spread by my peers sticking out of his
pocket was a 44 magnum know the janitor
must have done something stupid to wake
him up for example leaving the closet
door open because by the time a police
officer could arrive on the scene the
man was gone he's gone no entire class
as far as I know to this day has no idea
if this man was ever found but I like to
think that right now he's being given
the proper help that he needs okay I
think was just some crazy crackhead or
something coming into their school
I think that's literally what it is but
yet
man that's kind of scary alright in
school you're met to feel safe you know
so something some shit like that happens
where some random dude you know comes
into your school forcing the school to
cut off that power I'm going to lockdown
or I might score don't even have
anything of like a lockdown or anything
like that okay because nothing ever
happens scary in school but Jesus Christ
that is scary okay all right guys we've
watched a lot of llama arts videos so
far okay so this is why I want you guys
to subscribe to him all right but we're
just gonna watch one last one all right
and this one is called a scary field
trip Horror Story all right someone went
on a field trip at school all right and
yeah all right shit turn bad real quick
let's watch it all right scary field
trip horror stories all right scary
scary all right is the last one
hopefully it's the scariest back in high
school I took a mysteries and mythology
type class or something like that I
don't remember the name of okay okay
yeah whatever I basically just had to do
with real-life mysteries and creepy shit
okay
I was into that kind of stuff all right
all right yes thank you last what kind
of weird with a good friend who I'll
call Ben for this story the teacher do
with real-life mysteries and creepy shit
I was into that kind of stuff I was
taking the class with a good friend who
I'll call Ben for this store he's with
Ben the teacher the class took us on a
field trip to a nearby abandoned village
Jonathan unknown paths advantage whoa
the village was built in the early 1900s
but seems as though it had been quickly
abandoned shortly after it was built why
the bus ride there was about 20 minutes
all of us were glued to the bus windows
as we pulled up some sketchy looking
decrepit road cutting through dense
forest for a field trip that going to up
the road eventually led to a clearing
okay we were there
oh god this is we stepped out onto the
road which had grass growing through the
cracks
oh the grass surrounding was almost
knee-high she then there were the
building no one's been here the tall
archaic brick buildings with a boarded
up windows all gave off such chilling
wah-ha-ha-ha
why was it teacher behind all 20 of us
up counted heads and then began leading
the way okay
the point of this little field trip was
to use the so called skills that we
learned in class to see if we could put
anything together about why the village
may have been abandoned so long some of
the buildings had holes in the walls to
serve his entry ways
there were even holes in the ground next
to some of the bill what's going on
seemingly dug to get into the basements
of some of the buildings wash seemed
creepy do you think people are living
that there was one building though it
stood taller than any of the others uh
just intrigued me the most oh don't go
in while the teacher was leaving the
group towards the vault go in Ben and I
decided to sneak off on her own to look
for anything in when we walked off in
the direction of the tall I think that
going in guys saw a hole in the ground
home it was dug by the back door of the
building which had been sealed off all
in the hole was a ladder which led down
to the concrete floor below up we both
looked at each other and knew we had to
do it guys are these okay I would be
gone over that Peter I'm coming we both
looked at each other and knew we had to
do a brave horse and climb down problems
we do entity okay no way luckily this
was just around the time Apple started
putting flashlights on their phone okay
you had a source of light good it was
creepy down there Oh God there were a
couple of beer bottles one graffiti tag
on the wall and dusty wooden planks
everywhere at bat there was a wooden
stairway which led up to complete are
all windows and doors had been sealed
shut from above got the car I had
already gone as far as to enter the
building so we figured we'd go up the
stairs to pray for bravest guys I went
first on with each step the creepiness
of the hundred year old wood made me
feel as if I was going to fall through
each and every stays this been followed
soon okay oh my lord the building was
very tight oh it seems like there were
many openings going off into different
smaller oh hell no it was so dark in
there you would never even guess it was
daytime hell no hell no hell no and and
I were honestly starting to get creeped
out in there and agreed to go back
outside
yeah go back in but just then there was
a noise in one of the tiny rooms like a
big rock hitting the concrete floor no
oh a normal instinct would be to run but
Ben and I froze locked eyes for a moment
then both tiptoed over to the opening of
the room
oh we shine the lights into the row and
read we ran back down the stairs putting
out the rusty ladder back outside we
caught up to the group out of breath
what if he didn't say anything those who
avoid getting in trouble one of our
classmates asked us what was wrong we
told him we snuck into one of the
buildings jeez and in one of the rooms
when we shined the light into it yeah
would you say we saw three guys standing
maybe ten feet away from the doorway
facing Ben and I in a weird formation as
if they were waiting for us what oh my
god were they actually people when they
hopefully continued following the group
we paid extra attention to the tall
building we entered from the distance
Jesus and before leaving we saw a
person's face at one of the higher level
windows that had not been boarded no
that's creepy we never told the teacher
in fear of getting in trouble
jeez we didn't know what to think were
those just homeless people living in
there yeah with a gang members in hiding
no Ben freaks me out with his theory
whoa
he says they were ghosts of the people
who once lived in the town Oh still the
way the three guys were just hauntingly
standing there so calmly Oh caring at us
the moment we peeked our heads through
that door well I still can't get that
image out of my head
gee I may go back to that village one
day what just to prove Ben's idea wrong
no don't do that
I don't go he's gone back in what no
uh-oh who's this guy he's gone back in
what's happening guys uh guys I was just
wanting to scare you guys okay well that
was very creepy okay but I'm pretty sure
those were just crackers or just
homeless people living in that place
okay it's not gonna be a goddamn ghost
that sounds dumb all right it's just
some like homeless people you know who
are just living in an abandoned village
because it's safe and it's abandoned duh
but I want to know why the place was
abandoned I was hoping that they would
tell us in that story but they didn't
okay I think I'm gonna end the video
there please please please go and
subscribe to larva arts okay he makes
amazing videos and I want to see more
all right and he'll make more videos but
the more support he gets so go and
subscribe to him all right he post like
once a month okay so yeah he needs more
support either way though guys so much
for watching I really enjoyed this guy's
videos all right he makes amazing
amazing content and oh yeah let me know
if you want me to do something similar
like this in the future all right leave
a like by showing me that and yeah I'll
see you in the next video man so they're
the guys buh-bye
