hahahaha hello who everyone watch this
who is this handsome foot on the screen
that's right
that's me how is everyone doing it is
mess yourself hair
show my face in a video what the hell
yeah today we are playing a PT which is
this new Silent Hill game a parent is
being released and I thought I'll throw
my freaks in there because how can i
play a scary game without malkhut damn
sexy face because it is goddamn sexy I
also love people on Twitter and a lot of
people on Facebook if they wanted to see
face cam videos and a lot of them did
say yes but I never asked to YouTube's
so I'm asking here now would you want to
see more face cam videos just let me
know when it comes in down below but
there's no time for talking ladies and
gentlemen because we got to play the pts
the Petey's gone scan it oh my god 7/7 a
studios watch out the gap in the door
it's a separate reality the only me is
me are you sure the only you is you ha
ha ha what the hell oh my god is that
little cockroach huh huh what ah hello
come in would you like a cup of tea sir
it's a cockroach gun cartridge so yeah I
hate scary games I actually hate them I
don't even know why I'm playing it so I
don't want to go with the door screw
that I would go to duck you think I'm
gonna go in the gut okay I'm gonna go in
the door I'm gonna go in the door
oh it's a house oh the dog cousin behind
me the doors are evil guys the dough's a
goddamn evil okay well we got here we
got a picture
uh-huh that's a nice pitch over there
what else we got a lamp I mean a light
oh shit there's a lot of alcohol there I
had a party last night man you should
have came to the party man we were
drinking
we were trashing up the place oh my god
the girl was found shot in the chest
from point-blank range
the mother who was shot in the stomach
was pregnant they said it was like he
was chanting some why you little bin Oh
someone's upstairs guys shut up stupid
radios who use the random anymore
again the hell out of it let me oh good
don't kill me oh no oh okay looks like a
girl
oh my God Jesus Christ what the hell
happened there oh my god didn't even
press a button
I didn't approach the pendant okay calm
down
Brannon wait wasn't just hit did I go in
a circle
whoa it duck whoa guys guys what's going
on
where my picture go let me out oh we
hate this oh no oh god damn that's my
sexy wise god damn how do I put a 60
girl like that mm-hmm
oh yeah that's some good-ass sexiest
bitch right there
hmm I like me some some white girls oh
my god okay okay don't look now all of a
sudden okay where do I go oh right away
oh no no no go away go away go away guys
I don't want to play anymore okay
Brandon chill children
you got this homie Dawg you got this
okay just just walk past the doll you
don't have to open it you don't have to
open up don't pop out don't pop out test
right that's why our fault bitch soif oh
I've built up enough courage to open the
door don't scare me luck don't scream
Babel oh Jesus don't scare me now don't
scare me now oh no oh shit that door
open did it oh shit okay
can I still not leave okay I guess I'm
not leaving Oh baby Lord Oh baby Lord oh
baby Lord Jesus baby Lord Jesus please
dog it's all good baby
I would scared on our skin baby guys
skip I scared eyes what's that noise was
annoys hello a roll oh that's the
cockroach cockroach hate a cockroach get
to hang out of him out I I've done I've
done I've done I've done get the hell
out of here
stop screaming I should be the one
that's crying he's got damn hooligan get
out of here man let me out I don't want
to play this game is no fun I want to
play the funny game it's no fun
by the way do you like my DOS t-shirt
such such scary met many Wow stop crying
you stupid woman I'll care about your
goddamned pregnant baby don't hurt me
now huh oh it's just my foot can I see
my feet oh no I lost my feet okay let's
go for the door okay it's my man
shit shit shit shit shit oh my god I'm
sweating like a goddamn piggy so I'm
gonna pop out it's all good baby
what do i do what do i do what do i do I
do
weigh my head I don't want to do this so
I don't go through that
did you see that guys the door opens
we've been going through the same door
for the past five minutes and now the
other door open
holy shit cockroaches ah I know okay Tim
hey Tim I understand you lost your baby
I understand
hello hello what do you want evil baby
I'll kill you open this door right now
sounds like a car now I don't speak
kitty cat wow I wanna get the hell outta
here
Wow how do I put this no no no no no no
no no what the house huh what the hell
was that what was that what was that
what was that what was that oh hell no
there was some ugly-ass kid right there
huh huh oh shit I can't calm down
okay it's fine okay this doors open now
is that it game over you scared me
game over right you scared me okay it's
fine it's fine it's good it's good bad
so good you know the game still going I
was ready to be done by now but but but
it is still going so some chew she's
laughing right
hey baby I don't know you can't do da I
was gonna come to what you cut I don't
want to go cockroaches everywhere get
out of here no peace huh making me scare
games suck I hate scary games
they're the worst I don't play them I
prefer to funny ones why is it a girl
got a clown mask going and doing the
happy dance MA White's good all be scary
okay um yeah why can't everyone be happy
life is happy guys why would you be sad
Slav no be sad not happy happy happy
happy are so happy because I'm happy
because I'm happy
walk around if you feel like happiness
is the truth
what's up what's up I don't go in Tampa
okay I'm gonna go in there cockroaches
don't be behind me mad cockroaches can I
take a poopy with the house no man
wasn't your baby
shut the hell up
cockroaches wrap d'Isere cockroaches a
spell um okay it's our ass chill no
chill man I'm gonna go okay school oh my
god what by who
Buju who said that but who said that is
that frog oh no someone's behind me I
can feel it I can feel it in my bum what
I could hear footsteps
go away I'm not going that door anymore
what
No
the family was gathered at home on
Sunday afternoon don't touch that dial
now we're just getting started
retrieve the rifle and shot his wife
son came to commotion father I just stop
talking now it's gone so scary like the
word sword like a source - god help me
please what is that even mean ok yeah
shit baby
you look sexy tonight wow I don't know
what to say
mother but yeah anyway guys if you want
to see me try out more stuff I'll be
happy to with my face you know I don't
think I'm gonna do all my video space
cam I think I'll just do something I'll
just pop in and out sometimes so anyway
guys I want to tell you a couple of
stuff before I end the video I am going
to start to be streaming on twitch TV so
if you do have an account there or if
you haven't got an account there you
should go on make an account and follow
me on twitch TV forward slash mess
yourself spell exactly how my youtube
and yeah I'll be playing a lot of games
on there and you guys can talk to me and
follow me there definitely hit that
follow button me on there because it's
absolutely free and we can be Bloods and
friends we could be best friends over on
Twitch so anyway that's pretty much what
I want to say will affect you guys so
much I know this videos a bit different
but tell me if you like or not you know
I got to try new things I can't keep
doing the same old content say forever
otherwise you're like you're scared
boring now you know so anyway guys I
want to thank you guys so much for
stayed this bar and I will see you next
time I love you guys bye hi
you
