boy you in a world of trouble now what
the hell'd you think was a good idea to
know those goddamn people what's wrong
with you man
all right guys are I dead man walking
here dead man walkin out of the way
that's it man
I'm gonna take you to the colonel he's
gonna sell chair he's gonna salt your
ass out colonel
all right you stay here okay I need to
go to introduce video all right you
listen to me yes think of me you've got
time for you god damn positive Javanese
officers you killed yesterday huh you
know police officers you killed you've
got that bosses you're calling away for
a long last time huh hello everyone how
is everybody goddamn - is miss yourself
yeah went back to GTA 4 I thought you
know what I'll play GTA for a long time
there's not that much new stuff going on
in GTA 5 at the moment so I thought I
would go back to GTA 4 because I am
super excited for GTA 5 on PC it's gonna
be absolutely awesome when GTA 5 comes
out PC there's gonna be so much stuff to
do like for example there'll be a video
editor so I can make more movies there's
gonna be better graphics and of course
there's gonna be a whole lot of modding
like we're doing in GTA 4 today today we
are doing the police mod for GTA 4 I am
gonna teach you guys everything you need
to know about being a policeman in
Liberty City so let me introduce you to
everyone
firstly meet my partner Alan Alan is a
stone-cold killer man one of the best
police officers out there that that's a
lie Alan as Alan is actually quite
stupid I wonder what will happen if I
stick my finger up my bum now over here
we got my boy g'quan Hey
Daquan a merry one buy some wheat Daquan
we're police officers I can't buy weed
off you oh she yeah my bad
remember though my mixtape drops this
Monday okay no one gives a fuck about
your mixtape - Quan
so that's everyone we are now ready to
go out and fight some crimes but first I
have some unfinished business
all right you bastard who do you work
for huh no talking huh looks like I'm
out to take out a baseball bat huh
you wanna hit you with this you want
eyelid to hit you with this talk you
bastard I think we've killed him I don't
oh no he's fine he's fine so anyway so
you motherfucker
who do you work for huh who do you work
for you bastard Tommy right now okay
he's definitely dead now Allen you saw
nothing okay yep definitely dead so it
is now time to introduce to you guys my
police vehicle
alright Allen here's the plan we cruise
around in our sexy ass vehicle and we
wait for a crime okay okay oh sorry I
don't mean to punch you that there's a
robbery taking place let's catch those
bastards okay they should be right up
here do you see the melon do you see
them
oh my god there they are they trying to
get away in that vehicle come on get a
girl over the Brandon stop right there
you please stop right there okay one rub
it down come on Alan you're gonna get
the rest of the melon your time go
they're getting away
they can take away not on my bloody
watch take that okay one rub it down to
left to go come on
there we are busier stop right there you
bastard stop right there oh shit I think
they're stuck yeah I think they stuck
Alan holy shit they're wizards gotcha
bitch nice guy twenty God where'd he go
Alan do you see she said I'm a good
there is oh my god
whoa good job Alan good job
holy shit he's a joke what he's
definitely dead
whoa Alan you saved my life back there
man
you saved my god to have nice listen
Alan I don't think I told this enough
but you're the best goddamn partner I
could ask for man
we spent every goddamn day together and
I couldn't imagine what it would be like
if you weren't by my side what I'm
trying to say Ellen is that get back to
work you useless bastard those criminals
aren't gonna catch themselves come on
okay Alan now is the time I think you
are ready you are ready to find out what
it truly means to be a police officer
without this task
there will be no god damn policeman out
there now I know you could be kind of
stupid sometimes but I have all the
faith in the world of you
you can do this Alan I know you can huh
Alan how'd you get up there cop down
here right now
you're a fucking idiot
Alan you know that as every policeman
knows we will now do the most important
task for any caught out there are you
ready to know what this
now hey little baby here we are we're at
the cluckin Bell home of the best
chicken in the whole deliberation mm-hm
I can't wait for me to eat some chicken
but first let me see what's on the menu
we got we got the clucking huge I have
we got the ring piece mega meal
we got the balls and rings and sweetness
we got the farmer surprise what should I
order you know what miss give me one
whole chicken please one whole chicken
oh sorry window has no more chicken you
ran out of chicken see you're trying to
tell me clucking Bell has run out of
chicken see that is exactly what I'm
trying to say officer all right that's
it you should not put your hands up it's
the goddamn police up in here push Joe
carder hands up you think it's funny
denying a black officer with the lead
for chicken you know what you know what
girl I'm gonna give you a citation all
right I'm gonna give you a citation for
$100 mother mother mother mother you
know what I'm just gonna arrest you if
you can't do the time then don't do the
goddamn crap think it can come lady
think again before you stop giving and
serving chicken all right I need my
goddamn chicken all right all right I'm
gonna take you to the police vehicle now
oh my god why you spastic out that's it
you're going down for drug abuse as well
that's it young lady get in the car get
in the car right now I can't believe you
do this think again all right you better
think again
they're gonna go up you're gonna get
locked up for a long long time all right
all right get in get get get it get in -
get in the car get in the car there you
go there you go see was that hard you
goddamn stupid girl what's wrong with
you man students to go where's Allen
gone Allen get in Allen hey where you
going hey boys the car get on there stop
you thought right now you stupid girl
she's getting away and he's back up
hello Eddie back up
get up back up III think I'm the best
police officer in the whole entire world
oh my gosh
Alan did you hear that shots fired
oh my god this could be dangerous Alan
watch out watch out we gotta be very
sneaky okay
these goddamn people criminals they
could be got them anywhere okay keep an
eye out man
they could be anywhere fuck
what do they do to you Alan doesn't get
up get all that I love can you hear me
Alan can you hear me wake up please wake
up you could have criminals I hate all
of you
why did you do this town Island wake up
please for the love of God die
ha ha ha where'd you go
Alan Alan Alan Alan I thought I lost you
there hello Jesus Christ you've been in
hospital for like six weeks holy shit
man don't scare me like that ever again
okay Jesus I missed you man I missed you
now Alan are you sure you want to get
back to work I mean he just came out of
hospital I mean are you all right are
you all right are you all right yeah
you're fine you didn't die or anything
so let's go so Alan since you've been in
hospital I got you a little present
yeah that's right you got in your hands
it's a Taser yeah excuse me miss police
orders I need to try this taser out on
you miss this oh she's dead hey why this
guy running hey stop right there stop
right there you bastard oh it's
definitely not the gta5 stunt gun but
it's sort of alright I'll let you hurt
him there's criminals resisting arrest
this could be dangerous so what's out
there is the absolute bastard LCPD
please stop your vehicle officer Brandon
and officer Alan I repeat please vacate
your vehicle fuck he's not listening
please stop now I will have to use force
stop the car I repeat stop the goddamn
car fuck oh shit
oh shit quick ah no no no back get back
in the vehicle quick all right we could
not do a ballad he's just up this road
come on will you get it with oh my God
look how many goddamn police officers
there are come on Jesus Christ what the
hell's going on
oh my baby good night makeup they put on
the car I repeat suspect is now advert
so they don't stop like that
stop right there sir stop right there
you are under arrest sir can you please
enter my police car Thank You Allen
we did it we finally caught a first
criminal I'm so proud of you man you did
good
Allen you did good guys I I've arrested
him guys
fuck off he's the second guy Allen just
up here yeah yeah there is like you see
him I can see him oh wait
looks like I've already rested him I'm
good job guys you sir just like your
little buddy are under arrest
yeah yeah oh shit we've got another
wizard there you go sir there you go
please calm down
there's no more need for teleporting
okay you I've got you cornered okay I
got you come on
okay stop now for some reason he's
changed appearance please stop what
where are you running off to
we finally got some cuffs on this guy
get in the car like a good criminal of
there we go
we did it Allen we arrested them yay we
did it I'm so proud of you man ah here
we are we're at the guard police station
oh yeah
take him away colonel take him away
you're going to a bad place boy going to
a bad place
well guys that was the police mod on GTA
4 very very cool mod I suggest you check
out I want to keep doing some more mas
videos GTA 4 is fucking awesome it's
just making me so much more excited for
GTA 5 on PC but anyway guys if you want
to see more GT
then let me know in the comment section
down below and now read them and also
give it a thumbs up so I know yeah and I
guess I've got nothing else to say so
I'll see you in the next goddamn video
man
I'll see you later guys I love you
