hello everyone is smash yourself a hell
is everybody god damn to it and make
another video on Sniper Elite 3 just
like I said but I have a special guest
wait exactly the same I know you got
like a different haircut enough let's go
dad
listen up you know what you know what
Uncle Tom yes uncle Thomas
not Lisa Uncle Tom is trapped in this
watchtower ok or this fort okay and we
need to go rescue him or I do you
understand me okay Uncle Tom this is our
friend it's not a bastard dad we have
two options okay we can either go in
stealth alright I without being spot or
we can go in guns blazing okay alright
would want to do I'd say we attempt
stealth great of the game will do step
one - as long as we can
alright so should we go to the left
first okay wait I go right you're
leaving me again this is just like when
I was 12 years old who are you again
alright listen the cup against the sky
alright we have a science alright you go
you go and I'll cover you alright I'm
covering you goodbye
that's what Philip okay that was easy
okay I was gonna come up with some
really huge plan but you just show them
in the face okay all right take out that
guy's face your house cool I'm dying I'm
going to die it's fine I got you okay
okay oh no I'm dead again run that way
you know shoot should we start okay hang
in there peeps we will be back okay yeah
I think we can both agree that that was
your fault
all right commerce wait we have to go to
the far left okay do you understand me -
yes okay all right I'm taking them out
cover me yeah I stabbed you in the car
damn face lie down lay down okay we're
gonna go we're gonna go nice and slow
all right and not fail this time three
guys have spoiled now there's there's
too near the campfire singing their
campfire song gather round
all right I think you need to take out
the guy as soon as he what was that
dynamite
what was that no we're not using
dynamite all right take out the sky on
the Left useless okay all right all
right guys you had one job Brad there's
a guy in the watchtower and Watchtower
yeah there is a suit all right I'm gonna
check out the guy in the watchtower no
no I'm still fighting people
you're the worst night ever dad I need
my glasses all right so what is the best
way to do this okay let's take out the
first guy and then I'll take up the guy
on the right and you take the guy on the
Left okay okay Oh gillip slang emoji mo
g sniper elite 3 emoji oh no no no I'm
trying to think of that what's that
sneaking some guys dad dad I gather
there
yeah that is the speaking I think we can
actually go through this area
I think hey okay is being captured
somewhere in here okay we need to go
find him okay all this conflict
- well what do you mean my fans are here
oh is that good you go I'll leave you
for two seconds
this game is called sniper Li and we
have new shot one sniper bullet issue it
sure just because grind out any suddenly
if we son what if I die you're a job
okay okay that happened
oh there's a guy right there oh shit
could you take him for me please lie
down lie down lie down on shooter never
okay okay okay
once I saw okay two people saw us three
people saw we are going to die no some
saying that I'm not gonna let you screw
it up give it up okay
just kill everyone I'm freakin Beeson
and feasting I'm glad you are alright
guys
oh my god Tom it's so great to see you
is my money that's Hitler no that's my
Hitler Hitler wait where have you gone
where have you gone all right what's the
objective here search the commanding
officer okay that how do we do that okay
there's a marker right there all right
you see it okay Oh oh my god what
happened
I missed okay let me just kill this guy
one sec come on yes come on
oh shit shit no no no no I don't nicely
I keep hearing noises where is that guy
Oh will you write a second how did you
die I don't know did someone or
something I don't know oh wait oh that's
the guy
wait okay there you are oh thanks that
chef Kaysen you found him okay quick
search him he has dad all right come on
we've got the keys to free Uncle Tom
let's go we were gone for two seconds
someone from boys tampons wait I think
he's upstairs actually oh yeah very is
hello uncle he's a bastard
Harry is aren't you happy that we saved
your brother no I want to shoot okay now
I don't know what's the deal in the
courtyard clear or enemy start we're so
gonna do that cutscene the hose Uncle
Tom I don't know what she's probably oh
my god okay
we need to protect on good Tom while he
leaves okay kill every single fucking at
you see why don't you although there I
can't see anyone
useless there's no one ever and Anessa
car huh move your ass on my face I see
them I see them I tagged you shoot I
tagged you shoot okey okey okey my all
race you hard to do anything I am high
collection levels cuz I'm out oh oh
those are they coming the trucks I think
I'll come in your truck this is not
Brokeback Mountain come on Tom the exes
right there just run free you bastard
it's grandad dog did you get him you
kill him
or did I came either way we got him yay
go Uncle Tom then he just get shot in
the back after all that god Bless You
Uncle Tom cheers for it oh boy you're
peeling yeah 1805 kids oh you're right
before you
yeah just ranked up yeah anyway I think
that's enough stop really three for me
today
awesome I love that how was that shield
as fun was right anyway guys I'm a I'm a
let things go here if we'll check out
Brad he's in the description right down
below
he's absolutely awesome Andy that's
really fun but anyway I want to thank
guys so much for watching and I'll see
you next time so bye Brad boy goodbye
