hello everyone how is the board doing in
this mess yourself there today we are
back with WWE 2k
now if you guys haven't watched my
previous WWE video basically in that
video I said that someone created me
mess yourself in the community creations
part now the thing is about the
community crisis there's so many great
creations and a lot of people have
created other youtubers in this
creations thing so what we're going to
be doing today ladies gentleman is we
are going to be doing a tour de menthe
and this tournament is full through
YouTube championship belt baby we are
gonna make the match a lost man standing
match basically that means the last man
standing wins the game now for this
tournament I'm gonna put eight youtubers
in okay and basically we're gonna see
who's gonna win the championship belt to
the first match is gonna be me mess
yourself and mess yourself is gonna be
taking on the biggest youtuber in the
whole of YouTube now as for the second
match we've got Jack septum and
jacksepticeye is gonna be playing
against a huge massive youtuber
vanossgaming baby now for our third
match ladies and gentlemen we have
rights come baby
okay rice crumbs a youtuber okay I don't
actually know what he does but he's
famous for some reason I don't know why
wife scum is going to be fighting
against low good poor baby
and now for our final match we are gonna
have the epic baby anybody want to make
a diss track about me
asi is going to be facing off Jay Paul
baby every day bro I'm gonna play
whistling oh yeah every day bow yeah
alright ladies and gentlemen the YouTube
Championship matches have been finalized
okay right now leave a comment who do
you thinks gonna win every fight and
who's going to win the championship
let's get ready to rumble
except we're not doing a Royal Rumble I
can let's just start alright the match
is starting who's gonna be the first
opponent who's gonna be the first match
on the door come on man we gotta go
listen
oh yeah I'm gonna kill him I'm gonna
kill every single one of them I need
four forty guards just to protect me
because I'm gonna kill him all my
brothers took me I watched everything
escorted by security whoa there I am
baby I was born in England okay
all right ladies Germans there I am okay
so I am playing against a PewDiePie okay
I'm gonna be controlling me throughout
this game obviously okay because I want
to win the bloody championship belt
okay guys I'm ready let's see stupid
PewDiePie's entrance he's coming now any
second
is this oh oh it's it's PewDiePie well
there he is okay he's got he's got a
duck on it honest okay Wow oh okay he's
just dabbing okay well okay I'm just
glad to see that shit okay what an intro
they just really buy it with a with a
with a crown and the duck the NIA of
what why okay P if I or I stopped sure
enough now alright come on just by me oh
no that's rad bro I'm great at fighting
this let me go sweetie pie please I'm
sorry I know you're a bear YouTube with
the maple please and down goes okay this
is not going well oh not today PewDiePie
oh no let's go check it back no all
right come on now if I lose the
PewDiePie o'er and the first match I'll
never let it down well what look down
it's just like a boxing match whoo okay
go up at five okay guys bar later that's
brilliant speed bars gonna die okay guys
I've got my signature move I can do it
wait what's this oh okay I just teleport
I don't see that Oh or something
wait oh man this is my signature move
just make kicking in remember you having
a YouTube channel okay okay ruining our
game just go away
all right what's my other signature move
can I do it here we go was it was it
please this could be the end of you by
now
gross help me
but stay down your piece of shit
oh no what's happening he's gone all
right time for my finish up be time for
my finish up okay
even though parents from yeah that's
what I'm talking about that's right a
kick beautify when he was down no no
please bro and then Bressler came for
some reason but I still you know managed
to you know kill him well mess yourself
will has won the first game against PD
PI let us see the results from the other
games all right guys I don't have time
to watch every single one of these
matches because then this video will
just be too long so I'm gonna simulate
them so between jacksepticeye vanoss
who's gonna win who's gonna win three
septic I beat vanossgaming alright next
stop is rice gun versus low good Paul
who do you thinks gonna win we're gonna
find out in three two Oh Logan Paul beat
up Bryce come I mean I can't say I'm
surprised
I mean rice come with some skinny guy
and Logan poor you know it's pretty big
okay ksi versus Jake Paul who do you
thinks gonna win okay
as I beat Jake Paul alright guys so we
have our semi-finalists it is me versus
jacksepticeye and Logan Paul vs. KS I
okay there's my intro game all right we
see my intro ready so we we don't see
again
I wish man and I love to dance okay well
there's jacksepticeye I'm gonna lie it
kind of does look pretty similar to him
or I've had enough so I'm breaking out
I'm breaking out except the guy dancing
fireworks okay how come I never get that
shit okay I wouldn't be a big youtuber
like jetsam the guy's never gonna win
this game I'm gonna be the move there
yeah yeah all right bad move okay all
right now he's just playing my arms okay
come on Jack that's my fucking arm
clothesline bitch signature move
oh okay okay sure give me oh no it's got
me the submission I'm doing again here
we go baby
me I'm I'm better than jacksepticeye oh
yeah all right charge finish the baby
it's time it's time for do you think
people will get upset the fact that I'm
fighting other youtubers that they're
probably prefer to me yeah I never
really won scared out to be honest on a
wild start caring now oh yeah why is he
dancing in the middle of our fight oh no
he's having a comeback moment I'm gonna
get to bed
stay down you piece of shit oh look at
this
Jesus Christ look at me I'm blood I am
bloody a fancy I want to hit the referee
you let me I'm afraid he's talking other
way oh okay now I'm Way more interested
in trying to hit the referee oh my god
moment no way
what am i doing what am i doing Oh am I
going to spin it okay that cause ha all
right I just swing them around all right
it might just make it dizzy but it can't
hurt him oh god I'm sorry
okay well freeze down I probably should
not okay I need to be careful because
jacksepticeye's not asking me to move I
am done with you jack okay oh my god
surely that's going to be it surely Jack
could not stand any longer WWE
surprise okay look how strong their
selves is and look a shitty
jacksepticeye okay all right great match
okay so master cell wins the second
match he progresses straight to the
final but the question is who is going
to be in the final also all right the
semi-final is on Logan Paul versus ksi
quickly
Budi things gonna win or we're gonna
find out oh okay yes I beat Logan Paul
there you go Laser Minea all right you
don't have to watch that boxing match
okay you can figure out or I didn't have
to wait all this long okay I saw is
gonna win it is time ladies and
gentleman for the grand finale for the
YouTube Championship mess yourself
versus K s I
alright the grand final in Baghdad Iraq
know you'll find that we can sighs all
right now god damn it I'm coming I'm
coming okay god damn ksi okay making me
fight him in the grab that final things
he can beat me up how I would see my
shitty inch are too many times before
all right trying for KS eyes intro what
could it be
oh oh oh god okay well this is it Oh
Arius I mean it kind of does look like
him where the outfit this does look like
an outfit I think I've seen them in
before so under the case I think it is
bzees big shit okay I'll beat them up
okay I swear okay I'm a boxer now yeah
I'm gonna beat up reddit alright guys
it's the grand finale okay here we go
mess yourself versus KS oh and it's for
the YouTube Championship it doesn't look
like anything because it's a custom belt
there it is okay alright that look okay
well that's not how it's meant to look
but I mean it looks cooler in person
trust me guys all right here we go me
bus's care site all right so I'm pretty
good in terms of our health care sites
arms in his head is hurting a little bit
so I think I could beat em alright all I
gotta do is just concentrate I didn't
know you could exit the ring I kind of
want to see what happens guys all right
case is already down come on now and the
game just started
I think K sighs out guys okay now he's
up no no it's okay
okay wait okay sorry I thought you'd
give me a bad fire than they stopped
chillin on the floor you shit go back in
bed no I want to see what's over here
what is over here it's just more
audience what's the point in this way I
can go over here wait well I'll be going
seperate for me man okay I'm sorry there
you go okay sighs having to come back
out hit me my willy oh no oh no where's
he taking me now okay moving into the
backstage wait wait go back stitch a
second how do do that oh my god hey I'll
see you in the backstage man oh my
goodness we're going in there's a
backstage no there's the Raval my
goodness the fights continuing its
robbed on the table yeah can I kill him
on the table no okay I guess I can okay
I don't want to fight in the backstage
okay I want to do this in the arena okay
so let's go back to the arena oh I'm
going back I'm going back oh hey okay
let's go I love these little animations
and they're so cool that they weren't in
the last games I don't think oh my
goodness we're back to fire let's go
oh no I'm down for the count no okay I
got her - all right okay sighs and we've
been handing me that much so far we've
what the commentator tables over here
now what the hell I can clear it wait
whoa oh my goodness I'm clearing the
table no way it's just how I'm gonna
finish it get these lawyers out of here
okay I want to throw carrots out to the
table here we go oh my god sorry can't
sighs it's too late it's too late he
might through the table can you believe
that ladies and gentlemen okay guys is
on for town do you think this could be
it do you think this could be
Oh oh my goodness how amazing Oh Oh
sighs one each of competition today you
kind of expected a I'm not online I hope
you guys did enjoy this as a video idea
I could make a part two because there is
a bunch more youtubers that are in the
creations okay
so leave a comment on which youtuber you
want me to fire in maybe a part two if
this video reaches 20,000 likes that's
20,000 likes I'll make a part two okay
that is the final table and final result
slays German thank you guys so much for
watching and I'll see you in the next
video but bye
