oh hello everyone my name is mesh
yourself and today we are playing the
first-ever PlayStation 4 game on this
channel infamous second son yeah
Jager look at Elsa look at Elton oh yeah
yeah look at him go yeah Oh put it down
put it down there's like old Dells and
calm down put it down okay okay let's
calm things down a bit if you guys have
never heard of what infamous is you're
probably thinking Michelle I don't know
whenever mrs. can you please explain to
me yes I will little Timmy yes I will
it's a game where you play as a super
hero for a super villain it's up to you
it's really cool at the moment I'm
playing as a super hero and you have so
many goddamn superhero powers it is
absolutely awesome at the moment I'm
using my fire power and I do have other
powers don't worry and I'll show it to
you actually right now but err
there's no point me just showing it to
you I thought let's show it to you in a
montage
the plate
fell into a
yeah how awesome was that ladies and
gentlemen how awesome was that that was
the coolest montage I ever seen I should
be playing call of duty man's and now
I'm going to show you my next power and
this power is a video power jeez
electronics ye doggy we're gonna exalt
hours after video electric savings Colm
agrees okay now like I said before
there's no point me just showing you
this power go away you stupid enemies
there's no point me showing you this
power guys we're gonna show you through
another montage
yeah
this boys cuz it
oh god damn man that was a beautiful
montage don't lie man that would the bad
montage - ever seen don't lie to me
don't lie to me this the best multi
driver so if you guys didn't see I have
wings yeah look at me man I've got wings
you can basically fly anywhere we're not
really fly it's more like gliding yeah
I'm like a freaking angel wait hang on a
second
did I just say angel I'm loving angels
instead and through it ah
she offers me protection a lot of love
in fiction weather have had a row down
the waterfall wherever it may take me I
know that laugh will break me when I
can't become she won't forsake me I'm
loving angels instead
yeah um so anyway got a little bit
distracted so with this power you can
basically the standard stuff you can
shoot you got this little sort ability
wow that that one's the best and he also
can turn invisible and summon his angel
friend look at him look my angel friend
I called my angel friend Barry he's
there to protect me what does an angel
sound like ah ah ah the Angels
constantly scream oh wow hey Barry Barry
calm down righteous Barry calm down okay
he's gone so I probably broke all of
your headphones so now let me show you
my next power it is the nyan power fresh
coffee fresh copper coverage is anyone
want a nice cup of fresh coffee I know I
do
so if you guys haven't realized already
- basically get your new powers you
basically drained whatever the thing is
so I just drained this neon atom this
neon sign and look at me I'm like some
god damn light strobe fucking hell look
like I'm going to a rave or some shit so
obviously we've done two montages and
now is my opportunity to show you the
next neon montage
Wow
you can't control
come on
always wanted taken to the
we can sleep
if you don't change this
Wow that was awesome man
that was awesome god dammit that was so
goddamn awesome oh no I had this guy
sorry guy
you're right look at him oh yeah before
I forget
there is a fourth power but I'm not
going to do a montage for it because uh
quite frankly I'm kind of sick of doing
montages it's a concrete power what the
hell is this guy doing man
get out of here nothing to see here get
out of it so yeah you can do the
standard concrete stuff like head guard
their flock yeah yeah I keep nearly
hitting these civilians oh my god what
the hell are they doing what why the
hell are they crowding around they're so
interested oh my lord what the hell
having this man god damn what happen
this man I don't know
I know hobbies man ha ha god dammit god
the cow crap oh no oh no I killed them
oh no run feel me so yeah that's
basically the concrete power I don't
really know that much of it so yeah it's
pretty much all I want to show you about
my powers uh looks like we've got a
little bit of time left so we're gonna
go do a side mission secret agent
mission a DUP agent is blending in with
the crowd
use their picture to find and defeat
them okay whoa whoa whoa whoa looks like
we got a badass over here what the hell
is that noise I swear to god what's
going on oh my god ha ha ha what are we
doing what are they doing to hub poor
guy let's just kick it him ha ha why
they do haha oh shit uh guys what the
hell I care looks like I gotta save them
looks like gotta save them what the hell
man you fucking weird you USA what the
hell the secret agent is escaping what
the hell
where'd he go oh no I see anyways
wait hang on second is that is that I'm
over there yeah that's him over there
I'm gonna get you man oh no this is
gonna be epic this is gonna be so epic
I'm gonna get you man I'm gonna getcha
and you're dead
yep didn't really do a good job bear did
you I you secret agent huh huh you know
really good job up there good job yeah
anyway guys that's pretty much all I
wanted to show you I don't want this
video to drag on too long but yeah that
is in from a second son a awesome
awesome awesome game which if you have a
ps4 then definitely go out and buy it
because uh to be Auto Leone's it's
totally worth it that I bought a ps4
just play this game it's pretty awesome
anyway oh and thank you guys so much for
watching and I will see you in a goddamn
next video but I know
