oh shit oh shit ow whoa
hello everybody my name is Marcel
obviously and today we are playing
probably the most beautiful game I have
ever played on this channel far cry 3
wait a second what the hell's this guy
won hello yeah I know no threats want to
say hi you want to ruin my intro game
you little piece of shit okay oh it's
okay is it it's okay it's okay
I live bitch so anyway this game Far Cry
it's absolutely bloody amazing it is
absolutely beautiful look at this game
look if I'm gonna if you haven't played
already I recommend you do it's
absolutely amazing the reason I haven't
played it yet it's because I refuse to
play this game on a console at the
moment I'm playing on my computer and it
looks absolutely beautiful look at it it
looks absolutely goddamn beautiful
goddamn nature you beautiful well we're
not gonna get anywhere if we keep on
talking so let's start doing some crazy
shit okay now where do I start
okay I've got a pretty good idea where I
want to start we're gonna start off with
hunting this island is full of goddamn
animals actually look what we've got
here we've got an animal how bloody
convenient yeah the signs full of animal
animals this is a buffalo um uh yeah
thanks thanks for that so um yeah anyway
so yeah then you could skin the animal
and take us for his hide and then we can
craft shit so what I want to craft today
Nate and gentlemen is an extended ammo
pouch but I need a golden tiger leather
so we're gonna have to hunt down this
bastard now this is a rare animal so we
can
only do it on the path of the hunter
missions hunt a rare golden tiger for a
taxidermist using a bow provided at the
designated location okay this tiger
could be anywhere anywhere luckily I've
got some drugs do drugs kids it will
make your life awesome master cell 2014
my sport - Tigers up in this bitch okay
I think that's a normal Tiger and this
is the rare golden tiger the golden
tiger is in its natural habitat walking
around the jungle thinking it is indeed
a boss ass bitch my name is David
Attenborough I kind of don't want to
give it it's so adorable oh look at a
mixer walking around what's going on oh
he'll throw those rocks ah I'm a truck
there is no scoring on the house do a
damn man oh no I'm just a tiger in the
jungle what the hell's going on
oh shit uh okay calm down calm down calm
down calm down
ah Jesus Christ
okay I think I think things have calmed
down now I think the tiger has calmed
down look at this motherfucker gun look
at him licking himself god damn oh it's
so cute
oh okay I'm not gonna make the same
mistake I did last time
come on now haha shoot shoot die please
please die please die please die please
sir oh oh I did it
wow that was actually kind of easy oh
right yeah we got the golden tiger hide
wow that was pretty fun let's do another
one why the fuck not continue in the
path of a warrior you should take a look
at the jobs
on the bulletin board uh yeah I was
gonna do that anyway what are you doing
what are you doing that to me
hello sir oh hello oh just push boss be
okay
oh god damn look alas I mean uh what are
we doing oh yeah missions a rare undying
bear killed some campers hunted down
with a shotgun provided at the site of
the attack okay I think this is it this
is where apparently some campers died
and apparently it was it was from this
bound like oh this is kind of scary
uh are you here I don't want any trouble
bear I just come to kill you I don't
want to hurt you I just want to kill you
oh my God look there's here's the campus
oh shit
look at her poor soul our less quickly
knew her body
oh no oh well is she killed an enemy oh
no I'm scared I'll crab do that did the
bad do this run I can hear him but I
can't see him where is he
Oh oh my god ah nice to meet you oh my
God look at it look at it mm-hmm
you write it wait hang on a second this
pad doesn't look threatening it looks
scared
there are you right oh I'm not oh right
Master self I didn't mean to kill the
campers they just came from my cave and
I was protecting my children please
don't give me birth yourself I don't
want no trouble I just wanna be friends
you won't be my friend Mercer bear I
didn't know you just wanted to be
friends of course I'll be your friends
come here bear
come give mesh yourself a big old bear
hug oh stop it bear stop it right now
you lied to me you motherfucker you said
that you wanted to be friends you lied
to me I'm a teacher by making
motherfucker I'm a teacher I'm gonna eat
your face I'm sorry bear I'm sorry you
had to die you had to die bear oh poor
bear I didn't want to kill you back you
made me aah
I didn't even know his name I'm gonna
name him Boris
and our anyway we're gonna be moving on
into the liberating outpost at the
moment I'm at an outpost but this is a
friendly one this once had loads of
enemies in it but I killed them all and
now it's full of all friendlies hello
friends
here's a couple of my friends now how
you doing babies how you doing best
friends what adventures are we gonna be
doing today
so I found a outpost we can liberate
it's 500 meters way we need this car
with his car
stop stop car stop hello stop ah what
the hell what the hell Jesus Christ what
is wrong with you you stupid woman you
nearly killed me Jesus Christ don't you
know that you're not supposed to fucking
run other people what the hell is wrong
with you
oh Jesus Christ Oh give me give me one
good reason why I should kill you stupid
bitch shut up shut up you stupid woman
you nearly killed me you bitch that's
right back back me you bitch beg for
your forgiveness you stupid ho you
nearly try to get it just like it up
you're stupid bitch bank bag bag all
right all right you're free to go you're
free to go
come on come on get up get off me get
out of my sight get out of my sight I
don't want to see you just get out of
here before I change my mind and kill
you just go go go you stupid woman get
out of here what is wrong with you
get out goddamn stupid
shut up down get down get down
shit shit shit alright guys guys we're
at the outpost
okay there's enemies everywhere
everywhere you see there was a goddamn
enemy let's see what we're dealing with
here let me see
okay we got one side Oh - snipers shit -
snipers out there crap crap okay oh
there's a third sniper oh shit I can't
seem right now okay we need to get
fucking closer what is that noise what
the hell is that oh my god they've caged
the Castaway though sick bastards guys
guys you see that you see that over
there that is an alarm we need to
disable the alarms otherwise if that if
one of those guys spot me and ring that
they are gonna bring troops everywhere
we don't want that we do shit the guys
right there the guys aren't there quick
quick quick
shit don't see we don't see me dosimeter
zoomy disabled disabled label yes okay
save little arms okay we need to take
out this guy before anyone sees me come
on come on take down take down halt book
there there there there there there Shh
I've got an idea guys I'm gonna shoot
out the doors of the Casa way the
castaways gonna run loose and create
havoc everywhere okay go go cast away go
kill them all kill them all cast away
go go go cast away go castle hey what is
he doing what is he doing
it's supposed to be running and killing
everyone why was it doing it's just
walking around hello I'm a castaway I'm
gonna sneak up on the bitches I'm a
castaway motherfucker and I'm gonna
sneak out found the bitches hello
everyone girl who got away kill him oh
shit
ah shit
I think I'll crap our covers been blown
guys are shit shit shit shit alcohol has
been going quicker quick quick abort the
plan of going self abort the plan of
going self gone yes okay got one the
sniper I just need to pick them up pick
them up pick them up for whom I got your
page two more two more two more two more
got you go yeah come on one more one
more one more one more more get him get
him get him get him get up get up boom
that's how you do it that's how you do
it man man man that's how you do it
that's how you do it that's really not
how you do it I want to do it stealth
but we failed in doing that anyway
moving on so now look where we are we
are in the Far Cry 3 map editor and I
know what you're thinking guys you're
thinking damn mich so this looks more
complicated than a woman's vagina and
you are partly right actually it's not
that complicated at all you've basically
got a lot of stuff you can do and you
can basically change the map through
everyone see this makes it like a lot
higher this makes it a lot flatter yeah
they are a Yara anyway that's not what I
care about what I care about Lane
gentlemen is objects and then gameplay
and then explosives okay guys I
literally spent 20 minutes putting
explosive barrels all around just like a
third of the map I can't wait to get in
this shit oh my god my computer what
have you done to my computer barrels so
many goddamn barrels okay I'm up I'm up
to a higher level now oh my God look at
how many barrels there are look how many
barrels there are holy shit okay guys
I'm gonna end the video here if you do
want more Far Cry 3 then let me know by
hitting that like button or just tell me
a comment
as long as you tell me and I'll do some
more
if you guys want because I haven't
scratched the surface of all the shit
anyway I'm gonna thank you I want to
thank you guys so much watching and I
will leave you with the bad
