hey bitch hey tip how you doing good
honey
say are you ready to get fucked up
tonight of course your big sluts
I'm Shaniqua Los Santos number one party
animal so honey when you coming over
wait what oh my god oh my god we are
gonna get so fucked up tonight Shaniqua
yeah honey drink up your bitch hey stop
hogging all the weave you ugly bitch huh
Jimmy oh I think I'm drunk I think I'm
drunk
ha ha TIFF can't even handle her drink
like a true woman oh shut up you bitch
before I punch you in the vagina oh my
god Tim I have absolutely nothing to
wear Oshin e could you look sexy with
what you have on really
oh thank Tiffany patient ekwa did you
hear
apparently Emma got pregnant oh my
goodness what a fucking bitch I know
right ha ha say Shaniqua do you ever
wonder if you can keep up what you're
doing uh what do you mean Tiffany I mean
we go out like every night and I'm
wondering how old you think we'll be
before we start having to settle down
listen to me Tiffany I'm Shaniqua I will
never settle down now shut the fuck up
with all this bullshit because tonight
we are gonna get so wasted
all right this is my jam
turn it up bitches alright Shaniqua you
got it huh
fuck you guys yeah fuck you fuck
everybody we're gonna get so drunk
tonight all right nigga calm down we
have to get in the club all right sup
dickhead listen lady I can't let you in
the club until I see some ID ID Do You
Know Who I am I am the craziest
motherfuckin all of my CentOS and you
asked me I did here's your egg oh my god
drink some and Shores
oh shit I'm so drunk oh yeah bitch shake
that ass shake that ass for me girl
oh my god
- mommy girls yeah dance for me I like
the way you move girlfriend
my head man who the hell is ringing my
door so early alright alright calm down
come on down I'm coming who the hell is
that hang on one second buddy win yeah
come on in it's open who the hell are
you again oh my goodness it's you mom
yes ah your mother mom hey how you doing
what are you doing here in Los Santos
what am I doing here all I've been
hearing it's stories about how you
believe in the hell out and I don't even
get a car
well sorry mom but this is the life that
I've been living now and I've saw been
loving it oh hell no there's no way in
hell my baby girl it's going to be
spending the rest of her life like this
oh no she isn't how said it again what
can't you be like her sister sharkeisha
oh my baby Denisha or car misha or your
other sister McDonald's all right mom I
get it but I don't want to live my life
like my sisters they've got like five
kids each ain't nobody got time for that
listen to me Shaniqua I did not spend 12
hours squeezing you out of my vagina for
you to be partying all the time uh-huh
do you at least have a man Shaniqua is
an independent black woman and she don't
need no man all right at least get a man
your life sneaker come on be like your
sisters no mom there's no way in hell
I'm getting a boyfriend oh hell no I
didn't want to have to say this Shaniqua
but if you don't get a man I am moving
your ass back to Liberty City oh yes I
said and yes I did or ha wait what mom
no no you can't do that please please
I'm having so much fun here in Los
Santos please please don't make me go
back to that godforsaken shit so please
I'm sorry
sneaker but it's for your own good I'll
be back in one week to see it
you've got a man in your life god damnit
mom why have you got to come here and
ruin my goddamn life oh well looks like
Shaniqua needs to needs to meet a man
geez
I guess now we just need to find a way
for us to meet some single men in Los
Santos oh hang on a second I know
exactly how we can do that by having a
party come on in guys were having a
partay Oh an army cadet nice get in here
man your social equal sir
oh I wonder who's at the door now
oh it's Mikey how you doing Mikey come
on in come on in the more single man the
better
oh hey Lucas let's get bloody drunk
knock knock who's there
oh hey zombie man you sure are creepy
motherfucker where's the host shit there
are lots of people in my apartment right
now okay hello mister you are the lost
man all right boys you gotta impress me
but first let's get fucking drunk
actually how can we have a party without
some god damn strippers let's get some
strippers up in this bitch
hey fufu come on in come on in make
yourself comfortable feel free to drink
something boys this is a party after all
ha ha ha ha Oh a Shaniqua so I heard
you're looking for a boyfriend holy shit
what the fuck just happened did that guy
just die
yeah now we go to pardon a Shaniqua be
my girlfriend guys calm down
stop speaking all at once guys calm down
calm down guys stop speaking all at once
guys alright fellas be right back I just
need to go to the bathroom no guys get
out get out now I'm serious get out of
here I need to take a shit Shaniqua need
to take a shit get the hell out everyone
get out of my bathroom
alright guys party's over boys over guys
you need to get out get the hell out
guys don't want to go just please get
the fuck out of my house everyone let me
out let me out let me out Jesus Christ
I knew this boyfriend thing wouldn't
work every man wants a bit of Shaniqua I
need to find someone who is worthy of
Shaniqua ok guys ok come here come here
everyone line up against this wall guys
come on guys you're wasting my time I
need to talk to you all come on everyone
come and face this wall guys come on
guys please alright is everyone here is
everyone here ok good
listen up you guys are gonna go through
with some tests
alright you guys need to prove that you
are good enough to go out with Shaniqua
alright no what the hell you doing
for fuck's sake Lucas can you please not
kill my potential boyfriends alright oh
my god what the hell's happening now
can you stop oh my god what the hell
what the hell man Lucas you're fucking
cut are
fuck say I'm looking what the hell what
the hell is happening ah get out of here
get out of there Lucas no no don't you
dare Lucas you little piece of shit get
out of there get out of me Lucas you
piece of shit god damn it you
motherfucker come in come at you
motherfucker come here
God's sake god damn it what the hell is
wrong with you oh Jesus Christ what the
fuck are you lot done to my bloody
apartment you've absolutely ruined it
you know what fuck it fuck it I've had
enough
let's just start this goddamn missions
already for fuck's sake this mission is
called hashtag fight for Shaniqua
players will be put in a free-for-all
death match where the strongest man in
Los Santos will have to fight it out to
prove that they are good enough for
Shaniqua the only weapon they have is
their face because Shaniqua loves a good
fisting now and again so without further
ado let's start this motherfucker
bitches all right motherfuckers are you
ready are you ready to fight hashtag to
fight for Shaniqua are you ready I don't
think you're ready motherfuckers all
right go go go where are you take this
motherfucker
oh shit oh wait no I don't hit me aah
please no I should not come into I'll
beat him bastard where do you think
you're going to be go under oh shit
i fucks you up good son hey where do you
think you're going motherfucker oh my
goodness she leaked was coming in for
the swing she hits him oh my god she
gets one she gets to where you running
up duty little bitch come fight me fight
me you're mother fucker oh wait no I'm
mr. gray stomach ooh you stole my kill
you motherfucker take this and that oh
damn
surprise motherfucker 1v1 me pussy boy
come on come on 1v1 the ocean where he
go comeback it oh come on in fight me
fight me yeah kill sig motherfuckers I'm
gonna get you I'm gonna get you little
bitch
I'm gonna get you oh my god one hits 1v1
me pussy boy come on come on 1v1 me
motherfucker come on take it take it
take it to me oh my god what the hell
come on come on team up team up yeah
buddy there's no going back now bitch
there's no going back
now boom boom boom no help no hahahaha
find me fight me yeah fight me fight me
fight me oh my good hahaha boom get out
wait where do you think you're going no
fichinni quaint no lesbian bitch bitch
oh stop licking oh my future boyfriend
your bitch yeah I gotcha
i'ma go where'd you come from oh come on
becames about to end the game is about
to end quickly one more kill
there you are Lucas you little fucker
that's what you get for trying to
fucking kill me last game come on take
one more one more key one more kill ya
till I win so I win did I win but I came
first
lad do we nearly r02 the fuck did that
kite beat me okay well looks like
linguini Lea is the strongest man Los
Santos but the real question is is he
the fastest - this mission is called
hash tag race for Shaniqua Shaniqua
wants a man who can ride her whenever
and wherever she wants and being able to
drive win her to the potential
boyfriend's will take place in a six
mile race from Los Santos all the way up
to Blaine County while trying to avoid
obstacles like unnecessary fences
wreckages and ramps that don't really do
much can these measly men prove that
they've got what it takes to beat
Shaniqua probably no but let's give it a
go anyway alright let's go baby
hashtag race for Shaniqua good luck
fellas
may the best man win no seriously may
the best man win that's sort of why
we're racing the winners gonna be on
boyfriend you know what the bloody story
is your mother fuckers let's do this
three two one go yeah got that boost
motherfuckers I got that booze yo you oh
shit know who took me over little shades
come back in oh crap fuck I forgot put
that there come on no that's not fair
so they've got a faster car than me
that's thought oh my god shit he took
you out son
oh crap yeah I got that hell your
bitches I gotta get that boost come on
gotta get that boost motherfucker oh
shit oh crap
no I forgot I put that there no oh crap
look at everyone else fucked that up
oh here comes the big jump guys here
comes the big jump get ready yeah hey
it's anyone's race voice it's anyone's
race unique was still gonna charge
motherfuckers Shaniqua still got a
chance of winning this one woo-hoo-hoo
they fucked up on that one hehehe I knew
that fuck of one that one where hang a
second I'm first
Shaniqua has entered first first first
yes I knew I could do it oh shit shit no
no no come on come on he's gonna take
over me oh shit hey come on come on I
was so - oh my goose fucked up
oh my crow my god is fucked up he's
fucked up yes yes yes see you later
bitch see you later motherfucker oh my
good we may actually have a chance of
winning this we may actually have a
chance of becoming first in our own race
I knew it
oh crap no so sue me please no some
tsunami shabti let me please don't know
what the hell man crap crap crap come on
we can't lose this race this is my race
I made this so that I could win Ericka's
oh crap fuck off fuck off Jesus Christ
let's get the shit out of me
man this is impossible this is
absolutely possible there is no man in
Los Santos that could beat Shaniqua in
her own goddamn race come on come on
come on come on
ah shit ah well we lost let's see who
the mystery man is who who beat Shaniqua
in in a race I guess linguini Lea he
beat me again
he came first in the fight for Shaniqua
and now he's come first for that race
for Shaniqua
well language alia looks like you've
proved that you are worthy of being
Shaniqua x' boyfriend all right here we
are
LAN Queenie's apartment get in here
Legree Nia I got something to show you
oh hello Shaniqua say uh where are you
taking me my friend oh well just you
wait and see
boyfriends congratulations on winning
the tests by the way oh thank you very
much any Clairol well I really like you
Shaniqua of course you do silly who
doesn't like Shaniqua your apartment
there what are we doing here Shaniqua
just waked hear language Illya I'll be
right back come on in oh my god
walk with me like Winley up listen when
I was first told that I had to get a
boyfriend I hated the idea
I didn't think I'll ever find the right
man for me
but then you came along and proved that
you truly are worthy of being my man oh
thank you very much anyway I appreciate
it very much well and Queen Alia what
are you waiting for come on in
so bad oh yes Shaniqua oh yes I like
this oh yes I like it very much Antigua
oh man we're gonna have such a good time
together
oh yes uni question min and it is open
oh I like the titties up on the or
Shaniqua Oh
