well hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is mesh yourself there today we
are going to be reacting to my strange
addiction now you guys have never heard
of my strange addiction again it's a
show by TLC where they find these very
weird people alright in America with
very weird addictions okay and you know
what it's fun to just love how stupid
they are alright so let's just do that
my name is Heather I'm 43 my two
beautiful children
okay and I'm addicted to drinking paint
I'm sorry
what this bloody woman wants to drink
paint I'm pretty sure that shit's gonna
kill you right as it's going down your
throat it feels very nice and warm
almost like a thicker version of warm
milk but obviously it's got that very
strong chemical taste to it
yes perfect to me okay
drink it bloody paint okay look at her
face uh the size of a-- makes me sick oh
I wish you got a drink white paint okay
my god drew a brother like that man the
crazy bitch okay only in America would
have it would have these dumbass people
okay Heather drinks at least one paint
marker everyday there's nearly three
kinds of paints when you get the marker
you need to shake it up obviously it's
like your standard paint you can already
see that there is some white paint
around the edge so I'll put that into my
mouth and suck the excess off take that
off okay paint is like sorry okay I'll
calm down okay but this is disgusting
and now you have what I drink what this
bloody crazy bitch she's gonna die this
crazy bitch is gonna die because you
love drinking this crazy drink obviously
it's not something that I can do in
front of my children my children have
seen it on my teeth or on my mouth or
smelled it on my breath but no one no
one knows pasty I'm gonna drink it oh my
god is it paint like dangerous paint
often it contains more than half a dozen
lethal chemicals including Zion when
aspirated xylene can cause a media pull
Murray building out bits leaning okay
well alright this guy's gonna die
alright I'm gonna give a shit alright
you go drink paint but you're gonna die
bitch Stephanie and I are best friends
today I'm going to admit my addiction to
drinking pain it's something that's out
of the ordinary so on your best friend
alright oh yeah by the way I drew paint
all the time okay it hasn't affect our
friendship or anything but yeah I I
drink paint what would you say I'd be
like god damn I need to pick my friends
better okay that's what I would say I
won't say key right now yeah you should
be I brought you here because I want to
tell you something okay it's something
that's unusual yeah I am addicted to
drinking paint
you told me to meet you at the park and
all this man just film us so you to tell
me that you two could paint okay hey hey
out of paint markers Wow Wow you don't
say paint markers Wow and doing it for
about two two and a half years oh really
so how much are you drinking that day an
hour a week a marker a day sometimes
more really have you thought of what
this is going to do to your children
what you have done to your body yeah I
have and that's another reason the main
reason actually Mike if my kids are the
main reason for doing this this woman is
going to die soon if she keeps doing
this all right she has children but all
she cares about is drinking paint okay
just to think about it how stupid the
situation is right now she's choosing to
drink something that you shouldn't even
shouldn't even drink instead of her
children what a bitch always here no
matter what I know you're always there
Oh crying okay don't worry just go drink
something need to stop so I got your lab
results back and your kidney function is
a little bit abnormal the paint in the
lungs can cause pulmonary hemorrhage
uh-oh and can cause death uh-oh well I'm
ready I'm ready to do this because I
whoa what are you doing like I I will I
have to wall down
what Oh Heather has been taped free
since from now okay a kidney function oh
okay oh okay
oh that's pointless okay she drank paint
before and now she doesn't okay kind of
wanted to see her die all right but I'm
glad she's okay all right just for a
kid's sake okay but yeah what a crazy
bitch drinking I've never heard such a
stupid thing in my entire life all right
with a new girl the best crunch that
I've ever got in my entire life
oh my god oh my god imagine your teeth
like oh I'm quite sensitive about my
teeth and the idea of eating sand my
favorite combination of saying is when I
mix it with gum oh I'm gonna find out
why the hell real is addiction first
developed five years ago I accidentally
got a mouthful of sand at the beach but
you came under that experience like you
know what it doesn't actually taste that
bad okay I think I'm 1/8 sad from now on
when she accidentally got a mouthful of
sand at the beach
she was instantly hooked from the
crunchy texture like a pinch in my mouth
when I wake up in the morning there's
still pieces in my teeth leftovers when
I first found now that breezy ting sand
I was like oh my gosh that is crazy now
my sister was inside I was like oh my
gosh that's crazy I can't believe you
girl don't just act like it's crazy okay
talk some sense into your dumb sister
and take away this bitch's sand okay
Bria eats and up to six times per day
that's nearly eleven thousand times
since it's crazy sand lick my finger and
then dip it it's out of the sand and put
it on the back of my teeth
the fact that it grates on one team but
you did that okay it makes me cringe you
did that
what's she doing is she even a drainage
so dependent on that satisfying crunch
she turns to nail files when her sand
supply runs okay this girl's stupid okay
I this is the stupidest that what am i
watching right now this is so dumb ud
realizes this content for like the
lowest common denominator I this this is
literally trash what I'm watching right
now but it's kind of interesting I'm not
gonna lie actually files when her sense
of liveliness like sandpaper on it they
get same crunch
why why is it so
such Korea's cravings can't be satisfied
with just any sand
oh nice to be so famous tan is actually
the same from the playground she goes to
her local playground and goes to eat the
sand okay Jesus Christ ban her from the
bloody park taking a handful oh can I
take like the big rocks out okay it's
natural straight from the earth it's
really good and it's really crunchy oh
my god this crazy bitch okay well that
was the stupidest clip this bitch is
eating sand okay what why are all these
strange addictions of these stupid
Americans just eating weird things
alright you have so much food in your
stupid country and yet you decide to eat
this dumb shit okay okay no addiction my
name is Jennifer and I'm addicted to
eating mattresses mattress and I'm
addicted to eating matches
I'm not selling my matches plain and
straight-up I know many but none today
okay it's like a horrid texture like my
taste buds to go you know kind of like a
good sore when I found out they Jennifer
heated matches I was just dumbfounded I
was like huh it blew my mind did she do
that
and we just continue with all day okay
if I found out one of my family members
was doing this which yeah I'd be like
what does shit is wrong with you you
can't just go out in mattresses that's
not normal and blew my mind that she did
this oh my god she eats a square foot of
mattresses every day she's consumed okay
oh my gosh what the shit is wrong with
this girl no how
I'm not sure like angle mom's not going
to be in her room where I could be in
her room so like say we should get in
the shower tiptoeing in your Sogeti
smuggling in like drugs
okay she's like oh god damn I better
make sure my mom don't come back okay
but you better hide this mattress so if
you don't find it reason why I'm not
eating my own mattress is because I ate
my mattress already the reason why I
don't eat my own mattress is because I
already ate my own mattress okay so it's
a Wang got a mattress now so dumb this
is this is dumb I hope you guys realize
this is that this is so dumb right now
the side effects stuff even mattresses
gas is really the only one you had Oh
God oh it answers my money leaves my
money he goes to my my sister man goes
out as well this this girl's disgusting
okay how the shit is you brother eating
a mattress man I'm very concerned by her
health and I heard that justice system
that have seen me in the toilet okay I
don't think that's real okay because you
know I'm pretty sure the director was
like hey we want to get a shot of you
know mattresses in the toilet cuz you
said you know you shit out mattresses
but we can't show poo so you know let's
just rip off a couple of pieces put it
in in some clean water and get a shot of
us flushing the toilet okay yeah it's
great he comes out in whole pieces
however all
she gay she forgot a five what's your
thought we call go sit in the back seat
and it was like sponge down there and I
just picked it you took it and was like
just chew it on I see my father's car
seat and I rip off a piece and the first
thing I decided to do with this piece I
decide to put it in my mouth and eat it
who who thinks like that only this dumb
ass woman apparently oh my god this
woman's crazy couches back Springs for
the last 10 years mattresses have just
been my thing she keeps a addiction a
secret from us cool yeah totally okay I
wouldn't want this go anywhere near my
house okay she'll come in and eat my bed
okay
eating mattresses can lead to liver
damage in test all blockages and even
death so how often do you eat mattress
fall I cuss on it every day
oh and like one sitting like I would eat
like this big you know the problem you
face is you're gonna have a hole in your
intestine or a complete bowel
obstruction and it's gonna be an
emergency and emergency means you could
die Wow okay okay okay
little fear am i right there oh it just
got serious
yeah I can change did you think I'm
gonna change this I am better change
this it has me and much as fewer than
five times a day she hopes to quit for
good okay okay yeah what this should
were you thinking okay what do you think
was gonna happen by you eating
mattresses okay eat food like normal
people
okay I swear to God if the next
addiction is eating food I'm gonna go
mad all right the next one now
was it this time my name's Teresa I'm 44
years old I live in Bedford Virginia
pretty day today and I'm addicted to
eating right oh come on what the Shakers
with this stupid show just eating way
things I don't care about these people
eating weird things this woman's not
eating a rock I understand why I don't
think I would be able to function every
day if I didn't eat some quantity of
rock Theresa has been addicted to eating
rocks for more than 20 years she was
initially attracted to the earthy smell
that was just out walking one day
that's no intention of biting into it or
chewing it but Dan and once I did that I
was putting rocks in their mouth what
what is God anyway it's the grittiness
of it and the earthy taste actually like
how it feels on my teeth when I'm
crunching oh good not I'm very worried
about three your teeth I worried handle
what you're putting inside of it it's
gonna rebel against you yeah Theresa's
favorite type of rock is a mixture of
several minerals including granite she
uses a hammer to break them up and do
bite sized pieces
she's so it's about the size I like it
because it's not as hard to swallow I
would normally take a piece like this
and normally just put it in my mouth Oh
oh my god
I just put the whole piece around
mouthing
and get the birthday taste off of it
Oh imagine doing that
Teresa eats up to two pounds of rock a
day that's some hundred thirty pounds a
year I will eat them in front of anybody
I'm not ashamed of it so it doesn't
really bother me okay that was it all
right we're not gonna find out if she
stopped doing it all right or if she's
gonna die because of it all right it
just ends all right she's probably dead
by now I'm not gonna lie guys okay is
the law strange addiction now okay
because so knows I'm fed up all right
can we not have eating Oh
I'm Justin jedlica I'm 32 years old and
I'm a living dog a living I just go
watching his face I've had 125
procedures this guy's had 125 operations
oh okay
what the hell okay then one hundred and
fifty eight thousand dollars to make me
really resemble a doll and chest was
first then move on to bicep implants
tricep implants what a brow bone shaved
I had a brow lift and I started having a
couple other nose revisions they all get
a little fuzzy after a while but at the
end I've had five nose jobs now she
disguised spending all this money okay
my opinion when I see this dumb shit I'm
just like your weight and just stay away
from me okay that that's my reaction to
most of this shit the doll really
exemplify sort of the ideal male
aesthetic when I was probably about 12
or 13 I used to always watch lifestyles
of the rich and famous and I always had
the idea in my brain I wish that my
family could have been this family that
was wealthy and we could fly in private
jets and we could have simple how did
the money a wish list do all this stuff
in my mind oh and I ended up sort of
emulating what I thought a lot of those
wealthy people look like okay you know
they all had plastic surgery and it I
realized that I had a liking for
some more exaggerated features and this
ideal male physique you know a little
bit more like a doll like like a hero
you know on this like tiny waist in this
large upper body okay I mean fair enough
I guess oh that was it okay how did that
guy and that money to do those
operations
okay lose revenue I'm gonna end the
video there I was meaning to do a
reaction video on my strange addiction
okay I've watched a couple of clips if
you guys want me to make another video
on it though if this video reaches like
25,000 likes I will but I probably won't
okay because to be totally honest this
shows pretty dumb and stupid okay and
it's just a show of just people eating
dumb shit to be honest
either way though you guys so much for
watching and I'll see you in the next
video man so the guys ba-bye
