hey what's going on guys my name is
master self how you doing so what we
doing
oh yeah we're playing Dead Rising 3
obviously because it's like the best
game ever on the Xbox one cuz Dec the
Xbox one doesn't have that many good
games out yet
oh who said that get out of my bedroom
who who said that talking to my
microphone today we're gonna be doing
some more psychopath missions since we
did a couple last episode as you can see
I'm also level 50 goddamn mr. self
you've been spending a lot of time on
Dead Rising 3
yeah half man this game takes a while to
complete 100% I've maxed out every
attribute and all that Shaz all that
shares I'm making upwards now before we
start the psychopath missions though I
want to show you some of my cou goddamn
looking outfits cuz look at me I look so
beautiful at the moment I need to show
you some more outfits so let's get on
with the video baby
whoa whoa whoa guys calm down it's a
dude it's a dude oh god damn it Timmy
put your trousers back on oh my god
we'll need one more point to win oh my
God look at the enemy team oh shit oh 10
seconds left
taking the hell off me man army upon
it's gonna spoil shake it up innit
Oh move man move Oh nope Oh Oh what's
gonna do let's go swish motherfucker
swish motherfucker yeah I don't know
anything about basketball it's nice that
I stole entering the ring weighing about
159 pounds messieur sir
then I come on baby I float like a
butterfly sting like a bee motherfucker
the names yourself mess yourself okay I
guess that's all the outfits that I
wanted to show you guys at the moment
I'm dressed as a cute little schoolgirl
so now we can go do some psychopath
emissions but what I learnt right is
that we don't have to do these
psychopath emissions alone
okay so I've saved a couple of people
from zombies and they are on the
survivor bulletin board and they can now
help me instead psychopath missions
here's all the people that we've saved
we've got Troy we got some Jesse we got
little Anna
we got goddamn salmon we got Alexandra
look at you you sexy bitch we got a V
and then we've also got Christine baby
how you doing Christine girl okay we
could only pick five people to join us
so I think I'm gonna choose Jessie
because Jessie's a goddamn bodyguard and
he's gonna save my ass
we'll pick Alexandra because she's got
damn sexy goddamn sexy Alexandra OS
picked Christine because she's a cute
little girl we got away let's choose
Robbie because he's a little pussy I
mean little pussy little Robbie and who
else last person hmm I might choose Ana
yeah let's just choose Ana okay there's
our team look at them all running around
like headless chickens I don't know hey
I'm just I don't know what to do but I'm
just along for the ride motherfuckers
before we start these psychopath
emissions I want to make sure that every
single one of these guys have got a
weapon so they can actually do something
in these missions so um first obviously
we're not gonna forget mr. cuddles hey
Brandon don't forget about me you can
fight zarbor's against me
so I want to give mr. cuddles to a girl
who am I gonna give a girl I don't wanna
give it to Alexandra cause she doesn't
look like she doesn't look very sturdy I
don't want to give it to this Christine
girl either hmm you know what let's
screw it I'll just give it to Ana you
gonna take
mr. cuddles now cuz the last girl didn't
you listen to me bitch you listen to me
okay now let's give a ravioli works in a
convenience store and I'm not even
joking actually did that's where I found
in the little Indian bastard so yeah you
can have a broom so you can clean up
your convenience store
thank you very much Brandon oh it's
alright or not thank you I like this
broom okay okay after alright love this
broom some bloody much
okay now let's give Jessie a weapon yay
I'm Jessie I'm a bodyguard
so yeah Jessie's a bodyguard so I think
bodyguards have guns let's just give
let's just give him a gun let's give him
an assault rifle yeah here you go Jessie
where are you ha no he's running into a
wall
god damn it Jesse stand still are there
you go there's your gun my friend ok
Alexandria's your turn you sexy white
bitch um I've got a really special
weapon for you so I found this blueprint
earlier so if you if you get a leaf
blower right and if you get a dildo
right and then if you craft them
together you get a very special weapon
wait and see what it is a super massager
it's a gun right I'll show you it's a
gun that shoots out dildos it's fucking
brilliant look at this shit BAM
penetrated get penetrated bam bam get
penetrated ego Alexandre don't use on
yourself now what the hell doesn't want
it you fucking bitch what about you
Kristine you look like a feisty woman do
you on this no are for goodness why
there's no woman want a super massager
you do rise the power of the Zipit
massage it you motherfuckers I need to
find another weapon for Christina oh
that's perfect there we go household
cleaner here you go girl let's see if
you like this I bet you weren't like
this here take it
oh you like this you stupid bitch Tanya
look at this god damn kitchen god damn
Christina clean up its goddamn mess get
penetrated Bam Bam get penetrated so
here is our team ladies and gentlemen
all kid out oh man look at these guys I
actually think we might have a chance
against the Psychopaths come on guys
follow me Jesus Christ is gonna take
longer than I thought
all right finally here we go here is
this psychopath mission okay is everyone
here's to a head count one two three
four and then five yeah okay
are you guys ready to fight this
psychopath are you ready guys guys are
you ready oh so now you fucking ready
yeah you shake it man damn look at this
guy's is buffer Zell excuse me Jerri
it's not safe here
yeah let's not say mister oh shit is he
one let's did you say oh my goodness yes
it I am no sir I am sherry with two
hours shit pissed off the wrong bitch
manor of Miss gigantic California no one
in my way do you understand hey you know
who are you coming on to me hey stop it
okay she's told myself no you are not
going to beat me oh shit a Miss gigantic
California oh okay how I find these boss
battles I don't know okay and now how
these guys are gonna look at them or ha
oh shit guys oh my god you know I really
have to do anything together so I'm just
gonna let these guys just fire out look
at them all god damn it come on team go
team go go oh shit look at them all the
gang out I'm Richie doesn't do anything
look at the wall
Gordon Robbie Oh Brandon I would bloody
help you oh crap some of them are
actually low on health
who's the lowest out of the more okay
Ravi Ravi come here you little weak
bastard hey take this oh thank you very
much blended with a drink oh my goodness
they've actually got it to low health go
on go on you can do it just a couple
more hits
Alexandra quickly take this drink oh my
god they actually did it Jesus Christ
well done team man I told you is the
best team ever
as ever Jesus Christ you poor girl
okay then yep you just kill yourself
what the hell man
these psychopath missions don't worry
man
I still find I still find you beautiful
yeah go team look even got achievement
yeah well done motherfuckers well done
motherfuckers okay that's pretty much it
for today if you're new here then please
hit that subscribe button that's where
you get notified whenever I upload a new
video and it's for free that's the best
thing about it it's for free and if you
are subscribed to me sure to follow me
on Twitter to keep up everything that is
mesh yourself anyway I will see you in
the next video of mine but I
