hello everyone my name is mesh yourself
obviously and today we are playing
probably the best game in the whole wide
world
skate 3 I can't believe it's taken me
this long to make a video on this game
because it's just so funny
it makes me laugh hey granny how you
doing granny I think granny wants to be
my video come here granny
hey dude girl oh hey girl you a fat
piece of ass bitch
back that ass bang that ass yeah yeah
granny are you running off to granny
look at her run how she running that bus
what the hell what the hell what the
hell what the hell did she just hit me
oh man granny you're gonna get it now
where are you stupid bitch
granny Oh what the fuck she disappeared
so anyway my character she is named - so
anyway um my character she is named
Tiffany and she is some hardcore skater
chick man and people think that just
because she's a girl that she can't
skate she can fucking skate alright so
I'm let me just show you the rest of my
team so obviously we've got Tiffany
skater chick and then we've also got
Jesus Christ we got some white bitch and
last but not least we've got Kanye West
don't ask me why I pick those people
they're just they're just not the best
the best gaming team in the world
I'll show you guys them in action a bit
later but first we're gonna try one of
the hardest levels in the game this
level is called tunnel blasting we have
to escape of one of the steepest point
in scape 3
and perform a 360 one foot and shrink
through the tunnel and land it perfectly
there are many things to avoid on this
level but with your skill in it's
completely possible
fuck no Tiffany oh shit oh shit no no no
Tiffany I'm sorry
ah fuck that's gonna hurt in the morning
all right come on Tiffany don't
disappoint me jump jump
ha ha ha what the hell oh shit I was
gonna fuck it but my tits off oh shit I
fuckin burnt my nipples off alright come
on at least try and make it over the
pipe make it over the pipe I'm not gonna
make that work Landon Landon idol and it
no-ho-ho Tiffany alright come on come on
land at land at land at landed Oh 360
land they all come on Tiffany yes you
tuned it all and it land it oh oh shit I
was fucking close gone job no other
punches 3/16 out land it no but all
right common Tiffany you can do this you
can do this baby
nice bit skills yeah nice pace skills
okay get ready get ready bitch ahaha go
on Tiffany chop fuck 360 bitches ha ha
ha I'm getting sick of this shit girl
come on you're embarrassing me alright
come on land it yeah girl come on jump
Oh 360 oh I'm doing it like it laughing
do you fucking bitch alright clearly
something isn't working
alright but we can't give up
Do You Know Who I am I'm motherfucking
Tiffany the best skater in the whole
wide world and there is no level too
hard for Tiffany we can do this shit no
no we will do this shit
I told you I could do this shit man I
told you I could do this damn what the
what happened to the screen hello did I
break the game by completing the hardest
level in the in the game I think I did
oh fuck what the hell did I do guys
something wrong here things are a bit
weird oh wait no hang on a second what
the hell what that was these guys doing
oh my god no is this what I think it is
is this what I think it is aah oh my god
it's a fucking zombie apocalypse zombie
apocalypse is probably broken loose oh
shit what am I gonna do oh fuck no I
better get out of it
before they kill me oh shit oh shit oh
shit I'm getting so scared oh shit oh
shit oh shit um uh they're not fuckin
chasing me hello
what the hell come on guys mr. chase
meters on me a bug lips what the fuck
you guys are the worst zombies ever I
swear to God what the fuck what oh my
god that's funny why they fall in what
way God fuck this game is just so
fucking funny
bitches take this you motherfuckers
Jesus Christ the best thing about this
game is have to be the fucking AI the
pedestrians are so funny let's try and
find someone to fuckin piss off oh hey
baby hey I didn't do a girl not gonna
hurt ya okay you're just gonna fall on
the floor you think of giving up bitch
you think getting a bitch I think so
stay down motherfucker oh you want to
get up again
oh no no bitch stay down all right get
up get up get up bitch get up oh my god
what the hell happened that
alright get up girl I'm just kidding I'm
just kidding I'm not gonna hurt you
would you say you fucking bitch alright
girl leave you alone I got a second eat
running away from me don't run away from
me you bitch
I'm gonna get you girl I'm gonna get you
you're gonna regret this stupid bitch
come here come here little you're made
of shit I can't run away from me garlic
on a skateboard
I got a motherfucking skateboard oh my
god what the hell Jesus Christ you
fucking good you stupid girl anyone else
anyone else here anyone else oh hello
hey buddy hey come back here I'm not
gonna have your man I'm not gonna have
you don't run away from me come back
here you little bitch
hahahaha hey man I was kidding I was
kidding
hey what the hell you don't have to do
that you're stupid man I'm gonna fucking
get you now you fuck
look God oh my god is that car can I
write that oh yeah like a boss look at
me I'm like a boss wait hang on a second
is that an old man old man come here I'm
not gonna hurt you trust me
hey doing old man how you doing oh I
know he's not an old man he's just
limping what the hell are you talking
about you fucking hit a pant what are
you doing come Chase me what is this guy
doing that's what I love that this game
you could just beat the shit out of
anyone you ain't you ain't getting up
motherfucker
stay down motherfucker hey what you
looking at man I'm gonna beat the shit
out of you and you you stupid bitch I'm
gonna getcha get down on the floor bitch
yes what I thought as well thought does
he can get up now saying if you can get
up bitch I'm not gonna get bored of this
come a little fuck
get down anyone else want to mess with
me You Know Who I am I'm Tiffany you
bitch get down man and you get down
bitch and you what you do it huh get
down on the floor get down on the floor
everybody on the goddamn floor
i'm tiffany tiffany he's taking over
bitches Tiffany's taking over you down
and you get down
I'm gonna poke a mad bitch I'm mad you
don't worry bitch mijo
Wow hahaha
now we could - hippedy oh fuck all right
fine I'll stop picking on everyone so
for this girl hey girl hey hey what's
that you got a problem with this man go
to prom this bitch fuck you man I'm
gonna fuckin terrorize this girl hey
girl I'm not gonna hurt you or anything
just just stay down you know just stay
down
yeah oh no it's a garden say get up I
didn't say go at me stupid bitch I
didn't say get up don't go on the floor
get on the floor for me girl ah girl oh
crap see the gun you got a gun oh shit
she fucking tasered me what the hell
kind of game is it haha anyway guys I
got to end this video here this video
was sort of a stupid weird video got
slightly distracted if you want more
scape through your probably doubt it
then let me know in the comments and
also leave a like if not then I
definitely recommend you buy the game
it's fucking brilliant
anyway one thing I started watching and
I'll see you in a couple of days bye bye
