hello everyone my name is mesh yourself
how's everyone - and today we're gonna
be playing some jabber tub - ok 14 yeah
yeah and something interesting about
this game is that I bought the Miley
Cyrus DLC and will this basically is is
that obviously after Miley Cyrus's fail
attempt of a music career they put her
in WWE games so yeah can't wait to try
this girl out and see what she looks
like after all these years so uh yeah I
have no idea what to expect in this shit
what oh my god oh my god oh my god yep
you can definitely tell Miley because
she does not have an ass damn look at
her what the hell they're promoting a
frickin YouTube what the hell I can
pretty much remember my YouTube wow yeah
this is definitely Miley wow what
happened to you Miley Jesus Christ look
at you after all these years
damn Billy Ray would be Billy Ray would
be disappointed so uh obviously we I
created a character to go up against
Miley obviously I didn't want to be
Miley Cyrus I wanted to play against us
so I can't wait to show you my character
yes yes with an indie music on that
Great Khali intro
so yeah my character is a woman by the
name of Rasputia from the movie Norbit
no Rasputia
love this music man great karlie has the
best music I swear to God
okay Miley here we go I'm going to teach
you a lesson unless you never forget
your music career bitch oh now she's
supposed to get I'll crap I came she may
be a lot better than Rasputia
come on resolution oh I got you in the
corner I got you in the corner Miley
what you gonna get on bitch it's nice to
know my leave still got your VMA outfit
on after all these years you think you
would have
oh shit I'm gonna go buy this girl Oh
Miley what'd you go and do John Zito
shit nah I was in the middle of doing it
or I'll crap oh shit I'm getting old I'm
getting old I'm getting old
Miley where you come in my late where's
she going what what she's gangster from
outside of the ring why she's getting a
table outside of the ring you know what
I have the perfect thing for to get
outside of the ring you you could you
bring your tables Miley I'm gonna bring
back an old friend you see this Miley
it's a sledgehammer yeah you're not
gonna be licking this one are you stupid
bitch you Molly here you go bitch take
the sledgehammer oh crap oh no she
reversed oh shit oh damn what's she
doing oh crap ahaha Miley how did he get
her out acrobatic what the hell is wrong
with you ah fuck camera run away run
away well did you see my thorn I want to
show you my torn googly run out run out
okay quickly right now okay here's my
torn yeah this is my epic torn yeah boom
Shakalaka boom Shakalaka
what is Miley doing she's ruining the
table what are you doing Miley boom
Shakalaka boom Shakalaka --k must run
out oh crap we both gotta finish her oh
crap this is a finisher oh crap oh god
oh shit shirred no no thank God okay
boom Shakalaka gathered it okay Molly
see what I'm getting right now I'm
getting a steel chair what you gonna do
money in your fo shit oh crap no she's
got the sledgehammer she's got the
sledgehammer I can't do anything about
this
run run Nala can defeat Maile with a
sledgehammer
oh crap Maile please not the
sledgehammer no look at my hand it's
stuck in my boobs now I'm Miley Miley no
no I gotta finish there ok run run don't
don't don't don't hurt me Miley please I
love you I love you I was just kidding
this video is a joke Miley this videos a
joke please please don't do it oh my
goodness good oh my god damn have you
got even replays on that shit damn oh my
god even a trophy even the trophies like
oh my god did he just do that shit oh my
god oh crap I think I killed her Miley
Miley oh crap no I tried to find a
weapon but I'm all out run away no oh
crap what you doing oh no no one wants
to be in that position with Miley Cyrus
oh my gosh that guitar haha
Miley come here I heard that you
couldn't fucking play the guitar ain't
gonna hurt ya ain't gonna hurt you Molly
I lied bitch uh-huh how did she have
that sort of power I'm screwed I'm
screwed
look at her the amount of power on this
girl the amount of power on this guy how
could she live Rasputia
how could she live this girl what the
hell look at the size of her Jesus
Christ
alright Miley I'm sick of your shit now
bitch get in the corner I'm gonna teach
you a lesson Miley I'm gonna teach you a
lesson they never forget
Rasputia on the side barricade boom boom
dah I broke the freaking barricade oh
shit look at the replays damn Rasputia
all that weight I for Sophie Molly for
Sophie okay it's nap time much finish a
bitch suck them up Anisha oh damn
okay that's perfect I'm in Ben Ben 1
- oh my god really Miley Rasputia
conflict with the steel chair steel
chair
I killed Miley Miley is dead you heard
if Rasputia
on the top rope can Miley survive
Rasputia suede catchy oh crap screwed up
now Oh Miley Miley where you going
Miley what are you doing back there oh
crap she's got a ladder
she's got okay just gonna leave the
ladder here well how bad you guys like a
bitch
ha ha ha ha wait wait can I climb the
ladder I can climb the ladder oh you're
gonna regret this decision Miley oh crap
screwed up no Miley stay down
wait what are you doing Miley no no no
alright come on I've got one finish left
this better do it faceplant bitch you
got owned she's dead now she's gonna be
dead she's gonna be dead come on come on
come on
1 2 3 ding ding that we have a winner
winner
Rasputia yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah so
unfortunately my Cyrus lost on her debut
career as a WWE Superstar
I'm sure she'll find something else to
specialize it she seems to do everything
nowadays but anyway I want to thank you
guys so much for watching please feel
free to hit that like button if you
didn't love anyone this video feel free
time a comment if you want more dub that
we and yeah I shall see you my next
video thanks for watching bye
but you but the particular idea
