hello everyone my name is Marcel obvious
leader how do you not know who I am I'm
like famous and we have some more gta5
for you guys and last time we were
playing as Trevor we got a job as a
police man and I have some sad news
actually we got fired from that job if
you ask me I have no idea why anyway who
cares
that we don't have a job do you know why
because I mess yourself has just
completed the game that's right I am now
have nearly 30 million dollars I'm Bolin
I am Bolin her so now we can finally
live the high life without ever thinking
of going to work
oh babe oh fuck - the man promised me a
red
me
Holaday oh man I have everything a man
could ever want thirty million dollars
actually you know what's better than
thirty million dollars forty million
fifty million or even 100 million and I
know exactly how we can get that you see
my French chef gave me a little bit of
inside information this information was
that all of the airline stocks are going
to plummet near to nothing
all but one airline fly us you see if I
buy all these stocks at the moment it is
pretty much guaranteed that this airline
stocks will increase because of its
competition so we will make billions now
we just play the waiting game
ah man I love being rich never having to
work not having to wake up early in the
morning you know what I think it's time
to check the stock market to see how
many millions we've made so far
no no no no this cannot be what the hell
happened look at the stocks be worth one
cent chef made sure that this dog would
never plummet like the rest of them
quickly let's check to see if we've got
any money left we must have some money
left 139 dollars Morgan I have a hundred
thirty-nine dollars
I'm sure I save some money my bank based
on this what am I going to do I have a
business to run
I have a lifestyle to live up to none of
my friends are gonna want to talk to me
if I have no money
oh my god what am I going to do what am
I going to do what am I gonna do what am
I going to do you know what guys there's
only one thing we can do get a job oh my
God look at me I look fucking ridiculous
I can't believe people actually wear
these kind of clothes I had to sell my
car so now we have to take the fucking
subway to work oh this is Ark so badly
what the fuck you lookin at man you scum
ah shit oh why is this train taking so
long oh hey girl how you what the hell
did I you know fuck is the Train yeah
yeah I never actually rode the train in
a GTA before I'm actually pretty excited
don't mind these dead bodies just a
couple of rude people at the station
wait what what the hell
what were you guys doing what the hell
man I didn't do anything wrong what that
why they're getting scared
seriously man what the hell is wrong
with people that take the train you know
what this is actually quite nice who
knew that riding the train was actually
pretty fun yay we're here wow that was
quick bye everyone
oh yeah before I go fuck rum roll please
introduce Trevor's new job a garbage man
hey it's not exactly the best job in the
world but it pays okay and that's pretty
much all I care about
oh look here's my first house oh I can't
wait to get to work now how the fuck do
I get this bin in the trunk
maybe no Trevor don't climb it why is
this so whoa look at that when fucking
flying you know what let's just blow up
the trash you know either way we're
getting rid of it you know you're
welcome bitch oh my god look it's
Franklin's house that is so weird
I'm Franklin's garbage man Franklin you
in now it doesn't look like he's in
Franklin is gonna be so proud of the
quality service that I offer you know
I'll just throw a couple of bombs in on
his door just to be safe man for the
first day I'm sure a good fucking
garbage man whoa whoa hey what the hell
Matt wait wait don't shoot don't shoot
no shoot okay okay okay
what the hell why the hell they
arresting me all right apparently we
can't just go up blowin up trash
apparently that is somehow dangerous and
you know a long story short we got fired
from being a garbage man so um yeah
we're gonna have to try out something
else and here we go again having to wait
on stupid public transport just again to
bloody work ooh bacon triple cheese melt
like
sounds quite nice I have to get one of
those after work hey man how you doing
on this fine day what the hell did I do
wrong wait a goddamn second is that my
bus that's my bus with me driver wait
for me what the hell are you doing you
know what I should be the driver for
this bus get get the hell out of it man
hey wait what are you doing no no don't
think about coming back in here ah you
motherfucker
get the hell out of a bitch okay being a
bus driver is not my job
obviously I stole the bloody thing get
ready to see what vehicle I am riding
though here she is
look at our look at this beautiful car
and it's all mine mr. Phillips reporting
for duty guys can mommy so there's a
Japanese right now oh my first job
awesome oh hey baby how you doing let's
go please hey hey hey rude hey shut up
here we are bitch aw we're gonna be
rolling in the money's a hundred and
sixty dollars is that it you fucking
bitch you know what there must be
another way of getting money we can't
keep working our asses off like this
every single day hang on a second
I have rich friends what am I talking
about
Michael and Franklin I'm pretty sure
they'll lend me some money Michael get
ready your bestest friend in the whole
wide world is here to pay you a visit
whoa Michael nice haircut you look so
handsome
so anyway Michael I need to borrow some
money not not much you know just uh just
a couple of million Michael um I don't
want to annoy your or anything but uh I
really need this money Michael why are
you ignoring me Michael please I need
this money wait Michael no please I'm
sorry my god ah ha ha
Michael I thought we were friends
Franklin my main man Frankie
how you doin Frank star so yeah listen
man I'm in a bit of a sticky situation
and I need to borrow some money
yo Franklin man you're sort of ignoring
me here please man I really need this
money Franklin Franklin you there wait
no Franco please let hit me
frankly no why does everyone what me
okay guys we're going to go get our hair
cut you know why because we are going to
ask the only person you usually ask when
you don't have any money
mommy please mommy I need some money
mommy no mommy well guys this seems to
be the end of the video I mean usually I
end the video on a high note where we
solve all of our problems but I
literally have no idea how we can solve
our no money problem so yeah I guess is
the end I guess this is the end of the
video wait we're wait hang on a second
if I press start right and then if I go
into game and then if I press load game
I wonder what will happen
yeah lid guys we got our money back and
it was that easy Wow why didn't I think
of that earlier well anyway guys I've
got to end this video here but oh yeah I
want to thank you guys so much for
watching this video took me a long time
just like all my GTA videos so please
leave a like if you want more if we
reach a certain amount of likes I will
do more and leave me a comment to tell
me if you want more because I care about
comments more than light so anyway I
will see you in the next video thank you
so much for watching bye
