in 2002 a crack commando unit was sent
in hiding for a robbery that they didn't
actually commit these men somehow ran
out of money and are now forced to pull
up one of the biggest bank jobs in
history today still wanted by the
government they survive as soldiers of
fortune
if you have a problem if no one else can
help and if you can find them maybe you
can hire
what do I do with my life
hello everyone my name is Michelle and
today we have got some more GTA 5 and
today is what is that day like I said in
the intro we have run out of money so
yeah I don't know where Franklin Michael
and Trevor have gone I had to hire out
the a-team look it's the a-team alert as
message mr. t there I'm pure fool i BRE
love Who I am mr. t uh calm down
so we're today we're gonna be robbing
the Blaine County Savings Bank and we
can't just walk straight in there and go
and steal the money that's just utterly
ridiculous we need to plan this shit so
let's go and plan this shit
all right boys listen up here's the plan
this bank job it's not gonna be easy
when we rob this place there is gonna be
a policeman everywhere you look so we
need to be prepared firstly we need some
bulletproof suits unfortunately can't
just buy these
luckily the army do deliver goods like
this all the time so always do edge is
still one of their trucks and then we're
good to go in terms of the getaway
Franklin I mean mr. t a bit of a bit of
wool yeah you'll be in charge of that
the bank is just near the coast
so our getaway vehicle is probably gonna
be a small boat but mr. t ax be ready to
improvise if things go pear-shaped so
all we need to do now is
choose a shooter we have two choices
Gustavo are ya Gustavo Gustavo is a ex
Army soldier I think and he knows his
way around guns and then we have Daryl
yeah Daryl's black so yeah you will just
choose Daryl we'll just choose Daryl
okay I think we got a solid plan so
let's get a move on bitches okay guys we
have to be very sneaky because we're
stealing from the army okay we don't
want to do anything that's gonna make a
lot of noise oh shit oh shit oh shit uh
we're good oh thank god oh my god oh my
god oh my god that they are then they
are that they are all growl what do we
do why don't we do what do we do our
border for Herpa derpa don't know what
to do okay okay I think we can have to
slow them down maybe cut them off oh
shit man hunter my little girl is okay
okay okay okay calm down calm down calm
now that's just the army you know just
the American army quite possibly the
murder the strongest army in the world
it's not a big dinner and things are a
big deal okay looks like we're actually
doing this
okay all right we're doing this all
right three two one she does she does
shit oh shit they're all shooting at me
okay there is all of them holy crap
there was a lot of them I thought there
wasn't that many of them but apparently
there was a lot oh shit oh shit oh shit
it was a bad idea this is a bad idea oh
crap oh crap oh crap
ah you know what it's fine it's
absolutely fine look they're going down
really easily we're not going to regret
this decision come on come on they're
all dying there we go let's steal this
truck oh crap I'm not looking forward to
this oh my god they're gonna get me I
can feel it I can just feel it any any
second now they're just gonna come
around the corner oh hang on a second
we're here well that was easy
all right sweet we're done so looks like
we're ready to hit that bank job boys
this is
it's this bank job will make us very
wealthy men we can't afford to mess this
up
before we start I just want to say that
I love each and every one of you but
this is only going to work if we trust
one another will we get caught
quite possibly will we die quite
possibly is it too late to back out well
yeah look we're all dressed and shit we
have to do this you know what I'm not
good at inspirational talk such as
fucking go already
all right Franklin this is your stop get
yourself in that boat and Franklin if
things go pear-shaped you must improvise
okay you need to remember that man oh my
god
looks like we're actually gonna do this
Oh okay boys you need to calm down all
right
it's gonna be easy just trust me you
need to have some trust in me all right
oh my god
all right all right okay boys we can do
this
we can do this hands up where I can see
them everybody on the floor on the floor
this is a bank robbery don't you dare
think about moving open this door get
the money go go go get the money we're
doing this oh shit oh my god no no no
this is not good there's so many police
no this is not gonna work oh shit oh
shit oh shit well this is it no sort of
montage can fix this wait hang on a
second
have I ever used drum and bass in a
montage
oh my god oh my god oh my god why why is
it always the black guy that has to die
I'm sorry Darrell I'm sorry I can't
leave me like this Darrell Darrell ha ha
ha sorry Darla have to go
I'm so sorry there oh I'm so sorry
we need a miracle there's no way we came
to this Shore we need a god damn miracle
mr. t is here bitches
are pitiful are pitiful no one messes
with my home is a pitiful pitiful
alright get in get in get in get in
quick quick quick quick we have got no
time to waste we have got no time to
waste there is a lot of people here oh
my god is that attack are you big
serious a tank
I said tank a thousand another one oh my
god there's another one that's another
one or my bloody God there is our time
quickly quickly in this warehouse Oh God
we're improvising I don't know what
we're doing we just just get in the
warehouse I'll crap I don't like this
our plan is going to shit - contest shit
go go go shoot anyone you can any
opposite you see you shoot them there is
no way that I'm going down for this
there is no way that I'm going down for
a bank job we deserve this money
the a-team deserve this money we are
going to do this there is no way we're
getting caught this epicness we've come
so far all of us all of us just coming
up oh my god I cannot believe we're
doing this come on we could do this we
can do this everyone is pitching in we
could do this God we're so close oh we
gonna gather on the goods train
get on the train come on train everyone
on the train get on the train oh my god
have we done it I've done it
oh my god oh my god we've done it we we
fucking done it oh my god
oh my god that was the most intense
thing I have ever experienced in my life
oh my god Wow well guys we're rich but
to be totally honest what am I going to
spend my money on
okay guys that's pretty much it what
we've got today if you did enjoy this
video it took me a long time if you did
enjoy it then hit that like button and
if you want more GTA then leave a
comment okay leave a comment just to
tell me if you want it more because it
takes a long time and I want to know if
you appreciate it so yeah I want to
thank you guys so much watching
subscribe if you're new and I will see
you next time bye
