everyone my name is myself I'm a back
playing some sleeping dogs way Shen's
feeling a bit sick from honest hideaway
Shen yeah yeah he's been coughing all
day
so um way is very sick and he is sick of
his fucking apollomon look at this
fucking shit the apartment they expect
me to stay in this apartment look at it
it's all so today we're gonna go get way
pimped out man we're gonna get them an
apartment and that's fair - car and
that's new clothes but first we're gonna
go leak our shit oh yeah go you take out
that dick away I fucking love that dick
sorry what actually before we start this
video we'll do the fucking routine of
buys our fucking tea junkie either way
up give me some tea man Thank You
Wasabi's thank you very much for your
teeth Mr Man TT Toyo IRT haha fuck do
you add to your BIOS slap okay I should
probably stop talking now it's getting
our borderline racist I'm sorry T man I
just fucking love Chinese culture so
much why isn't there a tea man in the
corner of my street look how fucking
shit we look in this gay or scooter man
so guys if we want to get way out of
this shitty apartment we need to get him
some money first
all right and Hong Kong right there's
only one way of getting money isn't that
right babe
oh shit oh shit
miss you all right speaking of money
don't mind me just gonna take your purse
sorry
so yeah like I was saying the only way
of getting money in Hong Kong is through
cockfighting
hello sir yeah I'm in buddy let's go
play with some cows
okay Oh his birds are best okay which
one do I pick don't know with the pig
okay he has a strong strong bird but his
bird always wins
how much oh excuse me what okay then
we'll hook his cock is clearly the best
shit I pick I don't know what to pick
what the hell do I pick
all right sorry black okay we now have
some money because those guys drop the
money after we win a slightly medal on
them so we can't go out adventuring
without an empty stomach
oh wait hang on a second hello girls Hey
Oh a prostitute yeah it's a prostitute
oh yeah take my money bitch yeah yeah
baby let's do this shit I'm gonna set
what she sold me a drink
I want a shitty drink woman I know I uh
here we go here's some food
noodle ball yeah
yeah I love you oh my god it's delicious
man it's absolutely delicious you know
what I love Chinese food
I don't shine E's food I love Chinese
I love fried rice i love to have chow
mein okay now that we have the money we
can finally go spend the money how much
money have we got like two million I
think so I got a check yeah there we go
two and a half million Hong Kong towers
okay let's go fucking spend this shit
really Brannon another montage anything
that's getting a little bit old yeah
that's what I thought anyway what are we
gonna do now there's not really much we
can do what's that way you're feeling
lonely oh no way not this again we can't
get you a girlfriend way every every
episode every every video I do is
getting someone a girlfriend what do you
think I am like keep it I can't get you
a girlfriend all right fine fine we'll
go to the club and we'll see who's there
okay here we are way stands at the club
come on baby we're gonna get some
pictures at the club where's here baby
come on where's the bitches at oh hello
YouTube goddamn how you doing I know
hang up are ya can't wait to this shit
man let's get it on what are you doing
my friend what the hell are you doing
this guy's this guy's in the middle of
the club by himself singing to himself
what the fuck is that shit hey Cisco
what the hell is this guy doing oh hang
on a second hey bitch how you doing
do you wanna maybe go out sometime no or
a fuck you alright didn't want to have
to do this guys but we're gonna have to
bring out the big guns that's right my
epic singing dinner today we're talking
away
I do shine it away tag hard me
fifty-one percent what the hell how am I
supposed to find any woman with I can
only sing up to 51 percent oh come on
that's that's bullshit man that is
absolute bullshit you tell me that
wasn't better than Miley Cyrus sorry way
looks like when I'm gonna get you a girl
after all
oh wait now hey this one hey girl hey
now wait calm down now all right
usually these girls run away - just calm
down just go up - very slowly and just
introduce yourself
no way no let go of that poor girl right
now way this is not the way to pick up
women what have I told you no don't you
dare offer look what you've done you've
heard that poor girl way I'm telling you
this is not good this is not good way
let's just let it go please for the love
of God's Way just let it go no she is
not gonna go in your house way I repeat
she is not gonna go and houses let it go
the poor girl doesn't know any better
just talk to her good you let her go oh
no let it go away let it go oh shit oh
shit no you're holding the poor girl oh
shit oh shit oh shit oh shit let it go
away please for the love of God way
you're gonna hurt her please please wait
this is not the way to do it please
oh shit you see way you happy with
yourself look what you've done you've
killed the poor bitch or poor girl
anyway guys gotta end this video here if
you laughed any pause video please leave
a like and yeah I'm gonna go back to bed
and wish I lived in Hong Kong I wish I
was Asian and my makeup I don't see how
