oh my that's the way motherfuckers hello
everyone my name guess what is miss
yourself and welcome to some more GTA 5
today we're gonna be playing as Michael
and today is a very very special day
ladies and gentlemen today is me and my
wife Amanda's anniversary so tonight
we're gonna go out dinner maybe some
dancing you know it's gonna have a
wonderful time but look at me I can't go
dinner and dancing looking like this oh
look a state so let us commence the
makeover montage
hang on a second why is gangster music
playing Michael's not a gangster let me
see if I can find something more
appropriate okay now we are here before
we go on our date with a m-- and we we
might get some action tonight so if you
know what I mean I don't want to shoot
my load early if you know what I mean so
uh yeah let's quickly uh took the old
horn before let's see it's go within and
there don't worry I'm not doing anything
that's suspicious or anything oh yeah
baby goddamn look at their titties oh
yeah I'm gonna fab the shit out of this
man
I'm gonna fab the shit out of it oh god
damn look at that sexy girl goddamn look
at that sexy oh god damn look at that
ass man haven't I seen that ass before
foxy mama 21 age 43 huh Amanda just
turned 43 unsatisfied mother of two I
have the body and the mind of a girl
half my age but my husband's too wrapped
up in himself to notice he spends half
his time drinking by the pool and
ignoring me well I'm done
looking for a fit athletic man who knows
how to appreciate a woman in a sexual
prime I love yoga no no this cannot be
Amanda Amanda look at this look at this
please tell me it's not come out here
come out now to make me do something or
regret look what I've got
I've got a whole weapon throw this
grenade in here oh fuck
you made me do this you made me I didn't
want it but you made me we used to be so
good together you made me do this alone
you made me you made me
what you respawn you know what fuck that
bitch you know what we don't need Amanda
okay we don't need that woman in my life
look at me I'm such a gorgeous man I can
get any woman I want any woman I want
and I will show you just that hey girl
I'm just trying to prove a point I'm
good-looking
you're good-looking let's go out
sometime come on baby let's do this shit
come on baby oh hell no Kibaki Lubitsch
Kibaki little bitch
you know I do two runners ha ha do you
know I do the runners bitch that's what
I do remember the name Michael de Santa
remember the name Michael de Santa
hey baby come on let's go sometime come
on baby let's do this shit ah hey oh no
bitch fuck you bitch you stupid ugly
bitch didn't like you anyway when it go
up now bitch huh ah here we go here's a
classy lady well hold up a second on top
a thing go hey go on second come talk to
me hey girl how you doing uh-huh yep yep
okay all right all right all right girl
if you want just shut your face for a
second and you want to maybe go sometime
maybe
oh no okay wrong decision bitch Walker
scissor motherfucker you remember me now
bitch huh remember saying no to me now
bitch oh hey girl hey girl crossing the
street man come talk to me hey girl how
you doing gonna run away from me now
okay fucking run away from catcher
oh you want to say no to me again all
these fucking girls all they want to say
no to me I'm a classy man man I am a
classy man know what I'm sick of this
shit if you want to get women you have
to go to their fucking dime wrangly come
on baby let's do this
do it do it yes yes yes yes come on baby
give it to me give it to me give it to
me yeah yeah fuck fuck fuck mother fuck
yes
oh my god Wow I'm tired
wait bitch where do you think you're
going anyway guys I gotta end this video
here yeah if you want more GTA funny
moments videos and if you laughed at
this video or cried in this video then
please hit that like button and I will
be sure to make more if you are new
subscribe and that is pretty much all I
gotta say thank you guys so much for
watching and I was you next time bye bye
