hello everyone my name guess what is
mesh yourself and today we're gonna
create our GTA online character don't
know what to expect I haven't tried it
yet because everyone's like oh did the
freezin and I'm like dude I haven't
tried it yet but they're like don't try
it because it's to freeze it so let's
try this shit heritage lifestyle and
appearance god damn look at this she's a
boss already let's start with the
Heritage what I have to sort out their
fucking grandparents what the hell I
don't even though my own grandparents
look like oh my god I mean yeah I mean
she's beautiful god damn oh what's that
over there I don't know what's that on
my shoes
man what's that on my shoes I really
need to buy some new shoes hey what's
that over there
oh no maybe it was nothing I'm gonna go
back to looking at my shoes what's over
there oh no never mind my shoes oh my
good what's up with this guy he's a
Superman holy shit guys dizzy
Oh feeling dizzy what's going on haha
okay I think she's absolutely perfect
the way she is let's go back and let's
fix her lifestyle now what is this girl
what is she doing her spare time let me
see she is a party animal yeah got down
to the pond animal she's gonna be
pouring eight hours a day god damn this
girl
I'm Shaniqua and I'm going to go party
every night
uh her girlfriend okay this is Shaniqua
she sleeps all day and then she parties
all night oh yeah god damn that Shaniqua
and when she's not sleeping or pot in
she is uh with her friends and family
she is socializing because she is
independent black woman
let's saw out her parents now our
goddamn
oh yeah shaved bangs girlfriend I got
this new haircut it makes me like Oh hip
and shit oh yeah glasses oh my god looks
like a man okay we're gonna stick with
these retro Kanye West glasses this is
it guys this is a good girl to have
Shaniqua yeah let's do this shit oh fuck
how'd you supposed to make watch maybe I
don't know Shaniqua are you ready yeah
girlfriend she is raped go party ah
unless you paid you to online yet so I'm
surprised you are and I'm not sure if I
should talk because interval I don't
know doe I'm just happy to be playing it
oh look it's cuz own intro oh yeah
what I'll ignore that a rendering issue
what the help in GT online you can carry
out jobs with or with oh I stopped
reading it what the hell is wrong with
his bitch why isn't it rendering in time
you know what it's just been released
I'm not gonna complain I'm not gonna
complain at all but damn look at this
car yeah goddamn in this car you can
change odds with jobs you create
yourself or bet on players to win who
fancy that's a fast as shit man
oh yeah man playing with this pen miss
racket woman going after rich oh no she
missed that damn that bold guy is so
happy holy shit there's the motherfucker
play we're SHINee Chris on the brain
ah Shaniqua oh yeah we're gonna go to lo
Santos I'm gonna party shit up this is
this is Shaniqua story alright she's
into Los Santos because she was bored of
living in the suburbs and she's come to
Los Santos to party oh yeah oh yeah Los
Santos International Airport our year
our year
I'm probably being really annoying in
this video oh I mean I mean that like
not like in a stalker type where I'm
just I'm just saying like you do look
good oh you know you know we've been
friends online for so long you know it's
time for us to take our relationship a
little bit further you know like in like
sexual ways you know Shaniqua why are
you talking girl that's neither here nor
there
am I supposed to voice you despite the
rejection I'm still gonna help you get
settled in but thanks letting off might
not be the flowers type girl but I got
something else for you
hi yeah welcome to Los Santos yes
oh where we go now yeah buddy now here's
some action baby I love you okay we'll
be doing mail or Nothing race game
Shaniqua hello anyway guys looks like
that's all we've got time for today I
will carry on the Shaniqua GT online
series if you guys want to so be sure to
hit that like button if you want to
probably play it when GT online sources
self out but anyway I want to thank you
guys so much for watching and I will
next time bye bye
