oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
in this mess yourself in today we are
gonna be reacting to to catch a cheetah
now if you guys have never heard of to
catch a cheetah
it is basically a YouTube channel where
someone a relationship will test their
spouse to see if they would cheat in a
social situation now I think this
YouTube channel is pretty dumb and
stupid but everyone lately has been
reacting to young girl setups her
13-year old boyfriend
to see if he'll cheat okay now why the
hell have they got dumb young 13 year
olds doing this dumbass show but yeah
everyone's watching it let's react to
this dumb shit okay so that's the
boyfriend's mother she's telling him she
has to go to the car okay that's how
they're saying this off apparently okay
but mom I want to go home and play fort
my god
okay so she helped with setting up okay
all right cool sir oh this is hello he
loves me it's a 13 year old boy
okay I'll surprised if he doesn't cheat
hi hey hey what you're doing at the park
Oh a squad workout yeah I work out yeah
I play basketball when someone flirts
with you and asks do you work out that's
like an adult thing okay I don't think
it works as a little kid okay what they
mean by like actually working out not
just playing
dumbass basketball work out yeah I work
out yeah I do cheerleading I got this
dress yesterday like at huncles oh yes
no 13 year old boy thinks of blame
dresses awesome okay he's worried about
bloody shitty fortnight okay
he don't give a shit about your bum
dress oh yes yeah I have a shorter one
but my stupid mom wouldn't let me wear
it
okay she's a bit of a ho you know they
got real hard to do this and she um how
old are you oh I'm 12
Oh like younger girls I could go for a
twelve-year-old if I already said that
you weren't see me the next day cuz I'll
being goodtime jail oh I could go for a
12 so you probably have like a bunch of
girls so you probably have like a bunch
of girlfriends right kids you know go
out with each other you know they just
approach them and then the next thing
you know you've got a girlfriend
I'm pretty sure this is how 13 year olds
date you know I can meet a girlfriend a
girlfriend
Wow girlfriend now it's given the number
oh yeah when you give you a number you
know as a 13 year old that's like that's
all over okay that's the worst thing you
could do as a 13 year old give someone
else your own number are you ready hit
it
oh do you like romantic songs do you
like this boy does not like romantic
films do you yeah I love romantic films
oh great oh great they're great ones too
notebook we should see oh my gosh my
favorite movie notebook is his favorite
movie this is the biggest shot on the
scene it's my favorite movie but his mom
confirms he's never even seen it okay
man this guy's a nut shell man anything
you can do to get a girl's number you'll
say it okay come on now oh my god let's
watch it can I give you a hug yeah can I
give you aa
Oh God look at her face she's like oh my
goodness and this is like hmm god damn
stupid boyfriend and this car that's the
fakest shit come on now
all right come on now is the dumbest
13-year old iPod me wants to say don't
be dumb and cheat on someone but come on
now it's a 13 year old boy okay do you
not remember what it's like being a 13
year old boy any girl just even talks to
you alright you just think it's a dumb
13 year old okay come on now all right
so what they've actually done is they've
actually made a follow-up video to see
what happened with this girl and it
looks like she may have found another
boyfriend all right guys so we're back
my friend Sarah and we're done all up
just to see what's happened since you
guys know yeah we know okay so parenting
this is being filmed a week and a half
later so there's no what happened none
did you break up with Jada they're still
together are you still with Jaden or did
you break up uh yeah no no which one you
dumb bitch this is your new voice oh my
god it's been a week and a half okay
this is what I'm talking about you're 13
you wrote is it really that hard to find
another girlfriend it took a week and a
half for this girl to find another
boyfriend and you're trying to tell me
that 13-year old relationships unreal
okay all right so what's been the
biggest difference between dating Jason
is not any more keys
he knows how to treat a lady I'm sure a
thirteen-year-old know how to treat a
lady
serious relationship okay
what am i doing my life I'm watching a
bunch of kids dating oh my god she
shared his lunch with me
wow man my life's pretty sad Oh
I didn't say anything you know he
doesn't deserve to
Wow okay interesting
right on okay yeah you go girl but let's
be honest the real web guy is this guy
cashing in on a bunch of you know kids
cheating on each other okay this guy's
the weird guy think about it this
situation was fake okay that girl was an
actress alright this guy basically broke
up their relationship just because he
wanted to make a youtube video out of it
okay otherwise that would have happened
you know give me your advisors yeah
never stay with the cheetah cuz you're
fire always find someone better
okay well that clip made me very
uncomfortable but yeah when you're young
relationships don't really matter I'm
gonna be totally honest okay you can
just date whoever you want alright cheat
on whoever you want it doesn't even
matter it's no in a real relationship
okay come on now or the next clip that
we'll be watching is girls reaction to
her boyfriend caught cheating now the
reason why I picked this clip because
apparently this is like the only clip
where like the relationship was actually
faithful and they didn't cheat alright
let's just watch it she thinks that I'll
see ya alright let's see how we did on
the cheating thing I have a question um
have you lived here for a while two
years okay do you know where the nearest
Starbucks is okay great um is LA pretty
cool or you're just rocking the Boston
well it's good on you yeah but I'm from
New York this is so casual conversation
you know it's kind of dangerous okay
does that mean we don't have a chance
yeah welcome to LA okay leave me alone
okay I'm just trying to sit enjoy my
coffee ain't no right to plan tonight oh
gods you plannin your goal man he said
he has a girlfriend
thank you your girlfriend Wow let's say
see you're honest about it yeah it is
nice
how long have you guys been dating for
two years actually two years two years I
see yourself marrying her Oh finally we
have a faithful boyfriend okay this show
makes guys look so bad like every guy is
gonna cheat okay I would never cheat
okay where do you make other make make
it look like every guy's an also okay
most guys are like this come on now I
know you have a girlfriend but Oh tears
a little bit boring if you want my
number I'm down to give it you know yeah
so are you
Oh
yeah I'm fine disappointed we didn't get
a clickbait youtube video out of it okay
I was kind of disappointed okay
no one's gonna watch this oh wait hang
on a second we did get a clickbait video
because in the title they said that that
he cheated even though she didn't
because they were caught cheating but
they didn't but listen guys alright they
still need that click bite title okay
leave them alone for sure yeah yes we do
get a lot of these guys who don't cheat
we just never post those videos because
they're kind of boring
we don't post those videos because
they're kind of boring
okay you guys all want to see that okay
you know you guys don't wanna see that
two people in love you want to see two
people are not in love okay I think II
know I guys I don't know why I started
reacting to this okay this video is
pretty dumb I'm not gonna lie or I lost
to catch a cheat a video we're gonna be
watching is testing boyfriend goes wrong
now this video is pretty popular alright
apparently something happens in the end
let's watch it alright yeah probably not
okay this guy's got printe and he's
trying to sell it to this girl listed
for 120 okay yeah I only have $20 oh oh
oh this goes a bloody hole you work out
yeah okay so that's what I'm talking
about okay you work out all right that's
a very blatant flirting thing but
doesn't really work with kids okay cuz
they don't they don't work out I don't
like the show I don't like the idea of
you know couples cheating with each
other okay that's just me now what why
do people find enjoyment in this so this
is just mean I don't like it I mean you
don't have a girlfriend
oh come on brah
okay come on just be loyal with a girl
okay we're gonna pray she's like what
how hard is it to stay loyal with a girl
okay and if you want to be with someone
else
break up with them why are you wasting
their time and your time being with them
okay don't just use people they're
people
all right they have feelings if you want
to be on them just break it up
beforehand no she is pissed now I'm sad
guys oh no they're going inside no no go
inside microphone there ask me what to
do they shouldn't know I mean I don't
know how bad that is feel bad okay my
book just went into a room with a
stranger that she just met it's pretty
bad I think does how it is homeless how
it ends
what'd he do no I never cheat on you
I want to spend the rest of my life to
do
what a crap what will you marry me yes
this girl said yes as a proposal he
thought it would be a good idea to fake
cheating on her and then at the end of
it say I'm joking will you marry me this
this guy's a keeper I'm tired right now
damn this looks so fake yeah I love you
that old you know set this up just
forget in five years man this this shows
so dumb okay what a dumb show all right
that didn't look real at all anyway guys
I think I'm gonna end the video there
that was to catch a cheetah I'm gonna
put their YouTube channel down in the
description down below you can go check
them out if you want to see more of
their content I don't really like that
type of stuff not really for me but some
people do heads why these videos get
millions of views but yeah don't cheat
on anyone alright if you're gonna have
temptations of seeing other people and
break it off first okay do the mature
thing anyway guys thank you so much for
watching I'll see you in the next video
buh-bye
