hello guys my name is mesh so like you
didn't know that already and welcome to
this comment section thingy majiggy
where I showcase your very nice and
weird and wonderful comments in this
sort of video just to show my
appreciation for having comments but
before I start guys I just want to
mention that I do have a Facebook page
and a Twitter on my Facebook page a show
like previews of upcoming projects and I
also post funny pictures like this one
yep that's me my face plastered on a
woman with big breasts with a Barbie
background I don't know I was born okay
and everything I post on Facebook goes
straight to my Twitter so I don't know
why you wouldn't follow me on both so
follow me on both so let's start the
video do more this are funny
I love then thanks wait when did you
love them do a subscribe earlier today
and then love your videos because you
try out is girlfriend I had a loving
orgasm JK but circe you are hilarious
and entertaining keep up the great work
what the hell's a laughing orgasm I
don't want to tap one or do I if I saw
you in real life I would rape you you
know what's funny about this comment is
that some guy replied saying I would
love so hard my sombrero fell off and I
dropped my burritos
you Americans and your burrito man you
deserve what subscribers since you're
freaking hilarious
every time I watch one of your bids I
laugh you've gotta love this one then if
you're watching barrel pies nothing
you've made my week you are you to
legend damn you're good bro at YouTube
my girlfriend is going to twerk on my
team
what the hell it's like he was writing a
comment saying as well his girlfriend
walks in just twerking just goes oh oh
crap my girlfriend she's gonna twerk on
my dick I swear to God if I Iike
unsubscribe I will turn myself that's
how fucking funny you are don't stop
making these hilarious ass videos I
won't baby girl this is a comments
section where English scholars go to
diets not very nice law do more of days
goof it's for nay
hee-hee-hee-hee-hee aha okay maybe
you're partly right I am so happy I
subscribe to you posting live most of
most if not all make me laugh until I
cry oh no don't cry for little old me
if you don't feature my comment in your
next video I will eat your firstborn
child well joke's on you because you
rule mess smiley face hang down top
three YouTube out there
mystic and a half-man
Brandon serves author only happy Pete's
alter internets yes we are man
the only habits on the internet cities
the engine entities what the fuck am I
talking about
why did someone just like this this is
funny
and epic and good don't dislike this
funny video I've got a huge crush on you
your smile is so cute and your laugh is
very infectious
I'm sure all the ladies say that though
yeah of course of course it was probably
not the best idea to watch your videos
while I'm brushing my teeth huh okay
guys that's all I've got for today
if you ever want to be featured in one
of these comments section thingamajig
E's next month then just leave a comment
any comment on any of my videos and I
will probably read it because I do read
most comments so yeah I won't thank you
guys so much for watching don't forget
to follow me on Twitter or like the
Facebook page if you haven't split up
and I'll see you in my next video thanks
for watching what am i doing right
