hello everyone and good morning today
I'm gonna be showing you an average day
for Michael as he has a lot of stuff
that he does in everyday life so let's
start this day get ready bitch is coming
your way
OOP ah shit fuck izzzzz Oh
what what what the hell miss miss miss
miss miss miss miss miss miss was dissin
business ah shit Oh
no more running now we're running come
on start the goddamn movie boring start
the goddamn movie for goodness sake I'm
gonna fuckin toddler's so I keep be
considerate no master bang for fuck's
sake easy easy easy easy easy easy
ah crap my back ah oh you know what
screw this yoga man I won't do the
stupid yoga in the first place
god damn when my life gets so boring
it's the same I'll shared every day with
tennis yoga a cinema we can't masturbate
man when my life gets so boring Jimmy
you in here
ah seems to have gone man this kid all
he ever does is play computer games and
smoke weed hmm now I couldn't possibly
think about doing some other I mean I'm
an old man
the music no no Gail what alright
alright alright I'll do it I'll do it
just don't fucking play the jaws theme
now how do I do this if I remember right
I blow oh yeah how powerful dish it is
ah man I'm gonna regret doing this shit
man I'm Superman
hahaha oh my god oh shit I feel too good
oh ah ah
where am i oh whoa what the hell what
the hell monkeys get out of it
get out of it this isn't real Oh oh shit
no real aliens oh thank god it was just
a dream
hang on a minute where's all my hair
gone oh my god I'm freaking Max Payne
aah oh it's just real this is real oh my
goodness oh my goodness this is real I
thank God I'm like fuckin Max Payne
again had a dream that I was in a
fucking terrible video game oh shit oh
man I'm never doing drugs again
oh hey aliens so much shit man how long
was I out it's fucking nighttime let's
go do some missions or some shit I'll
look there's a mission over here okay
let's go fucking do the shit hello
legalize weed no you cannot I am talking
about a hotline straight to heaven
the are makes illegal no I thought I'm
not interested no I'm not interested in
weed no no I don't I'm not interested
you fucking you fucking yes right I'm
making up words now I'm not interested
suck my fanny no I will not suck you're
funny
well I get things to take care of in a
little place called reality yeah I want
to go back to that no I don't and
Michael Dunn yeah good good good good we
learned a couple of things you know
Michael we learnt a couple of things
Oh paranoia and a weirdness a passport
to Nirvana no please do not do it
Michael
you know Michael we just went through
Epiphany why would you do this we just
had an epiphany
no not this again I mean not this again
true they're nothing serious oh shit you
fucking on cotton oh shit
Oh Michael what have you done what's
this and it's and it's a bug aah aah
are you fucking alien cunts you fucking
ruin me ah no I don't have your boat
docked it again I don't have you
abducted again
leave me alone aliens leave me alone
come here you fuckers you things won't
work on me motherfuckers I will kill all
of you aliens you hadn't already defeat
me
UN is honor defeat me ha ha ha ha you
aliens ain't got shit on me
motherfuckers what you gonna do bitches
is that it is that it I'm done I hope we
are oh man why did I take these drugs ah
shit
and after that you see the liquor
companies push for continued for walk
just complete insanity ha ha ha I take
it I can count on your cycle up the
Heather you do it just happened ah what
are you talking about we discussed
globalization the state stay the fuck
away from me ah yes my goes no more
drugs yeah in your face motherfucker in
your face no more weed for me you
motherfuckers what you gonna do man
we're gonna do we're gonna do you mad
Roach you might throw your might bro mad
bro why you mad bro this is why I think
of trolls bitch
running away no one's gonna see me okay
in no seriousness kids if you're
watching this video do not do drugs
it does crazy shit to you he listening
to me you're listening to Michael look
at him he's a fucking estate alright
don't do drugs anyway I want to thank
you guys so much for watching hit that
like button if you laughed any points
video and I'll see you next time bye bye
