hello everyone it's mesh yourself here
and welcome to this vlog you love my
face don't you
you love my little face so um something
remarkable happened to me last night
it words cannot describe what happened
to me last night all of you guys who
don't know the big man himself ah that
was my beautify impression gave me a
freaking shout out if you haven't seen
it watch it now
messy yourself he makes like look at
that shit that's titties I like that
this is the day in the life of Snoop
Dogg anyway I'm gonna get in my car
shaky funny I was sitting in my bed last
night and I was like literally it was so
absolutely crazy I had thousands and
thousands and thousands of people coming
on to my channel leaving such nice nice
comments I've got the stats right here
today today if you are watching this
today others uploaded the 21st of
September I think today I'm the 43rd
most subscribed YouTube channel gained
today
I mean I'm beating channels today at the
moment like CaptainSparklez
roosterteeth machinima machine but in
all honesty guys I really do not care
about the subscriber growth I didn't
enter PewDiePie's competition just to
grow more subscribers I just wanted to
do it to make more people laugh on this
channel my aim my goal my the thing that
drives me is to make people laugh enough
I can make more people move I'm a happy
man
so the reason I'm making this video is
that there are so many people coming on
to my channel and I really want them to
watch a certain couple of videos before
they subscribe because guys I really
don't want you to subscribe impute if I
just sent you and you haven't watched a
mic on
because like I said I don't want
subscribers I want viewers I want people
to laugh but I won't be able to find me
funny you know just how you watch PD by
because you find them funny I want you
guys to watch me because you find my
funny side guys let me just tell you a
little bit about myself my name is mesh
stuff or you can call me Brandon some of
my subscribers do I post funny gaming
videos that's pretty much it just funny
gaming videos I make it into like a
funny moments montage kind of thing I
try and do everything different each and
every single video and I really want you
guys watch some of these videos before
you subscribe or maybe you have
subscribed and you've already watched
these videos because a lot of people
came up to my channel yesterday so the
first two videos I really want you to
watch is my how to get a girlfriend
tutorials now there's this joke on my
channel where I play is this pretentious
mail guy where I try and pick up women
in video games and I made two videos
where I had to try and get a girlfriend
and this was in GTA which I uploaded
yesterday and the one in Saints Row 4
which was turned out really good so I'm
going to give you a little preview of
the GTA 4 video if you want to click on
it you can click on on the video if you
wanna click on the video or if you're on
mobile it's in the description below I
would get a girlfriend and I will have
sex with them and I shall do it the only
way I know how yeah I'm that individual
that you don't want to see up on a
formal Mack Sennett up over bullshit
nigga it can be get back here right
better on a clock any minute I can with
it yeah I did a different motherfucker
whorfin
I hear - hunter wait a minute they wanna
talk motherfucker just gonna have signal
still on the block of the guys shit so
if you found that funny you can
obviously click on it or you can watch
the or tan to which the saints row for
picking up women
oh hello beautiful damn we don't see
many of you around here holy shit
damn look at this girl so fucking slut
oh my god what the hell could it be
could it be my dream has come true
steel paws full of balls
y'all
well
we were
whoever you are
giorgia i have played some games that
pewdiepie is also played if that might
interest you for example pewdiepie did a
let's play on a game called bully and I
did make two videos awkwardly the first
one got a lot of views and the second
one that got a lot of likes I personally
think the second one is a lot better but
I shall show you each of them now here's
the first one you know what this girl
this girl she's the only one for me you
know I'm in love
wait a second nananana now this this is
the girl for me wait a minute wait a
minute wait a minute this this is the
girl that I wanna be with oh mama
now this girl this girl knows a thing or
two this is the girl for me
shit I even know your name and I'm gonna
be with you and here's the second one
oh man oh this camera's absolutely
hilarious you know what let's go and
take some pictures
oh yeah girl work it yeah I like the way
to that shit oh look at your titties
girl damn look at them titties oh yeah
beautiful just come look at me look at
the camera that's it look at the camera
oh yeah oh baby I don't know you but I
like your titties yeah I'm gonna chill
it oh damn you're a hostage for that
light them titties oh yeah look at this
girl oh god damn she hold it but I like
them it is - oh yeah look at this girl
yeah work it girl oh yeah you know what
to do with that shit oh mama look at em
titties goddamn looking at it like I
said before I don't do Let's Plays but I
have done two in the past for example I
did do a game at peep I also played
which was called lucious it's a game
where you play like an eight-year-old
boy and you kill people and it's so much
fun I would definitely recommend you
watch it if you haven't watched his
let's play of it already here is a
preview of the first episode oh my god
what the hell what uh uh what what ah
what the hell Uncle Tom Uncle Tom what
Uncle Tom banging the maid in the game
wha wha hello I'm here bitches
hahaha I just walked in on them what the
hell and I also have a series on Sims 3
which a lot of my subscribers actually
do enjoy and it's a story where I have a
girlfriend and I call her slut and she
expected to the slut and then we just
get up to a lot of shenanigans here as a
preview oh my god oh yeah bitches yeah
and I also like to do a lot of
subscriber appreciation videos I have
this series on my channel it's like a
monthly series where I take every single
YouTube comment I get and I put it into
a montage of the best funniest moments
and it really shows my appreciation for
having such epic subscribers here is a
preview of that mess yourself is fucking
please love your videos my favorite
subscriber never deleting you until I
die if you raped a puppy you can still
make it Alerus Wow thank you so much so
guys that's it that's pretty much all
the videos I would recommend new
subscribers to go and watch something
that I want to say before I go though is
that my subscriber base is one of the
nicest to subscriber base on YouTube I'm
not even saying that before people if I
get PewDiePie gaming the shout out we
had such a close community and now that
I've got thousands of thousands of bros
coming here I couldn't have asked for a
better fan base to come over to my
channel because the bro army is
absolutely amazing and I know that you
guys are going to keep up this like be
friendly to everyone don't start
arguments you know we're all friends
here we're all viewers were all close to
each other just don't start arguments
trust me you are not going to get
attacked on my channel I cannot I don't
have it I literally don't have it anyway
that's pretty much it okay goodbye now
actually you know what I'm gonna do I'm
actually gonna end this video for the
first time the third and last time with
a broad face and I want everyone to do
it get up your fish get it up get it up
I'm looking at this video pick it up get
up
good
anyway I'll see you guys next video
