hello everyone and welcome to GTA 5 I
was thinking
playing as Franklin and all that frankly
needs a woman in his life don't you Dan
Franklin I mean Michael has his bitch
ass wife Trevor has Patricia but no one
likes Franklin look at him he's sad we
would nobody move me so today we're
gonna go find Trevor a girlfriend I mean
look at him he's beautiful
he's a beautiful man it's not gonna be
that hard so let's go try and find some
bitches where's the bitches at man
where's the bitches
Franklin's on a mission he's on a
mission motherfucker oh hello hello girl
hey girl hey girl how you doing
okay thank you
where are you going bitch come back girl
we can work things out girl I want a
relationship with you why are you
running away from me no fuck you bitch
you saw nothing bitch you saw nothing
keep driving yeah that's right keep
driving you can't bitches bitch jeez
there's god damn no bitches around here
you know what let's go to the fucking
beach because you know what we know what
they say about girls in the beach
they're fucking sluts taxi take me to
the fucking beach man what's your
problem
oh my god what's the hell's wrong with
this face
yeah here we go bitches yeah god damn
it's a cock fest with all the ladies
that man I don't want to see his fucking
cook I want to fuck you looking at man
where's the bitch is that where's the
Kitab bitches Jesus Christ I see one
girl where the hell's the girls oh hello
oh is a girl oh my god she's much
fucking cracking
hey what the hell I haven't even tried
on you yet why does every go walk away
from me walk away from me now bitch oh
let's check here
yeah where's it oh my god look these
guys it's not what I have to do oh my
God look at this girl holy shit hey girl
I like I like a woman that cares about
her physique hey girl how you doing you
want to maybe girlfriend okay let's try
this shit again man
and this time us actually try and find
some bitches oh hello
hey girl hey hey move aside man move
aside move aside hey come come back here
man I try to talk to you hey girl you
are fine looking ass bitch I may come
talk to you for sex talk to me girl hey
girl hey girl
where you going where are you going go
hey go hey what's up behave it any boy
she running why do they always come back
in Ulan fucking bitch it's we fucking
cats oh my god damn look at that ass I'm
gonna creep on the beach I'm gonna creep
on the beach I got you bitch look at
these fucking kids smoking man you ain't
gonna get any bitches like me but keep
on smoking yeah that's right better walk
away walk away punk kid hey you got a
nice bike is this whose bike is this
this is anyone's don't mind if I take it
then bitch hair
fucking bitch call me that again
motherfucker call me that again you
bitch
come back here fucking cunt get up again
that's what I thought bitch call me that
again motherfucker man what a shit day
man I can't believe didn't find any
bitches you know what let's just give up
today and then we'll try again tomorrow
but first actually let's go on the
internet for a second I want to do
something I won't be it won't be long
guys just one oh wow quickly see what
comes up here chains of intimacy oh hush
mush what the hell's this your woman
won't put out someone else will this is
it
we found the jackpot oh my god god damn
look at these sexy ass women $500 shit
that's a lot of money oh god damn
alright fine let's do this shit let's
see here no no don't want any of these
bitches come on girls upload a fucking
picture what's wrong with you girls oh
god damn yeah look at that dirty bitch
whoa yeah yeah oh yeah I love it oh yeah
actually guys just give me about 10-15
minutes I need to quickly go do
something
okay I let's see here let our Scrope
this bitch yeah keeping out my email
yeah well oh what the Fox is frog doing
it oh god damn look at this bitch okay
now what we do is we just wait for one
of the girls
it's a fucking email me
this website I checked my money it's
been like a week and this fucking
website took my money I've gotten of
emails they all women they just come in
take your money and then they don't give
you anything
frankly I'm so sorry I'm so sorry
Franklin chop-chop
come here job you're the only one that's
ever gonna love me don't leave me chop
don't leave me like every woman in my
life
come here chop I love you I love you so
much you're never gonna leave me you're
never gonna leave me go fetch boy go
fetch Oh chop be careful be careful
crossing the road chop chop
what the hell you killed my dog
she'll be all right on job you're alive
the only person that loved me damn you
all damn you all to heck
don't worry chop don't worry
as for I will avenge you I will get a
girlfriend and I will have sex with them
and I shall do it the only way I know
how
yeah I'm that individual that you don't
want to
uber bullshit nigga dick if you give me
my spider on the float any minute I get
with it yeah I did a different other
fucker wolfen I'm gonna hear the hunter
wait a minute I just wanna talk
motherfucker just sick minute still on
the block of the time stand now stop
uppity the room go on the machine for
the guys to bitch up in the club for the
kind of bitches you can act like it--to
shit don't beat up on me when I'm
leaving with the home anything you run
it to the door I can take some tank
where shit what's this look the nigga
ain't big no ball coming through the dog
pooping give ourselves but come house
niggas on the wrong I hit and all long
and because the nigga don't spit slow-mo
think you were the niggas in so so my my
my father even in the prank get the fuck
over tried playing on wall
yeah we did it baby look suffers number
we finally got a bitches number oh man
yeah so what she's a stripper but we got
a fucking number
yes get in man let's give her a ring hey
this is the see if sapphires there so
far yeah she's busy yeah we just had sex
man I need to call the straightaway mad
chop will be proud of me man kind of
missing but uh oh well oh man I'm gonna
miss that sweet son of a bitch
hang on a sec chop shop you're alive you
must have responded something on so glad
you're okay man good you keep me in the
first place
chop guess what I have the girlfriend I
had sex with my girlfriend last night
ruie yeah and it's all thanks to you
chop man I absolutely love you man Oh
what am I going to do without you anyway
guys I want to thank you guys so much
for watching and thank you for being on
the journey of getting a girlfriend in
GTA if you laughed at any point in this
video then hit that like button full and
subscribe if you're new anyway I will
see you in my next video bye
