hello everyone and welcome to GTA 5
today I'm gonna be teaching you guys and
showing you guys some GTA 5 cheats I'm
gonna be showing you a few if you go
into the description of this video right
and it will show you all of the cheats
that I found out to date and I will keep
updating this video so what the hell's
this card doing I don't run me over so
what I do is I what I would do is I
would add this video to my favorites so
you can keep coming back to this video
and keep on checking out the cheats so
I'm just going to show you four cheats
and the rest of the description for you
to fiddle your willies with so I'm
playing on PC ps3 and the buttons are a
bit different to Xbox but I will show
you both on screen the first one will
show is lower wanted level now cheats
are different in this game that they are
actually how they did a bit old school
they are entered manually by pushing
like 10 buttons which is going to be
quite hard I don't like it this way but
I guess it's cheat and they don't want
people to cheat I remembered this cheat
so let's start off with the lower wanted
level so first we have to get a star so
let's get a star a man he went down like
a bitch hey give me your star up for
fuck sake give me our car for I need
this star bitch okay I ran a couple of
people over now I have one star so the
cheat to lower wanted level is r1 r1
circle or two right left right left
right left and there we go my wanted
level is now down now for Xbox is RB RB
BRT right left right left right left pan
into a song I don't know you have to
find out you have to fucking remember it
somehow so that is one cheat that I'll
show you now I'm going to show you run
fast cheat which I actually haven't
tried yet which is triangle left right
right l2 l1 square yes fast run so and
for Xbox you can see it's on screen why
left right right LT LBX so how do I do
this X oh my God look at me go oh my God
look at me it literally looks like I've
been sped up so this is fast run as I
said it's all in the description below
you didn't have to watch this video I'm
just going to show you a few just to
show that what
we look like I basically chose for the
ones that I think are interesting look
at this guy runny is like a happy
motherfucker anyway my third sheet that
I'll show you is super punch which I
really want to try out so which is right
left X triangle r1 Circle Circle Circle
l2 uh yeah explosive melee attacks and
Xbox as you can see it's on screen so
let's try it on this motherfucker hey
how you doing how you doing die bitch
whoa oh crap the wondered level and for
the last sheets my beautiful sluts
it is spawn stunt plane which I will
show you can spawn vehicles yes you can
and other vehicles are in the scription
below like I've said for like the third
time in case stupid comments posted so
wishes circle right l1 l2 left
r1 l1 l1 left X triangle that was I
doing right no so circle right l1 l2
left
r1 l1 l1 left left X triangle okay here
we go here's the stunt plane so yeah
these are just the board sheets that I
decide to choose like I like I said
before I there's no point me wasting
your time you can go description add
this video to your favorites and I'll
keep updating it with new cheats so I
want to thank you guys so much for
watching and yeah don't forget to
subscribe for more funny hours GTA
videos and I'll see you in my next video
thank you goodbye
