I can't believe what I've done I've
killed my only son I mean yeah sure he
was annoying at times to kill it
my only son my life Inc is my only son
I'm not even sure what found abortion is
me to kill him I mean yeah sure I tried
to kill him several times but look
there's his gravestone that got anything
about that he's gone too good he's gone
for good and I can't do a thing I can't
do a thing to get him back I'm sorry
baby slut I'm so so sorry
yeah babies love dead bitches now it's
time to party we're gonna party like
it's 1999 motherfuckers you know what
I'm gonna do now that babies love is
dead oh yeah we're gonna move we're
gonna move houses bitch we're gonna move
to a magical place the big ass
and we're gonna have no jibun in that
big Anthony because a big baby stutters
no now go whither he was hoping us back
but not no more
go good so guys I bought some new DLC
and when I mean I bought it my friend
gifted it to me so I thought it'd be a
good idea to start up a new house with
me slut and the failed abortion I keep
forgetting so I shall show you my new
house did you get all that yep right you
got all that okay good so um and this is
my new beautiful house isn't it just
lovely you're probably thinking damn as
yourself
you're like an architect or some shit it
couldn't have made this by yourself well
you would be you know it is important
really I don't think it's that important
did I did I not make it myself who the
hell cares you know haha so at this DLC
I got was the late night DLC which adds
a lot of useless shitty stuff run what's
your problem man fucking slut watching
TV we watch it fucking some shitty
program so you get added a lot of a lot
of new stuff for example you can have
sex in different places which is
obviously the first thing that catches
my eye mind you can go to nightclubs
you can meet vampires for some reason
you could become a celebrity all this
shit I don't know why but we can so um
obviously I will show it in the future
but today what I really want to do is I
want to go and party because babies love
dead bitches so where do we party we're
party in the nightclub bitches look at
me coming up in the club coming up in
the club with my big-ass car
my fancy car oh yeah we're gonna hit the
club motherfuckers
we're gonna hit the club's ah yeah ah
yeah look at me answer fuck - cool new
car smell damn straight new car smell
look at this car terrains beautiful
absolutely beautiful can hit the club
baby
okay seem to be at the club okay let's
go to the friend where you running off
to it's not why you why are they running
actually you know what we can do we can
we can woohoo in the elevator oh yeah
here we go we can have sex in the
elevator with this new DLC I forgot
about that shit oh my god I also I
downloaded a mod where it doesn't censor
stuff so maybe we will see some
uncensored stuff oh my wait your turn
man let he's complaining about our 7/6
oh my god what what the hell slap
rejected me he being serious I snuck it
back in you stupid oh he's crying Oh
Brandon I'm so sorry slut
you fucking bitch what the hell was
wrong with you okay I think we need to
warm slut up a bit first before she has
sex with Brandon I think she can have
sex with him straight off the back can't
believe slightly slut man look at you
you straight back into his arms
you filthy slut can't believe you out of
all the times you didn't refuse sex with
Brandon
the elevator was the one that you were
that he was too far you fucking slut I
swear to god we're gonna have sex in
this elevator whether you like it or not
you filthy whore okay let's try this
shit again alright after they're done
making out we're gonna have sex in the
elevator come on do not reject him slut
I swear to God oh she's getting excited
filthy slut she's getting excited Lea
little whore aren't you alright come on
at 6 the elevator come on guys get out
of there we got business to do we have
business to do motherfuckers
all right let's see the ship Oh Brandon
I think it's gonna get rejected again
isn't he Oh Brandon oh oh oh yeah oh my
god oh my god that is brilliant
that is fucking brilliant oh man I can't
believe I got that I completely forgot
we could do that shit oh yeah oh my god
what the hell what the hell was that all
about okay this is getting so weird I
have no idea what the steals is done but
this is getting really weird so the real
reason why I wanted to go to the club
was is that there is a hot tub in the
club and guess what with this new DLC we
could have sex in the hot tub yeah
bet you didn't know that but we need to
get into the VIP lounge which is the hot
tub
so yeah it's gonna be a bit hard getting
past this fucking bouncer right here all
right to get into the VIP lounge well I
think we're gonna have to do is we're
gonna have to bribe the the bouncer
let's see what he says what she says
even to the bouncer come on slut get
your face over there okay here we go
here we go oh offering a bribe oh shit
slow you got robbed man haha a camera ah
look if you hover over the hot tub you
can time to go skinny-dipping oh yeah
we're gonna go skinny different bitches
actually is that really good idea
because I have this mod installed where
it shows naked people I shall be fine
I'm sure we'll be fine
you two please don't take down my video
okay I've decided to not go
skinny-dipping this everyone's gonna go
in the hot tub okay so how do we get
this shit done slut I want you to cuddle
with the little little Brandon in the
hot tub oh yeah we're gonna do the shit
slut you never fail to impress them
so now what should we do more whoo-hoo
can we go straight for the whoo-hoo oh
my god we can try for a baby in the hot
tub that's disgusting I don't want to do
that cuz you know how I hate babies
let's just go straight for the whoo-hoo
start off a little kissing ahh ahh ahh a
slut man damn you're an animal twice in
one night
you really are an animal holy shit I'm
really I'm really tempted to see what
sex is gonna look like in the hot tub
now that I don't have anything
uncensored I'm gonna go look at my hand
my hand is on a leg then look at it
god damn Brannon you filthy animal all
right now let's see if we can have sex
it's gonna look so weird because it's
not going to be censored this is gonna
look so weird
okay here we go here we go here we go
here we go here we go what the hell what
there oh my god what the hell this is
the weirdest sex ever okay then that was
probably the weirdest sex I've ever seen
holy shit what the hell what
okay guys got in this video here if you
want more Sims 3 then be sure to hit
that like button and yeah it's pretty
much what I asked once it goes so much
for watching and I'll see you next time
