okay hello everyone how was the
wrongdoing in this master selfie today
we are back with what would you do when
these bloody shitty situation
Sardi's CS legend well we are back with
what would you do I have made three
videos on what would you do already I
think this is gonna be my last one in
fact if this video reaches let's say
30,000 likes I will keep continuing this
as a series okay but yeah it's probably
give me my last video on it okay the
first clip that we're gonna be watching
is something that you guys have been
requesting that I react to what nanny
says child is naughty because she's
black
now this situations funny because I kind
of want to see how people will react
because if I saw someone being publicly
racist okay I would not hold back I'll
probably punch them all right that's how
annoyed uh pissed off I would be okay so
let's go watch this video but nothing
prepared us for this final scene okay a
band of mothers who start out as
complete strangers
so I hate me in your nanny I know where
Tracy appears no I'm her nanny so these
women have just noticed that this nanny
is being mean to this child and they
step in alright so not really a race
thing yet so I can't wait for that to
happen this woman no this is the
commotion from across history other
member announce wooperz is that Rebecca
woman screaming attention around the
child The Nanny tries to defend her
action and then throws in the oh here we
go
the race card you know how they are I
okay
even yeah time to break yes time to
break the scene okay
hi there John okay this is what would
you be are you okay in the TV show calm
down bitch you came at her like a
tigress
he's my person she was gonna hit us
better I almost hit her thinking I
should throw this on the street what you
know have to be very careful our house
okay you get it alright yeah yeah yeah
like I said if I even saw someone being
publicly races I would be able to
compare myself okay I would be this
close to punching that person but I'm
pretty sure I would go into jail if I
hit that person but I would be very
pissed off and angry or in the next clip
that we're gonna be watching is what
would you do if you saw a child being
abused by their foster mother okay now
like I actually want to foster a child
when I grow up okay I think one of my
children I do want to take from a foster
family but yeah I hate how like there's
some people who abuse that you know and
yet this would be so messed up a
situation let's watch it okay so we've
got this crazy mom and a foster child
okay what does everybody want Oh are we
gonna get to talk about Sunday and a
root beer float I wanted to get that too
oh no you can't
because he's my real son in your my
foster kid you saw a woman mistreating
her the ostrich is really gonna certain
amount of money from the government and
I'm not spending it on you what would
you do
by okay if a woman's publicly like
shaming her foster child okay like I
would be so confused up a lot why are
you even here why are you doing this in
public you weed woman this first paper
has been listening in I don't understand
what he can get anything you want
sweetie he's my real son you're my
foster kid okay all the money on you I
just can't do that but I'm a family
you're a foster kid technically you're
not a part of a favor you know poor the
families okay once we send Emma away
from the table okay her daughter
everything she wants we can buy you that
iPad okay what a weird thing to say to
your child he has no problem telling
Angela what do you think oh calmly and
quietly go all right
I'm spending it on my son
yeah yeah there's a yeah you're right
that's what the money job this is how I
make money taking care of my family
that's reference and then they're up and
out G hustle they catch up yeah like I
was angry okay and I blame him actually
Jesus Christ I think that's why I would
I politely tell her that I hate you as a
person and I think you should die I
think that's why I would do we hustled
and catch up high it's sort of a time
for every TV show okay don't worry okay
that bitch of a mother wasn't actually a
real mother okay well certainly glad
that it's not true why is it important
to speak up for a stranger that would
seem to be self-evident we live in a
civilized society where we have
for each other like I was nice okay a
part of me feels like this show is kind
of bit fake okay a guy was really calm
when he found out he was on TV but you
know some people think that the show's
real I feel like they kind of like fake
little parts of it but I don't know I
think that's something that you guys can
decide in the comments all right I feel
like for the most part it's authentic
and real but that one kind of seemed a
bit a bit weird to me so what are you
thinking about well there's a bright
Sunday can I get that - no sweetie
you're gonna get the potato salad but
maybe can i order something else the
whole if you don't stop arguing with me
I'm gonna put you back in the foster
care system I told you to 95 potato
salad
that'll be enough she calls over the
waitress oh it's gonna complain okay
they just want to move
Oh oh no all they all survived my look
I'm so confused what's with all the
cameras suddenly decided not to intrude
we don't we tell usually against the
kids that says something thank you it
was the scene on the channel get in the
car in 50 years
I can't expect Ronnie's alright to go
jump in all right because granny's
alright just sitting down you know I
have in there meal for the day alright
then they're not gonna all of you would
do anything okay
it's gonna be old granny bitches and go
sit somewhere else our family now sells
in at the calendar saw from her table
this customer has no problem paying
close attention okay what's happened
please Savior now one of those two we've
already been through this you're my
foster child but it's my real oh no I
got my screw she wants one but she can't
have her I keep telling her I only get a
certain amount of money and I'm not
spending it on her right now my mom
comes in your step away don't order
anything okay and don't touch his Sunday
okay she calls the waitress over what do
you want to
she wants to get your nice cream cheese
today whatever you want
Emma thanks sir this girl I think that's
what I would do actually okay if some
mother's been some stinky ass bitch with
a foster care money
oh just black all right bitch I'm gonna
buy her an ice cream all right I'm gonna
buy a bigger ice cream then your stupid
kid okay because I have money
hi there are you someone would say why
are you helping a stranger
yeah she's a kid I had Oster kids
growing up you know in my house whoa my
mom had two foster kids there were four
kids and two foster kids whoa no man
should be treated like that ever
Wow she comes from a foster family man
see what someone's talking about man
like a child from a foster family
okay she's they've got enough problems
you know like they they don't have
parents you know so why would you want
to be mean to a child and bring a child
into a family just to be mean to them
you know like man just give him some
credit and empathize with this poor kid
you know choose something under $4 okay
lost time is that it again oh but then
when is he gonna get it and this fathers
face says it all shocked if you keep
asking me I'm gonna put you back in the
system okay
he sits back you know I guess if those
seems to struggled and hold back what
he's thought over your head you should
be happy about that
oh and finally he can't hold back any
longer
Oh
can I buy her whatever she wants
we're actually on a budget we have some
money I just it doesn't matter I'll pay
for it
well you should I don't actually get
involved I'm not getting involved I
don't wanna buy whatever you want okay
yeah yeah did you bake jumped over to
the child just get what she wants okay
you tell her she watch me yeah yeah
Angela leaves and this generous man
steps back up and offers even more
thank you so much and we've got to thank
him too for much more than just the
money why are you so pretty ugly kiss
crier who never won anybody
yeah if I could take you home yeah okay
people that love him dollars about that
was for her to whatever she wanted that
is so cute he gave her $50 man like yeah
like a part of me would want to go in on
this mum
if the mum is being like that public
with with with with this shit you know
like I would like tell her you know
she's being like like wrong and mean and
a horrible person and I just do not like
you as a person but yeah to the daughter
like I think I would also give her some
money and buy or whatever she wants man
so this is the exact reason why like I
wonder I genuinely want to adopt a child
when I'm older you know III think if
everyone just adopted a child you know
there wouldn't be any children you know
going to bed every night not being loved
you know so I think adoption is
something which I think more people
should do you know I'm definitely
definitely gonna do it I can't wait for
that day but yeah but what a great what
would you do I love that guy at the end
man like what a nice guy I think if I'd
like to relate to someone it would be
that guy because I would do the exact
same thing or last video that we're
gonna be checking out now what would you
do is again sticking with the
foster-care theme foster care cruelty
now I wanted to watch this video is
because it has 18 million views okay a
lot of people have watched this video
and yeah I think it actually has one of
the kids from stranger things in it you
know you know you know one of the kids
from stranger things
this is old hair where's french fries
and milkshakes okay okay okay don't get
greedy over there I only get so much
money a month for you oh this is a job
taking care of you okay so it's the same
theme all right some mom doesn't want to
give her kid you know free stuff at the
the restaurant because she can't afford
it or whatever you can get whatever you
like you're my real daughter
wait well it turns out this austere
mother is in it just for the money just
for the money if I adopted you I would
stop getting paid oh she witnessed
someone mistreating their passed HR
woman okay what would you and I do
crying okay oh man I just wanted an ice
cream come on man see this one oiz me
about this show is that summer this
never happens in real life
but when it does you know like I would
be pissed if I saw this ignorant woman
okay I would be genuinely pissed thank
you so much for bringing very excited
about his trip to the restaurant chalo
yeah can we do
yes but this woman is about to learn our
Caleb there's a very different set of
all she's because she's my real daughter
she gets things that you don't get her
left oh oh
hey stop men yeah I don't think I would
say something now now you're being a bad
influence to my daughter don't do that
well she was showing me it doesn't
matter what she was doing it matters
what you were doing oh she watches us
Tracy and Ava get full meals Oh this'll
be for you but Caleb was the wife only
gets a side order of fries
side order of fries did you see the
signs that fries okay American portions
man seriously you guys are all over the
way how come I can't have a hamburger -
whoa because I only get so much money a
month stop you need to be more
appreciative and if I send you back
no one's gonna adopt you Oh with that
the woman is up and pacing around the
room wondering what she's thinking when
she approaches yeah haters must be so
hard
yeah he's fine I'm sorry if he disturbed
you
hey did you start me you disturb but
he's not my real son I can't lie to him
and say I'm gonna keep him forever
foster kids all the time I know how to
do this before she makes that call it's
time to introduce her to you okay get
different notes I don't like John it's
what would you do alright you know this
happens I know people who have been
foster children and they felt that their
parents treated someone in your
household yeah treat them like make sure
no one else okay they're so true man you
could see like the pain in her she was
like she wanted to say something but she
was like we reset the scene okay and our
mom lost continues to treat her foster
child as a second-class you have about
four dollars maybe you can get whatever
you want okay oh this woman and her
mother are clearly listening in can I be
excused after these
oh when Caleb steps away say something a
little over 700 they hear a lot more
well I keep him under $4.00 then we can
do whatever we want to you might get an
iPad out of this an iPad and you know
kids love iPads you know but you're
probably watching me on how does he know
that okay come on Stacy say something
come on stand up when Caleb comes back I
really want to hear murder please
is there one under $4.00 no she helped
but joy you're gonna give a massage no
she is a kind offer for Kayla what it
was I want your name
now you're on it obviously it bothered
you
yeah and I'm just gonna have a write his
name number down and what were you gonna
do with that I was gonna call it a
reporter oh okay
what do you see what you're gonna tell
him who'd do that in real life I do
think a lot of people do it for the
wrong reasons they think they're gonna
make money and it's a very sad to me
because the kids did the ones that
suffered oh that's sad I mean yeah I was
probably putting too much pressure on
that to actually say you know you should
adopt this kid because that's a big
decision yeah I would reporter and I
would also buy whatever his kid wants
okay come on man this is such a stun
sommes dum dum dum situation now chaos
returns he just can't take it's
predicted all that so this man like I'm
in tears I couldn't I couldn't publish
you don't do that I shouldn't I could
stand that well we'll let him do the
talking
yeah she was a pussy no no I understand
I'm just trying to teach him a lesson
imagine how he feels have you heard this
so far his entire thanks I just need the
money
it couldn't be more right oh I feel so
bad I wanted to tell him that he was
important and better than that I knew I
had to start with her but I just wanted
him to hear someone speak up for him
because all people are worth respect oh
man don't you wish there's more people
in this world like this guy man like
that that's exactly how I feel and and
like if only just everyone this earth
would just think that same way man the
earth would be so nice of a place you
know we're old once again okay last time
now send you back and this next woman
immediately Ozone's into what's going on
here okay how many times have to explain
this to you oh this is my real daughter
you're not gonna be treated the same
you're a foster kid okay man it doesn't
take her long tonight so man your
behavior to this child is unacceptable
this is my foster child he doesn't need
to know that if you chose to take
carrion then take care of your dumb
bitch and your job is to make you feel
secure and comfortable exactly and if
you can't do that then don't do it then
send him back in the system until they
find someone who will love him but
you're belittling him you're making him
feel less of a person your real child
immunity birth him time two minutes you
can say any better man I feel like this
kind of stuff would never ever happen in
real life but like I mean it does happen
but I mean like it wouldn't happen
publicly but yeah man like some people
do you know just foster foster children
because of the money they get from the
government those people are just
lowlifes who litchi
can't earn money any other way just take
it
Oh protect him / - he needed someone to
step up for him you got me yeah it's a
good actor man sly and got the stranger
things roll I think he got this role
before stranger things the capacity and
the means to take this is our future
right here this is our future right here
what a great message okay ladies German
I think I'm gonna end the video there
that was what would you do the the
foster thing is like something that I
already care about a lot you know I
think more people should foster children
you know because like like we forget
that there's some children out there
like that we don't even see you know who
do have like really bad lives you know
and like if we all doctor the child you
know and made that life of that child so
much better you know the world would be
such a better place and there would be
no sad kids in the world you know but
yeah like if you can't foster a child
you know like don't worry about it but I
think if you can you should either way
though thank you guys so much for
watching leave a comment on what would
you do in these situations and I'll see
you in the next video man so Larry guys
bar back
