hello everyone and welcome to the
YouTube headquarters YouTube invited me
to their HQ oh my god it's so big
holy shit it's thunder shit I better
quickly get inside
yeah they invited me over so just just
to talk over a couple of things like a
bit of run love this song yeah man they
do it really great in YouTube looks like
they've got different rooms which room
should I look at first YouTube bulletin
board and I really shouldn't be looking
at that bulletin board you know what it
won't hurt I won't hurt oh there must be
changes to you to change remove video
responses unsubscribe people from
channels why would they do that reason
Yolo oh okay more changes YouTube comedy
week YouTube's geek week and the reason
for this
I have no idea maybe they forgot to give
a reason anyway moving on change YouTube
layout 2013 change YouTube layout 2014
and the reason for this change equals
good well that's how they do it in
YouTube I guess let's go check out
YouTube's motivation facility Oh looks
like it's like quotes from YouTube
complaints mean your customers agree
well I'm not sure that's entirely
correct this sign was recommended for
you okay
pretending to care is just as good as
the real thing
well alright every YouTube employee gets
a salary of 301 Plus hey so lock skip ad
in three two one
don't seem to skip anything sign
buffering loading in 1080p alright
everything broken can be fixed except
sub boxes thumbs up if mess yourself
bought you here
PewDiePie PewDiePie PewDiePie PewDiePie
you recently read a sign maybe you might
like the next okay
there is no you in YouTube what what
okay
YouTube's number one competition pornhub
well I guess they're you should put
their pro straight what the hell is this
kind of shit man it is a joke YouTube's
idea Center ah here we go
insert new YouTube ideas here
it seems to be empty and revert back to
the old YouTube requests go ahead okay
what is this oh shit shit not funny
YouTube not funny
I lost my invitation I lost my sword
what the hell is this shit
god dammit let me get in there
partnership enquiries oh yeah actually I
have a couple of things to say about
this all partnership issues are dealt
with networks what then what's the point
of having this room partnership
inquiries push-button for network
requests okay oh god book
congratulations you are now a YouTube
network you can now claim money for
doing absolutely nothing just fill in
work sheet of paper work for them and
see the money rolling is okay I guess um
I guess I have a youtube network now
okay let's check now YouTube Executive
Board meeting quite a lot of racket
coming in there I don't know what's
going on oh my goodness
excuse me hello can anyone help me I
have a couple of issues I need to
discuss regarding YouTube can anyone
help me and now you're all busy being
circuited but I need some help help me
get out of the way get out of the way
get out get out of my way I need to get
out of it can y'all get out get out get
out holy shit get out of it oh my
goodness Oh
customer services now this is where I'm
supposed to go oh my goodness um hello
it's really empty in here can anyone
help me so so can you help me
you don't look fit to be running
customer services sir
no offense anyway I'm leaving now okay
I'm the next room now what's this one
secret formula for viral videos oh my
goodness
I didn't think this was real I thought
this was a legend I thought this was a
min I can't believe the YouTube
headquarters has the secret formula for
viral viral videos oh my god oh my god
oh my god oh my god I want to go in I
want to see the formula
or should I go in Oh how about I get
Scott I must I must think about the
YouTube videos I could make the viral
viral viral YouTube videos come on let's
risk it let's just do it man I can see
the light and you see the tunnel the end
of the light every single video we can
do is going to go viral come on I can't
believe YouTube has done this keep this
a secret oh my god I'm scared to present
but I'm so happy we now know what the
hell get me out get me out get me out oh
my goodness look at all these cats what
the hell why is Yugi dwith kept all
these random cats here what the hell
okay the last room YouTube data center
ah hello what the hell guys the data's
on fire
ah YouTube data your data's on fire
hello YouTube what the hell why is
nobody a YouTube consulting this problem
you've got gaping holes in the floor
guys is a fire um guys your data's being
ruined why are you guys not keeping okay
I think it's time to leave you leave the
YouTube headquarters leave the YouTube
headquarters we must leave
with all these cats let's get the hell
out of there man
Jesus Christ one way in no way out
um okay guys it looks like I'm stuck in
there YouTube headquarters um I want to
thank you guys so much for watching
YouTube what the hell are we gonna do
with you
ah
yeah
Oh
