hello everybody my name is Michelle and
welcome back to sims 3 if you don't know
or have never watched one of my Sims 3
videos don't worry you're not clueless
here is my fiancee slut
and here is the maid which we had sex
with last episode let's see if slut
doesn't he think no you're not you're
just gonna ignore the woman in the
lingerie you fucking dumb bitch you dumb
bitch
as you can tell we hate this fucking
girl stop looking after my black baby
who dare do you think you our woman do
you think your mother I know what you
are so um look at this fucking bitch
this fucking maids making yourself at
home fucking bitch anyway today is this
very special episode a very special
episode can you notice anything
different my house if you have watched a
previous episode oh you can oh yeah
what's this in the background that's
chimneys what's this is this stairs
what's underneath these stairs you may
ask downstairs or have simulated the
perfect dungeon where I will simulate
every possible death you can do in sims
3 little this baby slug know that he is
now coming home cycling little does he
know that he was marching marching into
his own death finally finally we can
kill this ugly piece of shit you ugly
fucker you will die ha ha ha you little
fucker
you are going to die ok let's fucking do
this shit already
oh fuck this baby so much I hate you
it's gonna be very soothing to kill you
finally man I've asked this comment
section time and time again you think
you're going to bet you think you're
going to bed always going to my dungeon
bed haha so I will show you my dungeon
anyway there are five
deaths in the normal version so this one
is for starvation this one I'm gonna try
and get him to electrocute himself this
one is gonna drown to death this one
he's gonna burn to death which is gonna
be the fucking hilarious one and this
one he's going to die of old age you old
man
I can't wait to see what he looked like
an old man so I said this in a previous
episode you can't kill babies for some
fucking reason I don't know the fucking
child services come they're like oh shit
man you can't keep an eye on your babies
I'm gonna take away y'all babies so who
I know I didn't store anything I got
sheet enabled where I shall make him go
into the next age so let's turn baby
slut into a teenager what's going on
it's failed abortions birthday oh my
gosh it's birthday Oh
slut at least lookup failed abortion
why's going up like a slut
oh I'm angry I don't want to go to bed I
mean baby soon that's so cute
ah you know what guys I actually like
failed abortion you know not as annoying
as baby slut is slut however is just
doesn't give a shit about fucking fair
the Borgias birthday anyway when when
for baby slut wakes from his sleep I am
going to turn him into a horrible
teenager okay baby slut has now arisen
from his fucking sleep so if I press
shift click on him and then motive
trigger age transition here we go here
we go he's gonna fucking turn into a
baby's birthday too bad you're going to
die on your birthday you ugly piece of
shit oh my god shut up I hate you so
much just grow up already why are you
coming no one cares about your birthday
look Brad is upstairs
upstairs oh my god oh my god I can't
wait to see the mess look at him
oh are you queer with your fucking
puffer jacket look at this shit look at
him he looks like a fucking monkey I've
given birth to a monkey you are
disgusting always hungry oh you know
this is perfect actually if he's hungry
then the first death should be
starvation fucking get out of the door
no we're going wait are you fight oh
right oh no nope bad baby slut bad baby
slut No close that door
stay there good you fucking idiot I'm
gonna take this dog and I'm gonna delete
it and now we wait for him to die okay
guys I've been waiting here for god
knows how long and I think he's gonna
die I think baby slut is going to die
come on come on he's been talking to
himself fucking ages he's a fucking
weirdo he's pissed himself he's smelling
you're gonna die please die please die
oh ha ha ha in your face baby slut you
are now dead oh my god
oh my god it's the Grim Reaper what
secret me for doing here oh my god I've
never seen this before
how's he gonna get in this room baby
slut couldn't get out how the hell is he
gonna get in oh my god kind of scary ha
ha ha
yes Grim Reaper sacrificed my stupid
fail of a son ha ha ha ha yes piss off
out of here
whoa was he going whoa oh no he's a
ghost eyes a purple ghost ah fuck sake I
thought that would have been begun he's
still a as a ghost Grim Reaper take him
to the depths of Hell where he belongs
the piece of shit look at him look at
him he's still a nuisance I still have
to look at him Jesus Christ as a fucking
I go look after this ghost are you being
serious isn't even vanish I have to look
after baby slut as a go
Oh grandpa haha even Grim Reaper doesn't
even like it you stupid baby slut
oh is it going what baby
your constant misfortune amuses me and
those around you it would be a shame to
take that priceless entertain oh really
Grim Reaper likes baby slut okay anyway
this baby sluts in here
Wow look at him eating the food you were
supposed to die of starvation fucking
now alright since he's in this room
let us fucking electrocute him as the
next death now let's just delete the
door and now we wait he's already pissed
on the TV the fucking filthy bastard go
repair it yes repair the TV you hugly
piece of shit okay now it's up the way
from deleting stuff oh my god oh my god
oh he did he's dead oh the Grim Reaper
is going to kill baby slut okay sweet
he's a ghost he's a yellow ghost okay so
that's electrocution now let's make him
uh drown to death okay uh you go trough
Me Baby slut I'm gonna transfer me oh
can you swim swim die die baby's hunt ah
he actually thought oh he banished what
the hell he actually thought where the
hell's he couldn't he actually thought
he was gonna make it our life where's he
going uh oh there he is there you are
baby slut what you doin over here oh
he's a blue ghost now that death was at
hilarious anyway I walk through walls
who's he think he is a ghost anyway
now let's make him oh and I wish once we
do first I think we should do the old
age first okay lambdai fertile old age
first so shift right-click trigger age
transition okay
now he's going to turn into an adult
which is just gonna be the most
disgusting thing as well I I hope that I
would die before I saw this kid as an
adult
look at him no one cares I hit your
birthday baby slut it's funny always
called baby slut and now he's an adult
oh my god look at him go ah he's still
bold he's still bold look at him you are
never gonna find any woman that's ever
gonna love you my friend I'm sorry
so now we're gonna trigger answer
trigger age transition again and now
he's gonna turn into an old man oh
you're an old man wait was he doing hey
babies luck what are you doing get over
here it's your birthday in the same day
yay I cannot wait to see him as a
fucking granddad my son is older than me
how does that make any sense
wait hang on a sec oh there we go oh my
God look at him that is disgusting baby
slurred you're disgusting Oh woman OH
look at how skinny x'g unn ah this is
just filthy ah ah I cannot wait for this
kid to fucking die oh he is he is he yes
die baby slut oh that was uh pretty
shitty death yes baby slut you died of
old age you old fart
okay well that death wasn't as fun as I
would have anticipated but now probably
the most funniest death of all death by
fire oh my god Oh
but there it is haha what the hell's
going on
sluts baby smart I've already what
seriously what the hell why is he not
dying yes we all know how your fly you
stupid idiot oh my god I think this kid
is fucking fireproof
I don't wait now there he is he st.
ashes okay there we go
shit there we go ah finally after all
these episodes we have finally killed
baby sluts I'll admit we've had some
good times the baby slut and also some
bad times baby get in the fucking shower
and go to fuckin school tops I've got to
tell you you ugly piece of shit I hate
him I hate it grow up you piece of shit
fucking hate you teddy bear everything
is game so fucking awesome and cute
except for you fucking little shit
fucking baby baby looks possesses me did
you see that he's crying yeah I just
fucked your mother bitch what the fuck
is the ugliest piece of shit kid I've
ever seen
boy it was ugly look at this shit oh my
God he's fucking insane it's fucking
choking himself what kind of sick
fascist fucking baby God
you
