oh hello everyone and welcome to Saints
Row 4 new guru Gration rush to station
today my friends we are gonna make the
sexiest most beautifulest anime
character in the whole entire of sage
word a fourth okay let's begin this shit
okay I start off with the body it's
gonna make her an ass sexist be sexy
female god damn she's beautiful man I'm
already in love with her she's gotta be
Asian the standard Asian damn she's a
mess at the moment but don't worry we'll
fix her especially them titties hmm
no agent girls fat other I'm looking a
lie I haven't seen one fuckin anime
character that's a fat little bitch
aren't you little fatty no cupcakes for
you fatty I don't want a skinny so how
about we just do just even it out you
know she doesn't look fat yeah she looks
absolutely perfect man I'm tempted to
make her like an old bitch let's see
this ah
get it away get it away ah there we go
sex appeal here we go oh the titties are
growing the titties are growing baby
look at them titties yeah you can see
them wiggle you know what time it is
baby wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
yeah
wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah
okay before we do a face let's do a hair
cuz I know what the hell's wrong with a
fucking hair now let's see oh is anime
Oh anime no she doesn't look good that's
like fucking oh no fucking Dragon Ball Z
anime I won't fucking slutty aunt of a
where's the slutty anime haircut braided
pigtails oh do you like it do you like
it anime character oh I like it a bit oh
yes but I think you can find something
better
okay okay calm down calm down No
no oh this is a definition of Japan oh
you like it yeah oh so you want me to
have this haircut as your okay shut the
hell up you're annoying me now what
color hair okay calm down Jesus Christ
oh my god what a mess that is shut up
okay I'm not gonna give you the unibrow
for goodness sake
how about type of blog you like that ice
here we go here is the big thing that I
like to have fun with oh my god no no
height
high ball size oh here we go
maximum those anime characters got them
big old eyes don't you my little girl I
got a name this girl what should I name
her give me an anime name okay after
searching up on Google for Japanese
names
her name is Kimiko I love it okay calm
down I'm not done with your eyes yet oh
my god this is fucking scary fucking
scary don't look away I don't like it I
don't like it oh ah non screeching how
do I change your eye color yeah we got I
color oh yeah we can't make a pink again
having a dark blue or purple oh my god
she looks so scary
she looks so scary oh my god I can't
okay she looks fine
oh my god Himiko oh shit look at the go
yeah whoa holy shit she's twerking
fucking talking holy shit
well she's definitely better than Miley
Cyrus okay we're done in our face and
personally now let's move on to clothes
and fucking kick out this women and
fucking I am and know what head hurts
let's I don't even want her to have a
hat but there's no harm in checking what
hats there are horse mask oh my god that
is so cool that is so cool though I want
it no I want it to pick me I wish I
could horsey man I wish I could okay no
hats no hats iced tea upper body let's
start off with the bra cover your nips
this is when the last game wasn't it
Jesus Christ well you know me you know
the anime character she doesn't like
wearing a bra so let's fucking I am and
no okay now let's do the fucking upper
body are there's so much choice I'm
gonna be here forever no II don't bust
that's funny
mystery man Oh music junkie you know
what anime is the 21st century anime
characters - screw it let's make her
fucking music junkie okay literally if
you start keep talking I will fucking
punch you in the face okay now see a
lower body to start off with the
underwear of course of course oh yeah oh
yeah oh yeah no no oh yeah oh yeah oh
yeah no no no yeah baby yeah no yeah
yeah no okay she is literally perfect
the way she is
damn damn damn okay she's not we fuck
enough to give our clothes I keep
forgetting like to give her clothes okay
that's my anime character hope you guys
enjoyed saints row 4th it's coming out
in 20th so I'll definitely have some
video
up there don't wanna get some toes now
leave it I'll leave the tatters anyway
if you loved any points video please hit
like and I'll see you next time bye bye
