hello my name is Adam Jensen not alone
the man I'm a lonely man so today me Hey
look at me
Hey look at me when I'm talking to you
today I'm gonna go pick up some ladies
because I'm a very lonely man man these
days in Montreal whoever the fuck I am
Detroit these days in Detroit I'm very
lonely
so I'm gonna go pick up some women oh
hello beautiful
Oh Peter bass hole don't try I will try
motherfucker okay fine I won't try it
but I'll pick on your lady
hello baby Wow look at them titties yes
yes I want them titties girl I much
rather get with you than going dear oh
yeah you hear that guys you hear that
sure rather get with me what you were
still something bitch you are something
come on baby let's go let's go then baby
baby how do I do this G oh fuck oh fuck
oh shit I why they dive in oh shit
what's going on aah aah okay that was a
bust
let's try again oh look at all these
beautiful ladies hey Lily did oh hello
it's just something about a man here
yeah you love it these girls nine Oh put
the gun away
he's ladies man they want me we're done
yeah I can tell by your kids you haven't
dark alley sometime a dark alley well uh
then maybe a dark alley right here bitch
you know what I'm thinking you know what
I'm thinking bitch okay she's not
interested well would this go how about
a little sugar baby
yeah town special yeah Motown which it
was that we put them ass go up in a mask
then that just put it in oh hello oh
yeah I like this angle baby whoa
Alexander you told me bitch
oh sure what the hell's going on Jensen
my god it's been a while remember me
nope am I supposed to remember you bitch
what do I reply I guess it's one way you
put it
you're right what's the deal oh let's be
flirty Oh
we're gonna pick out the lady's gonna be
a little flirty I like your style bitch
that's one way to put it yeah and I
could new style your style a bit
revealing for my days revealing but I
like your tits I mean what wait what's
going on now she wants me to do a quest
you're an hour fuck this shit
fine in your quest you dumb bitch what
should I say uh I find I'll accept your
stupid quest bitch bla bla bla bla bla
bla bla bla no bitch
this one think of your shitty quest fuck
you in your quest bitch anyone see that
no he's gonna walk away like I didn't
see anything I'm sorry ladies a hut -
I'm sorry well there's no point in
leaving her just to waste
come on baby we're going to a special
place don't mind me girls we're going to
a special place in the right baby girl
yeah we're going special place we're
gonna have dinner and we're gonna go
dancing Oh baby I'm gonna treat you like
the Queen of Sheba like the Queen of
Sheba girl don't mind me nothing to see
here
nothing to see here nothing to see here
just me my girlfriend I'm gonna walk
don't shoot me
come on go come on now ha ha ha
do-do-do-do-do hello a bitch Shaden
how's everyone doing hello hello just
looking for some girls she's looking for
some ladies Oh what what's this are you
are you are you challenging me my friend
to a dance bow
oh hell no I want to jump in man hold me
back call me back now screw it I'm
jumping in what yeah you want this bitch
what it oh yeah we can do bitch oh yeah
I like it move this bitch but daddy got
these moves are you trying to kick me
bitch oh yeah motherfucker what you
gonna do huh what you gonna do what you
gonna do when it comes out you yeah hey
guys move yeah oh yeah see me moves off
360 you couldn't do a 360 I don't think
you can motherfucker yeah who won this
dance but let's be honest this be honest
me isn't it
me wait what you're saying that he was a
bad dancer than me no he's not
fuck off you know I'll fuck this shit
I'm a fucking better dancer you son of a
bitch okay I just got off a plane and
now I am in China going out because you
know what they say about Chinese women
they're all sluts hello good Chinamen
hey Duncan go Yankees Yankees from
Detroit motherfucker what you're talking
about man find the whole one beautiful
is what's beautiful is ladies I like
yeah I'm gonna get the tan is bitches on
this shit yeah buddy what's going on
guys oh that's why were to go that's
where the ladies yeah I had to get there
how'd you get that Chinaman yeah we're
looking for some action you me both
civilian hey dear my friend oh man you
got a big cock no wonder why you want if
I can go there how do I get that fucker
wasn't listening without actions okay I
was gonna follow this guy come on Scott
just tripped up man skirts a strip club
I'm right behind your motherfucker
oh shit uh hey buddy oh crap I don't
think other thing you has to see me
all right after - Shh you can't see me
you can't see me you can't see me oh
shit he saw me kiss me bitch do you know
the strip club yes ding Joe I think I
think Peter at electric clap oh crap is
here sorry I wasn't mean to being racist
I swear I'm not racist or working girl
shake lose you're gonna be handsome oh
do I want to touch ya wanna touch let me
touch mommy's let me touch let me touch
no fuck you bitch i'ma go to the strip
club uh yeah we're going to strip club
baby going to the strip club gonna close
the door I'm gonna see ladies oh yeah
look at you dead girl on the way that's
a hologram hello everyone hello hello
beautiful like I'm talking to a client
here wait your turn
well how rude you know why do two rude
ladies this one is a rude ladies bitch
I'm just a man trying to find some pussy
how hard is it to find any girls I would
want to sleep with me you know it can't
be that hard
I'm in China for goodness goodness sake
Oh with a lot dots
I want a lap dance done by me Matt my
friend I can just sit here I'll be no
trouble I swear take it off take it off
what why have you stopped
hello you want yes or one more
appointment did you book a book an
appointment this is one think of your
appointment bitch hello
you gonna sleep with me no one else has
pretend to be accustomed pretend I am a
customer bitch alright let's see what's
going on in here
oh hello driver customer get to work
yeah get to work bitch come on Mae Mae
scram you got she with me customer are
you yes I am I am I am
yeah I am I am I am a customer please
shut up Adam is that Adam shut up she
wants me to a fuckin quest I just met
this stupid girl you know bitch no we do
when we women get given quests we
fucking to this you dumb bitch whoa no
oh hell-oh damn that is dark in there
what are you hiding under there baby
girl well guys this is the only thing
that I'm gonna get to it to get to
getting laid tonight so I think you guys
should leave me and let me get at it oh
yeah oh yeah you like this girl yeah
just I like it damn girl damn titties
girl yeah buddy look at them titties
yeah buddy yes Bank my ass Bank my ass
yeah I love a girl yeah you do that well
good man you do that real good for some
reason I feel that one lady it's just
not enough when you're in China now this
this is more like it this is how we do
it in China's and their girls oh shit i
glitching out what the hell's wrong with
these girls
damn how you doing girl how you doing
girl damn well guys gotta leave you guys
here since I've got a fucking busy night
ahead of me I want to thank you guys so
much for watching if you laughed
anybody's video please hit like and I'll
see you
you next time come on girls let's get it
on
