hello everyone and welcome to me robbing
a bank with my buddies hello Dallas
Aiden I can go through you look at
Dallas I like this guy
chains I'm a badass motherfucker and we
got Hawks ton Oxton leaves the guy that
we don't like hello hello loser oh my
God look at him sad bastard anyway let's
go rob the bank oh wait no that's window
hello hello oh damn damn girl var1
robbing this Bank I'll rub your phone
number girl I'm such a ladies man okay
um
when should we start die bitch grabber
cuz we started die bitch oh shit no no
damn it
I'm not very good at fucking shooter
games especially on PC get away from me
you bastard die motherfucker okay what
do we do find the bank manager is on the
top right bank manager where are you you
son of a bitch bank manager bank manager
hey what are you doing get down on the
floor like a Thai people's shit look at
me time people Oh No haha I'm at are
these two motherfuckers kinky isn't it I
look at them kissing
I wake up every night every day
must be love love love downtown must be
love love love anyway what do we do Oh
who's this guy just the bank manager
where's your key mofo okay where's his
key oh no I'm getting sharp what's going
on okay I got the key now what okay
let's see here looks pretty easy you
know this is pretty easy what's this
explosives Oh explosives aha we're going
to rob the bank this is so fun
not much shooting involved but I don't
know why oh shit oh shit oh shit what's
going on what's going on I came a
civilian oh it did it did I I know I
killed the bitch no my girlfriend
run away okay oh my god Mia's lotion
okay what do we do oh we got to drill
this this oh shit we're gonna drill the
gates what's going on your discords come
on do the gates okay we gotta wait okay
learn not to position boys die
motherfucker
ahaha I know they Frida civilian died
you free the civilians who do you think
Oh are cops oh crap this guy come from I
know he's a civilian where the fuck did
he come from
hello miss where did these guys come
from
oh crap what's that oh my god what's
that what's that oh what's going on help
Foxton dulles James oh I can always
count on you Dallas oh you're so sexy
come and give me a little kiss no it's
not the time because you're right you're
right Dallas we do it we're doing the
hotel afterwards
ah what the hell is a jungle there is a
truck and not here kill him kill him oh
my god yeah you like my fury bitch
another clip oh crap this trails done
quick in the room where it's safe quick
come in the room where it's safe
die motherfucker
okay now we gotta plant explosives
planting the explosives oh shit ah
fuckin Ellen any fucking built much
burnt my nipples off Jesus Christ oh
crap
here they come here they come Roxton one
last kiss no okay
here they come I know my friend Hoxton
don't worry you do this for me I'm a
deer for you oh no something else is
doing it damn it
jealous you cheating on me with Hoxton
you fucking bitch oh this is too much I
can't handle it can't handle it oh it's
done it's done
come on we're doing it we're robbing
this Bank motherfuckers ah there we go
an armband quick are we doing monies oh
my God look at all the money's ah Yee
doggy look at all their money oh yeah
I'm gonna be a rich motherfucker tonight
motherfucker
ah we did it give me all these monies
mmm mmm look at my hand them them them
them to me is funny give them to me
dominga number okay I'm nice and fat
what do we do now what do we guys what
do we do
Hoxton one last kiss why would you love
me good luck what's going on oh shit
ha ha ha oh shit oh shit no last one not
very good at keyboard and mouse ha ha
I'm getting tasered I'm getting tasered
ha ha ha oh no what's going on Oh why's
everything gone sideways I'm on the
floor help boyfriend James I knew can't
trust you oh wait no it's not chains it
was it it was my mystery man
Dallas ah thank God it was you escape
plan I know crap this car in front of me
help help
oh there are so many god damn police
people everywhere Roxton
no ok I wasn't going to ask for a kiss
Oxton god damn it guys come on
come on we've got to escape escape eh
come on
we're so close escape escape run run
justjust forget everything just forget
everything just run where do we go up
the stairs
come on all right now this is not stairs
this is stairs yes come on we're doing
it we're escaping escape escape escape
did you do that it did do you do do just
planting explosives la la la la la la la
la la there we go
did I do good Dallas kiss no okay let's
do this shit whoa that's a fire quick
run escape escape we're so close we are
so close
where are they oh crap aah help help
help
okay I may have ran to forwards quick
help oh crap oh show civilian oh I'm
sorry
oh hello beautiful oh I think we got
time to uh oh shit I know what happened
to her no she don't wait she did oh fuck
well now she is come on down the stairs
down the stairs we're so close to the
ending well just run forget everything
run run run run run run run run run run
just run we're so close
we're so close yes we did it bitches ah
okay
note to self robbing a bank it's not as
easy as it looks
