this is the day on a life of Snoop Dogg
anyway I'm gonna get in my car Oh
make my day
make my day I want some fucking tea give
some fucking tea tank all I got I really
shouldn't
I really shouldn't attempt the Chinese
business I uh I'm alone with four girls
in a room you know what I'm gonna do
guys
yeah take my bullets bitch ah I'm sorry
I'm sorry
Oh
oh my god
look at me I'm so cute whoa what the
hell's wrong in the camera Oh what the
fuck
and he's an ugly piece of shit look at
that shit look at him he's evil look at
him
what are you looking at what are you
look at a time just an evil little boy I
love other guys behind me just watching
my every mood he's like good good make
those chemicals make those chemicals oh
my god he's still looking at me look
good make those chemicals now Gandia I'm
very proud of you
we're gonna make a wiggle wiggle wiggle
yeah wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
yeah wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
yeah wiggle wiggle wiggle oh yeah yeah
that's not funny Bob listen to me Bob I
don't know what I'm doing but I'm afraid
to admit it
row hog smash look at me what the hell
oh what the hell look at me cuz what the
hell
I supposed to say look at me Gaza in the
sky look this is like Armageddon
I'm againin I'm a wolf bitches you know
wife have been humping I've been having
the floor in the walls all day think you
know what time it is baby come on baby
let me touch you gonna catch your
beautiful face I think you know where my
tentacles are going baby I can't wait to
unload my thing suck all over your face
oh yeah you
that he'll slap don't you Oh baby
I may be an octopus but I want to touch
your octopus like a dick games like a
dick I ain't going to give up suck a
dick game suck a dick game I don't get
all fun oh my god oh my god whoa what
the oh no poor guy oh shit
do you see that oh my god that was
fucking brilliant I am NOT gonna get
bored of this game
poisoning the food poisoning the food oh
shit she's taking the food up no Jovita
what are you doing and it was my food
what are you doing I'm eating at the
food and the pose naked are you doing
hang in there Bob oh shit oh no I'm on
drugs I'm on drugs
what is going on what is going on now
the Hulk can carry on being a normal
citizen and do everything a normal
citizen would do in Liberty City
you
you
ah bitch this is my every woman who's
ever been made to me fuck this shit man
whoa whoa put it down ha ha she's
actually doing it all sly or such about
she's running high
I didn't have the time to do it I didn't
you have to tell her she's like yeah
fuck this shit bad I don't want to see
this baby ha ha ha
Uncle Tom you in here Uncle Tom where
are you
Uncle Tom oh my god
what the hell what uh uh what what ah
what the hell
Uncle Tom Uncle Tom what Uncle Tom
banging the maid in the game wha wha
hello I'm here bitches ha ha ha ha
I just walked in on them what the hell
oh my god oh my god oh my god I can't
breathe ha ha ha hey man hey Tim see any
pussy lately what you want a present
you want me to give you flowers but what
is this guy gay why do you just take
flowers of me wait what no oh my god no
no you're not no you're not get out of
it get out of there get out of it oh my
god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
god they see me rolling
they hated patrolling tryna catch me
ridin dirty trying to get me ridin dirty
gonna get me riding dirt it hey garbage
over judging my music so loud I'm
swaggin they open they gotta catch me
ridin dirty what the hell's going on now
what oh my Snoop Dogg I feel so sorry
for you if you have to do this every
single day of your life what's going on
now it's game Snoop Dogg stop smoking
weed please
