hello everyone and welcome back to Sims
3 I haven't done this in a while if
you're thinking why say welcome back we
don't know what's going on last episodes
my this kid lemme stinkin this baby slut
just grew up he once was a baby and now
he's a child I think and then we've got
this black baby just sitting there sluts
in a bikini I don't know why I don't
even ask take a shower you ugly shit
anyway
this baby's grown up and I hear so much
I hate this kid I hate him look at him
using my shower so I can't what I was
doing last time there's a school bus
there goddamn baby slut get on the
goddamn bus get on the fucking shower
and go to fucking school every times
I've got to tell you you ugly piece of
shit I hate him I hate him
I'm getting distracted so badly so last
episode I asked do you guys want to kill
this baby slut because I hate him I
think you guys were with me you know we
hate this baby slut because he's just
the user and he's an ugly piece of shit
look at that shit look at him why don't
you look it ad why do you look it at
that I'm just an even little boy what
kind of what kind of little boy is is
bald at the age of 8 years old I mean
how all he is get to school you
motherfucker
anyway I asked you guys you're a drama
chronic hilum and obviously your guy
said yes because he's an ugly what the
hell is this buster and you like to do
that illegal u-turn I don't think you
are yeah apparently we're not allowed to
kill children which sucks because this
kid is annoying and I'm probably gonna
like it if it turns to like a teenager
or an adult maybe actually now a
teenager of baby slut does sound like
something that will annoy me anyway you
can't kill babies apparently which is
kind of annoying so we have to do
something this episode now as you can
read from the title what I'm going to
try and achieve which I don't know if
you're going to be possible is to has to
have Brandon
have sex with the maid that's right
that's why I built this love room not
for silly little slut
or slut living like a slut taking care
of my children who the hell do you think
he is
yeah I'm gonna try and have sex with the
maid it's gonna be quite hard but we
should give it a go at least okay but
before we do that there's something that
I really want to do someone suggest in
the comments right that we take failed
abortion pick her up and then go to some
guys around the mouth and just leave on
the floor that because last episode she
just put straight up the bat the babies
come home fresh fresh from the hospital
a brand new baby just put it on the
floor oh that was hilarious that that
bit okay comments let's see if we see if
we can actually do this hang on let's
knock in the door I think we've
introduced ourselves
I know I can't visit him oh I can't
visit the house why not go and fit going
slut do your ting slut
do your ting I'm like okay I want this
baby bitch did you take this baby I want
this baby oh man put it down I was gonna
be hilarious put it down I'm not allowed
to you being serious you actually being
serious right now cop it down here yes I
can I just did knock now ah just knock
on the door and then run away she's like
yeah fuck this shit I don't want to see
this baby oh yeah cool the baby Sarah oh
oh baby stop where is it gone oh my god
where's it gone hello I know we've lost
it I only been here for like a day and
we've already lost it hello found
abortion shit where is it gone where's
it gone is in the dustbin rummage
through the dustbin slow what are you
doing oh the hell did this baby get here
so you're not allowed to leave it on the
door oh that's ridiculous
oh hang on hang on hang on hang on
what's going on downstairs what's going
on downstairs oh look a Brandon he I
don't even have to tell him I literally
don't have to tell him he's already
doing it he ain't knows the plan it's
like he watches my YouTube videos let's
check out the mates hot or not oh my
gosh looks like a hooker that's she she
looks like she's gonna have an affair
with someone look at that shit damn okay
after talking to her for like an hour I
am going to compliment her personality
so you talk to girls guys compliment and
their personality you know given all
that lying bullshit you ask for a star
sign for some reason don't worry it'll
work man I'm a professional with all
this shit okay well these two are
flirting actually I completely forgot
that we need to get rid of slut because
I'm engaged to slut
okay so sluts got a present to
presentation that she needs to deliver
so I'm gonna tell to do that right about
now okay and we need to tell slut to get
out the house so we can have an affair
else is gonna be bad this is gonna be
really bad poor sluts
well slut you know what we don't really
like you I mean at the beginning of the
series I kind of said that I thought
this wasn't gonna be a long-term thing
it's kind of gonna be like a short term
thing you understand slut oh no I'm
being everyone massage
hopefully slut won't see that slut don't
see it oh she's running why is she
running
okay sluts out the house sluts out the
house quick quick quick we gotta do this
shit we're going to be romantic and
we're gonna confess attraction and we're
gonna go romantic and then I think we
will have our first kiss hopefully oh
yeah I know it's me and it's supposed to
be me but I just love him let's make out
we can make out get one that's always
leading to sex that always leaves come
on come on this is gonna happen
Kate be chiotti or bear Kate bitch yeah
do why won't you have sex with me oh my
god oh my god look at me I'm a Nana boo
yeah baby yeah look at me like a mini
Austin Powers yes damn the guy
okay I think it is time ladies and
gentlemen to finally real this vision
let's just check slut is yep she is
right in the middle of a presentation
there is no risk at all for her to come
home so it should be here we can't try
for a baby I don't want another baby
fuck that shit huh there is woo hoo ah
the question is will she will she will
she you'd be up for woo hoo you want to
do woo hoo oh shit when the camera yeah
baby it's happening it's happening she's
going upstairs to the lab chamber
oh yeah I can't believe this is
happening is gonna be so epic yeah buddy
yeah buddy the babies cried but Brad and
I give a shit he is on a mission fuck
he's on a mission
oh shit the babies come home I screw the
baby I don't really give her about the
babies slut that were worried about as
long as the baby doesn't come home and
I've gotta come home and come to my room
have sex baby oh yeah buddy gon do your
thing do your thing
this is love guys look at this I can't
believe I did it I had an official
affair with the maid I can't believe
that shit damn ah ah yes
epic absolutely epic ah they're in love
oh shit ah how beautiful how beautiful
absolutely beautiful
how slut to him yet sluts still over
that's fine it's absolutely fine it's
absolutely fine okay I think that's it I
was a bit scared that slut might come
home but I don't think I've got to worry
about that it's absolutely fine
I had an official with fair affair with
the maid anyway I think that's enough
Sims 3 for today I want to thank you
guys so much for watching I love Sims 3
actually loved it but I don't want to
spoil and doom loads of episodes but if
you guys want me to do more I'll be very
happy to I want to thank you guys so
much for watching and I'll see you next
time bye
