hello everyone look at lucious isn't he
just a cute little bastard look good him
so you guys seem to love lucious I can't
blame her cuz I fucking love it like a
boss he is look how much of a boss he is
anyway we've got more killing to do
bitch so today we are going to kill Jovi
Darla juvie da winner's trophy da da
vida come here Jovi dad where are you I
think I saw you in my mama's room Jovita
oh she know here on your wing are you
I'm supposed to be here Mimi oh look at
me parkour and shit
there you are Jovi that Jovita you're
going to die Senora time oh good bind
your feet are you going to dice and your
feet and your feet are so um this is the
mission where Uncle Tom is having sex
close this to go damn door oh she's
walking through doors now crazy bitch
look her rooms just there and Uncle Tom
is having sex with the maid right there
oh I really want to go in and just go in
and just fuck in I really want it yolo
swagg motherfuckers ha ha ha
where is it I wanna see the final image
ha ha ha look oh my god this guy's
fuckin ridiculous
anyway the plan is we've got it we've
got a camera right so we take pictures
of them
oh shit they're gonna catch me oh yeah
work it girl
yeah you do your Tang man I like the way
you do that shit man
yeah check that ass oh damn show my
titties girl yeah
shit they saw me all right enough
fooling around so we have evidence to
fucking Jovita so what we're going to do
is going to put the picture in Joe
Vito's room and we're also going to
frame Jovita okay so we put the rat
poison here so they think that that she
poisoned the fucking bitches food and
I'm also going to put the padlock so she
thinks that we killed that bitches the
maid Killa Killa uh what you gonna do oh
shit shit oh shit she's realized hahaha
imagine that so she thinks that Uncle
Tom just put pictures repeat the way
you're going to read are when you're
doing Jovita what are you doing outside
Donita oh if you fell it would be quite
unfortunate
so I unlocked a new skill mind control
so I can control her mind gone Jovita
just uh jump down there
ah shit ah shit she's possessed by the
devil I'm not gonna jump
Oh No ha ha ha ha I'm just saying
they're like whoa
fucking slow-mo shit ha ha ha ah poor
Jovita oh poor girl ha ha that was so
anticlimactic
haha I fucking love killing people do
cookies me I got gonna love this game I
fucking love this game
ok it's a new day it's a new day
motherfuckers it's gonna grab my bicycle
now we're gonna go kill Uncle Tom Uncle
Tom Uncle Tom you little pervert I'm
good there you are you sick son of a
bitch we're gonna cure your Uncle Tom oh
so excited so this is my dad's brother
which is fucking hilarious
fucking hilarious I'm going to kill your
Tom I'm a touch your face I'm gonna kill
you why did she do it you had sex with
her made with the other maid and she was
in love with you why why do you think
she did it you dumb bastard so he was
printing her for a month it seems like
he actually had feelings towards our
juvie why did you do this you beat us
how dare you I will feel no sympathy
tried to kill you
uncle you son of a bitch anyway so he's
been drinking so we grabbed this drink
we combined the poison I know I don't
have any poison anymore shit okay be
right back okay I got the poison so we
combined the poison with the alcohol
yeah we're gonna poison you bitch I
don't know the poisoning the poisoning
deaths aren't is funny Uncle Tom I
bought you a drink
drink up bitch drink up look at me in
the eyes and drink up motherfucker
drink uncle doom this is weak ever
killing Jovita I mean yeah it was kind
of me but you pushed her over the edge
man it was you it's all you I'm blaming
you
oh shit yeah you got a joke
motherfucker you go to choke to death
motherfucker oh just make a mess
oh shit ease realizes me oh fuck look at
me I'm like I'm doing it like I swear I
surrounded the Reese's hey the Camille
oh shit Oh Uncle Tom why why Uncle Tom
why will you be swimming so mean to me
ah poor uncle oh poor uncle damn the guy
ass ha ha ha look at me I'm just staring
at him like what the fuck is wrong with
this guy ha ha I soaked you use the
cutest girl ever I hate kids but Lucia's
probably the fucking most likeable kid
in the fucking world oh shit that's my
dad are my dad's gonna realize that uh
his brothers meet Charles ah on the door
daddy daddy's coming young when Uncle
Tom is indeed
check him out why is it so dark I can't
see shit hello oh they're Gravier Uncle
Tom no oh shit oh shit oh shit no no
daddy no no oh fuck me Oh
kind of about killing him now daddy I'm
sorry I'm so nice just he's been
drinking a walk
I'm not to kill him oh look a Lucius
he's so cute okay well we are just the
killing machine aren't we we have killed
two people already and only like a
couple of minutes in these deaths have
been fucking short man damn anyway I
know who we're going to kill now oh it's
the goodness the gun is going to die Hey
look at him poor guy Antonia Antonio's
cutting the grass again I could possibly
somehow break his mower
I wonder why he always looks like it
just came from a disco really anyway um
he's mowing the lawn how we gonna make
him stop to mow the lawn oh it's here
really can you guys see a stone here can
you guys get me anywhere see a stone
here no turns out it's right hang on
that's right here I want to know that
how the hell is this an owner anyway I'm
too busy I'm too angry too fucking that
took me ages to find anyway I've got to
break this lawn ma puts down here now
he's gonna fuck him put his my lawnmower
here and then I don't know what to do
come on Antonio run over my stone I was
gonna do I think do it yes yeah oh no do
you think we're gonna make him are we
gonna make him put his head in there
hang on thanks I've read this seems to
be try and get that mower ghin okay I
think I have to do turn on the mower
hang on
turn it on bitch turn it on turn it on
aah
oh it turned on did it
ah why do why didn't he get hurt
hang onto beauties Michael oh no wait
refused mind control boom boom oh no way
no I that's gonna be so gruesome I know
nah this gon be happening no no no and
oh no oh my god oh my god that's
disgusting
Oh Lucius no I feel bad right now
honest disgusting damn look at us Lucius
oh my god that's disgusting there's the
most disgusting thing I've ever seen in
my entire life
oh my god okay guys I've got to end this
video here thank you guys so much for
watching we've been hitting an amazing
amount of Lights recently so if you want
to see the next episode which I think we
might finish it next episode then please
hit that like button and also the
comments would be mean a lot to me as
well
freaking it 250 that would be awesome if
we can't it's fine anyway I'll see you
in the next episode hopefully thanks for
watching bye
