hello everyone and welcome to Lucius
actually welcome to my birthday pies
it's my birthday buddy
anyway this game is about the devil son
and we have to kill every single person
in the house starting off with the made
look he hunts the kicked kicked how the
hell is that the devil's son he is so
adorable he is the most adorable thing
in the world
look at him how is he a killer how is a
killer look at him with those chubby
jobs
jumpy jobs hair we're gonna kill this
bitch man we're gonna kill the bitch
look at me
I am so cute I am so cute I love this
thing HUD's introduction I'm gonna need
to fucking know the controls look good I
am so cute look at me run I'm
moonwalking bitch look at me buddy walk
look at me I'm the cutest thing in the
world why so dark look at me look at me
I'm so cute get more to the light Lucius
Lucius look at me
why'd you look at me look at me I'm so
cute wow what the hell's wrong in the
camera oh what the fuck
okay but seriously we need to kill this
bitch how do we kill this bitch close
this door she wins it wait she in the
freezer hello mate you're gonna damage
how the fuck we did this shit come stat
what she's locked in how can she see me
what
oh it's a padlock not the door ah yeah
buddy my first death look at me I am sad
yeah look at the fries oh she's gonna
freeze to death man bitch gon freeze
that's right bitch you plead you ain't
gettin fuckin cookies don't look at
fuckin women in freezers oh shit man I
know I'm in my fuckin PJs this game has
everything oh shit she dead man she dead
nobody suspects is the little boy I'm
just a little boy
no one's gonna suspect me I'm not the
devil son or anything I'm just a poor
little boy
fuckin pushing women and freezers ha ha
ok I'm in my bedroom it's a new day I'm
looking cute as ever look at him I'm so
cute anyway we're gonna find another guy
to kill in my cute little house look at
this house pretty nice house hello
someone to kill someone to kill hello
I'm gonna kill this guy look at him I'm
gonna kill you man ain't going to be a
tan to do it about it I'm gonna kill you
well Jeanne Jeanne wait a fuckin genie
I'm going 10 of the TV we can do bitch
yeah sure you were a new bitch you got a
bit of a liner lessons going
I got your magic bitch ass up making it
fucking conversation with me okay I'll
fuckin take it as matches I'm gonna
fuckin go over to the stove and fucking
destroy this fucking stove eye on me if
I can screwdriver
okay I found screwdriver I'm gonna kill
this guy oh he's here have you seen my
matches no I've been taking imagine
anything okay he's gone get the
screwdriver out
I can fund it with this bitch it's all
coming to plan now he's gonna go line up
his cigarette um stove and then fires
gonna breathe I love it motherfucking
face oh he's coming over he's coming
over
hey let me open the door for you Jeannie
my friend
I've seen your matches anywhere I think
you should go to use that oven to
fucking lied your own cigarettes you
fucking bitch stop pushing me you bitch
oh he's gonna look at me like a boss
this game is fucking brilliant look at
me I feel powerful oh shit look at my
eyes oh shit I'm kitchen the floor uh
hello okay that just happened okay it's
a new day oh okay because I killed
another person get out my way mom you
bitch yeah if I can slept well you
fucking I'm not gonna kill my own mom
okay
gotta kill someone else that's fucking
now the question is who the fuck is my
next victim who is this motherfucker who
does this guy okay now I bought fucking
I for he is always drunk you probably
won't notice if I change of his little
plans
hahahaha I'm gonna take your
screwdrivers bitch Hey
okay what do I do
Stone is wrench maybe I should break
something I know what I'm gonna break
just gotta wait for mother to go out the
room close the door and her fucking
bitch
Hey now I'm gonna fucking break the
piano I can take this wrench
hehehe it's all coming together man now
if that if that piano came loose somehow
and someone may have been under it
something something my bang happened if
you catch my drift
excuse me I bought the piano seems to
been broken can you check it out for me
I don't know there's something wrong
with it you know it's just a bit wonky
and it could be really dangerous if
someone may break you know might hurt my
feet or something you know what I void
you're the handyman you know what to do
go on put your head under it gone he put
your head under it now could abuse my
telekinesis
break break yes yes it's happening it's
happening the devil sun's going to kill
again it's going to kill again
oh fly piano what the fuck is this shit
oh shit oh my god Oh My Jesus ah never I
knew that killing was so much fun
oh man fucking hell shall I wall alright
it's a new day I've got to find someone
else to kill no questions Who am I gonna
kill again and I've got a clue Holmes
was to kill now is the game kind of warn
me well the freezers open oh is it are
we gonna kill the butcher are we gonna
kill the butcher
yeah butcher you gonna die man you going
down oh I feel so sorry for you man
Lucius you know me you me both no I
don't give a shit about you anyway I
know what to do I know exactly what I do
use my telekinesis to break that
motherfucking bulb oh shit you can see
me
shit I didn't think about that okay go
to hide behind these boxes oh shit gon
break break the bulb break the bulb I
don't know what that lamp exploded my
friend I know that's the whole point and
I can kill you about anyone says let me
just close this door yes I will wait let
me close these doors or I can kill you
you want a new lamp just so happens I
have a lamp in my inventory here you go
my friend I just gave your lamp
yeah you just go up there there's
nothing nothing dangerous up there I'm
just gonna use a bit of telekinesis on
this power switch over here what's gonna
happen is if I can get an electric shock
yeah you're gonna get electrified
motherfucker you're gonna get
electrified motherfucker oh shit oh no
it's the saw that is nasty
I love it man I fucking love it look at
this giddy fuckin loves it this game is
so awesome okay it's a new day I'm
skipping out all this story for this bit
for this video because the story of this
game is absolute poo but the yeah the
gameplay is fucking hilarious so we got
to kill some guy called fucking Tom my
Uncle Tom and apparently is a pervert
he's been sleeping with the maids so
yeah it's kind of creepy Uncle Tom Uncle
Tom where are you Uncle Tom oh shit what
the hell
xxx Oh Uncle Tom Uncle Tom what the hell
if you're making porn in your room what
Uncle Tom now oh it's got a camera there
that's disgusting oh my god this dildos
in there what the hell Uncle Tom will
you be doing with yourself in the middle
of the night our Uncle Tom what the hell
man
what the hell oh Jesus Christ Uncle Tom
what the hell's wrong with you
Uncle Tom Uncle Tom you in here Uncle
Tom where are you Uncle Tom oh my god
what the hell what what what ah what the
hell
Uncle Tom Uncle Tom Uncle Tom banging
the maid in the game oh my god what the
hell man
Uncle Tom that's just god that's
hilarious that's just fucking hilarious
oh my god shit look at the time oh fuck
sorry this video has been so long guys
oh my god we just having so much fun
killing people I don't fucking killed
Uncle Tom yet but don't worry I will
anyway I've gotta end this video here
I'm about halfway in this story I would
love to finish it off in the next video
but that's up to you guys be sure to
leave a like and also a comment if you
tell me more give me moonwalking bitches
anyway maybe see you might be a bc
lucius in the next video i want to thank
you guys for watching and yeah bye
