oh man ah what a hell of a night
hello everyone and look it's no dog
Snoop Dogg's in GTA yeah GTA fucking
Snoop Dogg DLC why not
so the deal is this is the day on a life
of Snoop Dogg so he's just woken up
after he passed out because he smoked
like a bowl for the wheat I'm not gonna
lie
Snoop Dogg is pretty pretty high still
so Oh explosions but don't worry cuz
this is completely normal to Snoop Dogg
okay I want everything to shit go
everything's so dark Jesus Christ anyway
I'm gonna get in my car Oh
oh my god oh oh oh so yeah Snoop Dogg's
feelin feeling a bit over the weather
under the weather this let me to do with
whether police are going apeshit because
this town is going to apeshit because I
even know anymore well I know Snoop
Dogg's been smoking so much weed and
this is what he sees every single day of
his life
what the hell what the hell what the
hell's going on man
fucking Armageddon with Snoop Dogg look
at those cars look at those girls
wow oh my goodness what is going on
it's like pinball it's like a it's like
a fucking game of pinball with the hell
Oh My Jesus oh my god this is ridiculous
ah what's going on ah the hell I'm gonna
die this is like a death trap look at
this shit mother I nearly died then oh
my goodness what is going on ah the hell
Snoop Dogg man what the hell have you
been smoking what is going on the frames
the frames think about the frames what
hey where these cars coming from
everybody run see it's not just me this
is happening uh hell what was all about
Oh help
janitor help move out my way every man
for himself
get out hell's going to lose now oh shit
oh shit oh that car's gone oh fuck what
the hell ah what the hell look at me cuz
well I was about to say look at me cars
are in the sky look this is like
Armageddon i'ma get in oh shit whoa that
was close and then he avoided that what
the hell Jesus Christ oh my god I'm just
avoiding cars like looking James Bond or
some shit no Snoop Dogg hang in there
man the drugs are gonna wear off sooner
or later what the hell's going on now
what oh my god what the hell Snoop Dogg
I feel so sorry for you if you have to
do this every single day of your life
what's going on now it's game Snoop Dogg
stop smoking weed please this is a
message to you snoop dogg please stop oh
geez I think it's safe now what the hell
happens am i running look at this shit
why am i running so far
hahahaha oh my god I just quite like
that look at me like a superhero Snoop
Dogg to the rescue Snoop Dogg to the
rescue Snoop Dogg wants a hot dog give
him hot dog
Oh Snoop Dogg your eye I don't think he
knows the ways of a hot dog there we go
just ignore his voice you know thank you
now after being Superman we I swear to
god Snoop Dogg needs to stop smoking
this weed this is absolutely ridiculous
oh hey the hooker your mother hooker
bitch
I need hookers I'm Snoop Dogg and get
any bitch I won this car safe now is all
stopped I'm guessing is probably not oh
well oh it's fine I know the stupid oh I
guess that's one way to deal with the
hooker oh no she's back ten o'clock
quick I know why don't the girls do this
to me
no Snoop Dogg get back up get back up
Snoop Dogg quickly Kanaka know what's
going on
what is going on I can't get my head
around this I actually can't get my head
around this what the hell is going on oh
Jesus Christ he's gonna work please this
one's gotta work oh no Snoop Dogg snoop
Dogg oh oh well I had to end sometime
anyway this is a message for you kids
out there don't do drugs otherwise cars
will start flipping out and all sorts it
you stop fuckin runnin like Superman and
fucking you here anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed leave a like if you laughed and
you point this video and yeah I'll see
you in my next video Superman
you
smoke weed every day
