as the best start to a video ever you
guys didn't know what the fuck that was
if your mum thinks they're watching
anime porn well she's right because
today playing Saints Row 3 because it's
free on Steam if you're watching this
the day that was uploaded and ya start
this shit let's make a fucking anime
character so your mum can just hear okay
let's see sex female obviously duh
let's see sex appeal fucking hell really
you can see them jiggle fucking spinning
girls I swear to God fucking big titty
swinging girls I swear to god anime
characters got the biggest boobs ever so
unrealistic but damn we can wiggle
wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah
wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah
wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah
yeah that's not funny okay now let's do
face oh shit
really fucking I'll just forget about it
look at all you bloody instant burners
with jiggling tits I don't really care
about any of this shit oh ice yeah
fucking most famous shit about the
fucking anime carried his fucking now
what the fuck it was up a box wrong with
that she's all fucking alien but that
shit eyeball depth and I become depth I
don't even know anymore
hard cheese I don't know the line
between anime and fucking just creepy Oh
My gods
no that's just fucking scary why would
you want something like that oh my fuck
fuck
Jesus fuck Cyrus oh my god there we go
anime there we go she looks like a
fucking she's like a fucking I don't
even know it's fucking spider oh Jesus
Christ
change the eye color will she make it
pink where's pink really you're not so
fucking change everything in this
fucking game except one fucking eye
colour Jesus Christ and he
we are guys what why is there a lot of
gangs there nearly always my anime
character she's off to school and our
anime world okay um what the fuck should
I do
Jesus man what'd I do hey I heard you
run away from me I'm getting shot why am
I getting shot ah geez guys get into a
car whoa fucking hell I've never done
that before Jesus Christ we sure the
police is after me well accent am i
doing I feel quite a fucking animes talk
Jesus Christ look at this fucking car
look at it it's fucking ridiculous damn
look at me oh it's still got the police
line on it down tough if I can get rid
of that okay now all right now I want to
get one I was bucking purple dildos
everyone fucking always talking about
that's yeah there we go dildo level one
at level one fucking dildo what the fuck
is this shit
Jesus Christ yeah I'm fucking sure oh my
god this is ridiculous
this game's ridiculous why am I playing
this game is ridiculous
fuck you know a fucking take my dick
Jesus oh shit ah fucking DDT what the
fuck is this shit
what can i wrestling move some shadow I
don't know what I'm doing I'm just
mashing buttons I'm just mashing buttons
oh for goodness sake no I'm just getting
my car mr. Donnie's
oh look at this fucking crib it's
beautiful look at the fucking crib I
wanna fucking throw someone off the
button cliff where is it come on you
stupid girl
I'm just casually pushing her come on
bitch come on bitch oh shit oh no I can
do my parachute oh shit whoa well that
was a fucking poor girl all right come
on bitch let's do this properly this
time
just fucking spawned a bunt I fucking
press f for fuck's sake
all right the last time swear to God
just get the fuck out of here bitch
look at this shit so ridiculous Cassie
it knockout is there any helicopters in
there I could have sworn a spawn of
beetle yeah here we go look at the shit
this games are fucking vital what the
hell this games oh oh my god I can't
even play this game anymore fucking
anime characters fucking jet what the
fuck is this shit man why would you
recommend me this game was so fucked up
I don't know what to do I'm sorry mrs.
ieaving since you got fucking laser what
the fuck up in there Jesus Christ I'm a
cooking weed lock onto a car are you
being serious oh Jesus Christ
this is so ridiculous oh my god is
ridiculous
fucking hell I keep I keep destroying
the video and it just doesn't work that
oh my I'm gay
that killed me that killed me out of
everything
oh my god just game so ridiculous look
hello bunnies what the hell look at this
shit fuck is this wrong with this game
why would you why would you tell me to
play this game seriously
look let's get these fucking games looks
like I'm on a fucking doing fucking
cosplay with the fucking all these
mascots Jesus Christ anyway I've really
I really can't play anymore of this fuck
if you really want me to do more leave
me a comment but fuck you know this game
is just too ridiculous you asked me to
do a video like you know what the fuck
oh wait now ya killed we laughed any boy
in this video please leave a like if you
know I don't know what the fuck you're
doing you just subscribe Oh fucking you
went down like a bitch the dead guys
like to say anyway I see you in the next
video your any suggestions leave it and
yeah
