hey guys I've just been sleeping and I'm
a dog and this game is called sleeping
dogs where you are sleep and then you
fucking beat the shit out of people and
yeah pretty much that's it but it's
nighttime and I want to go get some
girls but before we do that before we
get any girls I want to go have some
whoa ho shit what the hell was that all
about anyway
I want some fucking tea give us some
fucking tea times how high up I really
shouldn't
I really shouldn't attempt the Chinese
business I only go up yes I've got a
fucking cow in here all right let's see
what cars we have that shit that shit
that shit we've got a motorcycle
I like the motorcycles oh that's fancy
man that's fancy
what's a very what's a good-looking car
for the ladies well we've got a police
car holy shit okay let's pick a car
that's gonna get the most pussy
oh come on ladies come get me in my
small mini car its mini like my Chinese
little penis oh shit sorry sorry oh good
yeah I don't really care
oh shit II went flying ah jeez look at
this cards ridiculous
look at me driving my students on
forever had fuck I gotta admit the one
good thing about this game is that
they're actually driving on the right
side of the road what I mean right
I mean left I mean writers in it's the
good way the better way oh shit it's a
hooker we kind of hooker house in this
game hello baby massage greatly sharpens
your senses face me tugs 2,000 bucks for
a massage you better give me a happy
ending bitch I'm telling you if you
don't give me a happy ending they're
gonna get it 2,000 bucks for a massage
what the hell is this what is this what
am i doing I'm not controlling this what
am i doing hello
Chinaman fucking bitch didn't give me a
happy ending I hope you learned your
lesson oh shit she's just buzzing you're
right lovely yeah she'll be fine
i installed I installed a shit ton of
fucking outfits so let's see what
outfits I have in my little cupboard you
know sue blah blah blah blah oh look at
this shit damn tentacle outfit ah yeah
take 50% less gun damage you know we're
gonna do guys we're gonna fucking cry
havoc where's my gun oh look at this gun
look at it god dammit I'm such a sneaky
little ninja ninja bitches I'm a ninja
all right come on let's do this hello
tea man you're right thanks for the wave
I'm not gonna shoot you you're so cute
unless she waving me again waving me
again and I won't shoot you and I wasn't
a wave Khan wave wave wave don't let me
shoot your penis I know it's not there
but they made me shoot it yes right I
thought so I thought bitch I can just
drop my gun for a minute let's drop this
bitch hey man hey them
I like your gay teacher come here little
bugger come here such a cute Elin
motherfucker look at him so cute oh my
god what the hell did I just take him I
guess I'm in the police outfit so I must
have tasered him shit holy fuck that was
funny I see if we can do it again let's
see they were running away from me
alright this guy hey man say Matt but
what's wrong with you people with these
gates shirts alright come in alright
let's see if it contains room again oh
my god oh no poor guy oh shit
oh my god that was fucking brilliant I
am NOT gonna get bored of this game
oh shit oh shit oh shit now get up and
get back on get back on no no no I'm
sorry I didn't mean to change the people
I'm police - leave me alone okay enough
fooling around I made this video to
fucking pick up women and I'm over here
taser in people anyway we're gonna hit
the club but first we're gonna have to
get changed because although women do
love a man in a uniform I think we can
find some something better
oh yeah look at this shit look at this
fancy motherfucker look at him it's
beautiful
god damn it alright so we look the biz
now we go get a good nice car
and we're gonna go off to the club oh
yeah look at this vehicle damn I'm gonna
be fucking drowning and all the pussy
anyway I can go to this club are ya
gonna roll up to the club gonna park my
car look at these fucking people I can
dive in that's a fucking sexy and the
common coat look at these ladies hello
ladies I'll see you at the club it's
going to the mother wooden club hey
doing bouncers ah thank you
he's nice and sexy anyway yeah I mean
ladies I'm not we want ladies ah don't
mind me standing here staring at you hey
sorry I didn't mean did derp up dude oh
man look at all
look at this damn hello everyone hello
everyone hello everyone and there
everyone what the fuck is this
it's karaoke it's in karaoke I wanna
fucking go I'm a fuckin beautiful singer
breaking rocks in the hot Sun I thought
the LA and loved one I thought the love
and leave me alone of a good singer okay
I left my baby and it feels so bad I
guess my race is run she's the best girl
about the love and the love about the
Lao and down and down and no no no no no
no no Nana said if what was said yeah
buddy see I could fucking go on x-factor
isn't that right bitch look at you
you're fucking wet as the fucking my
fucking singing makes you guys all wet
all right come on baby you want to come
on come back to mine no why didn't know
these girls when it couldn't fit with me
I was a good singer I don't know why
none of the girls ones who fucking come
home with me you know what screw the
middleman the way the way you have to
get up girls in fucking Hong Kong scrubs
one on the street yeah how you doing
baby
no interested no no okay Plan B you
fucking grab them yeah grab them take it
to the nearest car all right
you know they're all watching base fine
take it to the nearest car it's fine in
Tokyo in fucking Hong Kong fucking trunk
yeah don't worry she'll be fine anyone
do he's gained the fucking car and drive
fucking homes okay baby we're home now
now we windows get get the girl out the
car get the girl she's do that yeah get
another fucking car yeah dog she's fine
look she's absolutely fine come on come
on oh shit OSR up it's good nice she
dead
oh shit okay be right back if women
don't want to fucking be with me then
you've got to grab one and you got to
drag him back to your home come on come
on get back in home come on in the door
we go
in the dope shit no no oh sorry didn't
mean that no just go in the door go oh
okay I'm sorry
okay I'm gonna kill her if I keep doing
this and let me just open the door for
you baby
hang on baby baby baby open the door for
you hey why are you running away why
don't you love me anyway I'm gonna end
this video here please leave a like if
you laughed at any point in this video
leave a comment you want me to do
more or if you wanna suggest me a game
feel free to leave a comment and I might
think about doing it anyway I'm going to
bed
