okay whoo hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is messy cells there today we
are playing project nightmares now it's
been a long time since mr. self has
played a horror game on the channel okay
so today I kind of felt like playing a
horror game so bloody scary I'm already
bloody shitting in my pants so yeah at
the moment it is currently 3 a.m. okay
is very late so yeah we're gonna playing
this shitty game
are you scared guys cuz I'm bloody
scared I'm not actually scared okay I'm
not bloody pussy to look I'm only pussy
got everything we know about case 36 has
to do with Henrietta and water
apparently she was the evil old lady of
the town her data was buried very well
the people of project nightmares found a
mysterious doll with a strong evil
energy wait what they found an evil doll
guys if you didn't know I am so scared
of dolls becoming alive
baby have you bloody haunted baby okay
he's bloody haunted okay come on let us
move on the man in the store told them
that he got the door in a forgotten town
in the South okay so what does that mean
what's going on what what find the door
that protects the mysterious evil energy
there's a door okay let's concentrate oh
my god guys look at this game look how
scary this bloody game is right now the
guys have a big steak where's that what
I said was that it looks like that I'm
trapped in a haunted house guys I have
no idea what the story even means okay
all right let's just calm down all right
let's just look in the bloody notebook
okay
oh so bloody confession too bad I can't
bloody read let's put this shit down oh
my god Christ is this actually
terrifying oh no there's a phone can I
bloody call the police hello police the
bloody phone okay I'm really trapped in
ordered house no answer
okay god damn it even the police aren't
gonna bloody help me oh my god why is
that door open I'm coming towards the
door no one scare me boys everyone just
stay calm okay a soul war
oh don't close on myself visit me
anyone's in it maybe there's a draft
oh no nobody lock the door with this
shit you need a key okay I'm sure this
place is funny all right why do they
have multiple phones in their house I
don't know don't ask me questions okay
let's just keep walking okay I'm sure
everything's gonna be fine all right
just creepy things just posted on the
walls you know
candles okay stuff in the money drawer
is a crucifix can I take it off the wall
no I can't even Blazers can't bloody
save me wait this is the same book that
I just walked past did I go in a circle
way I think I just went in a circle um
okay I'm really confused
what does shit was that is that a person
you guys see that okay look where I'm
looking right now don't tell me that's a
shade of a person that what's going on
wait that course is upside down that
cross wasn't upside down before was it
oh come on Brandon stop being a bloody
pussy and go oh shut up used to be
paintings alright the paintings about
talking to me okay
this wasn't a person it was the the
shadow of the bottle but I could have
sworn I went okay well maybe I'm joking
because I'm so blase scared maybe I just
walked in a circle okay is the door
going to close again okay I was
expecting that okay we got a piano over
here okay can i play some songs
enough playing piano okay we have to
bloody explore this bloody horn did
house okay so I'm gonna go over here
okay oh my god I think I just went in a
circle
okay guys I'm scared everyone just stay
calm we got a left on the right - I pick
left I pick right oh my god left this
dog right isn't weight right kind of
looks like something I've seen before so
let's go left takes us to a table oh god
guys I kind of look out the window
alright alright let's check what's in
these drawers okay
nothing while I were checking his shitty
ass drawers okay there's nothing always
in them is there anything out the window
no okay good because that shit would
terrify the shit out of me look guys we
have found a bloody door okay guys this
could be it this could be our bloody
salvation let's leave this bloody
haunted house go shit turning around
easy okay this is a game I'm just a
shitty painting left on the floor okay I
have to go back where I came now please
don't jump-scare me game okay
I don't like jump scares okay I'm sure
left isn't a dead end I'm sure left wait
now this was left no no we're going
right now I'm gay I'm so goddamn good
music
Oh oh my lord this is just terrifying
guys this is the most terrifying
experience thing I've ever seen
okay I haven't gone through this buddy
stress in a while alright toy here's
gonna go off again okay we're gonna play
Q horror game where I'd be like so scary
but this is bloody terrifying what the
shit was that it's fine okay this place
is haunted I know and the person that
was living here was practicing
witchcraft but uh you know I'm sure that
wasn't a demon oh my god what the shit
is this you can run but you can't hide
in every ritual or of spiritual
invocation a magic circle with sort is
traced this serves to protect people
from evil entities since they can not
cross it whoa I just passed and you're
trying to tell me that I have to go back
oh my god guys icon icon
just be careful everyone just be careful
okay I'm sure she's not gonna kill me oh
I just just avoid her at all times
oh god I can hear up reading open-open
she won't past oh my god guys I can't do
this I can't do this okay Jesus Christ
is the most scariest experience I've
ever had the salt wall the soft walls go
go go run run Oh am i safe now
oh my god damn safe oh my god this game
is so dumb and stupid I hate this game
oh my god guys I can't do this I'm sorry
guys oh my do i what do I do now I can't
go through this okay oh she's there
so she can't get past the salt wall but
like oh my god guys I Wow okay it's fine
I've calmed down now okay it's fine all
right doors lock the game of course is
there one door that is unlocked in this
damn house okay I think I'm safe from
the evil woman all right it's scary to
think that she'll be here but I believe
that the salt will save me okay don't
jump-scare me no jobs go me okay it's
fine I think okay this way it was just
the radiator okay I mean it made me a
little bit uneasy but I think I'm going
the right way I'm so scared every corner
I'm just looking around okay hate this
game while I decide to make this shitty
horror game okay I didn't make this
horror game I played this or you know I
mean okay so we found the door that
protects the mysterious evil energy but
now needs a
find the key that opens the door with
the horrible symbol okay so now we need
to search for a key I imagine I I don't
know what's going on guys honestly what
was that okay well thanks for that game
hahahahaha that's gross screaming woman
happened nope nope nope just give me a
shitty key I found the Ouroboros key
okay we found the key now it's just use
the key to open the door is it the door
to leave okay please tell me it is okay
because I don't want to be here anymore
oh god guys that means I'm progressing
in the story of this board jobs good
okay okay okay it's fine it's fine all
right
we'll get through this right don't be a
pussy now and look at the comment
section I know I know you like guys all
right just stay calm oh shit I'm gonna
protect you okay just everyone stay calm
I met yourself we'll protect you okay
guys so I think we need to go back pass
the salt wall that means we need to go
back to where that woman is okay that's
gonna be scary but we'll get through it
don't worry okay here we go the salt
wall let's go back in I can't manage you
do this you can do this you can do this
I mean okay so I'm gonna lock it in on
me again please don't I can hear her I
could go down here oh I have a key but I
have no idea where to put it
oh she's oh my god she was there did you
see her guys I saw all my bloody god I
bloody saw how bloody scary isn't it I
think that's it I think that's it
oh no guys if she buddy comes out where
am I gonna go okay read the make sure
just come okay all right all right come
on we could make
what that was the whole game oh my god
okay CS is something that I forgot to
mention is that this game is in early
access so yeah it's not complete yet but
holy shit that shit was the most
terrifying thing ever okay okay guys I
think I'm gonna end the video there if
you like the idea of mess yourself doing
horror games I used to do them way back
in the day but you know what like I want
to start doing like once a month at
least you know just this or keep the
variety of content going so I would say
if this video reaches 30,000 likes okay
then I will do like a horror video every
month not all the time cuz you know I'm
not really into playing horror all the
time but I do want to keep it as a
series
either way though thank you guys so much
for watching I hope I didn't scare you
too much it definitely didn't scare me
and yeah I'll see you in the next video
man so the guys love you ba ba
