can't believe I'm playing this hello
everyone
smash yourself here and welcome to Sims
3 time and time again people alike show
us a bit just look I can't you me both
know that I can't so I start off by
making slut and sims 3 so you guys can
get a rough idea start off with her
color she was black she was so totally
black
she was the blackest girl in my school
look at her spin oh wow slut slut slut
calm down calm down haven't I think
you're having too much fun spinning
around there sad okay let's
no she wasn't black she was as white as
snow there we go I think that's fine
yeah no no slut calm down calm down slut
okay was she little fat can't remember
whoa
this was slut oh jeez damn that ass she
can't see me very well
is that you Brandon thank you guys I
should have told you something a long
time ago slut was a slob as a clown oh
shit well this is the part of the video
where all my subscribers fat so let's
see what personality did slut up what
was she oh yeah she was definitely
absent-minded is there a skill for
slutty nurse no damn it oh yeah oh yeah
here we go here is the big one over
emotional boom there we ask the only
skill yeah you better cry you stupid
bitch inappropriate yep there we go
inappropriate
you listening slut I'm describing you oh
don't take note of me stupid girl having
a go at me she's always having a go at
me at a that now okay there we go
there is slut ladies and gentlemen
that's
we know slut goddamnit she loved to spin
guys I can't tell you enough how much
she wanted to spin okay screw it let's
do me that'd be fun
we'll make me and me and slut we'll be
in a very short-term relationship don't
you worry about that okay is the fun
part now we're gonna get to the fun part
my skinny guys let's make me just a bit
over the top just a smidgen over the top
muscle size not too much I'm not gonna
brag or anything not too much hair I
could put on me
damn son damn where's the selection for
penis oh yeah this is exactly how I go
to sleep ladies and gentlemen no god
damn it Brannon just as bad as slut
Jesus Christ
okay one more sim and let's make a baby
that is not mine but is sluts and we
hates baby slut because we hate children
let's play with genetics come on make a
goddamn baby bird what the hell is that
those definitely smart baby daddy my
baby man I swear I used a condom man
that ain't my baby all right so what we
doing here we're a slug on where slut
goes there she is what this slut playing
with my kids children toys Wow fucking
immature little girl aren't you your
little immature little girl could you
maybe was baby doing Brandon go pick up
the baby
pick up the baby what can I do with the
baby do something put toys away be a
good little boy Brandon go downstairs
and have a wank
come on stairs another wank what is this
let's go let's go shopping
yeah shopping montage oh what's this
look at my beanie shake that I guess
which guess which house is buying you
guys oh yeah it's not the one that
shaped like a penis or anything select
your destination why can we go in this
game that's that's the real question
here I guess what does this ever fresh
to light supermarket whoa look at me I'm
so beautiful I'm so beautiful I love you
so P Oh where'd you go
look at me drive look at my sexy ass car
damn Ram was no lady there wait
old lady no where you going where are
you going
Brandon Brandon let's make a telephone a
story story time with meshes no it's
wrong video god damn it I think I'm
telling him the story about oh wow when
I called my boy globby noir lobby new
Taj
now you laughing now is it fake or real
ah we're friends
we're friends oh hello beautiful
hello Agnes give you a nice friendly
introduction
how you doing bitch what'd she look like
her she's an old woman I like old women
ah
oh my god she sounds like a man
god damn dude sounds like a man let's be
romantic
let's ask what's your sign baby come on
you tell me deport oh my god she sounds
like a man
come on let's let's be let's be a
romantic
yeah let's massage if she's single come
on to be single
come home with me bitch Abram on what is
she Jamaican now Abram and I'm a single
let's go and ask her to flirt with me
Mon what's the name Agnes compile
crumpled bottom I want to crumple your
bottom
why is the baby making noise he's
sleeping what what is going on
baby you sleeping baby so cute look a
little baby slut he's so cute
staring a slot in the puffed up staring
a slut in the puffed up staring a slide
in the buff top now I'm going to have a
shit baby what you doing what the hell
is this baby doing baby you're freaking
me out man maybe slut you're freaking me
out
why are you loving god damn you so ugly
no it's not Pokemon that god damn it
baby
alright shut up baby me and slut are
gonna get it on I can feel it nerd me
let's get it on Brandon relax
sluts no what are you doing slut slut
relax relax come on you're gonna get it
on with Brandon come on yeah cue the
sexy music
oh come on Brad you won't have some good
old six let's do this nice and slow
Brandon I want you to know where you
going where you going
no no relax sluts be uh cuddle in bed
yeah
cuddling beds look I can see up sluts
Kurt can I uh I know I can't that's kind
of it that's kind of pervert anyway
step one guys step one step two
give me a little kiss give Brandon a
little kiss what else can we do about
dishes why are you complaining get it on
that let's get it on let's do more well
we can make out I'm gonna get laid
tonight seriously how old am I really
just slut really need this much foreplay
oh my god - gee that mode Consular have
sex with him sex with him sex with him
what's woohoo yay woohoo is woohoo sex
is woohoo sex is it I know huh what is
this what is oh my god oh my god oh my
god
alright slut calm down geez man I mean I
know it's I know it's that big but come
on that was quite quick
I swear guys I swear it wasn't that
quick in real life I swear I swear no
I'm serious
so anyway this has been the Sims 3 I
just wanted to have sex with slut on
Sims 3 if you want more of Sims 3 then
let me know in the comment section below
if not then don't it's fine yeah if you
enjoyed please hit the like button below
if you're new subscribe and yeah I'll
see you in my next video bye
