hello everyone and welcome to hard time
a free game that is set in a prison and
I'm telling you guys now that this game
is quite fun I'm not gonna live and
playing this game for a long time let's
start a new game I've made a game called
50 cent I've made a game called Big Boss
but I'm gonna start a new game for you
guys so what should we name our prisoner
my prisoner is called the Kunti R and he
is a very intelligent man and he was
locked up for child abuse the sick
bastard
I'm sorry but that doesn't look like a
child unless ty don't know what the hell
does and now we are in court no oh my
god the judge has got sunglasses we can
tear this court has been a click use or
you of child abuse Oh No and heard your
defense the trials gone on long enough
and I find you guilty no I said used 248
days really that's not that much at all
that may not be a long time but it will
be hard time oh the games cool dirty
alright the Kunti er that's you
processed you're now known as prisoner s
10 s 10 that means you're in cell 10 off
the softball okay s but it's really
convenient so the question is what can
we do in these prison halls now as you
can see there are a lot of rooms now as
you can see we also have there are
various stats we have strength agility
intelligence and reputation strength is
obviously how strong we are which comes
in handy if we ever want to hit these
prisoners or these wardens and get our
own back agility affects your speed as
you can see I'm running very slowly
because my agility is only 30% and we
can also raise our intelligence by going
into the study and revising something
that I should be doing right now but
instead playing a video game and also we
have reputation which we can also
increase by just attacking the warden so
I my agility is very low so let's get
that up by going into the exercise lord
yeah
Hey oh look we're outside Wow look at
those pill dings Wow they're like right
next to me but they look like that
they're meant to look like they're far
away oh god running running running
running in the exercise yard run run run
run run run yay my cutie is now 31% I
feel like a new man now we can also
increase our strength by going on the
weights come on get on get on come on
just you have to walk forward into it
and it's very annoying there we go
whoo-hoo 51 strength come on I can do
this
51 strength I am a new man attention the
prison is being locked down for the
night all inmates should return to their
home cell I'm trying to so if these guys
catch me lurking about in outside of my
cell I will get shit on so let's let's
let's go home no get away from me hey
s-10 didn't you hear the buzzer this
place being locked down for the night
you're supposed to be in the South Block
get back there before I drag your sorry
ass I'm trying to run there please be
south block please be south block please
be sad block don't hurt me warden don't
help me warden
it's the South Block yes get in ah thank
God sleep so sleeping increases our
happiness which is that little smiley
face on the top and it also increases
our health which is obviously the health
back at the top attention lockdown is
over all inmates should wake up and
resume their rehabilitation okay so it's
seven o'clock so we waken up let's do
some shenanigans so there are various
ways of making money so at the moment
I'm going to the hospital because I am
so intelligent that they are gonna let
me play with the chemicals and make
money yay hey what are you doing with a
syringe
welcome to the medical Bay as 10 this is
where if you come if you feel weak you
can rest your bones on the beds will
help the healing process by concocting
some chemicals okay I love other guys
behind me just watching my every mood
he's like good good make those chemicals
make those chemicals Oh where's that God
gone where is he gone oh my god he's
still looking at me look good nape those
gamma good now kandia I'm very proud of
you he's a samurai sword Anna oh my god
they're just leaving a sword here give
me the sword
yes I have a sword
warden you see nothing I'm gonna go kill
the warden wouldn't die Oh No always
welcome to workshop hello and welcome to
the workshop you get paid to reduce shit
yeah like weapons I'm gonna kill this oh
no he just had me give up my weapon
hey they come to you that's my sword
give it back no never it's mine you
better you know to use it cuz I'm gonna
kick your ass no you're not okay maybe
is no it's not hey stop where you are we
doing with that sword okay we've just we
just had this conversation die war and
die die help me teammates
I mean inmates help me the wardens
trying to kill me yes he's helping me
oh no I by sin II hit him no I I hit my
friend I might know these to a fire now
don't hurt me the warden supposed to
kill the warden I know the wardens gonna
kill me no how can I my sword
no he just picked on the wrong fight
s-10 you're under arrest
how am i under arrest in a prison how
the hell did I end up back in court
what the hell what the hell we're
gathered to hear the case against
prisoner s10 so warden Compton what's
the story
Aston's become so aggressive that even
ask wardens aren't safe around his
outbursts oh stop being such a purse
okay you can spokes stop bickering I'll
settle this just give me a minute to
think over the facts oh please be
innocent please be innocent
ah for goodness sake maybe another five
days we are for goodness sake can't you
what are we gonna do with you god damn
it man
okay I'm back in my cell I'm gonna go
and have some sleepy poo oh wait now my
cells downstairs I'm gonna go back to
sleep and regen some helps so I can
finish the job
on that stupid warden uh-oh this guy's
running in with a machete no quick give
me his machete yes now kill the water
and kill the warden it's just gonna be
sitting to be bad I know the wardens
dead
wasn't dead the wood instead yes the
wardens dead justice is served at last
attention one Compton's been found dead
uh-oh oh no who did such a thing they
should be put in prison ah
let's just kill my friend you know screw
it I don't care let's just kill him old
I kill him oh no I killed him quickly to
bed to bed ah now I can finally go to
sleep with a clear conscience now the
question is who can we kill ah jeez no
quick pick up this Misha pick up the
machete pick up the machete
you could have killed someone with that
weapon oh for goodness sake I'm under
arrest again bla bla bla bla bla we got
here today warden what happened this
animal was caught using a sword with a
weapon no I wasn't I was just holding it
I had nobody with that sword I just
happened to be holding it at the same
time after hearing your statements I'm
reviewing the evidence the court rules
in favor wolf please be me please be me
oh for goodness sake okay so where was I
oh yeah I was trying to kill that guy
kill that warden who put me in jail oh
no he is not getting away with that I
wouldn't die oh no you just picked on
the wrong fight s10 I'm under arrest
again yes I'm innocent for once yes look
at me in my Chinese face I am so happy
hey the country√≠s thanks getting rid of
Jerry for me yeah it's fine don't worry
about it just let me go eat some food oh
for goodness sake why's everyone talking
to me hey the country I know we were
responsible for goodness sake
he was dear friend of mine I don't care
after people would like that I killed
someone the other half do I hate me
because they were friend with them
there's a meat cleaver there but let me
eat some food first
no this waiver someone are so adorable
why is very laggy in here look at me
waving again I have so many friends in
prison hit him hit him hit him hit him
hit him he must die is he dead he's dead
is he dead attention warden Atkins been
found dead it wasn't me
yeah damn straight there was no
witnesses die die die die die die die
stop I can't take it anymore we leave me
alone for $40 no I'm
kill you hey candy look what you've done
I'll be scared for life because of you
okay I'm gonna kill you now you're so
gonna die
look you're soaked that you're so dead
no don't die cunt you oh no I'm lost an
arm I've lost an arm no aah what's going
on Arne I've lost an arm what is going
on I've lost an arm what the hell I
losted arm or the hell I'll come on
please
I'm so gonna die but I'm gonna go out
with a vengeance okay now for the last
time please die I'll get up cunt er
Jesus just go kill him he's so close to
death get him thank you I need that
broom no just die please you've taken my
arm use that as a broom he's dead yes
he's dead he's dead don't get back up
don't back up we go back up finally I've
killed him no thanks to you stupid sugar
tits
hey Conti I know we haven't seen eye to
eye in recent weeks what the hell I
thought were your friends yes now
actually forget it sugar tits you're a
traitor dyed sugar tits die die sugar
tits joy died you picked the wrong fight
s10 you're under arrest
Oh for god sake no way I'm back in took
someone treat me for my arm rows in
favor of the warden of course they do
another seven days and a hundred dollars
I don't even have a hundred dollars for
God's sake can't you can't you get up
grunting no no anyway guys this has been
hard time and it is free in the
description below if you guys want to
download it please be welcome to go in
the description and download it and
please if you do download and play it
tell me how it went because there is a
very special ending that I would love to
get to but I would leave that to you
guys so I want to feel you guys so much
for watching and I will see you in my
next video goodbye
