hello this is my face my first ever viel
OGG as people call it on YouTube it's a
very weird talking to a camera in this
case a webcam instead of talking into my
microphone it is it is bloody weird but
you guys a lot of you said do a vlog do
a V log why are you showing your face
I'm going to unsub if you don't show
your face and I was like well well well
calm down first of all I needed to get a
good enough camera to do the V log and I
got a ok webcam it's full HD that's what
I want it but it's not the best so I've
got a lot of a lot of stuff to discuss
with you guys so just sit back and
listen to what I have to say okay guys
number one the first thing is I am going
to make a vlog I've already made a vlog
channel about a hundred of you have
already subscribed to that vlog channel
so I'll ask a lot of you to go and
subscribe to my blog channel because I'm
going to be doing some fucking funny
shit on that channel I'm going to be I'm
going to be doing I'm gonna be going out
in public and I'm redoing funny videos
in public I'm just going to take the
piss out of people in public and gonna
do like regular vlogs like this but
there's gonna be like 10 times is more
funny so I don't know why you wouldn't
go subscribe so the channel name is
called British Brandon because I'm
British my name is Brandon so you want
to go and do that so yeah go subscribe
to that channel it will mean a lot to me
if we can get that to at least 500
subscribers I mean it is impossible to
make a new channel nowadays because I've
already made so I've already got so far
from this gaming channel so I'm going to
be focusing that focusing a lot of my
attention on that channel so if you
could subscribe to that channel that
would be awesome
okay um number two a thing that I have
to discuss is that my channel is going
completely it is completely changing for
2013 I mean yet sadly the world didn't
end I was kind of hoping the world would
end but it didn't so life goes on but
yeah I'm completely changing my channel
not this gaming channel in 2013 so I
tell you what I'm doing I'm clearing or
I'm getting rid of all the series except
the store
time that's the only series which
includes Cod that I'm going to be doing
and quite frankly I do not like black
ops 2 as much I think it's because I
played cod for so many years and it's
just gotten a bit too boring now so I'm
gonna still do story time and still post
Cod from just story time but I'm also
going to be doing a a new series where I
take the piss out of chat roulette I'm
going to take the piss out people in
chat roulette that's the reason why I
bought this sexy art HD webcam and a
snowball which I'm talking to right here
but you can't see it because I'm a
mastermind with this webcam but yeah so
the one series I'm keeping is story time
I'm chucking out every other series so
sorry if you enjoyed this series number
number two is on keeping the
chatroulette series I'm doing a
chatroulette series so yeah I hope you
guys will enjoy that and I'm going to be
doing another series but I haven't
thought about it yet that third series
oh that's what I remember with a third
thing a copper completely forgot the
third series I'm going to be in I'm
going to be doing new games I'm gonna be
playing new games I I'm telling you guys
I don't play cod anymore
I just wanna what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna showcase a game
and I'm just gonna basically tutorial it
and just basically show you in like one
twenty to thirty minute episode of how
great the game is and also it's going to
include my face that's the whole point
of me doing this series I want my face
to be part of the channel the story
times won't include my face but the
chatroulette and the new game series
that's going to be in that's going to be
including my face it's going to have my
little face in the top right-hand corner
right here or some shit like that
so yeah that's the I thought I had a lot
more to talk about but it looks like I
don't so that's it I've got the like I
said I've got a vlog channel so you want
to subscribe that subscribe to that
British Brandon um and also I've got a
new I'm rebranding the channel for 2013
and I hope you guys will support me I
mean you guys are such loyal subscribers
I just want to say thank you we've hit
like 13,000 subscribers which is
absolutely fucking amazing
so far
is a lot of people you know so I hope
you guys support me and what I do and
here's to a good year 2013 I'll see you
soon on my vlog channel because that's
where my vlogs are going to be so yeah
I'll see you and thank you so much I
love you
