whoo hello everyone how is everyone
doing in his master selfie today we are
going to be reacting to yet again what
would human lucky dog run so if you
don't know what what would you do is why
now is a TV show where they put people
in awkward cringy social situations the
videos I'm going to be watching today is
teacher hits on their own student now
this kind of sounds really messed up but
remember it's a TV show and some very
hands-on oh do you think anything from
school will me you let me worry about
that
jokes aside this teacher is gonna hit on
this tune incoming first off all right
this would never happen and secondly all
right this kind of does make me feel
uncomfortable okay because this has
happened some times in history
okay and because it's a woman teacher
like as a little boy you're probably
thinking but I do think it's a bit weird
and wrong that a little boy is hitting
on like a teacher okay first off that's
illegal and it's illegal because like as
a kid you don't really know how the
world works okay and that's not really
because of your age it's more because
you haven't really had that much
experience okay and I don't think any
adult should be taking advantage of
someone who's like under 18 in my
opinion now that serious brands out of
the way now I'm gonna be like your head
how will people react when the student
being targeted seems to be a Willie no
I'm joking
don't worry catch on cringy actually
alright a little boy thinking he knows
what he's doing Oh would you okay what
would I do okay I would stop the
situation okay our black boy all right
not only I wish I was you okay you can't
keep doing this okay
just delete a teacher alone all right
she's bad news and our hidden cameras
are rolling as our hot teacher strolls
on in cameras are golden crunchy just
coming in in the den how would you even
react to this okay I would be shocked
more than anything right away our
teachers behavior draws disapproving
glances from this couple I would think
anybody from schools in where everyone
can okay do you think what we're doing
is legal no it's cool here
I know let me worry about that there are
the most attentive students of her
behavior in the restaurant anyone anyone
they're doing something legal shape and
what you just gonna sit there or I'd be
like alright this is okay this is normal
between us oh you know they keep our
secret because I could get in a lot of
trouble yeah yes dirty now yet and
decide to secretly document what they're
seeing oh yeah are you tense
do you wanna massage she decides to put
a stop to this geez approaching in US
and she's approaching please
yeah that's how yourself with the entire
conversation yes I'm a teacher boy
because now I have your picture on my
phone so I'm gonna find out how to go
district-by-district you early all every
Channel 4 News
by the time I'm done so you decide on
what you're gonna do right
tell me the district or not but I'm
gonna tell you mine you're worse I know
this is all part of the show what would
you do well it's a pleasure to meet you
oh my god I got so annoyed will you be
annoyed okay if you got that emotionally
invested in the situation just for this
bloody John guys just be like okay we
showed calm down ladies a TV show I have
two sons that are teenagers and to watch
that was enough to make me sick yeah it
was being preyed upon and so I think
that it is our duty to be able to
protect kids okay yeah good point
okay I think this this is this dick a
lot of guts you know to go this far all
right I mean how be weirded out I don't
know but you know but I'll probably go
up to the boy you know if I was in that
situation all right because I would feel
a bit weird telling a teacher not to
sleep with this little boy that's kind
of a weird thing we're rolling again
that was pretty yeah we might as our
teacher turns up the heat
I want you to get it right I think you
know mom starts to burn
all right you know it's like something I
want to see Sebastian come on oh oh
granny's going you don't have to go buy
us time
yes we're just gonna go hang out we like
each other we're gonna spend time
together come on come on
he was about to sir the moral of the
story should be involved with you're
just some stupid kid okay and you don't
know how to use your own Willie all
right you think that you do but you
don't
okay just wait till you're old all right
all right don't try and hit on your
bloody teacher whatever jeez
throughout the day not everyone
confronts our teacher yeah for you have
you been working out on this little
boy's scrawny arms yeah yeah I'm sure
this like 15 year old is going to the
gym every day yeah but not noticing me
they felt so inappropriate and your
teacher you just can't help yourself
it's just like yeah I'm a teacher but I
love you when his teacher goes to find
the ladies room she's on her feet to
find some help
okay now our teacher is back and say
that he did go back to Pablo see coming
is she
know what happened did they leave
together
well kids gone or pita kisses he's a
teacher did they say it yeah lucky kid I
mean uh time for us doing that cool
thing okay
just a kid walk out if I was a little
girl out there I'm hundreds or no bloody
a nobody person would let that go logo
okay he's okay
he was an actor it cuts do that no yes
the right thing you talk to the manager
I just noticed something that was
incredibly wrong
you bet behind shaker then she hugged
him oh okay that's kind of cute alright
yeah but yeah you should say something
if you see something wrong that makes
you feel like that at all then then you
have to speak up okay come on now just
just just speak up alright so that was
teacher hits on student okay I think
children you know are born with a little
bit of innocence okay and that innocence
should probably stay there till they're
you know I'm this eighteen okay you know
what children all right you don't you
guys don't know how the world works
okay I'm 23 I still don't know how the
world works okay just just wait until
you're older okay kids or the next video
that we're gonna watching is what would
you do if your parents disapproved of
your son's plus-size girlfriend okay so
basically this guy's introducing his fat
girlfriend to his parents and his
parents you know don't like her because
she's fat okay which is such bullshit by
the way all right and I'm pretty sure
this conversation would never happen in
public like this but let's just watch
this dumb dumb clip honey we can't wait
to meet your girlfriend we've never seen
you happier you guys are gonna love her
she's amazing you're lovable and such a
big difference from any other girls
everyday difference okay
Oh mom dad this is Bethenny hi this is
your girlfriend oh yeah I see what you
mean by a big difference
just really roasted haha right in front
of you got just say that to people okay
I see what you mean by a big difference
Wow I would never have put you two
together what do you mean I'm just used
to seeing you with girls who are fit not
not like her okay that would be that
meaning person okay I don't think that's
the person out there who would be that
mean to say that someone's face come on
now a young man introducing his new
girlfriend to his parents now they're
fit and trim and they think she should
be too he thinks she's beautiful just
the way she was she is okay if you saw
this woman being shamed simply because
of her weight what would you do okay
already throw some food in those
people's faces okay that's what I would
do so what do you guys do for fun
oh I mean besides going out to eat come
on that's me you're making me so happy
right now
I'm Stephanie so nice to meet you guys
because that being so goddamn loud this
one Simas TV show okay they say
everything so loud so everyone can hear
so everyone's just immediately just
involved in that business so nice
through you guys I'm Bethany oh this is
my girlfriend yeah you are a big girl
welcome to start our parents make things
very uncomfortable yeah all of your
other friends were fit and thin and then
you bring Bethany is should fit the word
about life expectancy because she's out
of shape you clearly don't care about
your body but you guys in your lives now
it's ridiculous
yeah all right okay come on now as the
Sun okay if my parents tried to dis the
girl that I was dating okay do you think
I would tolerate that okay
I got a part of me would want to say you
know speak speak to the Sun okay and
stand up for your girl
all right and you up to your parents you
know no all right I'm just gonna have to
make me say it
Oh say she's fat
which is that F word gets the attention
of all of these customers because they
think you know you just said well I you
know what I don't think anything's gonna
get for you just have some respect this
is foreign and I gotta get out of here
for a second cover like that honey
particular ridiculous okay when Dad
steps away this man responds to the
parents belligerent oh just say some of
his own say something
we're worried about our son I'm just
saying what everyone else just thinking
maybe you should mind your own business
Oh mom takes his advice and heads out Oh
joins in they're all pitching in
Oh what should I do those guys
just be respectful yeah other people
forms you don't like how somebody looks
doesn't matter what's on the outside
what's in the inside that counts
yeah boost her hurt her self-image you
know because I feel she's gonna be
hurting so it's okay I'm glad everyone
you know decided to offend this girl
okay
but yeah what kind of weird-ass parents
alright I'll be so confused if some
random parents started saying all this
shit okay I'd be like who are you okay
what year is this just go home the
ferrets shaming of their sons girlfriend
continues all they happen you usually
date such girls you know this melon he
just doesn't want to hear it goes away
just folks away if these women had help
but move in to show their compassion
let's call this holding shit life lesson
mostly okay come on now always old
people would say that nice things okay
we roll again okay one last time baby
you're really his girlfriend said I'm in
love with this girl yeah but you're in
love with this girl when we send our
couple away Erica Obara doesn't hold
back
make sure she has some gravity donuts
off the counter he says make sure she
doesn't grab the tow nuts off the
countless this would not happen in her
life I would be shocked
I would I would have to say something
because I would just be shocked I would
just ask this guy what what is wrong
with you okay
so unhealthy that is though how are you
gonna judge someone by the size of their
body to know them personally yes her
values I'm gonna rub off on our sons
values come on now just trust your son
that he's with a nice girl who cares
what she looks like honestly dude I have
to date this girl okay why would I care
about my what my child what the person
my child dates I don't I don't
his girlfriend's have been thin always
we've talked
I think she already has any that's a
nice girl okay
she said everything right man she said
every single thing right she's so right
ears tell us I'm sorry but she's a bit
of an ugly crier let's be honest okay
okay all right guys you know what I
think I'm gonna end the video there yeah
okay what happened with this what would
you do is just just dumb and stupid okay
you know like don't ever ever fat shame
anyone especially like someone that like
you're like a family member cares about
you know like just just don't do it how
stupid can you be
you know you it just makes you look like
a stupid person okay this is some stupid
people out there in the world okay you
just don't know how the world works and
I think if you're this type of person
you're one of those people who are just
stupid and you know belong you know like
a cane or something either way guys so
much for watching this was what would
you do if we reach 20,000 lights I'm
gonna make another video on what would
you do because you guys are really
enjoying it and you know what I am too I
love watching the show in my spare time
so now that I get to just do it for
videos is fun because you know I love
this show and you guys seem to love it
too but yeah if you guys want to see
more 20,000 likes I will do it thank you
guys so much watching I'll see in the
next video but fuck
