what's up guys - mess yourself and today
I'm going to teach you how to get to the
Bowery knife and the Bowery knife
location now at the moment I'm in town
which is like the fourth stop no no no
I'm sorry it's the fifth stop on the bus
route including the first roofing where
you start so it's the fifth route or the
fourth journey you get to well on the
bus now first of all you what you want
to do is walk backwards from town to the
previous power room I think it was yeah
the power house
so basically want to walk straight
forward and then basically you want to
be going to the left now I would
recommend you go from town to the cab
lane rather than and the other way
around because it's a lot easier this
way see what's just place to give what
you want to do is just walk straight
forward and basically there's going to
be like a side parting on the left which
I'll just show you I'll just show you
and as you can see we're getting very
close now it's really hard to see it's
really hard to see from these little
guides attacking you so we're coming up
to a little cabin there it's right next
to some fire so when you see the fire up
you'll find the cabin and here is the
fire and there is the cabin just wanna
walk straight in the cabin and the
little buggers won't attack you one
you're in the cabin and here's the berry
knife so yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
the video don't forget to subscribe and
I'll see you in my next video
