hello everyone
Jarro everyone Oh everyone Jarro
everyone hello everyone it's mess
yourself in my name's miss yourself or
some guys mess yourself here my name's
mess yourself my name is mr. self hello
everybody - mr. self so yeah what gun am
i holding in my hands this big beast of
a garnish the l86 yes this is the mob
with every gun and yes I'm on the LMGs
and yes this is an l86 Moab this is the
marble the type 95 this is the pkp
pecheneg
Moab and is the peni II Moab yeah strike
a Moab come up with m4a1 the nb7 Moab is
md5 from Allah Moab with the mk46 this
is the MK 45 mr. Maher with mg36 I'm
leaving the m16a4 g36c mob and they
think my the CM 901 mower ak-47 no at
this week on mower with every girl haha
is the M 60 M 60 LMG allergy finish up
my fucking Moab
finish it off mr. self finish it off
call it in
what I think I saw him all every single
time I went there so it was a real
eye-opener for me and look at that my
life look at that mouth look at that
mower
nine tags just got at the end literally
shut myself at the end off but with a
shotgun I would know I can see them from
range yeah I got the map blech on ps3
where you couldn't record see I get them
a bit and to make a commentary in ages
and I just like talking to you guys at
first like I haven't talked to you guys
in ages when I say talk to you guys is
she meat talking to my computer screen
all around me just go away and I'm
literally one away from a mob right now
and I just like oh no - wait I love you
as much as a gay guy loves super bananas
I thought that was pretty clever look at
that sexy ass so yeah you're looking at
this score 61 tags what 61 tags you
better get the mouth fast got the mob
that can kind of keep knives a secret
and kind of surprise for you guys that
on only act like a hundred a couple of
hundred subs like like me like I'm only
on a few hundred subs and I would say
I'm a great commentator but I I think
compared to some other commentators who
deserve a whole lot less and then
compared to like someone not me but
compared to the context some of the
commentators that I've seen they deserve
a lot more trust me
