I get a kit a kit kit kit Q&A Q&A Q&A
proper blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah Q&A yeah I got a Q&A now
if you guys are following me on Twitter
you would know that I asked for Q&A
questions why aren't you follow me on
twitter yes I'm talking to you watching
what I'm talking to you yes you yeah
yeah you yeah yeah you Oh God
so yeah I just thought I'd do a Q&A and
I'm literally gave you guys a couple of
hours to give me Q&A questions because I
feel like and doing a comedy right now I
don't know why I'm talking so fast
because they're only well like ten
questions and I have to spam it out till
about five six seven minutes so I don't
know why I'm gonna talk very slowly now
okay so the gameplay you're watching is
a strike a Moab and this strike Ahmad
I'm very very very proud of it yeah who
cares about gameplay anymore but I'm
very proud of it so if you could give
the video a like I will suck your dick
okay so let's go with question number
one which comes from the unknown player
on a scale of 1 to meow how much do you
like cats well
definitely meow okay question number two
comes from Clark back there what are
your plans in the next five years
not YouTube well Thank You Claude factor
for taking an interest in my personal
life why the fuck aren't the rest of you
taking an interest I don't know I'm just
kidding guys so Clark factor to tell you
the truth I am going to do my I'm gonna
carry on doing my a-levels for the next
two years so and then on our third year
I'll go university for the next three
years so that's in the next five years
but then after five years just just a
little teaser you know just so you don't
have to ask me another question I am
going to be working at my mom's work
which is a very good company because
they have a Graduate scheme and I did
work experience there so I've pretty
much got a job there because they loved
me to bits they're like our measures of
coming you're such a good hard worker
and I'm like fuck off I know
right just fucking give me a 50k job and
we'll call it quits so yeah that's my
plans for the next five years plus so
let's have a look at the next question
and the next question comes from
wretched and he asked chocolate or
vanilla cake
do they have birthday cakes in England
well funny that you should ask that
Steve well basically in England when
it's your birthday your parents sit you
down on the dining table and make you do
a shit right on the table and then
basically they stick a couple of candles
obviously how many candles you are how
is the age you are and they stick a
couple of candles in that piece of shit
and then they all sing happy birthday
around the table so obviously that's
chocolate cake so the next question mess
yourself comes from gamer gasm 201 what
got you into making youtube videos now
what got me into gaming was just like
just I was obviously playing games from
ps1 but what got me into YouTube videos
I don't actually know what got me into
YouTube videos into making YouTube
videos I thought I guess it's just
watching like the legends for on I guess
what got you actually know that and now
I think about it when I see all their
like the support that people give such
youtubers it makes me think I want that
you know look how much support and like
how much support this guy's getting just
by making YouTube videos some people
have some people that on YouTube are
their idols you know and just and like
everyone wants to be famous in life you
know everyone wants to be famous even
though they're famous at doing nothing
you know
but like I just kind of want that like I
really love the attention that you guys
are giving me on YouTube so yeah I just
I kind of want that you know what got me
into making YouTube videos I guess it
was just like I would want to be like
the legends I just want to be like the
legends are serious mess yourself
strikes again okay a little bit next
question I got a couple more questions
how am I good how am i doing on time
oh shit I'm doing quite bad on time oh
shit okay pet she asked how many
girlfriends have you had why are you so
awesome how did you get noticed on
YouTube hope this helps out a lot where
hopes has helped
it's how are you helping me I'm joking I
needed questions thank you this did help
me a lot how many girlfriends I've ever
had I've had three girlfriends counting
the one I'm currently having four I
currently have now and but I've had a
lot of flings with a lot of girls so
that doesn't really count as a
girlfriend you asked how many
girlfriends I had I've told you how many
girlfriends I've had about three so yeah
why you so awesome it's because
basically my dad a dick slapped me and
his dicks is full of awesome when I was
younger so yeah Wow how did I get
noticed on YouTube basically I started I
started with the network Josh and I
joined Yash recruit and that was pretty
much I started from there and basically
he's got interacted with a couple of
youtubers I think I've got an
interactive with Marley 13 he has like
$8 there's 9th hour he has 10,000
subscribers now and I met him when I he
had 600 so yeah that was a big big thing
for me so yeah that's how I got noticed
I guess I kind of just done a lot of
marketing and just research Nathan
Williams asked me will you fondle me now
after searching fondle on obviously
Google I would definitely fondle you
funnel you right up your ass super
banana 24 the man with the super banana
asked me how much do you love me
well super ma√±ana I love you is more I
love you as much as a gay guy loves
super bananas I thought that was pretty
clever look at that sexy ass no AB
subject 1500 ask me what it's all the
equipment you use well I use a HD PVR
and I use a ah I use a converter for my
component cables because I do not have a
component I don't have a component TV
either HDMI TV but yeah it's kind of
kind of a boring question subject 1500
you absolutely legend I see you so much
on my channel I love you so much and pet
she asked me another question
will you ever do a setup video which
kind of inter links with the past video
I actually was going to do a setup video
for my 5000 subscribers but I do not
have the camera and I will not dare to
show 480p 480p is that
all that changes showing you 480p or
other posts of 480p should fucking die
we're in the 21st century
720p FTW so yeah I actually finished the
Q&A just in time thank you so much for
your beautiful questions and if you guys
want me to do another Q&A just let me
know in the comment section below but
thank you for watching this far I love
you guys I will suck your dick soon I
love he went off with that girl and then
I went off with my co and then we
started talking and then she was
actually really easygoing and I actually
got on for her in the night and I was
like I was pretty chuffed about that oh
wow this is this is the first time
that's happened I've met you in the same
day and I'm getting off on you in the
same night so yeah anyway so I
