in 2002 a crack commando unit was sent
to play game battles to win a GB and
they had no chance to win they promptly
lost every game and decided to seek for
a win that they truly deserved today
still wanted by the government they
survive as shit players at card if you
have a problem if no one else can help
and if you could find them maybe you
should hire the crap and card team
dad-dad
yeah yeah yeah Falmouth mal mal mal mal
Shaff an ALP an an an L pal pal pal by
now now now now now now now now now now
now now now now now okay that's enough
I'm pretty sure if I do any more it's
subject to copyright so we're back with
another episode of crapper codes yeah we
haven't won any games yet but I'm pretty
sure we're very close I mean come on
guys look at our record ah get it away
so the team that we were up against were
team raged ps3 trademark sign
hashtag GB now this team didn't actually
look very good at all in fact they had a
pretty shitty record so we may have had
a chance of this but the thing that was
most scary about it
they had a HD PVR so the first map was
locked down Oh mess yourself I'm tired
of lockdown you've bladed too tough so I
started with the usual tactic I just run
around just slide down you know just
wait for someone to come oh I got a kill
yes I run down here and I get up another
kill yes Diamond gets another kill yes
and our search finished the round yes
okay that's getting old now yes Jesus
Christ
so we've won the first round told you
these guys were shit seriously man who
the fuck is falling who the fuck is
flying every time there's a fucking far
I seem to fucking lose this fucking
round fuck fuck fuck so for the next
round it's pretty boring start by
managed to pick up a kill the first
blood where hey well done but then I
died because I diamond should have been
covering me stupid bitch anyway our
snitch plots the bomb and then I diamond
gets the final killcam giving us the 2-1
lead looks like we're gonna win the game
looks like we're gonna win the game
oh look what I've done I've added some
dramatic music oh the mood has suddenly
changed what's going on mess yourself
he's scaring me what's going on I'll
tell you what's going on Oh get a kill
oh oh get a kill
oh where do you think you're going sit
down motherfucker I'm gonna get a
headshot on you huh throw a flashbang
huh I can still see you motherfucker huh
yeah yeah yeah
finish the round finish the round three
one motherfucker
umm umm yeah yeah look at this final
kill look at this final kill you don't
know what you're doing
ah yeah yeah three-one three-one yeah
yeah yeah fifth round now we're still
going yeah yeah we'll still go in huh oh
I see a person I see a person oh there
he is
sit down motherfucker sit down
motherfucker yeah yeah last alive last
alive we're go get him go get him
yeah yeah oh shit
so we've won the first round but the
know what to say but subscribe for the
next episode and I'll see you next week
bye yes
