hello children it's story time with mesh
yourself um okay guys hello this my new
series and it's story time
where I tell you guys stories about my
life whether they may be true or not
yeah there's a twist to it basically
guys I'm gonna tell you a story and it's
going to be about my life and then at
the end of the video you're gonna write
me a comment and say whether the story
that I've just told is either fake and
didn't happen or was it real that it did
actually happen in my life and it's
probably going to be an embarrassing
story because I've realized that a lot
of shit has happened in my life which is
quite entertaining or could be quite
entertaining so I just thought I'd let
you know or it just gives me a chance to
just live a bit you know so another
feature of this series that you guys can
take part in is that you can submit your
own game play now if you have a HD PVR
on Xbox you can send it to me via
unlisted on youtube just send me the
link or if you're on ps3 you can just
add me on ps3 and I'll record it on your
phone share easily so this week's
gameplay the gameplay comes from can
opener and it's sick friend of that I
met on YouTube when I just a random
lobby and yes so that it's a double g36c
mob which is absolutely amazing
so the his name is on screen and will
remain on screen throughout the video so
without further ado let's start this
story okay now basically when I was
about six maybe seven years old me and
my sister used to go to the swimming
pool with my mum and my dad didn't take
me it was just my mum my sister and
myself and so we used to go about once a
week and it was basically the only
outdoor activity we could do even though
it was technically indoors but so we
went we went to swimming pool every week
and because when you walk in swimming
pool that the girls change rooms are on
the left and men's change rooms on the
right and I was unfortunately too young
to go to the boys change room so I
actually
go to the girls changing rooms along
with my mother and sister and they're
not you're thinking that's kind of
that's kind of sucks for me it was kind
of embarrassing but it wasn't for me
because I saw plenty of boobs I was
about seven years old and I probably saw
the most boobs of throughout my friends
so that was a huge bonus just women
walking around topless they were
thinking oh look at the cute little kid
he doesn't know what he doesn't know
what boobs are doesn't matter I knew
what boobs are I knew her boobs up
anyway that's not the story so basically
we used to go swimming and me and my sis
start for about an hour and then my mum
used to sit in the sitting area and
watch a swim for an hour and then she
used to come back to the change rooms
and get us changed bearing in mind I was
seven years old remember I was seven
years old so one time me and my sister
were finished so we gave my mom a little
wave saying mum we're done now so then
we went back to the girls changing rooms
and what usually we would wait around
for my mum to get all the toiletries
together and to give us it and for us to
go have a shower and get changed and
then she would get she would get has
changed so um she gave us all the
toiletries and she I usually went to go
at my shell first now what I would do is
I would go in in my swimming costume and
then take off my swimming costume and
then just throw it out throw it out and
at the out the curtain place where I was
having my shower
yeah the out the curtain and I threw it
out right and then I was like mum did
you get it and I didn't get any answer
but I just thought now screw it I'm just
going to keep having my bath so oh oh
yeah something I forgot to add my
swimming pool was absolute disgusting
the the hygiene of the swimming pool was
simply awful like there was all these
bandages or just some kids just like I
don't know peeing in the swimming pool I
mean there's one time this kid just
randomly pignon swimming pool and then
it's all this big yellow stream and I
just ran out screaming ah this guy's
pinyon and then everyone's just like
looking at him and then the kid just
doesn't give a shit that's not the story
I'm getting really
attracted I'm terrible at telling
stories so yeah this my swimming pool is
actually disgusting and what's in the
swimming pool in the swimming pool
shower may I add a sock
I mean who leaves a sock in the swimming
pool which is a wet sock I don't know
where it's been
it's just like it's disgusting so I'm
basically having my shower on one side
of the shower the socks on the left side
and I'm like squeezing the wall hugging
against hugging the wall on the right so
yeah I trap my swimming costume at
outside and I finished my shower and
then usually when I finish my shower I'm
like mom I'm done and then put my hand
up for the towel so I was like mom I'm
done I put my hand out for the towel and
I get no answer and I was like thinking
shit she's probably gone to dress my
sister so that I was poking my head out
and then I was just like I was waiting
and I waited for a good five minutes I
was poking my head out every now and
again and I just didn't know what to do
and I was literally scared like five
minutes or like yeah good five minutes
is a long time when you're seven years
old because you're thinking wow where
the hell she'd been could she leave me
did she leave me I was getting changed I
was I'm still in my shower and she's
already left me maybe she's gone home I
was literally shitting it so I was
literally didn't know what to do because
I was naked and my swimming costume
wasn't there so I know my mom must have
been there at some point so I was
literally shitting it so I didn't know
what to do but I had to leave I had to
leave it was been five minutes and I was
literally shitting it I actually thought
my mom left me at assuming pole so what
do you think I did what do you think I
did I grabbed that sock and put it on my
penis
I grab the sock put it on my penis I
don't know why I did it
but on my penis I walked out of the
swimming of the shower hoping no one
would see me I walked round the corner
and then my mum is there and then she's
looking at me like what the fuck are you
doing what the fuck are you doing and
then like all the people although women
around me are just looking around
sniggering I was just like shit why the
fuck did I do that
yep so guys leave me a comment and tell
me if that story did actually happen or
was it a lie but yeah I'll see you next
week with new story time and remember to
submit me some gameplay if you want to
be featured in that top right-hand
corner so I'll see you around and I hope
you enjoyed this story bye bye guys
