in a world of competitive gaming lies
again destined to win a GB but fail
immensely and now is up to one man to
bring their clan to justice coming in
about one minute sorrow I still don't
have a kill oh hey guys advanced cats
crap at cards uh mess can we just start
the episode now yeah sure why not buddy
as you can see the first map was pucara
and as it was a huge map I decided to
stick with my LMG class didn't know what
to do as this clan was ninth best in
Europe so I decided to look around to
see if there's anyone in this middle
section no one as you can see so there
must be someone flanking on the left
there they are
the right wait a minute riot shields
they're using bloody riot shields what
do they want to give us the game anyway
it still has to be dramatic let me just
tell us format music on yeah so of
course we had to kill the first couple
of you riot shields weren't the best way
to win the first GP but hey they were
using it so three enemies left now and
all of them fighting for their lives us
not knowing what to do
throwing stuns and nades hoping to get a
kill explosion like you just saw anyway
one left now and he wasn't taking shit
from no one fighting for his life we had
no idea what to do he managed to fight
out this corner picking off everyone
single one of our enemies except for me
so one on one situation but I was
obviously wasn't taking it as I'm
familiar with the riot shields and
easily pick off the final kill giving us
a one-nil lead in the rounds yeah look
at that kill game anyway
dramatic one nil we have won the first
the next round now and they managed to
plant but killing every enemy except for
one we decided to go for the quick
defuse unluckily for us that the last
enemy picks off our the person must have
using and we fail to defuse the bomb
unlucky could have gone either way one
one was still in it we've still got a
lot of rounds to go
now for the next round we managed to
plant the bomb but after being
overwhelmed by smokes riot shields and
throwing knives they defuse and we lose
the third and now for the next round me
being last alive I struggled to defeat
the riot shields and get killed by a
grenade losing the next round but no we
are not finished then the next round now
and we have to win this we have to win
this we're still in this game are such
kills off one enemy from range two more
now stuns the riot shield er picks off
the kill one more left now come on are
such you can do it
there he spots him he stays calm shoots
a couple of bullets throws his stuns and
of course gets the final killcam sit
down motherfucker
sit down two three
we're still in this we're still gonna
win my turn to share
enough for the dubstep as I pick up two
double knife kills and pick up the
another two in the killcam making for
how to fight enemies in my wrath three
three one more round we will about to
make history beating the clan when we
are the worst clan in Europe we will win
we will win oh come on so we lost the
second round but we still have one more
round left stay tuned to find out if we
will beat one of the best clans in
Europe or if it's just another loss
probably a loss but stay tuned subscribe
like and I'll see you next time
