hello guys and welcome to yeah
do you like the thing yeah
wait what and we're back with another
episode of cram picaud last time at crap
ed good this time at crap at cards
hang on we don't even know what team
were up against yet
Oh for fuck's sake
so not only that we were up against one
of the best clans in the whole of Europe
they've never actually lost a game in
fact they actually pay good money real
money to be entered into game battles
tournaments so yeah we are pretty much
screwed from the start but we had no
choice
so we met as a player so I've managed to
pick off a couple of kills from the
beginning one in fact and another one
gets stolen
Aiden picks up the camping cunt in the
corner and then surprise surprise we
actually win the first round but only
because we realized that the enemy team
were playing with five players when it
was a six versus six their loss I guess
their loss I then changed my class from
a black man to a white man and that's
probably why we lost the second round or
maybe it's because they're six player
actually connected I decided to use the
same technique as if in the first round
since we actually won the first round
and I actually pick up a kill we somehow
managed to plan and we actually somehow
managed to win the third round mine fuck
isn't it fourth round now and yet I pick
up another kill for my team but
eventually we all drop like advanced
UAVs testicles
hey guys advanced know Tim's lost alive
now in a four in one situation
Delta get ready
so it's 3:3 now the last round we've
actually managed to go three three on
two overtime to a clan that's one of the
best in Europe reality player gets a
kill but then it pretty much goes all
pear-shaped when I hear this fucking
stupid noise you know I'm just gonna
skip right to the end where I show you
the final score right yeah good work
turns out the cocky pricks one to the
right shield final killcam but it turns
out that I've got one of the most epic
kill cams in the whole of GB history so
yeah
what you kids doing out the basement
will crop it Godwin their GP subscribe
for the next episode of crapper Cod whoa
I'm a ghost
