hey guys and welcome to this new series
that I have crap at Cod's where me and
my friends challenge the best clans in
the whole of Europe through MLG for you
guys who don't know what MLG is it's a
gaming website where clans from all over
the world play against each other in
competitive gaming and as other clans do
we play to win cut the goddamn music of
course I'm not being fucking serious so
yeah our clans called crapper Cod we've
played 62 games and only won 5 that
means 57 losses that is 8% win now of
course nobody likes to lose so we're
gonna keep on trying and keep on trying
until we can actually win a decent
amount of games so yeah I might as well
just jump straight into it the clan that
we were up against will don't buy the SN
they have played 55 games and won 19 of
them but that means they've also lost 36
but that's still a 35% win so statistics
weren't on our side but let's see how we
did so for game battles we usually play
Search and Destroy we buried from 3
VIII's to 6 v sixes the first map was
locked down we pretty much started like
we usually start game battles without a
fucking clue what we're doing so we're
just trying to find out some tactics and
basically we rush to a point and then
start camping until one of them sted so
then we feel more comfortable but at the
point that you're seeing right now I was
actually quite happy we had Owen
covering the far left we had reality
player covering the far right kinda and
we had our stitch cover in the middle
now we were actually lucky enough to get
the kill for the first blood it was
started off 3-2 a quick easy kill bomb
was down we had a good going for us but
then
so yeah in a flash for three turned into
three - so me shitting my pants I
decided to try and kill the flankers
that didn't turn out very well so it was
up to reality player and I think he
would actually was going to go okay
never mind so we lost the first round
big deal I still think we had a good
chance of winning this so me just trying
to pick off people from range I decide
to see what's happening this middle part
I can't possibly think that they can
possibly get their first fucking head
glitching cunt my teammates actually do
level it to three three
but unfortunately the luck doesn't last
very long yeah so we all died so I
decide enough is enough if I want to
kill I have to fucking rush so I decide
to rush through in the middle and then
rush to the left I decided to lie down
prone here and see if enemies are here
nope seems clear
I might as well just go Russia fucking
knifing I still don't have a kill so
yeah long story short we lost the round
but I'm sick of this score we are going
to come back insert dramatic music
insert border insert black and white I'm
going to change my play style we will
not go out down without a fight
we are still going to win this mark my
words
Oh for fuck's sake
yes oh they get double kid with a
grenade and I get killed from behind and
then ostrich gets killed by a sniper
it's best out of three games and the
second map was downturn and I know
you're thinking we might as well give
him the win now I decide to rush a to
try and defend it I switch class but
unfortunately the enemy had the same
idea so I decide as when he's shooting
at me to run away but then I pick up my
first kill
as you see reality player also died it's
three three but I know where bombs down
but unfortunately our switch also gets
killed so I think it's all going well I
know where the bomb is
oh I see an enemy no I guess my hit
markers just love me today and
unfortunately I die when my teammates
should have been covering me dickhead
no no no this is turning out like the
last game
so yeah we're losing zero to three you
probably expected me to do some comeback
music well to be honest guys are damn
straight I am
just because we're crap at Cod doesn't
mean that we have to give up this easily
we can still win this we will still pull
this back let's do this
this is it is three three we are going
to win this we are going to shit on all
over their fucking faces I decided to
rush the middle pop just because my I
was on a roll and coming down here was
probably the best decision I had to get
there first blood just to keep my
teammates right in the game and
confident enough luckily I just picked
it up come on man we're so close we are
so close just gonna wrap up here and
just pick up see if anyone's there no no
no no fucking camper come on boys
don't let me down
yeah
so we lost oh well it doesn't matter
we'll get the next one definitely for
sure so guys if you like this series
then be sure to give it a thumbs up but
yeah until next time we will win a GB we
may be crap at God but we will win a GB
this has been mess yourself I'll see you
around
