what's up guys mess yourself here and
again I'm back with the Moab's getting
them up with every guns today on it the
episode getting Marv's with every gun
seat so why by turning to gas from God
for it's the Pinay II Moab yeah yeah
this is a my high score higher scoring
gameplay on 66 kill me kill confirmed
kill confirmed not a good game type to
go high scoring in it's only 53 kills
but that is a lot of kills to get in
just a regular 66 kill confirm because
you only need 65 tags so some I've known
a bit neck anyway I'm blabbing on well I
want to talk about today is my class
setup and no one's asked me to do this
you know I just thought fuck it I need
an idea to do a commentary and I'm just
going to do a fucking class setup so
yeah yeah I hope you guys don't mind and
I'll show you guys a bit of my costume
I'm not going to stress about the guns
though too much because I use different
types of guns and there's no not really
any gun that's good for getting mobs I
mean you can get em are with any gun if
you're a good player so I don't think I
don't really think guns is a good thing
to say about class ups so yeah what I
meant about class setups I meant more
about the perks and my specialist kill
streaks and why I use them because
that's probably the main focus on a
class up anyway I mean you know I run
semtex
and you know I run portable radar I'm
gonna put up a series where I try I put
poor bull rider spots and you know I use
those so that's just putting out that I
think the main focus is the perks and
the kill streaks so let's just get right
straight into it so the first main perk
that I used is scavenger Pro as my perk
one now scavenger Pro is that a must
must must need because I am trying to go
I'm basically trying to go for a mob and
I've got so much going through my head I
just need to know where to rush when not
to rush where where's the next enemy
going to come from where's my next point
gonna come from I've got all these
problems that I need to focus on and
worrying about ammo it shouldn't really
be another point I mean you should
really just focus on the game focus
what's going on in the game don't focus
on ammo is just too much of a problem
and if you have scavenger if you put a
put scavenger Pro 1 you get all your
ammo at first you don't have to worry
about ammo ever ever in the game and
even so you do you you sometimes run out
of ammo even though you've got scavenger
Pro so imagine what it's like when you
don't have scavenger Pro it can get
really hectic because what I'm saying so
my second perk that I use is hardline
now hardline is basically you know what
hardline does is one close to your kill
streak but the most important thing
about hardline is that it can it can get
you your first specialist perk in one
kill now that's basically you know what
that basically says that basically says
you know what I can give you any any
kills through any perk you want at it if
you kill one person any perk you won all
you need to do is kill one person and
I'll give you any perk and that's why
hardline is the best perk to have
because that's just one reason why it's
the best perk to have because it can
give you any any any any any regime of
cause it perk and what I usually run is
that perk would be sleight of hand so
and I think sleight of hand is really
important because I like I'm first one
like to spray bullets the second reason
why I think hardline such a good idea
because I go for mobs and there's been
videos before about how hardline doesn't
really help specialist I think that's
completely bullshit and wrong I think
people find it hard that to get the fine
to get the Moab I find it hard to get
the specialist bonus when I'm waiting
when I'm using all these weird guns like
these LMGs I find that the enemies are
awful awful awful but as soon as I get
my specialist bonus they become into the
strange beast of a gun so that's what
I'm saying use hardline use hardline and
get your specialist bonus quicker and
then get that Moab quicker because I
think it's just it speeds up the process
so much more so my third perk and my
basically default perk is marks from a
marksman is a great perk and you're
probably thinking Oh marksman is not
going to work for all guns it's not
going to work for shotguns for example
which are right it doesn't work for
shotgun centers and you probably think
it doesn't work for SMGs but i do like
to put it on sometimes because if I see
a person from a distance
and they could have an assault rifle and
I could basically run the other way if
I've got a shotgun or or an SMG so I can
basically run away rather than getting
killed by them so it kind of acts like a
as like the opposite of how I would use
it for an assault rifle say if I had
marksmen with an assault rifle I would
try and shoot them from range because I
know I know where they are but with a
shotgun I would know I can see them from
range yeah got them up I can see them
from range and I can then decide to run
away because I knew I know if I run down
there then they could pick me off from
range because they might have marksmen
as well so yeah now this is my setup for
my assault rifle class and my SMG class
now for LMGs I like to keep scavenger
still I like to replace hard line with
quick-draw because LMGs had the longest
aiming down sight than any other guns in
the game so I think that may be wrong
actually I think snipers are but they're
they're round about the same so yeah I
like to replace hard line and put
quick-draw on and with shotguns I like
to replace scavenger and put Marathon on
because for shotguns you're pretty much
aiming for one-hit kills so you do you
try you will have enough bullets for you
there what you won't ever run into a
situation where you run out bullets with
a shotgun unless you're using an a a 12
but that's just that's the only shotgun
and I also like to replace marksman with
and put steady aim on because steady aim
is a good perk to have and I'm not
really worried about people in the
background from for marksmen because I
can't really do anything since I have a
shotgun okay let's get on to the
specialist kill streaks that I put on
now my first kill streak i unlock is
sleight of hand and this because I'm a
very inaccurate player I'm not very
accurate and as soon as I kill one enemy
I'm more and more likely gonna have to
reload and I don't want to have to sit
around waiting for my gun to reload when
I just want it reloaded quicker and then
to get my next kill so I've got sleight
of hand first now my second perk I've
got is assassin now assassin doesn't
really do anything
as in psychologically but it does really
help but you don't really notice because
there are some people out there running
UAVs or portable radars or whatever and
you and you will notice it if you take
it off you will notice that you'll be
like why did this happen why did that
happen you'll be finding out that you're
losing gun battles a lot more it's just
because the enemy knows that you where
you are because assassin because because
you didn't have a Sasson so I'd
recommend you did use assassin because
it does help not not how you play it
helps but it's just it helps it helps in
the background you were you won't notice
it but it will help trust trust me and
my third perk I put is recon now this is
a really really important perk to use
now I'm in a revert to black ops
remember a black op from when there was
a net kill streak called the black bird
everyone put it on everyone used it and
it was just a UAV at the end of the day
it was just it was just a UAV but what
was so important about this UAV is
because that you could see anywhere all
the enemies were you could see where
they were going what direction they were
heading to recon is that recon is that
recon it it's it's a perk it's like
blackbird the perk except all you need
to do is just shoot someone I recommend
you get this perk Pro and put it on
because it but when I hit my fight 5
kill streak and I get a hit marker and
some guy in the background I know where
he's going I've got a blackbird on my
ass and I'm going to kill him and I know
and I've got a super super jump on me
ruko recon is my favorite perk and I'm
surprised when no one uses it I always
put this as my third specialist perk
because it helps me get my special
sperner's remember in black ops when it
helps you get your chopper gunner help
you get your dogs this this helps me get
my special sperner's and it helps me get
my mob so I'd recommend you get this pro
and then get this pro and it would
really help now for LMGs I've because
I've got quick-draw not that hard one as
my first perk and then I put sleight of
hand as my second perk and I put
assassin as my third perk yeah so that
basically means I'll it will only take
me a three kill streak to get a sleight
of hand which I really don't really need
sleight of hand just yet because I can
get through I can kill three enemies in
my first clip and then I'll probably
then it'll probably be the amount of
time that I have to reload so I don't
mind having sleight of hand
not first but third but not not as a one
kill streak but as a three kill streak
so that's all right now for shotguns are
pretty much did the exact same thing as
my assault rifle and SMGs I have sleight
of hand assassin and recon nothing
special about that so guys that's pretty
much it
yes I've decided that I'm gonna start
putting a lot more effort into my videos
started editing a lot since I have got
Sony Vegas now so now that I can do that
before I was running on Pinnacle Studio
was an absolute piece of shit so now I
can start making high-quality videos for
you guys and not just slapping in a
commentary and a game playing for you
guys so yeah it's pretty much it thank
you guys for watching I will appreciate
a like that would be so great if I could
see if you give me a like rating for
this and I will hopefully see you guys
in my next video this has been my
highest-scoring gameplay on 66 Kill
Confirmed
and I'll see you later good bye about it
