how ro everyone is mess yourself here
and as you could tell you probably tell
is my first commentary I'll let this
game play run I'll tell you guys a
little bit about me
spoiler alert it's a mo I got a mob with
m4a1 obviously I'm holding a pee-pee but
don't worry don't worry I'll change it I
like to get to do more laps
I'll probably do a youtube series trying
to get mobs with different guns there I
just want them try and get mobbed with
different guns I'm being very careful
I'm saying different guns I'm not gonna
get like crazy like two minute MSR
one-handed assists only 360 feet doubles
Moab spectacular well no I'm just not
that good I say I'm not like good I'm
saying fifty two into that kind of
standard good yeah so a big part of why
I want to start commentating is because
some people on YouTube are like wow they
piss me off so much they have like the
gayest voice they literally sound like
this hello
I've got modern warfare 3 ashen all
right I mean let me just make it sound
like a ten-year-old hello
I've got some modern warfare 3 gameplay'
here I went 14 and 3 and I thought I'd
upload it because the best Katy I've
ever got on this game um and I'm just
sitting here I'm sitting on my desk with
a knife right next to my laptop and I'm
thinking should I do it should I do it
now I'm really I'm joking
but I really do hate it when
commentators think they can just start
commentating literally people off the
street just start commentating and if
and even if they shit at the game I mean
if you're shit at the game just just or
if you're a if you're boring as hell I
mean if you're boring as hell shit of
the game you doesn't mean you have to
commentate I mean if you're one of the
two I guess you can go far but if you're
not both then just don't do it just no
offense I mean in the back of my mind
when I'm watching these videos I'm
thinking hmm no offense but I can just
do this so much better I mean I'm not
saying that I'm awesome oh I
this game I'm awesome I've said that
before I'm just saying that if some
people just practiced a little bit of
effort into the summer in their videos
then the videos will grow grow a lot
oh geez fucking one of warfare 3 spawns
there's the first death of my game see
the second death is fucking ridiculous
just the fucking lag I have with my
connection I mean I had the worst worst
connection I don't know how I get my
labs every single game a three bar is my
experience of a 5 bar just all the
gameplay you see on my channel is going
to be no one else I don't believe in a
lot of people I've not channels like Oh
send me your maps I'll put them on my
channel because I'm a nice person even
though I barely give you any credit for
it even though you're getting views on
my channel and getting me to your talk
money is no I don't believe in all that
at the current moment gameplay will just
be cut we're in that awkward moment of
March where it's just a bit too late to
play Skyrim way too late to play Skyrim
a bit too late to play Mass Effect
because people usually find commentators
on YouTube that if they're playing a
game they usually stick with that one
commentator because they don't like to
watch other commentators because it will
just confuse them and where they're at
is like oh I swear we've really seen
this before no you've just seen this
before yeah so I guess I guess I could
do little tips tricks on my mobs if you
like I do put a lot of effort in my mobs
I mean I'm not a bad player
I do get I do get a lot of mods I mean I
get about three a day three a day with
just an overpowered gun anyone could do
that
I probably two on a nought on a good
normal good day I'd say Justin or just a
normal day and one with a weird fucking
gun very weird gun and I I just don't I
just don't leave my PlayStation if I
haven't done that if I haven't got the
mob with the wave gun because I've put
my time runs where I'm like no I'm gonna
get it I'm gonna get it I'm gonna get it
bukka died I'm gonna get it I'm gonna
get it I'm gonna get specialist bonus
fuck I died yes sir I think I think I've
said actually everything
say it is really hard to speak for eight
minutes I mean this video supposed to be
about introducing me like what am I like
oh is he funny it's a good gig gameplay
you probably clicked on it because it
said my first time you fucking dirty
bastard but yet my first time
commentating geez I should have put it
out there in the beginning people are
going to hate me but I should have said
it first time commentating not first
fire first time getting a mob first time
commentating so yeah eight minutes is a
long time to speak so the Moab should be
coming up I don't know when it's coming
up I'll say now if you did enjoy the
video if you did enjoy the video just
like it I mean the like buttons down
there if you didn't like the video it's
really hard to do a first commentary
hopefully hopefully I didn't fuck up my
first commentary it is very hard to nail
first commentary and I've don't think
it's been done not no-one's nailed their
first commentary no one has done go to
your favorite homepage look at their
first commentary and that's how they
want to start that's how they started so
hopefully people will look back on this
on this day saying oh these starters are
so cute look at him doing this better
and coventry getting a little
I do play on ps3 our except ads it's
exactly like my YouTube account like I
said every mob is mine Marv mess
yourself m capital M ESS couple - why oh
you are s e left who I made this song
hopefully I didn't fuck it up like I
said I don't know what to do ah mobs
gone I'll show you quickly I died and I
guess I'll see you in a couple of days
if you if I don't see you again then
goodbye thank you for watching this far
if you want to see me again subscribe
that's the best way to do it and I guess
I'll stop talking now and end the video
here because I have nothing to talk
about and I'm sure you don't listen to
me until next time goodbye everyone
