whoo hello everyone how is it one doing
as much a selfie today we are back with
wwe2k16 videos if you haven't watched
that go watch that if this video reaches
20,000 likes I'm gonna continue
uploading more WWE Hey
well the first thing we're gonna do is a
backstage brawl now we did a backstage
brawl when they introduced it in WWE 2k
17 everyone if you haven't watched that
video it was really funny but what
they've done this year they have added
and expanded on it let's make spongebob
fight Patrick sure why not
Patrick I saw you kissing sandy kissing
sandy so now we're gonna fight okay that
was the roleplay you know okay Patrick
stop beating the shit out of me Jesus
Christ great okay so so far this
backstage brawl looks exactly the same
Patrick got so many muscles okay just
been working out leave me alone you dumb
shit Patrick wait taking me I'm taking
you somewhere special spongebob meet
this container now he just pushed me out
kind of mind okay these people are
having an interview in the background so
I said to him I'm gonna fight you at
WrestleMania is this something new on
the Left hmm oh my god look I said I did
a whole new bit that's the Cure a guy
just ran away
whoa look there's a limo there's cause
there's this bloody thing I climb on I'm
gonna get your spongebob oh no oh no oh
no get it oh okay I think Patrick's like
a super heavyweight or something because
he is so much harder and tougher oh no
he's got to finish up no no no please
Patrick
okay once I get a finisher I think I can
finish him on that blue car over there
so that's what I have to do
oh my goodness let's just watch from
here I'm so scared guys sorry this is
security that meant to be protecting me
he just ddt'd me is it over is it over
I hope not because money robbed us dead
Ramona what about you doing me to that
point bug come back here no response rob
calm down alright okay I have a finish
up let's do this thing baby
alright throw them into the car and then
okay felt great on the car or just you
know chuck them on the floor oh my god
I'm doing it I'm doing it spongebob it's
going on the car but with Patrick no
what's he gonna do what's he daughter
god damn do
oh shit my god Patrick off riding on
that Bob do you think I can do anything
with this limousine
I hope so that would be cool oh I can
just climb on top security okay I'll do
what I want okay spongebob I'm coming
okay I think he is coming actually
because he's just standing there he
doesn't know what to do I think I broke
him can I attack I'm sorry Patrick got
it now is gonna do we are going to the
big lorry okay because I want to get on
top of this alright because maybe we can
do a special move that spongebob we know
Patrick we have to go upstairs it's come
on Patrick let's go okay so now I'm on
top of this how great is that oh my
goodness oh we can we can fight each
other go finish up
okay that was the backstage ball okay
that was pretty funny I'm not gonna lie
I was trying to figure out what I wanted
to do for my second match so I stopped
the mess yourself again and someone made
this guy look at him he looks like this
ultimate badass big-ass mess yourself
character so I definitely want to try
this guy out okay I can't wait to see
the entrance and like the size of him I
want to play as this guy okay and let's
do a no holds barred match I'm pretty
sure that just means you can just use
weapons okay all right let's see my
intro
the following contest is
what's with the epic intro Jesus Christ
hey I'm from New York okay why don't
they call me now look at me go go oh my
goodness the stuff that people create on
this game is insane like I love the
creations I probably someone made this
this is for me that's hilarious
I'm so beautiful okay we get it you're
cool all right can you hurry up and walk
to the ring already cuz you're taking a
sweet-ass time all right
he's still he's still walking okay we
get it yeah you got a cool song okay and
just going up okay all right so mess
yourself is in the ring right now and
wait who's my puddin again did I even
mention that okay it's still going this
bloody intro oh okay that means it's
gone again I've just passed out all
right it's over Jesus Christ okay well I
don't know he's gonna back up again all
right lights are back on now it's all
done Jesus please just end it
okay maybe one more time all right so my
opponent is
No all my bloody god I am fighting
against God no God by God
Oh God and I am I'm not gonna lie this
intro is so cool look at this intro man
this game is cool Oh Cathy the fact that
someone made God in the game is already
funny but that intro is perfect all
right God you can take your sweet time
getting up to the stage as well Jesus
get it Jesus
this is so cool okay so it's gonna be
miserable buzzes God okay I just want to
see what my characters like all right
the match is starting now mess yourself
versus God look how buffy is how can I
beat him up okay let's go oh my goodness
what do I do
oh no girls coming okay personally I am
God and you will never defeat me okay so
I don't know what I'm doing let's just
see if there's any oh my god moments
which I haven't done and I kind of want
to see my signature moves and my
finisher moves no no you're going to
hell now bragging no don't put me now
I'm sorry God god damn it why did I come
down to this stupid earth I should have
just stayed in heaven no no no wait wait
wait
that's always fighting on the side
that's cool Oh God ow
Oh oh no I shouldn't be punching him
that's bad
okay I have my signature move oh no no
no they go going to win Brandon you are
not no no no please I must win I must
win okay let's do my charge finish up
what could it be what could it be
I'm so excited baby Oh kick sorry I I
wanted to go oh but I had to go look at
that shit though guys I jumped on his
head and then kicked his head down onto
the floor it was so cool I had a feeling
this might happen not gonna waste any
time either we've got an uninvited guest
here let's keep coming in and attacking
me this is the big show God's friend a
man I'm a religious man don't you go
beating up God okay picture just came in
and then punch me and now God's bidding
me oh no I think he's got a charisma
boost guys look at the corner Oh No
here we go there we go no cover No
come from okay here we go a corner
signature let's see what my signature
move is Oh Oh what's he doing all right
that's the scariest thing I have ever
seen in my entire life what's doing what
you're doing
no no no wait I can do my signature from
the ropes no way oh my god moment no
there is another oh my god moment what
am i doing
no way I'm putting them in the crowd Oh
punching it no what do I do now here we
go
stop red Brandon I will put you in hell
if you don't my god Marlon what what is
it what is it what am i doing what is
this I've never seen this before no way
what am i doing no no no
the sky god we just broke the way okay
Wow oh okay well I was not expecting
that you have to like enable that
feature and I wasn't expecting it but
the games now are them okay later I
think I'm gonna end the video there if
you like me doing double w is a series
then leave a like alright if we reach in
alright 15,000 likes I will continue to
do more videos on it if not you know
it's fine no I think I've done enough
double-double videos now that I think
about it either way though guys so much
watching and I'll see you in the next
video man so the guys love you Bob back
you where you
