oh hello everyone how is it on doing it
is mess yourself there today we are
playing don't whack your teacher watch
what I do classes carry the one that's
going on all right we'll play so many
whack your games that I can't even keep
track at this point so yeah I found this
game don't work your teacher okay and I
hated my teachers okay well I didn't
because I couldn't because I would have
been expelled but you can play this
flash game where you could whack your
teacher ah okay let's black play oh
that's mighty jump you got down stupid
kid
this homeworks all wrong god dammit I'm
gonna give you more homework and even
more homework to give me too much
homework
there's only one option we must end his
life by murdering him that's what every
kid thinks right okay disclaimer don't
kill your school teacher if you want to
kill a school teacher don't blame that
shit on me okay don't tell him I did it
okay I don't the police coming around my
house oh no oh no oh no oh no
okay there's 13 ways to kill this
teacher let's first click on his
backpack
alright goes over the backpack takes out
a prison what's this oh no you knew I
smoked oh my god face-off
I'm sure we can explode his bloody head
okay the first kill is definitely the
craziest Jesus Christ are you making me
play okay next okay oh he's alive again
don't worry nice alright I'm scared to
pick the next option but let's click
this pop on the floor what the shit is
this oh okay
reach for the pump oh it's it's a gas
it's a gas pump okay
oh shit what's gonna do now you bloody
put the gun under the punch map so we
took an air-pump
probably filled with fought okay and
shoved in his mouth made him bloody
inhale it and then punched him all right
time for our next kill now let's do the
flower pot would be bloody evil it's
nice it's flowers I love flowers okay
under the table are you guys seeing this
crazy ass kid do this shit to his
teacher alright next we're gonna do is
the steak blow on the table
Oh tell me when a staple is what game I
play deplane right now okay these kills
aren't creative they're just bloody
disgusting alright let's go with these
scissors that are on my teacher's desk
okay here we go
all those whose hip know these games
okay I don't know who's making these
games okay cause they're scary alright
alright the next guy I want to do is the
pen on this bloody desk oh god what's
the pen gonna do what you're gonna do
grabs the pen
okay oh this this is just just murder
okay this this child just a murdered
this guy by stabbing them all right I
didn't like my teachers in school as
much as the next person okay but I never
know once I thought I want to stab him
multiple times
alright we're nearly halfway done thank
God okay I don't think I can handle this
bloody shit any longer the next kill
that we're gonna do is his coffee cup
oh no he goes oh it's over but Katie
fine oh oh oh you okay oh no and then
pour coffee on him
oh my word okay this teacher was gonna
help this kid fallen over these games
don't scare me I don't like it okay our
next kill that we're gonna do is this
baseball bat in this classroom what's a
stupid baseball bat do in this classroom
Oh No or no grabs the baseball bat I
think he's dead yep did what I thought
was gonna happen
beat the shit out of me with a baseball
bat oh my god oh my god
next kill we're gonna do is the chair Oh
I knew he was gonna hit him with the
chair didn't think that he would you
know hit him
knockout he then hit him again and then
jump on the chair that this kid how is
he thinking this creatively he's a
natural-born cat all right four more
kills thank God all right there's this
book over here sure let's do that Oh God
goes over to the book okay yeah he hit
him with a big-ass dictionary or some
shit okay I'm a mom traumatize I'm not
gonna lie
alright the next kill is the socket plug
on the corner
all right click it oh god here he goes
why are you doing this plug what we
gonna do oh my god this kid alright he's
a bloodthirsty Savage
alright just two more kills thank God
alright let's click this umbrella next
can you play Orianna umbrella please
with that
all right clicks the umbrella what's it
gonna do right now
dope Tommy's gonna open it now
oh okay just leave them there oh no he's
going on with this bloody ship time for
our last kill now okay please guys don't
ever do anything like this to a teacher
okay even if he is a bloody asshole
all right last kill our pets mail no no
not the bloody pet snail no no oh no oh
no they're attacking him take it away Oh
God oh he slips or something he's going
outside no no I just kicked my teacher
he fell on sounds like a car or
something and it sounds like the whole
store bloody saw it okay guys I don't
know what the shit I just played but
please do not do anything like this in
real life okay this is just a video game
alright I'm gonna end the video here
thanks guys watch watching if you want
the wack your series to continue then
leave a like ok 10,000 likes and I'll
play another wack your game hopefully it
won't be as disgusting as this this has
to be probably the most graphic and
disgusting one so far
either way though they are so much
watching and I guess I'll see in the
next video love you buh-bye ok class how
much is doing today everyone take out
their homeworks and I'm gonna give you
homework today
