all right say yes today we are playing
Friday the 13th if you haven't seen my
first video of Friday 13th you need to
okay because is really funny instant
measure self classic oh it's okay I'm
okay
Jason could be coming at any point there
is oh there's me oh look at me my sexy
it's okay girl okay we can make it out
of line
now even though I'm making another video
on this game I still have no idea how to
escape but it's okay just get running
run hey guys be very quiet okay Jason
could be anyone oh no change is coming
you can't see me you don't want to make
you stupid bitch just one Oh No
well the shit oh let's go wait Ron what
should we run
something chasing will be behind me baby
wasn't ready we need real ok wait to
find the fewer I don't know where the
fuel is help me someone please call me
quickly pick up this bloody baseball bat
and Jason comes near me I'm gonna swing
no no you put the gas in the car which
doesn't have a battery you're a
stupid-ass girl play this shitty game
again and I'm gonna die in the first 10
seconds is that stupid golf balls you
put the but if you're on the walk off ok
it's ok we'll play another game ah oh no
we're back to the water launch he's
gonna find his face again I know is oh
God Jason's back again never got
everyone Jason's coming
okay I picked the worst card to the
because this guy's just dancing
everywhere oh yeah this is coming I
better go okay okay we have a car right
here but it needs gas and a car battery
where could it be
we're gonna be scary boo boo no frying I
don't cook what's in a bloody draw well
it's a map take them out
oh no I did nice I hit the bloody noise
maybe you did see oh okay everyone be
very quiet I'm hiding in the cupboard oh
okay well okay well I actually want to
hula thought oh my god he was right
there and I just jumped in the cupboard
and II completely forgot about me I know
I can't believe it - man what deceitful
someone got killed in the bloody bathtub
what the hell is going on Brandon I
don't know but we must be very careful
hey sure you don't want to see me dance
again
what's this in the blood draw
oh nothing else great look call battery
grab it completely we must all install
in the car and then we can get the hell
out of it don't worry Brandon it's
sheriff who's on the case you better be
on the case sir oh no Jesse's right that
Jason can't see me I swear Jason the
wrong car for goodness sake you're next
Brandon no no please
here we go
Oh what's he doing
well sheriff's shit okay is this gonna
be more she became a lot less sexy now
that she's thrown up everywhere
what is this look it's just a car
battery okay if we look at the map
there's a car right over there we must
go and put the car battery in it okay
quick oh no quick time events okay come
on oh come on Jason all is just right
there
well what city is this gay man oh shit
guys new location
pinehearst Oh No Jason's come all the
way to my house
what the shit No
Oh
okay this time guys I'm definitely
escaping I don't think I've ever
actually escaped in any one game shut up
you bitch oh my god I hear that you got
a car cause mmm firecrackers don't mind
if I do I love fire fuckers oh good I've
never been in this map before what could
be in this bloody house was this radio
shit detail destruction stupid women
always played on signature songs at the
wrong time this is why the women always
die in the movies hide under the bed
what you can do that
whoa that's cool let's hope I never have
to do that shit oh my god so skinny oh
shit okay well that was great okay well
I just threw my firecrackers on the
floor right I'm pretty sure that's a
large a stupid bitch four minutes okay
boys all we got to do is survive for the
next four minutes okay maybe I could
just sit in this cupboard for three
minutes like where wait wait three
people when the shits the garden oh okay
I'm gonna keep running come on we gotta
go oh okay oh okay my cell from Jason
look he's the car the cars here it has
everything we must go oh we need the
keys for the car oh okay well we're
screwed
what police arrive in two minutes guys
come on two minutes we could survive
this we could do this guy's oh no oh no
guys we've got one minute one minute
left to survive this girls like dancing
here
okay you know what I haven't seen Jason
for a long time okay your shitty-ass
music three two one the place was the
place we have to go to the police of God
I've no idea with the police's or
there's an arrow pointing upwards reach
and escape with the police when we have
to go Oh Jason's over there
Oh Oh guys I can hear it I can hear the
bloody police
oh no he's over there and he's waiting
for us near the police
oh shit ready go oh my god no way I
survived
I've never done that I escaped with the
police phone with disgusting okay
alright well I survived that's good
again notice the car was a bloody
burning face okay well and then stop
mister alright we know the drill alright
here we go another game I'm gonna kill
him I'm gonna kill them all I swear to
god I'm gonna kill the whole must kill
everyone I am Jason okay what's my bucks
again cuz I have no idea
all I could spawn anywhere on the map
that's awesome whoa okay well that
wasn't no graceful cuz I know there's a
guy right there you sense is available
we'll start whoa okay does that mean I
can see him now or okay I don't know
what should this red shit is there's a
guy right there - come on kill em kill
em I can't run in this stupid shit I
crack and everything
oh you stupid garlic I can't sprint for
goodness sake okay truck Jornet shift is
available what the shits that shift
Wallace
yes rawhide ominous music I don't know
where they are
come on oh she's biting ditch the
buddies thingy I'm coming to get you
bitch I'm coming to get you
I'm gonna get my sweater gone up and
again I swear to god I'm gonna get up
where are you girl I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you
well this shit okay no no she's she ran
away okay here's the car battery where
she dropped on the floor stalk what does
she does that mean there they all are
I'm coming to get you you think you
could just dance with me you goddamn
bitch Jason down Jason down she's down
no weird dolls on my one weakness come
on now there is he picked off the bloody
shit he thinks he's gonna bloody get
away with this shit
come on get off the phone she's
instructing me I know she is
oh look there's a car here has a battery
in it can I destroy it I don't think I
can can I destroy cars I have no idea oh
there she is
well are you leaving me you stupid off
go come on your stupid gods come out you
stupid stupid oh look at that
Oh
come on come on now yeah just can I just
get up what they all come on you piece
of shits I'm gonna kill him oh I could
have oh I swear I'm literally the worst
Jason why do I even try
okay think you're never gonna get away
from there in the call
yes everybody oh okay well all right
what's games a bit buggy even though
it's been out for a while yes yes come
on come on
fuck me fuck me a bitch fuck me a bitch
I'm gonna kill you I'm gonna kill you
I'm gonna kill you yes go go okay
stupid not screw this shitty ass game
okay come on stupid bitch was following
me around all game okay
okay guys that was me playing Friday to
the 13th of the game if you would like
to see more of this game
if we reach 20,000 likes that's 20,000
likes I will make another video on this
game okay but I probably won't because
it's pretty much the exact same thing
you know I've been doing you know what
you guys so much watching and I'll see
you in the next video man steady guys
love you
that was about bar bye
