whoo hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is mesh yourself a today we are
gonna be reacting to story booth yet
again now if you guys have never heard
of story booth they are an amazing
channel which take your real life
stories and then they animate them they
are a great YouTube channel they make
awesome content and their messages in
their videos you know it are like
important messages which I think every
child should watch and listen to so if
you haven't already which I know a lot
of you have can you go over to their
YouTube channel story booth and click
that subscribe button ok because they
deserve it you know that everything that
they can get but yeah I've already made
two videos reacting to their videos I'm
not gonna make another one after this
but yeah there is a couple of videos
which I really really want to react to
the first video we're gonna watch is a
creepy guy followed me Oh some creepy
ass guys following oh I was singing with
my mom and my sister in the praise team
ok wait I got out of the church that day
my mom's car and I see this red car
starts driving up to me I try to walk
away as quickly as possible to get my
mom's car and then the red car just
stops me at this point I'm not confused
like who is this person and what do they
do what this person was also a large set
mail from what I was looking at he
looked like he could have been 40 80 I
was standing there and he was trying to
ask me my name like a creepy I go from
behind the car and I try to walk to my
car but he caught me off guard again and
followed me to my at that point I was
just like all right what do you want so
you can leave me alone
he's like I wanted to talk to you cuz
you look nice and you are really
beautiful and you look really kind and
you got huge tits Bloody Disgusting what
does shit and my head I'm thinking what
did this guy you say because
that's just stupid okay I've been
catcalled before in my neighborhood but
I just ignore it
oh but this dude was taking it to a
whole nother level oh he then proceeded
to tell me he goes to put his digits in
my phone oh god no which I proceeded to
tell him that I'm 17 19 year-old girl
and you're lusting after 17 no he then
proceeded to drive away and also walk
into the church Oh only if he was inside
there that he didn't prey on anybody
else Oh idea of catcalling because it's
really unattractive and honestly
altogether it's - yeah why would you
want to purposely call someone just
because of how they look what the hell I
understand that he also said that I
looked kind yes I am kind but not when
you try to get with me at your car and
think it's nice to call me cute few
males out there who thinks catcalling is
really a way to pick up chicks or
females I don't know why I said checks
don't because honestly a nice hello and
how are you are just what people need
yeah that's so true like there's some
really weird guys out there in the world
and I hope you guys you guys watching
are not going to be these creepy weird
guys in the future okay look look first
of all got hit on a girl that's underage
okay especially when you're some ugly
fat ass
40 year old man secondly don't cat call
women okay well how would you like it if
just walking down the street and then
some guys like okay not Pepe's oh I
don't understand when other guys cat
call okay it's just not needed it's not
gonna get you anywhere except make you
look like a bloody creepy ass weird man
just don't do it Jesus Christ this world
is stupid and dumb sometimes
the next video that we're gonna watch is
I caught my girlfriend cheating on me on
Facebook now that's just so mean okay
come on now don't cheat on people it all
took place in Venezuela okay this girl
we're gonna call her Stephanie stuff she
had light brown hair gray eyes and fair
skin oh my god II heard rumors about
this girl dumping a boyfriend my
apparent reason if they were to date her
and leave them the piles of despair for
no apparent reason and no one knows what
she's dumping all these guys
she's a hole and she likes today a lot
of guys but she's also dumped all these
guys because she's a ho that's what I'm
gathering but I just wanted to get to
know her and so I did why we weren't all
on being friends until the time
Stephanie asked me to be her boy from
and I accepted she even asked him to be
a boyfriend that's like you know just a
bloody hole I'm kidding girls can ask
out guys you know but come on now a bit
suspicious all right she's Britain
breaking up a but with a bunch of guys
and now she's asking you out
what do you think's gonna bloody happen
Stephanie asked me to be her boy from
and I accepted we had a swirl of dates
everyone's doing great those romantic
selfie kids don't take selfie kisses
okay if you're onto a teen okay no one
wants to see that disgusting shit don't
do that or you could do it just don't
post it on social media because earth
and she will always give me chocolate
presents during recess and I appreciated
that I'm okay what can I find a girl
that's gonna give me chocolate presents
okay but everything changed when I saw a
photo of her with a man who looked
around 16 to 18 to make sure that she
wasn't doing anything suspicious I asked
her who that guy was and then she told
me it was her brother
oh he here she even showed me that he
had his own room in her apartment okay
everything changed when I went to
Madeira for the Simone I was checking on
my Facebook happened not on my time I
know I saw the picture of Stephanie with
that same brother again and to make sure
that she was all we're not to her
profile and there are all the photos
okay good so lion until there was a
photo of her kissing the man on the list
I'm kidding actually it's probably know
how brother she was just lying cuz she's
a ho okay she has multiple boyfriends
oh there was a photo of her kissing the
man on the lips and I was in complete
shock Oh were even more photos of her
making romantic face with the same guy
aside from all the kissing oh I was
getting sad like she betrayed me yeah we
had a feeling to each other like she was
the one she dumped me over someone how
could she did but I was also angry yeah
damn I'd be angry too okay I mean if you
want to break up with someone break up
with them why God
chiana so when my summer vacation ended
Stephanie came up to me she said hi oh
then I looked her in the eyes and I told
her in angry words you're a ho you
cheated you cheated on me and then I
walked away walked away yes right the
next morning
Stephanie came up to me crying with
tears lying down to her cheek and she
told me she was crying for the entire
night if you want such a bloody asshole
and she told me she was crying for the
entire night over those words that I
said to her and she said that I was
everything to her but I was really mad
oh yeah she made a huge mistake
over leaving me for someone else yes she
was still dating me oh but she left me
for another guy
yeah are you so hurt that she made a big
mess into her life because I would never
date me again
whoa I said that brother I just looked
back in there and saw her crying yep I
guess it was for the best she did try to
apologize and then we start all become
friends again
okay in reality I wasn't in the mood to
be historical I mean what she said to me
and other boys were horrible and
everything she deserves to be my friend
again after what she's done whoa
unfriended ha
damn okay so moral of story of that all
right girls don't play with guys
feelings okay yes so what you're a
pretty girl you want you like getting
boys and stuff like that you know at
least have the decency to break up with
this guy before he starts eating on him
in the summer hot summer vacation okay
that's just weird all right
don't play with anyone's feelings okay
especially when you're young okay come
on now that could really hurt and score
some kids out there all right kids don't
know what love is all right so when you
do stuff like this it must become
confusing as hell
so yeah don't play with anyone's
feelings in general or guys the next
video that we're gonna be watching is I
rescued abandoned newborn kittens now I
want to react to this one is because if
you guys didn't know I actually rescued
abandoned kittens okay technically okay
I kind of nursed a pregnant cat to
kittens okay if you guys haven't seen
that video you need to okay it's a mess
yourself classic
anyway let's watch this video so my mom
and I live in these apartment complexes
on the second floor and we have two cats
named Bella and Kitty before we ever saw
a porch and our cats are always out
there enjoying the views of the
apartment complex so everybody knew that
we had animals one night my mom and I
were sitting on the couch and we hid
this knock at the door oh man there's
the door and there's this little boy
then he tells my mom hey um you know you
guys have cats and we keep hearing these
crying meows from the bushes and our
parents aren't home so can you come
check it out put on our flip-flops you
really quickly and dash out the doors
because we go around to the back of the
set of apartment complexes and there's
cry from the bushes and we had our
flashlights and we kind of poked around
through the bushes and then my mom sees
it little kittens all curled ball and a
big thorn bush and they don't look good
I jumped into the thorn bush and grabbed
the kids out one by one my mommy my mom
and I put them in this little basket
that we brought with us and we taped
them up into our apartment complex we
gave them loads of blankets and food
I'll wash them up a bit because they
were all scruffy from the thorns that
what they were in all we're scared and
we were worried for their health because
they're all blind so we take them to the
vet the doctors say that there's not a
very good chance that they would believe
obviously are very upset about this that
says if you guys are so concerned about
this we could take them in but it would
be very expensive we don't really have
that much money so we asked if there
were any alternatives well and they said
that we can maybe nurse them on our own
we of course we're like oh no this is
gonna be another responsibility my mom
would have to take off work because
they're all blind but I don't have to
stay home and how can a 13 year old take
care of your bag like that's just
another thing that you know take care of
blind cats no that's not gonna happen
and we didn't want to give up so all the
supplies that we needed to help the cats
we got eye medicine for them we got this
replacement from their mothers milk beds
yep
it was rhubarb it was ginger there was
sassy sauces nut job and there was
nightmare because he was all blackness
Oh
occasional racism that okay we cared for
those kittens for a good three months in
the bathroom oh but steadily their sight
I'll return oh we got to give the
kittens out oh I really want a nurse
cats whenever I get older now that's so
cute that reminds me of the story of
between me okay because yeah because I
think when cats are born you know their
eyes are kind of sharp but my cat my
kittens weren't blind you know they they
got their sight back
you know after a couple of days but yeah
what a cute story a man that can't that
does really remind me of a time that I
had kittens you know that I looked after
them in my bathroom literally just right
next to me and I kept them there for
like two months and then I found them
all really good owners but yeah man that
was a really cute story
I really miss having kittens running
around man it was such a great time the
next video that we're gonna be watching
is my dwarf hamster died now that's so
sad okay I don't know why I'm laughing
actually when I when I say it's sad but
yeah I've never had like a small animal
like that so yeah let's see how it
affected uh when it died I was in fourth
grade I really wanted to get a pet that
wasn't a fish and we named her pickles
oh it goes really really excited because
this is my first actual pet and pecos
was actually really calling so I would
spend days with her just sitting on the
couch all really run on the wheel oh but
I was fine with that
oh so sweet and I loved her so much ah
okay I'm pretty sure it didn't actually
bring cookies and milk for you I think I
was just a lie she was like my best
friend
oh just bend with her yeah just so cam
one day she bit me for the first time
and I was kind of surprised so I put her
in her cage and I waited for her to calm
down no that day was the first day she
ran on the wheel and I was
really exciting I was so surprised and I
was like oh you bit me but that's okay
you know I went to the bed
I want to woke up my mom call me from
John's today she said no I think your
hamsters dead I was shocked I didn't
know what was happening so I ran
downstairs and I saw her she wasn't dead
she was just having trouble breathing
we think that she fell on her back when
she was climbing up the cable because
she was really really rowdy that night I
picked her up and I held her in my hand
and just kind of grabbed when she
breathed I we just kind of breathed
simultaneously you did that for a couple
minutes
and then she just stopped breathing no
just kind of shocked and like paralyzed
and know what to do back in the cage and
I just said mom pickles is dead and
that's when it hit me and I just started
bawling oh I laid down on the floor and
just cry so I went to school no to me I
like it didn't work and I just cry oh my
friends we had I had her in a box
I read the notes that everyone wrote and
then we buried her I was really upset it
was really sad for me then it's not like
we were replacing her but we got a new
hamster named buttercup even after like
3 or 4 years it's still missing Oh
pickles oh I mean I was laughing and
joking before the video but you know
that is that kind of sad you know
especially because I pets like a member
of the family you know you spent so much
time with it you know you could you care
about it so much but yeah that's the
thing about death you know it's a part
of life you know and especially for
animals you know they they die a lot
quicker than humans do and yeah it's
it's sad but that's just part of life
but yeah we'll remember pickles okay
everyone leave a comment right now
rest in peace pickles okay he was such a
great hamster okay we remember you
pickles we remember you I love you
pickles the next animation that we're
gonna be watching is Mexico earthquake
hit my school now the reason I want to
watch this is because imagine okay we
don't get earthquakes in England okay
because we are not on those plates but
imagine actually having an experiencing
an earthquake not only experiencing it
but experiencing it as a child and at
school I can't imagine the sort of panic
that was going through her mind let's
watch it so I am a victim of domestic
oak table earthquake okay I don't mean
like I'm dead nor my house crumbled nor
am i down pieces of rubble trying to
record no no my house is okay with you
cracks so in there and I am instead
alive lucky so during the time of the
earthquake I was at school with my
friend okay now that same day we had a
practice for the earthquake Wow
we were in a math class and the bell
rang in which it means that we had to
evacuate to school to practice one of my
friends said hey what if a real
earthquake would have happened today
that would be so hilarious we already
because we thought it was seriously a
joke no we evacuated the school as a
practice as a practice came back in our
original classes and we continued hi
another math it was computer guys it was
one and 110 that's when the earthquake
sorry no way to be honest I didn't feel
at first I felt really like sick oh go
ahead show up but it wasn't really me it
was actually the earth oh snap it
started getting stronger and I'm like am
i elucidating whoa is this not me one of
my classmates screamed it's an
earthquake yeah and everyone stood in
shock and we were panicked it's a boy
because their normal alarm of earthquake
didn't do it
just scream Oh our teacher was like
please
settle down and please go downstairs
very calmly and we didn't listen
whoa somebody screamed a piece of the
roof oh you wanna started running a bit
faster down the stairs then somebody
screamed the stairs rumbling OH
King and we ran even faster they were
pushing me like screaming it just like
oh my gosh oh my gosh I'm not gonna die
today just get out of here already I
grabbed on to something don't remember
what or who if I could do this cool
earthquake starts really calm down and
we were okay damn what a my friend
started crying because she didn't know
what happened to her mom because being
cold or anything you're like half an
hour
the school was evacuating because there
were cracks everywhere in school the
piece of the roof was actually in front
of my class oh my Mary one day my mom
came in she asked my friends are you all
right and they said yes and we were all
terrified oh when I came home I looked
at the news and some buildings some
schools were really bad my school is
trying to give donations to Oaxaca and
Mexico and everywhere that the
earthquakes have been damaged
what a cute story oh man see we're so
lucky you know I would never have to
deal with earthquakes or hurricanes or
anything like that okay because that's
not what it's like where I live but some
people don't have choices to where they
live obviously I think all kids you know
don't have a choice on where they live
so yeah but yeah you just got to
appreciate you know that this sort of
stuff doesn't happen to you you know but
yeah damn that what a scary scary thing
to happen an earthquake at your school
well you got like a bunch of panicking
children running around I can't imagine
it would be crazy the next animation
that we're gonna be watching is I became
popular and it changed me now one other
watch this one is because a lot of you
guys you know thinking that being
popular is important when it's really
not you know no one gives a shit about
high school and stuff like that you know
so yeah let's just watch it I remember
my first day of high school okay
it was really scary cause a new school
new people and I was really shy
overcome my shyness so that I could
become popular my goal was to you know
become one of the clips join a sports
team a guy get invited to parties you
know okay Wynonna a at lunch I tried to
find somewhere to sit
and I sat with the cool kids all they
all stared at me like they like they
just scolaire that long and all thought
it was strange for me to sit at their
table because like at my school I was
sort of known as like the weirdo
laughter know why they thought I was
weird I don't know why I think he tried
to join their conversation but the
aaalac Birnam all the next day one of
the cool kids she was like one of the
most popular go all school open item was
no nimona acting if I wanted to hang out
with her after school oh I was confused
to why she was talking to me I said yeah
okay
we became really close act we would
share secrets
oh hang out after school okay two more
people came along and we became like a
really close broker for us we were
inseparable good friends were like the
friends that everybody wanted oh I think
we would always hang out after school to
the mall the movies parties and it felt
really great okay oh nice how do I do
that but I sort of changed I started to
become like a really mean oh person is
what jolly mean to people and I thought
that maybe it was Mona who changed me
because she was known to be a really
mean people she would always talk about
people behind their backs
oh I axed her one day why she wanted to
be my friend and she felt sorry and she
wanted to help me try and become cool
instead of this weird loser loner I
don't know her react to that afterwards
I told her that I needed some time away
from like the group and her special cuz
I needed to find myself oh the person
that I was being it like it wasn't me it
was this version of Mona afterwards I
to myself again and law students are
better now I made new friends and I
learned from that experience learn to
find myself again okay I like this guy
okay yeah do not hang out hang out with
the wrong crowd okay because yeah your
friends you know and the people that you
hang out with you know especially if
they're bad people you know it can sort
of like define you as a person and you
know if they're bad people don't be
around them because it's not good okay
especially if you want to be popular
houki who cares about being popular okay
measure self was a loser in high school
okay now look at him okay now I'm
running this YouTube channel and being a
loser you know in my own in my own space
anyway let's continue now the last
animation that we're gonna be watching
is so what if I look different okay come
on guys this is a great message let's
support this dude I was born with a rare
syndrome called tilted disc syndra okay
it affects one to two percent of the
population and I was one of the
unfortunate ones to get it this caused
my eye to be in this awkward location
my parents didn't notice it until I was
three won't and when I finally went to
the doctor for the first time to see
about the problem they said they
couldn't do anything about it
whoa so for most of my childhood I had
to live with this pearance house a lot
of bullying oh no a lot of kids to call
me ugly a lot of kids thought I was
blind no I didn't trust anyone except
morons who I had who didn't care about
how I look yeah this time there was a
new book that came out called wonder
well so I finally decided to read it and
this gave me a lot of inspiration to
stand up because even though I was born
with this weird syndrome I knew I was
still beautiful yes you are it's just
the other kids were too blind to see it
oh I got through my elementary school
years oh and I finally got the treatment
I needed wolves and then I could have a
normal of your surgery though there were
a lot of side effects oh it did get sick
and I got a lot of headache no but that
was only for a few months
oh and then finally I was good
they had to plant these metal implants
so that my I could be a juggler and that
caused some weird facial expressions so
whenever I grinned it would look really
weird Oh God and whenever I was looking
over at someone my eyes would be really
wide open a lot of kids started to call
me the devil oh it was really really sad
walls caused a lot of depression oh no I
thought of what the Wonder kid aw he
would do and I realized that who cares
yeah you be you amazing yeah I just went
with that throughout my middle school
years yes I'm a freshman in high school
now and I don't care how I look I don't
care if I have a weird facial expression
I don't care if I once was a freak I
just be myself because that is what gets
you through life so all those people
were being bullied out there for their
look just remember you are beautiful on
the inside and that's all that matters
super Mo's oh what a beautiful message
yes guys what I couldn't have said
anything any better myself honestly okay
you are beautiful inside you know and
like it does it like no one actually
cares how you look okay like it all
matters how you feel about yourself you
know don't let anyone's opinions you
know affect you seriously because like
they don't know you like they do not
know you they do not know your life they
do not know your struggle okay no one
has the right to call someone else ugly
or call someone else fat of course I
might now is any sort of names no one
has that right okay because they do not
know you as a person and you are not the
person that they think that you are okay
guys all right guys I think I'm gonna
end the video there I hope you did enjoy
storybooth are amazing okay go check out
their channel they make a great amazing
content I don't think I'm gonna make
another video on them cuz I've already
made two you know and I want you guys to
go over to their channel and watch their
videos you know I I just wanna like
promote them I don't want like you know
to watch every single one of their
videos but yeah like if this video does
like I don't know 30,000 likes I will
maybe do another video but yeah
go over to their channel okay you know
they've got amazing stuff either way
those thank you guys so much for
watching I love each and every single
one of you
stay strong out there and I'll see you
in the next video man so they're the
guys Bob back
