hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mattress out there today we are back
with would you rather so I'm really
happy and proud about the past would you
are the videos if you haven't watched it
go watch them you guys have shown
amazing support in them if this video
reaches 15,000 likes I'm gonna continue
this as a series would you rather be a
nudist no please not again not again oh
for goodness sake give me back my
clothes Oh would you rather be a
never-nude a never-nude that means I
have to always wear clothes at all times
no no no oh goodness say okay this is a
pretty tricky question okay because if
you're nudists don't be naked all the
time
that means you gonna have to go to
school naked be around your parents
naked naked all the time but then again
if I'm a never-nude that means what I'm
gonna have to take a shower with the
clothes if you guys leave a light in the
next 10 seconds I'll go take a shower
with all my clothes on okay no I'm not
to take a shower my clothes on aren't I
okay I'm gonna have to go with be a
never-nude okay what 55% of people want
to be naked all the time
disgusting perverts what'd you order be
a rock star
it's been cut that's the goshawk storm
bloody that Rockstar shit shit lyrical
back off okay we don't listen to that
shit Oh would you rather be a movie star
I'm just pretending to be a movie style
never actually be a movie star and
that's kind of sad because I should be
in movies let's be honest now okay no
seriousness is a pretty tricky question
okay in rockstar all we've got to do is
play instruments
and yeah you're famous but then in movie
stars you've got a you know actually
work learn scripts and stuff do
auditions you know it's kind of kind of
a lot of hard work to do both of them I
don't think I have the time or the
patience to do this shit I think I would
prefer to be a movie star okay yep
sixty-eight percent agree okay because I
like acting okay measure so it's sort of
like me acting trying to be funny you
know I like I like it okay I make videos
I should be a movie star it makes sense
would you rather be a famous country
singer would you rather be a famous
blues guitarist is a bloody collar not
bloody music okay to be totally honest I
don't really know any famous blues
guitarist I know like one famous country
singer Billy Ray Cyrus okay what a
legend don't break my heart
okay be a famous country singer what
music only 42% of people prefer country
music I don't give a shit about no blues
guitarists would rather be able to kill
anyone by writing their name in a
notebook ah anyone needing a mama
doc boingy while you're da bomb mmm-hmm
or do you know what
hahahaha what do you mean no ha ha ha
would you rather be able to heal anyone
of any injury slash illness or revive
the dead via a kiss oh my god wait and
provide the dead via a kiss okay yeah
all right so I've seen Death Note okay
that anime where some guy could write
anyone's name in a notebook and kill
them instantly okay and although that
would be fun I'm pretty sure I'll get
caught just like I mean um spoilers so
I'm gonna be a good guy and heal anyone
I'm pretty sure I'll get captured and
used you know to heal some evil people
or some shade you know because that's
all power is too powerful okay but you
know what let's assume that I'll use it
for good and just heal sick people okay
yeah 75% of people agree and 25% of
people are evil bastards who are just
bloody weeaboos would you Father be in
the Fallout universe would you rather be
in the Skyrim universe
now this is a really tricky question
because I absolutely love fallout okay I
did series on fallout three and a bit on
fallout 4 ok go watch that ok that just
shows how much of a fallout fan I am but
I think I'm enough to go with Skyrim ok
because it could be fun living in the
medieval times and I don't really want
to live in a fallout kind of world where
it's post-apocalyptic that's like 66% of
people agree that's a hard one though
I'll give it that
would you rather meet the Pope no
Brandon I'm the Pope who is this guy Oh
would you rather be the Pope this is a
pretty pointless question ok because I
wouldn't care if I met the Pope then
again I wouldn't want to be the pop ok
praying all day so I'm gonna say meet
the pub okay yes only one percent of
people agree would you rather be a
pokemon trainer would you rather be a
zombie slayer this is a bit of a stupid
question also okay I don't have time to
be a zombie slayer okay I'm a lazy piece
of shit so I'm off to say be a pokemon
trainer okay yeah 57% agree okay people
want safe lives okay we don't want to
get eaten by no zombies below if you
were given the responsibility
would you rather inform a room of first
grade students that their favorite pet
has died tragically Oh home and see my
doggy Timmy I'm afraid your dog just
died explain to a room of first grade
students how sex works in graphic detail
okay first you take a bloody ding-dong
and then you take your buddy oh ha
oh okay so this question basically says
do you want to make some kids cry or do
you want to make some kids scream okay
and I like making kids cry okay wait
what
sixty-two percent of people want to
explain how the bloody hoo-hah
and they don't work okay I'm not playing
that shit okay you move on to the next
question would you rather never eat
pizza again all never drink another soda
now to be totally honest for me okay I
like pizza but I could do without not
eating again but to be honest I don't
drink soda the only thing I do drink is
water drink water kids okay it's good
for you okay
now that everything's all drying what
was the question again oh yeah like I
was saying I would choose to never drink
another soda
okay yes 60% of green would you rather
have to wash your hands every 10 minutes
or wash your hands want some month okay
my hands are pretty clean okay I washed
them like several times a day but I
could not afford to wash them every 10
minutes okay
so I'll just have to be very careful and
wash them only once a month
what okay would you rather what a
volcano erupt or witness a meteor
hitting earth way what kind of stupid
question is that
you will not be harmed you would however
be impressed I would probably say I
would watch a volcano erupt okay because
I don't want to witness a meteor hitting
earth because then innocent people will
just die
all right well only 52 percent agree I'm
quite surprised okay because 48 percent
of people want you know innocent people
to die which Bartha have a huge head and
a small neck why Oh would you rather
have a huge neck and a small head is my
future or small head hmm both of these
are pretty shitty I'm not gonna lie I'll
probably choose to have a big head okay
I'm not gonna lie that would be pretty
cool alright people would probably be
like oh you got a big that's cool
would you rather save two family members
all save 10,000 strangers whoa
this question is pretty hard I'm not
gonna
but you know what I'm a good person okay
and although it would really upset me
I'm gonna have to save ten thousand
strangers what fifty four percent of
people are bloody selfish little
bastards okay I mean it does say to
family members so I'll just pick you
know the oldest people in my family okay
although it will be sad I could just do
that would you rather be Danny Phantom
he's a phantom or would you rather be
been 10 okay so I've seen Danny Phantom
alright that was a show which I watched
as a kid but Ben 10 kind of came out you
know after I was a kid okay and I don't
watch kids shows anymore I'm 22 year old
man so I'm allowed to say Danny Phantom
phantom 52 percent agree okay I'm in the
majority yet again okay ladies and
gentleman I am going to end the video
here this has been another would you
rather video if you want me to continue
this as a series because I love making
the videos as you can clearly tell and I
think they make great videos but you
know like if only people watch them and
actually like them I'll make more okay I
want to make videos that you like to
like to watch okay so leave a like if we
reach 10,000 likes on this video I will
definitely continue would you rather
thank you guys so much for watching and
I'll see you in the next video - later
guys love you but bye
okay so I'm not like
