education and learning that's me that's
me what is this city on scam you've got
me playing whoo hello everyone how is
everyone doing it is mesh yourself here
today we are playing bloody ball these
basics so everyone is playing this
shitty-ass horror game and i have no
idea why okay because it looks like a
piece of shit where you guys want me to
play it so now we're playing it that's
it let's do it welcome to your school
what kind of scary I should be our
school is this alright so this game
takes place in a school where you got
this bowl ah shit uh oh my god he's
always playing looking at me I see
you're scaring the shit out of me guys
okay I move out the way you bloody
bullshit okay okay something I want to
point out I have all watched any YouTube
videos on this game okay I haven't even
played it alright it's the first time I
don't know what to expect can I go
through this door
sure I need to collect two notebooks I
forgot my notebooks at all my teachers
gonna bloody kill me
no pod√≠a okay I swear I'll go find them
okay oh my goodness I'm gonna find these
notebooks otherwise body's gonna bloody
kill me who is bald off okay can we just
leave the exits right here okay oh shit
I guys it looks like a piece of shit
looks like I just took a big fat shit
all right and that's what looks like
gonna go through here oh my god I bloody
can is bloody class time time time for
class
let's just go to class okay why am I the
only student here oh okay so I'm
guessing this thing bouncing over here
is a notebook so I grab it I'm Indian
okay 3 minus 2 4 minus 0 0 4 5 minus 7
minus 2 so I see how this game is you
collect the 7 notebooks to get to leave
school ok how hard can it be
where's this shitty ass coin I've got a
quarter okay there's another room here
oh my goodness guys I see another
notebook in this Betty rope okay just go
over to the table grab the notebook Wow
why not gonna play this shitty awesome
Mac game why didn't one playing this
game on YouTube I don't understand it ok
7 plus 6 is 13 4 plus 3 is 7
so what would
okay
enter answer is it - oh I get angrier
for every problem you get wrong okay so
I packed up the notebooks can I now
enter the doors oh my god I can oh god
where's buddy Baldy gone bloody ballsy
is going to kill me what is going on
wow you exist what why why does it say
that I hit every door you open huh okay
so baldies gonna chase me with a bloody
rule ah we got to avoid him at all costs
okay that's buddy buddy run run oh no he
had me open the door run run no running
in the halls
oh no running 15 seconds 15 inches for
you the tension your buddy board is
there I'm trapped in the corner oh wait
school faculty only I must go in guys
it's my only chance what's in it oh I'm
so scared Oh baldies coming what the
shit is this cassette oh I got a
cassette what does it do oh no no
entering school faculty only rooms and
the halls bored he's gonna come kill me
I see you managed oh no bunny
I've already saw me what do I do fifty
seconds Oh God he's right behind me ha
ha ha what's on screen what a shitty ass
game I'm soaked
Mississippi game oh look guys there's
school rules which we must follow string
king no escaping detection for breaks
what the shit break the bloody fourth
okay so now in other school rules we now
know what that bloody guy comes in and
says right behind me oh god the size of
this bloody school what the hell am i
doing what I should who is that
I saw bloody someone in the corner Oh
guys I'm not sure if it's safe run run
run run run run run take this I got the
lock run run run run run run run oh boy
what he's right behind me board is
coming oh another classroom is there
another no t there is is six black 4 is
13 oh no another bloody thing
okay guys board he's gonna get bloody
angrier because I got that one wrong
Baldy where are you oh no he's right
here one another note quickly get the
other note quick okay we have four notes
guys done this is kind of scary I'm not
gonna lie okay 40 oh my god you scared
the shit outta me due to unknown reasons
that have absolutely nothing to do with
games what about what bodies might slap
my arse around you I love a bit of body
slapping my ass
yeah well the sweep sweep sweep
oh look oh look I've slowed down in this
room okay guys when they leave we have
to leave okay we don't have any sweep
sweep sweep
is this ladies and gents as you can see
this is a mailbox I shall open it with
my teeth please I don't want to trouble
I suppose the running in the hall oh
okay I won't run away second okay he saw
me run despite our poor eyesight
buddy okay okay stay here okay yeah man
this game is not fun to play okay it is
giving me stress what is this game
zombie doing how I suppose do anything
with boldly chasing me shit game so we
got one in the bloody halls okay so how
it was to get away from Baldy then I was
shut heart you mothered baldies a great
teacher due to his incredible hearing
abilities he can not only tell where any
sound came from but who made it cool
right you got me killed you stupid bitch
what the shit is this a giant cell phone
in the quarter
he's a quarter please refrain from using
the food well professor Baldy is in the
building it caused him to forget what he
was doing and prevents him from hearing
how do I use it don't do it guys phone
protect me protect me found Bo they
didn't tell me I told what the shit is
this game what the shit is this really
lunch hole now all these things oh god
okay I probably should have researched
this shitty game it's a shock this game
and there's all these characters that I
don't know
this is bully I'm gonna take your cane
he's gonna take my can be dead
oh he gets angrier for every wrong
question oh gosh you don't think it's
just super gonna be super angry now that
I didn't get that right oh I think he's
angry
oh my god okay he goes to buy angry
don't don't don't do that get it right
guys okay I have four notes now okay I
have to get three more notes how hard
could that be
oh okay scared me bloody stupid ass
teacher always giving me detention piece
of shit right just two more notes how
hard is it to find two more notes Oh God
there is always getting closer he's
getting closer he's getting closer
come on come on I'm so close disgusting
Oh guys it's the sixth note oh come on
I've got to do this and I'm gonna get
one more okay guys we just have to find
one more note but Baldy is super angry
because I keep failing his shitty
questions okay I think this is it I
think this door is the last door come on
please please be the one please be the
one this is so scary
oh no I can see him he's all the way
down there he's coming good Lord smote
okay isn't it like all the notes I've
got all the notebooks okay okay guys you
know what I think I'm gonna end the
video then if this video reaches 20,000
lights and I mean 20,000 likes okay I
will you know learn how to play this
game do some research make a pot too and
hopefully find the ending or find some
secrets or more to this game because
apparently there's a lot of shit to do
in this game and I am not prepared to
play ours at this game just to find out
so if you guys want to see another video
twenty twenty thousand likes and I'll do
that thank you guys so much for watching
or see in the next video
buh-bye
you degrade one I'm balding
