hey guys it is messy selfie today I have
such an awesome video because we are
playing just cause for see if you guys
didn't know just cause for has just been
announced that III by square-enix
and they've actually allowed me to play
a early version of the game just to make
a video on it okay and I am so excited
to do this let's jump in first thing I
noticed look how beautiful this games
look at man
Rico is back in his wingsuit man I've
missed this I've missed this so much
look at him so majestic just flowing
everywhere price this bridge right here
is actually like really important to the
game so you can't destroy it but I heard
you can destroy other bridges in this
game oh man look at this it's so
beautiful oh it's so beautiful
oh what a great view whenever I used to
play Just Cause 3 I would just like fly
around everywhere and I would get
nothing done I would play like hours and
just get nothing done I would just be
wingsu in everywhere okay so there looks
like there's a there's like a little
village here should we go check it out
so they've actually added like balloons
in this game so if I attach one to this
girl I've said it at the moment that
this balloon when I when I activate it
okay if she would then just float 15
meters high and she will follow me so
anywhere I go now she'll just be
following me alright I think this is a
bit of torture okay I'm just gonna I'm
just gonna go away alright just go away
from that oh so what I'm gonna do now is
I'm gonna put some thrusters at the back
of this car okay and I've set it to like
that the highest strength so let's see
how fast I'll go in this car alright
shall activate
oh okay
okay it's not working Oh No okay I've
said it to 30 seconds and it's not gonna
stop until until 30 seconds is up okay I
have no idea what's happening now okay
it's still going it's still going I have
no it okay it's still going Wow okay
it's not alright that's what I've done
I've finished okay Wow alright I made it
out alive who would have thought Jesus
let's just put one thruster on and I've
actually lowered the strength in it all
right so now it should actually work
like an actual thruster and boost my car
instead of doing what the hell it just
did oh right right there okay what oh
yeah I don't think it actually worked
but if you place it right it will
actually work Oh God okay this is hard
to control
Oh God I mean it works oh no oh no oh oh
okay I mean it kind of works you know
kind of I wonder if I can put a balloon
on this on this red explosive barrel and
have it just float all the way over to
that big you know circular explosion
anything easy come on follow my cursor
I've got it to follow my cursor at the
moment gone gone oh okay well I exploded
it but the barrel still okay here we go
oh no it's pretty sure this towel is
gonna fall oh it might fall oh oh look
how sticky it is why am I being
entertained by this tower alright just
fall down around I shot a grenade
launcher to the floor and I died Wow the
ragdoll makes me laugh randomly I'm
gonna put a bunch of balloons on this
big red explosion thing okay I want to
see if I can get it to float up in the
air and have it explode all right there
we go it's exploding exploding there we
go
okay alright it's just gonna plug in the
sky I think it's gonna explode in the
sky oh it's coming back down now oh no I
think I ran out of helium in my balloons
okay oh that's kind of expecting it to
explode but anyway Oh God I probably
shouldn't be on this okay look at little
Rico just just just upside down you just
chill in that Rico I wouldn't be just
chillin there it could explode any
second now it's just not exploding it's
a bit of like five minutes it's not
exploding Oh God
all right I've spawned in a jet I wanted
us check out some of the vehicles in
this game because I know Rico can pretty
much fly anything from cars to boats to
helicopters to even Jets so yeah let's
see what we could do with this jet guns
okay I just wrecked that guy on our way
are those heat-seeking missiles Oh No
fly fly oh god oh god probably shouldn't
have done this on the road but I'm
flying
yeah okay I'm in the air all right
that's good
now how the hell do I fly this thing uh
whoa the wall you see that the missiles
are like heat-seeking missiles that's so
cool whoa it just follows the nearest
target
oh man imagine taking down a base with
this jet that that would be so cool and
so good
okay well I mean I wasn't good at flying
that thing anyway
all right I've spawned in a bus okay so
what I wouldn't do with this great Oh
easy okay I'm gonna put a bunch of
thrusters on the bottom of this bus okay
and I'm gonna just gonna see what
happens okay because when the physics
take over in this game it's pretty funny
easy easy easy
okay all right there we go all right
here we go three two one okay well there
it goes just flying off into the
distance all right this time I'm gonna
try again but I want to get inside the
bus this time because it's just so funny
when you get inside a vehicle when
there's a bunch of thrusters and stuff
okay oh okay it's fine all right I would
meant a book thrusters on the bottom but
I put them everywhere so this is
probably not gonna work like it worked
last time but let's see
Oh
oh yeah okay yeah and I was kind of
expecting that to happen I have spent a
long time doing this but it'll be funny
trust me you get a balloon
now please watch float all right
activate thrusters man why why am i
torturing these people I feel so bad for
them but man what a beautiful sight
you know what what a beautiful so I'm
looking at right now come on come back
Oh guys oh the goats are so cute oh yeah
don't you remember like Just Cause 3 had
a bunch of animals I bet there's gonna
be like a bunch more animals in just
cause for an is so cute I do love the
animals I'm not gonna lie what a cute
goat man I'm a goat man oh yeah this is
the new enemy with the shield okay
I'm gonna before it's on the shield okay
there's a lot of enemies on me alright
just one man versus a familiar enemies
die Christ
oh no they have a helicopter they have a
helicopter
okay well that just where the whole
helicopters exploded oh no they have
another one go away you stupid
helicopters can I get in it I think I
can right oh yeah oh yeah just fine Jack
the helicopters mid-flight oh man I love
this helicopter battle oh no oh no no I
do die a lot when I play this game geez
whoa what's going on here look there's a
bunch of balloons just floating in the
side what what what look it's just like
a balloon factory I don't understand
what's going on there's just a bunch of
balloons everywhere okay no that's cool
can you go away stupid sniper Jesus I
think you can actually set this big
explosion power to space if you just
shoot the legs because I think it will
ignite from the bottom and then just
flow up okay it's not falling so I put
some balloons and some thrusters go oh
god this is a bad idea but I'm doing it
anyway oh god I love things float and I
could just get on it just let the frost
us go oh no this is a bad idea
it's gonna explode any second okay
everyone guess right now is that a gonna
explode when I hit the ground or is it
be
okay well alright well it was big it was
being that was so cool okay you gotta
admit that was pretty cool oh that's
right I love that move it's my favorite
alright let's yank these two explosion
towers together and maybe it will just
explode within one okay well I didn't
what
okay great why do what all those going
crazy laughs no sorry you're gonna be
putting the explosions there you go yank
him hahaha that's Instant Karma but my
grenade launcher even has like alternate
fire so I think it can shoot like
different neighbor whoa just shots five
grenade launchers in once Oh No Oh God
guy here shoot
Oh No Oh Oh the bridge collapse wait so
if I shoot the bridge oh okay alright
this you can collapse this bridge I
don't know you could do that
okay well that's cool so I guess if
there's any reinforcements that they
call you can just you can just destroy
the bridge and the reinforcements can't
arrive because how they're gonna get
past us when there's no bridge okay
that's pretty cool oh my god it's a
tornado guys a tornado is in just course
or look at this thing
goodness this is the most insane thing
to ever happen to Just Cause like like
like look what's going on the screen
right now an actual tornado it's going
through a base and tearing up everything
like this like I was told that like only
something like this could happen
with this new engine that they have for
this game because they would not be able
to do it with with the previous engine
look at this this is absolutely insane
to look at oh god I'm getting shocked
okay guys I think I've shown enough just
cause for gameplay that I'm allowed to
at this point but you know what I am so
excited for this game Thank You
square-enix so much for allowing me to
play it early what a privilege that is
and yeah I can't wait for the game to
come out and yeah thank you guys so much
for watching and I'll see you in the
next video buh-bye
