whoo hello everyone how is everyone
doing it is mash yourself there today we
are back with Detroit become human I am
so excited to complete this game guys
it's a bit longer than I thought it was
going to be and there's so much story
which we still haven't seen so as soon
as this video reaches 30,000 likes
please try and do it before tomorrow and
if we do I will upload it tomorrow
anyway let's continue all right we got
back to corner baby oh man I am so
excited to complete this game because I
have no idea what's gonna happen all
right
but I'm prepared for my mind to be blown
okay so back in the garden now are we
going to talk to Amanda again
oh there she is Amanda we do go over
there you stupid go hello hello Amanda
hello man I've been expecting you I mean
would you mind a little walk no of
course I got my little bit of a walk all
right you should have bought your own
umbrella though it's too big oh that
deviant seemed to be an intriguing case
the one that got away did he you didn't
manage to capture oh I had to not
capture otherwise he would have
committed suicide let's say explain
deviance are completely irrational which
makes it difficult to anticipate their
behavior yeah but I should have been
more effective no did apologize did you
manage to learn anything
Oh learn I learned that Hank or I keep
falling over oh I miss something diary I
found its diary but it was encrypted
yeah I did it may take weeks to decipher
weeks I go time to Wick's okay what else
what else fines on walls of the
apartment were covered with drawings of
labyrinths and other symbols like the
other deviants
it seemed obsessed with REM what is
alright 9 we still don't know you came
very close to catching that deal I did
be proud of me how is your relationship
with lieutenant development it's going
good
I like the lieutenant he is uh I saved
him he seemed grateful that I saved his
life on the roof yeah he didn't say
anything but he expressed it in his own
way yes he did okay all right all right
how long is his body walk
oh no she's wet we don't have much time
Oh Oh a few D&C continues to spread it's
only a matter of time before the media
finds out about it oh we need to stop
this wait this whatever it takes
whatever it takes I will solve this
investigation a man yeah come on Connor
you're the point you feel the only one
that could save us a new case just came
in no case fine Anderson an investigate
okay all right we're gonna find Hank and
then we go to go oh man
I like Connors missions because it's
like with Connors the only one trying to
find out why these robots are going
crazy everyone else has their own
stories Markus wants like the robots to
sort of cause a revolution you know and
fight back Korra just wants to escape to
Canada and Connor actually wants to find
out what is happening and why these
robots are all going crazy
so yeah I like I love the fact that
there's three characters in this game
you know because it keeps the story
interesting and you know it's only a
matter of time until our characters
start to you know meet and integrate
with each other
Connor almost caught Cora on that one
mission all right so add the one we're
going to Hanks house I'm guessing we're
gonna meet up with him and then go over
to this a new place anybody home an
always Hank is Hank inside or what
should we check his car his cars here so
he couldn't have gone anywhere break oh
no I think he's just drunk it looks like
he's just drunk I don't think he's easy
oh listen I know your name no I'm here
to save your owner
tsumo yeah we asked about his dog who's
he had dog hairs on his chair at one
time yeah okay Hank he's got a bullet
he's got a gun sorry the hell happened
Hank I think he's just drunk and
unconscious because there's alcohol here
but why is he got a gun one bullet
remaining or known to distribute anyone
all right we can see that his heart is
still pumping okay so he's not dead all
right oh yeah he has traces of alcohol
yeah he's definitely drunk look at him
he's in a coma
lieutenant wake up lieutenant lieutenant
yeah go wake up Oh Oh wake them up all
right come on
go ahead sober you up for your my house
I need you come on lieutenant
yeah you're meant to be working now come
on why just thank you in advance for
your cooperation stupid idiot come on
solo all right oh yes you mo ain't their
talking dog I'm afraid to think I'm
gonna be sick he can't even stand up
straight and he's gonna be sick oh no
don't tell me I have to help him oh no
come on lieutenant
Oh leave me alone you asshole
oh my oh man I'm drunk come on hike some
resisting just hurry up and sober up how
are you doing oh oh just driving the
time I don't want a bath hey sorry
lieutenant
Oh push him are we giving him a ball no
way and we're just gonna pop was it too
hot or too cold what you doing here
homicide was reported 43 minutes ago I
couldn't find you at Jimmy's bar so I
came to see if you were at home oh Jesus
I must be the only cop in the world it
gets assaulted in his own house by
yourself band room come on that's just
way too calm can't you just leave me
alone no I can't sorry Hank you piece of
shit aggressive oh god what I say
unfortunately I cannot I then programmed
to investigate this case and I can't do
it without I can do it without give a
shit about your goddamn case oh you're
not yourself come on oh yeah cap over
lieutenant he's drunk
yeah don't drink kids Oh tease or leave
let's tease it I understand you know it
probably wasn't interesting anyway man
found dead in a sex club downtown
oh yes they'll have to solve the case
without us oh you know probably wouldn't
do me any harm to get some air he has
some bedroom there okay yeah I'll go get
them
hey go get some clothes Jesus Christ
Hank is absolutely an absolute mess okay
can we explore his house do you think we
can explore house all right let's see
what clothes what do you want to wear
whatever whatever
hippies stripy or streaky let's go okay
oh no easy on the toilet oh no he's
throwing up oh don't show it don't show
it okay good
are you all right lieutenant disgusting
I hate throwing up oh yeah okay good
wonderful this is costing all right just
get changed you have met a choking lucky
drunk piece of shit
sure give me five minutes okay I'm
guessing you can explore Oh disgusting
okay all right
learn more about Hank okay we do get to
explore his house no way can we pet the
dog oh you escalation oh man guys I saw
one of the experts are suggesting oh I
want a dog guys oh man if any of you
guys have dogs let me know because I
wish I had a dog man I don't know I
don't like cats anymore I want dogs Hank
loves jazz okay cool so we're learning
more about him and stuff I can look at
this picture on the table who's that is
that I can analyze who it is deceased
was that his son Hank loss this son no
way wait I forgot to check the date on
it when did he die oh that's so sad
maybe that's why Hanks depressed maybe
that's why he had a gun and everything
and that's why he's been drinking a lot
cuz his son died question I'll say
nothing question what were you doing
with the gun remember where it was
playing Russian roulette yeah
oh my goodness must be glad that's where
you put one bullet in the chamber and
then you were lucky you your slingshot
would have killed you cheese yeah you
put one gun one bullet in the chamber
and then you do that and then I'll kill
you a one all right thanks ready
Oh put him smile oh good dog I won't be
long
sumo such a big fat dog I love big dogs
I want a big dog I think if I was to get
a dog look at that he's so cute oh he's
so big and fat and fluffy I love it
ok so yeah that was just a standard
story mission I think I did pretty much
everything yeah all right let's go
continue okay so I think now we're going
to Marcus where we left off with Marcus
he wanted to steal parts from a cyber
like factory I guess because the robots
are all dying so Marcus wants to steal a
bunch of parts with his and with its new
Jericho friends this is crazy if they
catch us were dead Oh what if we do now
what we find the cyber life warehouse
that's where they keep the spare parts
and the blue blood okay that's what we
need me oh my goodness how are we
supposed to do this to healthily okay
okay okay well yeah so we're gonna try
to the stealthily I'm not sure there's
multiple endings Oh what's up careful oh
my goodness there's God's there
just shake on oh she's gonna program
another weapon in the Hat in a head
is she okay we're gonna go up alright
you gotta be careful guys or we can't
get by to jump
alright come on Paco here we go jump
again all marks are so cool with his
Pascal I love I with the stealing from a
factory right now that's so cool oh
there it is the cyber like factory come
on Marcus we're gonna go quick
all right look at that amazing jump jump
Oh climb up we're okay follow north or
follow Simon let's follow north okay oh
I'll be on the crepe go away we're just
hanging here
good thing we're a robot and we can you
know hold ourselves up like this careful
jump down jump down are we gonna talk
down oh no all right cool we made it
jump okay all right we need me that we
needed ever knew that cyber like
warehouses all right
we have everything we're looking for
firstly it's legal we do all the d-brane
get rid of it all right we tear this
drone otherwise it will it's gonna spot
us I've imagined it in my brain normally
I'm up there and then climb what's the
other great quickly Oh
then wait for it wait for it okay okay
yeah that was good Marcus oh okay Oh -
ed with north is going up okay
oh this is the stuff we're stealing
right here okay cool now this crates
come on come on get this shit up we need
to stop when he does not take as much as
you can take all the blue blood we need
it we that we need it for Jericho
someone coming you were trespassing on
private property
oh no the presents constitutes a level
two infraction I will notify security
wait wait god damn machine
oh oh oh god what I do what I do I grab
in height do I run away do I kill the
God or do I hide okay let's let's grab
it grab in height all right is it that
means we're hiding and the Android
design Oh No I need your help John Oh No
he sees the knife
no oh God should we release a taco hold
release him maybe there you are what the
hell are you doing I mean it was
inspecting the platform everything is in
order
good then I'm gone back the control
station soaked date the drone of
maintenance and make a report he's now
on my side he didn't believe it myself
oh maybe my I convinced him by
connecting with in white oh is he now
he's following us oh maybe we like
infected him with the ra9 virus to think
I don't know but he's just now on our
side okay well okay well let's just take
more stuff and then let's get the hell
out of there guys okay we're gonna check
what's in this big crate now come on
come on Marcus quick we could just grab
what you can grab what you can
oh my goodness what's in here
all its androids are we gonna convince
her
why are you like us why aren't you like
us don't you want to be free
so that what do I do I mean I guess we
should free him you could join us
Marcus is all about free of the androids
oh all you gots to do is just is touch
them and then they know they're like
just like that open up their eyes for
the first time
so cool man Marcus is creating like an
Android all me this is great let's go
another I've never seen the world like
this well Marcus is like the liberator
look at them okay
they liked it okay good thing I did do
that oh I'm respected now by Jericho
alright that's all we can carry
let's go ahead alright that's what we
can carry well we stole about to shake
me with you
oh okay yeah sure I'm they're saying we
can't trust him yes he asked for us we
can't just leave him here I got us a
lead for us I'll ring the back with us
it's too dangerous
why no I think we should he saved our
lives
they come with us yes oh no no I know
where you can find more spare parts save
you meaning
the trucks
they're full of bio components whoa
they're run on autopilot but they can be
driven manually with a key and the other
clear is this key
oh we're gonna steal more stuff good in
the control station
it's risky human guards will have to get
the key without being noticed
oh suicide markers our bags are full we
got what we came for let's go before
they catch us the truck full of spare
hearts there'd be enough for all of us
yeah we can't pass this up we call it
killed our people have nothing we can't
take that chance too risky oh my
goodness they're gonna make me decide
they decide I think we should do it wait
here we're gonna do I'm not back in ten
minutes go without me Marcus I'm coming
with you no I'm going alone
yeah I've got worth it for both of us to
risk losing our lives yeah yeah true
true truth alright this stupid new world
it's different women are a typical woman
all right my marriage it just goes up
and down without and it oh let's look
okay there's two gods right here we need
to be careful okay there's the key and
that's what we need okay we found the
key let's open this window it's just
like the bathroom window careful come on
in you go Marcus alright go to the
bathroom easy I think I can do this
without being spotted I mean I'm gonna
try so hard oh it's a god
hm no no no no no no we can do this
cleanly we can do this cleanly we just
got to look around I see something over
here so l1 caused a blackout can we do
this like it well I can take what's this
a screwdriver maybe now I can cause the
blackout source okay yeah that's a good
idea that means no one will get hurt and
I can just grab the key okay easy open
the servers what do I do now justjust
just smash it okay don't know what
everything does oh shit what's going on
oh don't be seen
careful careful Oh Oh easy easy easy
you point the gun go go go go go go go
go go go steal the key is it ready go
get it I get it
oh my god cuckoo cuckoo cuckoo bees go
back to the bathroom go oh no no no no
no no one's here
escape escape No
all right I don't know what you think
you're doing I said I might am I free I
did did you get it yeah I did get it
bitch
so I'm Tory Mouse Marcus gets the job
done
all right we got a whole truck full of
supplies now and now we're just gonna
drive on happen
okay sure hurry oh yeah this is awesome
and badass we did this completely
stealth I bet we're gonna get caught
last minute these games love love you
know putting a bit of action towards the
end just when you think everything's
okay they're gonna start having an
action scene
hello-o
did I miss out all I did I did it
stealthily I thought I miss something
but now I didn't man and now we're back
with a bunch of supplies we are so
strong now a trust all a whole truck bio
components for everybody that means what
we did today that Marcus yeah it's okay
you know no big deal
admired by Jericho I should be the
leader no I came to Jericho because here
androids are free but free yeah but
we're not free free to live in the dark
okay no one finds us that's not freedom
okay free to die in silence waiting for
a change it's never gonna come
now go unless unless but I don't want
that freedom and that's what your
something about it and I'm not gonna beg
for the right to smile yeah love or
stand tall yeah I don't know about you
but there's something inside me that
knows that I am more than what they say
yeah I am Alive I'm a mad and they're
not gonna take that from me anymore wait
I do Marcus our days of slavery are over
slavery is over boy what humans don't
want to hear we will tell them yeah what
they don't want to give we take we take
that bitch we are people we are alive
we we are free it literally I called it
on the star it's a revolution
- goddamn revolution Marcos is so cool
that I love everyone's stories in this
game alright so I don't think that's
worth doing again is there I'm guessing
there's multiple endings Marcos stole a
truck full of parts honestly these and
this level wasn't I didn't care that
much okay it was kind of like a filler
mission even though you can fail it
there's no point just seeing that you
know I kind of want to continue with the
story so let's just do that oh we're
going to the eden Club oh oh oh so the
Ealing Club is I'm guessing a like a
strip club mukombo your robot drew and
service go or maybe it's a brothel I
don't know you sure this is the place
it's the address in the report okay okay
okay you so good let's get going what I
could even drive the car I thought that
you've got a hangover okay so we're
going to some robot brothel which is
very nice but yes apparently someone
died here that's why we're investigating
it oh this is this is kind of cool
though
I'm glad exist androids in town Oh sexy
at words now I know why you insisted on
coming here yeah oh man so you can
literally do anything with androids
especially uh you know Oh God look how
sexy they are oh damn
Oh sexy these robots are especially this
guy look at him oh damn it's got the
whole package and everything
look at this dude look at him posing
he's like hey Connor oh you do I'm
coming nothing
I'm sorry okay I'm just looking at the
merchandise sorry I drove a distracted
talk damn look at this go don't see okay
all right let's go in see what happened
lieutenant Anderson is plastic up to the
wheel we've been assigned all cases
involving Android yeah oh yeah like
wasting time oh there's some pervert ooh
uh God more actually get handled Wow did
the robot Caleb we'll have a look anyway
if you don't mind come on let's go maybe
the androids went crazy because he was
boozing
he was trying to do something why push
to be a prick night lieutenant
good night yeah maybe yeah maybe a nap
maybe the the guy wanted the Android to
do more than he then then he wanted and
then you should killed him okay let's
examine him all right no signs of a
heart attack we can see that he was
deceased I what happened to him severe
bruising oh he was strangled was he no
way I think he was strangled oh yeah we
can tell look oh yeah oh my word should
we see what this robot is saying it
would happen analyzed mm-hmm I can try
Oh Donna Oh Connor you're so disgusting
yeah I think I'm gonna puke again but
we're gonna see okay so she has blood
enough okay connect we can connect with
our if we could find out what happened
reactivation required the only way to
access its memory is to reactivate it
but we're good night with because I'm a
badly damaged well if I can only do for
a minute maybe less a minute just hope
it's long enough to learn something oh
my word we're gonna bring her back to
life
whoa whoa calm down calm down calm down
calm down easy just has what happened
what do we do Suda calm down
everything's all right yeah all we want
is to know what happened yeah weaponed
is he is he dead yes yes he's dead come
on tell me what happened quick did you
kill him
no okay no it wasn't me okay what
happened one up a bit
he started Oh No hitting me hitting you
again
do you remember hurry we don't have much
time I don't know why I don't oh just
tell me I don't know I can't remember
you're alone in the room was there
anyone else with you he wanted to play
with two girls
that's what he said there was two of us
two more bombs the other Android that
strangled is that it
she died Wow okay so another Android did
it no huh it was not my enjoy it was
another Android here which I enjoy seven
over an hour ago it's probably long gone
but maybe no it couldn't go outside
dress like that unnoticed oh might still
be here oh if you could find a deviant
among all the other androids in this
place maybe deviants aren't easily
detected yeah they all motion so no do
why it's gonna be another way man come
on I witness somebody who saw it leaving
the room oh now we're talking manager a
few questions about what he saw you let
me know if you think anything wait look
but can I see I think Connor can connect
with other toys oh look at this sexy
over over here
anyway I think it's connect with other
hand roids right to see what happens no
fingerprints okay I gotta get it excuse
me lieutenant
oh excuse me you come here a second yeah
somethin maybe maybe come on we gotta go
unlock this girl before us can you rent
this Tracy
oh thank Connor we got it
just trust me yeah we cut we want to see
if we can see anything come up $30
Jesus Christ this is messed up on so
many levels
okay well yeah let's right now the bed
will look good on my expensive gun okay
well so now what we're gonna see what I
do I get to meet you
follow me oh I'll take you to your room
I'm good okay well I don't work haha
I just want to connect with that see if
she can see anything oh I'm gonna face
you see her face just a mood one no no
oh the hell are you do whoa I'm probing
a memory that's what I'm doing
oh look it's the girl that came out the
door we know what she looks like she was
she has like blue hair and stuff blue
hair okay cool
so we saw her it saw something oh yeah
so what did you leave the room a blue
haired Tracy Club policy is to wipe the
androids memory every two hours we only
have a few minutes if we want to find
another witness oh no oh God three
minutes what the hell I can connect with
the janitor he might saw something come
on giant Oh what did you see what you
see oh he saw up there he saw up and
then she Wed and went into the staff
door okay we know as she went she went
through here come on let's go we're
gonna get this girl we're gonna get her
we're gonna get it go go go go go go
quick quick I don't know why I'm not
running at this point
come on run wait oh I'll take it from
here
oh come on Hank come on let me take a
goddamnit oh here we go
Oh No they're a bunch of androids in
here way easy
be very careful she could be anywhere
she could be attack me anywhere
oh no the company I had toys there are
okay hey just stay calm all right it
must be one of the shit we're too late
no no no it must be one of them don't
trust any of them okay could be
absolutely any of them Oh analyzed
there's blood on the floor of course
there is we're gonna leave we're gonna
track the blood we're gonna track the
blood see where it went
Oh No yes there's blue blood we can see
the blood on the floor and its leading
where is it oh the finals
oh okay oh god oh god oh god oh no oh
it's not the girl running how many girls
are there
oh no oh god Hank you can do it oh no
that was good
throw a kick up oh oh oh he's looking
off she's looking after a friend oh no
did I mess up oh let's be another thing
oh no the lab boys on the boy tell em Go
Go come on come on yeah
oh no I'm sorry I did you
Oh nobody quits on events I'm sorry guys
I have to concentrate
Oh budhwa - oh no I don't wanna kill her
oh no when that man looked the other
Tracy I knew I was next I was so scared
I begged him to stop but he wouldn't
oh and so I put my hands around his
throat and I squeezed whoa until he
stopped moving
I didn't mean to kill him I just wanted
to stay alive g-get back to the one I
loved
and wanted her to hold me in her arms
again oh let me forget about the humans
there's smell of sweat
Oh No come on let's go oh they're in
love who's gonna let them go oh oh oh
man we just let them go Oh better this
way come on okay but why did the tank
like that man yeah I felt sorry for
those girls maybe I should have just
kept them alive but yeah I know that
there's yeah there's multiple endings
with the deviants escaped and guessing
yeah this is where if I shot her and
this is if something else but yeah I'm
not gonna do oh there's another ending
here okay this ending probably was if I
didn't find who the robots were okay and
I ran out of time but yeah so yeah I'm
not gonna do not playing on this one cuz
I don't really care much about this
mission
it doesn't change or impact the story as
much so that's why I'm not gonna do it
maybe I might do it later on in the
series like when I finished it but I
think we should continue and do one more
level you know all right yeah I wanted
to squeeze one more level in rather than
play replaying that mission because you
know it doesn't have a the story as much
oh we're gonna see what yeah I want to
see what happens with Cora and Luther
that's what I want to know Alice is
trusted Luthor is normal so we're going
to Canada right now and Luthor's coming
with us because he said he's gonna come
and protect us do we talk to him
distance is it much farther we should
arrive in an hour or so
Oh to Canada we're gonna write the
Canada and how long okay
well these people were going to see oh
maybe not how do you know about them all
with the androids that'll captured they
said they were humans helping Android to
cross the border oh if it was a lie yeah
it could have been a life's another trap
yeah all I know is those androids
believed it until slack call killed them
oh yes lack Co is the real enemy okay so
we got to take a chance you know we hook
what else what choices now go had a car
yeah we stole his car that walking it is
called yeah we couldn't walk I saw it
once in the garage Oh
Michael you've never used it oh just
stay in it's in his house killing robots
listen to me Oh No
we call broke down
we've got I live for the golf now this
doesn't look good yeah that didn't look
good what do we do now oh god yeah what
do we do oh look at this futuristic car
steam cyclist yes stay inside we don't
want you to get cold
alright so inspect the car engine we got
to fix this car now come on man it's
twenty thirty eight and cars still break
down what is this piece of shit
oh man we could have overheated engine
oh it looks like what are we doing
no you don't know continue on foot I
guess continue on please Alice won't
make it
by degrees is that Finn's hospital now
over the sign Pirates Cove amusement
park is their band invisible
/ well okay so we found an amusement
park but wouldn't it be a bit look at
Alice just okey so apparently we broke
down right in front of her amusement
park oh it is abandoned wow this is cool
this is cool yeah what a muse upon need
to find shelter work in the we have to
get out of the cold ok we will gather
the cold looks like it's been abandoned
for a while ok that's cool
Oh what's this this is a fortune teller
Oh or that's foreshadowing yeah
ok well be sure to look out for danger
I'm sure there's gonna be lots of danger
with Alice in the future ok I found a
building it's boarded up but it looks it
looks safe inside yeah it looks fine so
but it's boarded up how we're gonna get
in can we just break it off
maybe Luther can know I there's no way I
can there's no way out there's no way
power again yeah
so there's other than this yeah I'll
handle this come on now yeah I bet
Luther is strong enough to do it yeah
look at him look at him look at the
strength that's why we brought him along
baby my boy Luther comin through Oh
stand back here we go
I I don't think this missions dangerous
I feel like this is just like a bonding
mission between Cara and Luther because
we because he's just some new character
we just met last episode
yeah it looks fine to me what settle in
for me again fire going you get fire
going or so oh I found a bag Oh offer
cookie wait I have a cookie there are
some cookies left in it would you like
some no hungry what kind of go doesn't
like cookies
alright anyway let's check the gun see
if we still got the gun we still have
the gun from the first
oh that unlock something okay what oh no
don't tell me I'm gonna use the gun this
this level so yeah we still have the gun
that that Alice used to shoot her dad oh
my god look it's already 9 there's
already 9 on the oh no was a robot
living here and went outside I hope not
I really hope we're alone out here guys
it did say an option for a gun so I I'm
hoping we're alone I take these sheets
off the off the thing maybe this will be
good
warmth for Alice oh we're making a
repaired are we oh ok
I set up bed here we go come on Alice go
to bed now all right just be warm and
we'll go and see the guys tomorrow
Alice Oh unless she was like that Oh
which is that talk to her
well she's looking at all she's look at
the happy family
why can't I have that cake palace my
daddy loved me do you think we'll be
like them someday
why should good Oh God
sincere I don't know how to be like that
oh I've never been a part of a family
Oh Baby we can be our own family oh yes
be in our own way Oh
so sweet Oh
as long as we're together Oh Alice loves
me look look how much Alice loves me she
say that wish me you don't please
promise me you won't leave me mom no mom
oh she never had a mom talk I listen
yeah let's tuck her in come on now go to
bed you stupid girl
come on warmed by the fire supposed to
be hot in that big ass coat this big-ass
fire should we give a kiss kiss sleep
1000 sweet dreams
oh well it's like to me can you tell me
a story a story I ain't got time to tell
you by mouth boys
I have nine thousand children stories in
memory whoa we should have one for you
yeah hello Alice in Wonderland Oh
princess unicorn on I don't know girls
love unicorn this is a story about a
unicorn no oh not a story like that
we're not pretty
make one up what you know this is a
story about a little girl called Alice
who was tired of being afraid
whoa she dreamed of fame like all the
other little girls but will
but shadow the shadow that lived within
her kept her from being happy oh then
what sweet she made a real bad problem
me me that's a good thing I've everyone
who was just as lost as the little girl
oh so they decided to run away together
to try to find a better life
oh they encountered great dangers along
the way but but they stuck together
oh so they overcame all of them no a
long way away
they met Guardian another robot who left
his master to become their Guardian Oh
how does historian president I don't
know uh let's say Wow
they reach the place they dream of it
all live happily ever after
Oh stories always have happy endings oh
the real life isn't like that yes it is
you dumb off
I just spent all this time tending this
dumb off for you I know just like oh yes
even Alex who wants a good night from
Luther do this of course
oh dude is a QB Luther is really cute I
love him he's adorable
ah good night Alice
now even give a kissy the Nogales night
Alice Skyped took the words out my mouth
and that's just the standard stuff you
say to someone
sleep tight was that even mean sleeping
tight okay let's talk to Luther ah okay
so this is like a big bonding session
between characters all right not really
any story but let's talk to Luther okay
so tell me about your party sweet girl
oh she is a sweet girl yes yes she is
she is very brave very wave girl have
you ever heard of ra9
yeah I don't know all right all right
now was the first of us to awaken well
he will rise up and lead our people and
set us all free whoo
but if Ari and I never comes what is on
what if he's just a story that we tell
ourselves to keep each other going
kaien annexes I believe in him always
amongst us when the time comes we will
all see him ra9
Kara have you ever have our oldest
anything bad Alice about Alice no what
are you talking about oh no oh no it's
robots all the androids - hey I told you
guys that's why we needed the gun that's
why the oxen for the gun came to Oh No
Oh No what are they evil are they good
oh no I can either protect Alice or grab
my gun or oh no the adoptions put out
the fire or grab steak what those is the
stuff gonna do oh god oh god they're
coming they're coming the sister protect
Alice just protect them Oh God
Oh Luther crap to God I have to do it
Luther oh no question
don't be afraid
you know my hurt you oh we're just like
you they are friendly our name is Jerry
alrighty here before the park closed you
didn't mean to frighten you but
sometimes humans come to hurt us so
honored to see who was there Oh what are
you doing here
whoa you're looking for shelter for the
night that name is Olga area a little
girl oh we haven't seen one for a long
time
hello children you still have to come
and see us Oh and now they don't she
looks at him she looks sad oh yeah
there's something to show her something
fun she'll love it does she want to see
she should follow us then why the second
is so weird you have any choice
yeah I think we should say no okay these
robots seem fine and lukla it will hit
we'll be here to protect us I mean
robots aren't usually gonna attack other
robots now that's not how robots how
rabbits do their thing
but I am always a carousel that's what
we're gonna go on be our guest be our
guest
okay so reactivate wait I have to
reactivate it
Oh turn on oh this is so cute
I let still want to go on board Terra
Sally is about to begin
okay help Alice oh how cute
go on Alice Doyle the Clearasil up you
go oh come on Oh big fat shit ah there
we go
gotta run there you go now write the
bloody seahorse don't worry I'll be
right here just a bunch of robots
watching this girl just play on the
carousel by herself so cute look at
Alice Alice is like come on now just
give me an iPad why don't we play in the
ship that's okay ah she's great first
time I've seen her smile oh this is cute
she hasn't had much to smile about
lately
alice's being cute and the androids love
it they're so happy to make a child
happy
how you an adorable okay so that was it
alright guys so I think this episode was
I was just a bit of story progression
but yeah I'm think I'm gonna end the
video there I think now we just have two
more videos left of Detroit become human
okay so we're gonna have one more video
and then we're gonna have the ending
which I am so excited for there is
multiple endings which I am gonna do all
of them but not in that video I'll
probably make another video doing all
the endings but yeah either way though
shrine is 30,000 likes in 24 hours you
guys have been doing it every single day
which is insane
so try and do it and if we do I'll
upload the next episode tomorrow I am
now so excited to complete this game and
see where the story is gonna take us
thank you guys so much for watching and
I'll see you in the next video
buh-bye
