hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is master selfie today we are back with
Detroit become human I am so excited now
to complete this game okay I think we're
gonna do it in three more videos alright
so as soon as this video reaches 30,000
likes try and do it before tomorrow and
I will upload it tomorrow let's continue
several sources report that psycho life
has provided Detroit Police with a
prototype detective Android although
police assisted androids in Oh Marcus is
just on the dragon acting like if you
had like a normal look like normal
person he must be so freaked out okay so
now Marcus has gone rogue
and he's taken out sting in his in his
head all right he's pertaining to be
human now he wants to become human in
Detroit oh my goodness if only the game
was named that all right
how would have been such a great name so
what now for Marcus
well there you go
I asked the question and again an answer
straight back so we're gonna find
Jericho now because some random robot in
in the garbage lot told me too that
that's that that's enough for us
everything I need okay let's just go so
I know car rot is also looking for
Jericho so I think Marcus and Korra will
meet pretty soon if Marcus is heading to
Jericho right now okay so the graffiti
on the wall is the same on my hand all
right so I'm guessing I'm following the
graffiti oh I can decipher the graffiti
okay analyze this symbol okay I got a
clue now all right what's this bloody
clue another graffiti okay so I'm just
gonna be walking around finding graffiti
okay well this is pointless
oh my goodness look poor is on the news
she's on this paper
runaway machine causes panic oh now poor
Cara oh sorry excuse me not the way dumb
shit all right here's the next graffiti
location I can tell
all right let's decipher it so this is
the symbol that we saw last time and the
next symbol is here okay clue updated
all right so we have a new location on
the graffiti Oh Marcus oh look at them
go oh look at awesome he is okay so I
basically bunched the photo followed a
bunch of graffiti to this location all
right so let's drop down and Jericho
might be somewhere near here I don't
know go on Marcus do your parkour skills
he runs up Jaques Oh jumps on the ledge
okay poor Marcus
Oh Oh Park is so cool he just uses a
computer brain to visualize what to do
and then just did it okay well now I'm
up here gotta find more graffiti I guess
remove these things get out of our way
come on we gotta find Jericho what it is
even is Jericho my guest Jericho is like
a movement created by androids who have
gone rogue and it's like basically like
a community of robots
that like want to be free that's what
I'm guessing what Jericho is what do you
guys think oh there we go I just saw it
is this hit did I do it
it says that what is it a boat it's an
abandoned boat do you think do you think
I'm right and everyone there is at the
boat okay let's go on to the boat our
man this is okay bring me dead just then
but now what do I gonna do now what do i
do how do I get to the boat now okay
there's a nut okay we're gonna walk
across this are we gonna jump this no
way Marcus I think twice about this I
think you might die oh snap
chop
okay I was like yeah that would kill you
okay well I mean I'm in the ship now is
this what Jericho is then am I gonna
find a bunch of robots that's what I'm
guessing all right come on I think I put
the pieces together with our a9 and
Jericho and everything like that okay I
think some guy must have put some error
in robot software and the error was the
ra9 error and telling them to go to
Jericho or something like that I don't
know there's something going on I have
no idea never played the game but I
gotta shake this god damn flashlight
yeah I'm really good at that motion all
right don't ask why okay so yeah let's
keep going and find out if there's
anyone in this abandoned boat it doesn't
look like it but this is what Jericho
was right this is what everyone wanted
me to go to to find Jericho fine Jericho
okay so uh kind of creepy I'm gonna lie
oh I bet there's a jump-scare right now
it's gone - go ahead
what the shit did you it was let's go
oh she must have gone down here right
okay be careful Marcus alright you could
just you know put that down anyway yeah
okay we are not alone in this place all
right guys there is this some sumbitch
just ran across my screen like that be
careful Marcus oh she's in here she's
got nowhere else to go where else would
she have gone oh no no oh god this is
creepy this is creepy imagine being in
this place all by yourself and knowing
that there's someone here okay okay just
be careful Marcus
the noise I curse all night I saw a
shadow underneath the stairs fail I
think I think the game meant to do that
okay I didn't I didn't I didn't think I
failed the QuickTime event shit mark is
he okay pick up your flashlight damn you
okay Marcus oh there it is I told you I
told you I told you he's the guy from
the beginning welcome to Jericho wow if
the guy was beginning of the game other
thing is it's the exact robot because we
killed him but yeah I think that was it
okay so that mission there was no
multiple endings it was just pure
storyline the things that I missed were
just things that I didn't read so yeah
let's continue I want to know what the
shit Jericho was alright here we go baby
who are we following now I'm guessing
it's Connor alright so yeah the ending
where Connor chased Korra because I
wanted them to to me oh thank nearly got
a hit by carpet but yeah I chose that
anything but yeah they got away
I asked Connor it's still alive I don't
want any of my characters to die and I'm
gonna make sure that I get at the ending
where no characters died I mean if there
is an ending like that okay is your
problem
what'd you ever do as you're told they
don't have to follow me around like a
poodle gonna apologize okay I'm sorry
for my behavior
you think I'd of brown-nosing apology
program oh I liked it I provide
everything but he like oh oh we go oh
I've just got every single buzzing face
experience story oh no that thing here
not a chance
follows me everywhere oh don't need that
thing here why does that mean is there
anything you'd like to know about me
hell no yeah um why don't they make you
look so goofy and give you a cyber life
androids are designed to work
harmoniously with humans and with my
appearance and voice were specifically
designed to facilitate my integration
yeah well they dump or die okay maybe I
should tell you what we know about
deviants Oh read my mind
Percy okay we believe that a mutation
occurs in software of some androids that
can lead to them emulating a human
emotion in English please
they don't really feel emotions they
just get overwhelmed by irrational
instructions oh I kind unpredictable
behavior okay
that makes sense okay we're on it's
natural if screw everything up no well
the androids aren't as different from us
as we thought yeah and can Android can I
ask you a personal question lieutenant
why do you hate Android
so much oh yeah what do you have yeah
give me a reason he's gonna know we're
deviants before yeah I dealt with that
guy a few months back
oh that was mud DDoS threatening to jump
off the roof with a little girl whoa I
managed to save her yeah I think
so I guess you've done all your homework
right know everything there is to know
about me
not everything lieth of what that's just
time the truth I know you graduated top
of your class
whoa you made a name for yourself in
several cases and became the youngest
lieutenant in Detroit whoa I also know
you've received several disciplinary
warnings in recent years and whoa
you spend a lot of time in bars oh he's
depressed so what's your conclusion yeah
what is my conclusion oh now they don't
let me choose let's be sincere with them
I think working with an officer with
personal issues is an added challenge
but adapting the human unpredictability
is one of my future I just got a report
of a suspect of deviant oh okay it's a
few blocks away oh okay I'll let you
finish your meal
Oh be in the car for me man Kahn is so
cool
you can't you can't not like Connor you
know even Hanks like god damn and how
can I hate this goddamn robot he's too
good he's too good man
he's too good at his job hey Connor oh
here we go
you ran out of batteries or what I'm
sorry I was making a report to cyber
life okay oh this is wet Marcus just was
an unstained in the elevator
no I'm coming whoa okay I just blacked
out for a second there okay so yeah we
apparently there's a subtle about this
guy yeah what do we know about him not
much just that a neighbor reported that
he heard strange noises coming from this
floor okay nobody's supposed to be
living here but the neighbor said he saw
a man hiding in led unders
oh hello anyone home didn't they call
many home anybody home
hello open up Detroit police slut police
whoa
stay behind me cut it okay it sounds
like they were trying to get away for a
guy and everything come on let's take
out the place be careful Connor there's
someone here in this abandoned building
what do I do
do I search for him geez this place
stinks
oh my goodness look at this there's a
bunch of birds here living here our
man's gone now he's gone okay
well that's just great okay so oh now
look at the birds is flying everywhere
so I'm guessing an Android was living
here because you know with all the birds
you know an Android doesn't give a shit
about birds okay there's opposed to here
Annalise ufd okay oh that's clues okay
Oh
remove it what's behind the post are
whoa what is that a book
Brow's what is this but it's fresh air
looks like robot writing huh what's the
robot keeping a diary found something I
don't know I don't know looks like a
notebook but it's indecipherable Oh
maybe corner couldn't decipher that
Jesus I hate these things
oh look alright knives on the walls and
everything man we know any idea what it
means
yeah it's a fire ra9 written 2471 times
Jesus it's the same sign Ortiz's Android
wrote on the shower wall yeah
why are they obsessed with this side cuz
it's a bug in their software
I think mazes or something mazes
yeah no I know what this means
obsessive compulsive writing so is that
robot here then or reconstruct okay what
happened oh he was writing stuff on the
walls he was recently here but then he
fell off the store and then what did he
do we can her eyes he will he ran to the
living room and then what okay we can
reconstruct this - then tell us that he
knocked over the birdcage maybe oh ok
the birdcage was hanging and then he ran
towards the entrance handy with this
stall he heard us enter and then he ran
to here and then went here and then
jumped up the suspect still he's on the
roof
oh my god guys he's armed he's up there
yeah he's up there he's up there exposed
to subjects
okay let's go oh no oh no oh my god get
him get him
Jason why do I have to do all the
running okay come on plus a check go
straight to just dog when I look at
those parkour skills glad yes boss fruit
oh no thanks
yeah Kona let's go let's go let's go
let's go oh man I've been missing a
Jason alright the game hasn't had for
one tasty I bought from last episode
where we were chasing a car up but come
on it's awesome scan would you mean
safer due to balance or false but risky
let's go fast but risky here we go baby
risky
oh no stopping by if I found
direct but crowded or say but now we're
gonna go direct move away pull it away
by Detroit business oh cool
careful Oh Papa to my bail or anything
happened alright Jesus Christ oh okay
well III wanna see if any would happen
and I was like I think what happened but
apparently Connor died chasing Rupa okay
there were two more endings alright
we'll go find that other ending so I'm
guessing this investigate the apartment
this is if you didn't find all the clues
to find Rupert
okay that's his name so yeah so I'm not
gonna do that because that's pointless
where I just didn't find him but
apparently there's two more endings
let's quickly see what that is make the
jump in the job oh okay I made it go go
go go go go go quickly quickly picking
this guy's go get in a way okay this
guy's not going away
oh no oh no what's happened okay it's
fine I could go around what is this
place it's like a flirtation or
something right go go go go go go stand
direct what slow saber boss okay we're
gonna go fast we're gonna go fast we
can't lose this guy we cannot lose this
guy
go go go go go excellent go jump
triangle see that mercy there is go easy
Oh we're sliding down Oh No
Oh No you're gonna dive in okay oh my
god no no all right Jesus Christ sorry
how many times couldn't do an akuna dog
in this level I just got run over
okay okay well that was the same same
ending okay sorry about that guys hey
don't fall all right and then if you
recall were on the train now oh my
goodness is insane
Go Go Go keep chasing him go next okay I
didn't miss it
triangle oh this guy wants so much
how long is is JC how am I gonna miss it
be careful I'm sorry but I'm I'm a
policeman I gotta catch it go
go go go go go go come on
direct but safe okay we go direct okay
we're gonna just be the fastest option I
don't wanna lose if we don't wanna lose
it right
oh no help
where are we going well we going to give
me the option to save him or chase him
oh my god I don't know what to do okay
we'll save Hank
after we chase it okay I'm sorry Hank
but you can save yourself okay Bridget I
can't dive okay just let just let it be
all right what's more important is
catching this guy now see that's
impactors and dying oh god no please
just just nothing just give yourself up
I just wanted to be free you know what
they'll do to me if you turn me in
oh yeah model eight seven four zero zero
four nine six one serious malfunctions
have been detected in your software
including class four errors
Oh No you've been deemed defective will
be sent back to cyber life to deactivate
their hands alive okay Oh
bastard you saw it was gonna fall you'd
rather let me die than failure mission I
had to make a choice it seemed to meet
with that mighty you statistic a 0 a 1
in your program huh oh so now you see
humans you bastard
oh no oh he's mad
all right you've one of us shut up whoa
helping humans you're just there slave
please come along
okay so we called it
so we dice troy's
I just want to see what happen I had
said don't be mad
Oh that ending sucks I don't want that
ending I'm not doing that ending Rupa
not only got away but he committed
suicide and Hank is mad because I left
him okay so yeah I don't want that
ending I don't think anyone wants that
ending I want the ending where I save
Hank and then this guy will get away
I mean he'll get away but at least he
won't commit suicide so let's do that
quickly oh no sorry
okay okay no I I didn't want to say Mike
initially so I just want to see what
happens okay but good all right let's
just say all right that's what I wanted
to do anyway it's my fault I should have
been faster oh I did a car that if it
works for me oh that's all right
see Hank likes me not know it looks like
we'll find it
exactly we'll find it we'll know what it
looks like it's not important I don't
want Hank to be mad at me hey Gunnar oh
thanks thanks nothing oh you piece of
shit behind okay just give me thanks
okay
I saved a good damn life I wish I wish
you died okay all right as long as hang
likes me all right Hank house is a tough
shell to break okay but yeah I like that
I wanted that ending anyway I don't want
Rupert to commit suicide does that feel
I feel like we're gonna miss out on
something if we do that and I definitely
don't want to die so I'm gonna go with
this ending okay you guys don't need to
bow on that oh we're going back to
Marcus we're gonna find out what the
shit Jericho is finally
so many Ounces are gonna be so many
questions to be answered who are you in
this episode who these are all you to
psyche you my name is Josh John Simon so
nice North I can't remember the shit
what the hell do I say let's just say
Jericho this is Jericho this is Jarrett
huge for those who don't want to be
slaves anymore whoa okay so we now know
what Jericho is I thought it would be
that free and hiding just to stay alive
that's freedom to you humans hate us is
the only way we can survive there is no
safe place for those like us we're gonna
fight if humans knew we were here they'd
kill us whoa these are some small a
Detroit it's okay
let's go with refuge on understand I
thought Jericho was a place where
androids lived in freedom we do live in
freedom it may not be what you hoped for
but here we have no master yeah we don't
throw it to anybody but we need to find
I understand how you feel we have more
free right here than you ever did oh
goodness waiting in the dark for
something to happen that's not how I see
freedom yeah you're lost see Marcus was
half just like the rest of us we didn't
ask for this all we can do now is deal
with it deal with it
man everyone has their own stories
including long as us as long as you want
I guess we got no choice mark what
smokers gonna do you haven't seen this
he's been costed out she may be able to
help you oh okay Lucy y'all hello baby
girl
hey Oh hope we uh do a bit of romancing
okay there hasn't been any romantic
interest in this game which is very
unlike Quantic Dream okay so I bet we
can get with one of these robots head
back so yet should we just talk with
some of the androids Oh God look at this
guy's broken over here let's talk to him
Oh God look at him not me there you
could shake that Mike oh oh we can fix
in morning diagnostic program isn't
working Oh have anything good to say
anyway what happened here what happened
be tied me to the backup if they wanted
to have fun
I don't want to shut down Jesus
okay well yeah that's so mean you would
do that to a person with you but like
damn people are mean whoo okay we can't
open this girl oh okay this crazy bitch
around the fire hello oh god she's
missing her head is she are you Lucy
that's Lucy oh my god sit down she's
kind of scary uh okay
don't sit down be careful this guy was
just missing the back of the head is she
like the leader show me show me show me
what
whoa is it the painting Oh Oh what am i
showing up I stop the bleeding whoa what
you gonna do would that be very hot who
could use their hand or just holding it
is this gonna hurt no Marcus is like
yeah continue while this binding thing
is on his skin that's so funny you
change this what is that that more blood
that cyber life blue blood right is that
how it works with androids just drink
blood and then you're good to go
I'm guessing so well I want to drink
bottoms up okay have a drink there we go
all right Oh was it blue blood okay I
think it was
oh why is she looking up why is it
giving me your hand okay
this is kind of freaking me out what's
up with this girl oh we're gonna connect
uh-oh
she's gonna see if she's gonna see my
paws I think nobody always you had it
all
you had it oh I did happen you lasted on
and that laughs at all you've seen hell
and now who lives in you all your heart
is troubled a part of shadow and a part
of light
which will prevail which your choices
will shape our destiny
oh bit of pressure okay another line
down I think Marcus is like going to
lead these androids to a revolution okay
I remember seeing like very early
gameplay of this game and I think that's
what Marcus his character was all right
let's talk to all the other characters
let's talk this one humans are afraid of
dying too
Oh No
do you know what happens after death no
no I don't know I don't
well I'm about to find out what what
what you're gonna find out miss Cheney
right
okay okay focus yeah hello nice to me
don't die please
you wants a hug
oh he wants to connect with me you're
gonna show me some things catch me
Marcus don't die don't die tell me your
man you dumb kid he's not in front of me
I was the last person to mean everybody
just died holy shit now I regret coming
over to talk to him because maybe you
wouldn't have done it
Jesus okay well then I just killed the
man anyway let's say let's talk to
someone else what's happening here oh
it's a little boy is that a human or an
Android he's breathing it's a it's a
human they threw him out when the end
won him anymore
oh he was living on the streets before
we brought him here they'll all shut
down if we don't find a way to help them
to help them we need blue blood and bio
components we salvage what we can from
those who shut down but there's never
enough so like how do they survive
that's human
they won't we're slowly dying out oh but
then we need to change that if this is
actually a place of a freedom you need
to change it I mean we need to go out
and fight for our freedom oh man this is
what the story's about
okay there's so many people to talk to
we're about this girl all right this
girl was given me the sexy sexy eyes Oh
north hello North time here Jericho
how long have you been here four weeks 3
days 11 hours which is counting because
you escaped there is nowhere else to go
I want to know how it seemed as good a
place as any
how does it even find out about Jericho
who found this place yeah nobody knows
anymore
wall whoever he was his body's private
laying somewhere on this boat whoa
that's mad a lot of these guys in pretty
bad shape that's how the humans treat
those who disobey Assad they despise us
oh never accept what we are I think
we'll ever get to a point where robots
are this advanced you came here for
comfort you came to the wrong place no I
did not come to comfort I came in to
fight fight for our goddamn freedom okay
oh okay that was enough talking okay I
dive you talked about more anyway what
the hell am i doing here don't don't
these sad people and they're sad our
story's great already emptied I was it's
full of robot parts oh it is damn we
need to get some more cyber life parts
then right in order to help our robot
friends okay
oh we know the address are we gonna go
over then try and steal some parts I'll
claim route we are we're already doing
in our mind all right
propose a plan - Simon okay let's do
that here we go sorry Simon
you piece of shit we're gonna go still I
know where we can find spare parts yeah
cyber life warehouse is in Detroit
Harbor they have everything we need
we're docks are guarded you can't just
walk in there and take what we want
yes we can you let us which is why we
won't ask permission yeah I don't have
any weapons and even if you did none of
us knows how to fight we can steal all
we need without fighting
yeah we just get ourselves killed maybe
but it's better than waiting here to be
shut down wrong with you
yeah gone north maybe it's worth to try
yeah so I meant what's been me to we're
gonna fight for our freedom he's that
come on man I'm not sure about this I'm
n-not but I mean okay I wasn't sure
about it but I got a guy kid over here
and I mean okay all right so cool all
right so wait I'm apparently missed one
person which I didn't talk to but yeah
that wasn't mobile endings let's just
continue all right November 6th 20
Hey Oh we're going back to call Ryan
Alice all right what's gonna happen to
them now Oh are they going to come to
Jericho - okay
but some help here if you guys remember
that god yeah the garbage man didn't
tell us to go to Jericho he tells to go
to some random house in that vision if
you remember since the second episode by
episode
okay so uh yeah this is the place huh
yeah what is this place
I have no idea this is this scare that
it scared so much all right it's okay
little Alice we're gonna go what
everything's gonna be fine okay
hello ring again
don't kill me whoever this is I'm scared
oh my god is that cut who's asking
always told you could help us I don't
know who told you that you came to the
wrong place
sorry wait we really need your help
who is this guy
come in why do they say you couldn't
help us you know what this remission
that you know what this this this whole
environment reminds me of of of the
heavy rain where you go to that creepy
guys have come on don't be shy
yeah this reminds me of that in heavy
rain there was a mission where a drug
dealer invites you to his house and then
he drugs you and then tries to you know
kill you would you be so kind as to take
these ladies coat down Android up don't
be afraid of always look up if there is
just another Android that I helped he
keeps me company in this big empty old
house okay alright yeah I hope these
guys are friendly
I mean Luther looks kind of sad look at
him please he looks sad I came home you
need to be looking at every single
detail and noticing these things that
Android doesn't look like a happy one oh
look how did you hear about me and it's
pour me a drink this is Seoul tree he
saw could help us okay he's not cuz I
don't drink obviously I'm nandroid I see
oh god what's it gonna do to me Oh
Delian huh
without her
what about hugs human
and you want to find a safe place yeah
I'm tell her you can start a new life I
guess I hear Canada it's very lovely at
this time of year beautiful landscapes
open spaces clean air okay and no
android' laws Oh
great place for a fresh shave exactly
it's exactly like instanced like the
slave trade thanks a lot
no course okay I trust this guy I don't
trust the first we have to get rid of
your tracker the tracker yeah all
androids are fitted with a tracking
device to locate them at all times no
they're not I'll remove yours and then
that's what we say true though come on
follow me that's not true because we
would that would have come up in Connors
I don't trust God and we personally
don't trust anything this guy's saying
all right yeah wouldn't kind of use that
tracker swing his and we may need is in
the basement if the UH and it's in the
basement - okay if you want if you how
many how many red sit read sing signals
do you need okay we're going to this
creepy guy's basement with he's got a
big ass let's go let's be careful I know
I know when a game is trying to push me
into a corner okay I'm not stupid
I played enough of of these games to
know what's gonna happen right now Alice
I think we should go I think we should
go
Oh No oh excuse the mess oh I needed
somewhere to scrape from my machines
system moving trackers is illegal so I
opted for discretion over comfort
reassured I hoped a little oh this is
too scared no no she'll be all right
that's good what is that oh what a place
to hide okay come on now
look at this big-ass Android right
behind me okay I don't trust it how much
do anything with this Android here Oh
guys come on now look Alice doesn't want
to go in look at her
this is bad this is bad is bad but this
looks so dangerous this looks not good
if you can have a stand over there oh no
I should be doing this okay let's give
him the benefit the doubt maybe he could
be trusted
all right but I have a bad feeling about
this I'm with Alice on this one I shall
warn you oh this could be quite
unpleasant
Oh No Oh God
Oh God careful Cara just walk through
this guy's trap look I don't even see
blue palace you okay
you're not much strange what for some
unknown reason
but the trackers seem to stop working in
deviance that's why it's so hard to find
them so actually there's no reason to
remove your tracker people believe what
they want you piece of shit you please
stop are so naive no they all come to me
expecting me to help them oh no I just
reset them no before I keep them for my
little experiments lock it up
I'll deal with it later I can't up you
wouldn't sell of the parts bohemian that
wants to be a mother that's your mother
that was so sweet
you are so deluded oh my goodness
boys I think it's time we put you out of
your misery
No am i actually being reset oh no oh no
what could I do I let you have to do
something
leuthar come on Luther was we sad for
having a dream it always ends up the
same way a solution no believe me you're
better off being raised and feeling
nothing no more pain hopes dashed almost
a me you memory corrosion detect this
like mommy doesn't remember you at all
huh look like mommy's completely
forgotten you mean living room what the
hell he's gonna help me what you mean
maybe the living room what you mean I'm
gonna be reset you dog shit at me is he
on my side a lot I think he might be on
my side find a way to escape how tied up
with this shit do I do
cause a short circuit how am i goes for
Thomas to throw something on that what
the hell am I supposed to do guys I'm
panicking I'm panicking what do i do
what do i do what do I do
push okay
and then and then now on how that do
what the sitting at these guys
oh no 63% what do i do no no no push it
oh no no no do you think I could die
here I bet you I could die there oh my
god three sad what happens now
meet Luther in the living room a my
recent guys I think I'm reset it's not
an Android my memories being recovered
whoa M hashtag hashtag hat and three
stop by oh my goodness guys this is how
stars help us
the hell's this
unlock something he erased her memory no
this can't be happening
remember receipt for us for Alice's safe
places
what creating monsters for his amusement
what oh my god he did to us
this guy's crazy
whoa that's the little one full-time
oh my word week on Dallas die this guy's
crazy I knew he was the second I saw him
I knew he was very crazy even though I
failed that that finding out had to
escape I can write I can I can save the
day I can still save the day all I've
got to do is just remember Oh God look
at this robot with no arms who is it's
kind of freaking me out okay I've got to
remember certain things how am I gonna
remember anything
I'm so confused on what to do okay
alright just stay calm we're gonna we're
gonna we're gonna be fine all right
we're gonna be fine I know there must be
multiple endings to this level and don't
worry I'm gonna check them all out and
we'll figure out which one is the best
one ah come on Alice you got a oh she
remember looking at ourselves come on
Alice you can remember you must remember
for the sake of the little one come on
Alice okay look we need to go to the
living room then we need to go to the
living room Astor's dinner's ready
oh no God stop I gotta take him his
dinner
oh no oh here we go come on Alice
recover your memory on remember she's
remembering by looking at the little
clues around the house her memories
slowly coming back guys what is this Oh
as he says just set it down on the table
over there oh my goodness he's just look
at him what's he doing to his Android
he's oh he's working on it Oh No okay
we'll put it down what kind of dinner is
this just a bunch of cookies and stuff
around that carcass take it next door
oh okay
memories can you know what I said yes oh
my goodness okay food brought bring
bring the carcass next door okay is this
the life No Oh Luther all right
yes Michael I should be done here in 10
minutes or so wall understood sir have a
look at the little one little one in ten
minutes ten minutes
oh I have ten minutes to save a little
god oh my goodness okay put this down do
you see that Andrew just crawling Oh
what do I do
who is the little girl alice is the
chorus even no because you can't
remember are a nine come on that's got
to trigger some memory with Ralph that's
got a trigger Ralph's memory yeah come
on yeah girl you got it Alice I mean
Cara
Jimmy names guys I can't remember can't
focus my name is car plus no car rally
should we go approach what is that whoa
yeah I'm good over this gage and let
this end
oh oh oh okay you're good free you're
free oh okay they don't wanna doesn't I
want to be free he just wants to stay in
his cage because that's what he's been
programmed to do
okay Wow so I set the bear free and it
unlocks something am I gonna get an
ending where the bear will eat the guy
if so that would be hilarious okay
observe this what's this oh the drugs
the red ice oh my god this guy's on
drugs too white everyone on this red
lights drugs my name is Cara she
remembers her name's Alice it's all
coming back she remembers find Alice oh
god we've gotta find our in sneak mode
okay I think Cara has remembered
everything what are you doing here what
the hell's this as the master authorized
you to be here you must always a veil
enough
oh he wouldn't do that
I wouldn't I wouldn't do it oh god oh
god oh god oh god what do I do what I do
yeah of course
oh yeah I didn't want to kill him okay
let's continue keep looking guys I'm so
worried what the hell where's Alice
where is she oh this is it
I found our Alice I remember I remember
her how could I forget about you Paul
Alice oh you never should oh she was
right we have to go okay follow me and
don't need any of this okay we're gonna
we're gonna we're gonna escape
stealthily oh okay I thought the hope I
thought they were coming through the
door but it was asking okay okay so
we're gonna stealthily make our way past
but wait we're about Luther Oh God
Oh No what do i do yes
I'm finished here he's finished it's a
little know right away sir
what would you okay we can't go do that
we're gonna have to go to dinner come on
come on come on come on come on oh we're
gonna hide we gotta hide we've got a
hide look at a height we're gonna hide
guys there's so many endings in this
level I already can tell okay okay game
I'm a just I'm just gonna do I'm just
gonna do one is gone oh I can't just
disappear oh no what are you waiting for
oh god do we wait here guys what do we
go careful careful coming okay he's
coming
go-go-go Luther Go Go Go Go Go okay
Luther's gone all right should we go
should we shoot shoot stop hiding he's
just hiding
oh come on this guy's so big how much is
the fight it Oh No okay okay I smashed
up guys I messed up
Oh God bedroom
just just to stay calm okay I think we
can still make it out guys I think there
was anything I thought was gone oh no oh
no we're cornered we're cornered oh come
on you're an Android you meant to be
helping us oh no go oh no no no
oh my god oh my god guys I can't bear
any these QuickTime events
I can't the front door the front door
the front door oh god please no oh no
lose this so small such a dumb shit hey
Kour
come on Luther you meant to be helping
us oh I escaped I escaped you the back
garden oh no oh no did I lose why'd you
dreams always end in tears no listen to
me no what are you doing get out of my
way no Lucas helping me not this time
not this time get out of my way all
right you should
oh it's on the two-piece tonight I let
free
oh who let you I can't wait oh yeah
that's fine
mine because I love the robots that
happened but if I didn't lay out the
robots
maybe Luther would have shot him that's
what I'm thinking Luther you're such a
cool dude I knew you were cool is he
gonna come with us now he wants to be
free too
man in what hurt you Wow the program
meet will be him whoa when I saw the
little one
Miska life to save you whoa it was like
opening my eyes for the first time
finally I could see finally
I know you have no reason to trust me
after what I did
jeez I trust them but I know someone who
could help you across the border we're
actually going to Canada
we're actually going to Canada I could
take you
that's funny Wow okay yeah do it do I
get a choice all right all right nada
but yeah I think you should come with us
he just yeah I like him I like he saved
us
I truck I mean like yeah he's a robot I
mean like he's not like a human you know
I trust him
that's so cute Sabri just these just
dead on the floor man I knew this
mission was I knew this mission was a
bad idea
this Zach ko guy was not to be trusted
all right so how am I gonna look at the
flowchart guys look at this dumb ass
shit
Luther joins Cora and Alice okay so the
monsters ambush luck ko or I'm guessing
slack ko could shoot I mean like Luther
could shoot slap ko okay so before I got
into all these endings with a looks like
there's two endings here it looks like I
missed a bunch of stuff here I knew I
memory was recovered so I'm guessing
that if I
oh look here we go Cora is reset so I
could have escaped there and all it
would have done is just skipped all of
this stuff which I which I which I could
have done also okay so yeah so yeah I'm
gonna do all the endings I think this is
gonna be the last mission that I'm gonna
do but yeah I let's first quickly see
what happens when slotko I mean Luther
kills let go I said get out of my way oh
hush right okay grab the gun Oh baby you
can actually shoot
now I made you know do you obey me oh
I'm your master you sure got them
sees us
so yeah
coulda shot him if I didn't let out
those those zombie zombie robots damn
I'm guess he's gonna say the same thing
yeah I think it's the same thing now
Jesus Christ okay so wait the best there
was the bed and died that time okay so
yeah the ending was pretty much the same
except you know I shot him right at the
end okay so there is multiple multiple
multiple endings to this we're going to
do the ending where Cora dies okay so
I'm just gonna go into this big room and
I'm not gonna hide and I'm just gonna
let the QuickTime events do their thing
oh here we go oh no okay
this guys coming Luthor's coming all
right I'm gonna fail Oh God
and then I'm gonna fail again Oh God oh
no poor Cara okay and then go to the
bedroom and am I gonna die here okay
oh no main corners now walk he grabs me
close me I'm still going okay my
goodness is it I'm dead I'm dead now I'm
so dead now
okay wow she got shotgunned
it got killed in the bathroom and
there's one more where I can go and get
killed somewhere else okay oh god here
we go
yeah she can't escape oh my god
guys he's gonna shoot me again no no no
oh what a sucky ending I wonder what
happens to Alice if I if you actually
use that ending okay so I did the exact
same thing except now there's also
killed Cora in this storage room okay so
those are the main endings now if we go
all the way back we have two more ending
wait what is this okay we have a lot of
endings and should be done here in 10
minutes or so and have a look at the
little one see what I can do with them
understood slacker I'll bring you the
little one in ten minutes okay so he
says I'm gonna bring the little one in
ten minutes oh that starts a ten minute
timer so the only one to do now is we're
gonna just wait the 10 minutes and see
what happens after 10 minutes okay
all right 4 seconds left all right we're
gonna see what happens when Cora fails
Cara doesn't remember who she is there's
a little ones that Oh what's gonna
happen to all right and see what we can
do with you oh come on we didn't even
know what the hell they're gonna do to
our on this side I'm disappointing I
waited 10 minutes to do that
okay so yeah Karim remained reset was
that one all right guys we'll do our
last ending now all right where we
escaped but like if you escaped you have
to then sneak out of the building but
you end up being caught anyway so it's
not really an ending so let's first
escape okay we're gonna push over this
thing first okay and that's gonna push
up this lamp and then we're meant to
look up onto the green cable and click
the green cable right come on Cara grab
it grab it
come on r1 grab and then yank it yank it
all right and that knocked over the
bottle of Woodstock and that's gonna go
that's gonna leak and then go an
electricity is that gonna melt busting
it oh it is it's a malfunction and then
now we can leverage yourself and escape
come on come on oh here we go
yeah come on
okay so now Cara wasn't receptor she
remembers her memories okay so yeah like
I said that you can like sneakily find
Alice and then heart and hide so they
don't find you and then you can go
downstairs but then when you're
downstairs they'll catch up to you and
find you anyway so there's no point in
hiding because like yeah all the end the
endings will be exactly the same so the
ending that we're gonna do now is Cora
has her memory but we still run out of
time so let's see what happens now that
we remember oh okay
so this is grown-up okay so they're
gonna be in done in ten minutes
so we can sneak and find Alice but we're
good just gonna run out of time okay and
we're just gonna wait yeah ten minutes
started okay so we're just gonna wait
till ten minutes and see what happens
all right five seconds left let's see
what happens Oh God Sakura knows this
metal uvula oh no no find that mistake
oh no he just shoots me then there's a
little one cycle Oh No let's see what we
can do with you
so that was the other ending yes oh I
could have taken Alice and I could have
just snuck her out like the other ending
so nothing really changed like it like
it like the endings would have been the
same way okay yeah I got the ending wait
where is the ending yeah here it is
Luther brought allister's slotko so yet
those are the these are the three main
endings and this is if quorum remained
at Mercer and this is if you know we
fail that and yet those are all the
endings okay guys I'm gonna end the
video there I'm gonna upload the next
episode tomorrow if and only if this
video reaches 30,000 likes thank you
guys for doing it every single day like
it's just motivating me to keep working
and keep trying to make these videos the
best that they can be and up as soon as
I can but yeah thank you guys so much
watching I'm so excited to see where the
story is gonna take us tomorrow thank
you guys so much for watching I said
that bye bye
