hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is master selfie today we are back with
Detroit become human that's right guys
Detroit become human has finally
released and I am so excited to do a
let's play I haven't done a let's play
in like a year
ok but this game means so much to me
alright I love the developers ok I love
their previous games heavy rain and
beyond two souls I made amazing amazing
series on that I am so excited for this
game if you haven't watched episode 1
already by the way because this is
episode 2 ok it's because I've already
played the demo which was episode 1 ok
which was the beginning of the game ok
go watch that video before you watch
this one but yeah let's just drop
straight into it I am so excited
alright November 5th 20:38 in the future
ok so we have done the first mission
with the little girl
alright I chose to save her alright
because I did all the endings alright
but yeah I think now we're gonna meet
the second character which is car right
ok alright so I think I'm playing as car
or right now and I'm a robot and a shot
okay oh my goodness alright so I'm
playing as an Android alright I'm
looking around I think I'm being sold
right now look on the shelves robots
I mean androids I just think sold uh-oh
look at that guy in the back I think
he's gonna come by me he's gonna buy me
like like I bought some slave oh here he
comes
alright he's gonna he's gonna come by me
this disgusting mats gonna come by these
there's a bit difficult getting it back
and work in order
it was really messed up what you say
happened to it again
a car hit what stupid accident huh
see anyway it's as good as new now
except that we had to reset it meaning
we had to wipe its memory hope you don't
mind it would be fine oh okay
did you give it a name my daughter did
oh hey over a hundred register your name
uh Cara oh my goodness name is Cara oh
that's cool
okay so that guy used to own me and then
I got damaged and then I got repaired
but my memory was wiped holy shit okay
so Cara is going back home with this
disgusting man okay I don't trust it or
I look at it alright what is he gonna
bleed good to Cara
man I am so okay guys I have been so
excited for this game alright this game
means a lot to me alright I'm not just
playing this alright as a fan this game
I love I I know I'm gonna love this game
alright now this game has multiple
choices multiple endings alright another
thing that I love about these games is
like I love finding every ending and
every possibility okay so I'm not sure
how much I'm gonna do over let's play
but more of like a analysis like trying
to do every single possibility it
depends alright but yeah it takes place
in Detroit
alright the beautiful place of Detroit
but in the future
of 2030 eh oh this game looks so
beautiful oh look at it I'm so excited
guys all right now you guys have been
asking for this for so long
all right I'll even I really hope this
series does well all right but honestly
I don't care
well there's a whole bowl I lost my job
because of androids damn how sad yeah
I'm just gonna do it I'm gonna do for
let's play all right
leave a like right now all right I want
this series to do amazing all right if
this video reaches 20,000 likes all
right I'm gonna upload the next episode
tomorrow okay
ah David cage the legend that is David
cage okay okay let's start what's gonna
happen now I'm so excited okay so we met
Korra and we've met Connor now I think
now we're gonna meet the third character
you play as three characters in this
game just like heavy rain okay oh all
right I'm in a park I forgot what this
guy's name is Oh
the robot is friends with a little gold
alright oh okay yes I think that's
enough oh here
let me help you okay so robots are like
here to help people like this like this
old man bought this robot okay and now
you know the robots helping them you
know go home now move out the way you
old man Crais gotta cross the road oh I
gotta wait for green light I can't go
because I'm a robot and I'm programmed
okay green light we can cross the road
now wait isn't that old man the guy that
we just saw okay so right now we have a
task to retrieve a certain order at a
shots guys over here send hot dogs hey
move it my customers this guy's playing
at all hey robot version change that's
off your bloody homeless man okay this
robot stuff to do there's a guy bloody
giving a speech why do you look at me so
demon huh I know I can see through you
through me you are the one by whom the
evil will come what you are the one who
will destroy Detroit oh my goodness how
dare you say that okay yeah okay there
is a lot of dividing all right between
robots and you know people
all right so Bellini paints all right
this is the shot that we need to go to
okay enter the shop open all right
oh I'm loving this game guys all right
Kinect Oh in identification verified it
works - I am and then it knows my order
because of it oh here is your order
number eight four seven jeez okay thank
you $63.99 69 shitty paint please
confirm paint please confirm payment how
did that move you pay with you with just
a robot just sending the payment
depending confirmed that's so cool
action complete it's so cool
okay well I'll pay for it with using my
okay we'll see you later okay I forgot
what this guy's name is Oh tell me in a
second and that's it
but uh yeah okay so we've got the thing
I'm guessing where my owner sent me to
the shop to pick up an order for him all
right cuz robots could do anything let's
be honest okay so picked out the package
now we've got to go home oh my goodness
okay there's guys protesting about
Androids should I approach them oh
what's going to Ken Who am I going I
just got to go home
oh hey guys check it out we got all
those tin cans here no no they're gonna
steal our jobs but you can't even stand
up a robot like that even if this is a
robot waste it do it no no don't do it
don't do it oh hey Oh the police it's
not yeah yesterday alone
damaged it I'm gonna have to find you
find you my goodness it's not even a
line that your job next
let's go kay people are so separate okay
damn me people all right I mean I get it
I'm not real I'm a robot but come on now
all right so we go to take the bus stop
so let's just wait for the bus okay
let's just go home back to my owner okay
don't go outside cuz people will just
push you on the street all right here
comes my bus just get on the bus okay
now I believe oh oh I've got a separate
area androids have to take the back of
the bus
Android compartment
so yeah I know a lot about this game and
the reason why they picked Detroit is
because Detroit's always had like that
segregation between you know black
people and white people you know Martin
Luther King stuff like that you know
yeah lots of divide between like the
rights of black people rights you know
so in the future it kind of you know has
the sort of same symbolism you know but
because you know androids feel like they
deserve the same rights anyway so here's
all the cool flowcharts I try I'm trying
to do as much as I can I don't know much
of the game I missed this thing but I I
think this is just reading dumb like
collectibles which no one gives a shit
about that I can't even read alright now
we're going back to Korra all right damn
and now I anyone has seen the trailer
alright this dad is evil okay now we
heard in the shop if you were hearing
properly that he actually broke his
previous android and had to get her
repaired in the shop but her memory was
wiped so he bought this Android before
broke her and now she's coming back
fixed but she don't she doesn't know why
she was broken I think this guy you know
destroyed her out of anger but look at
this shitty ass neighborhood okay I
don't trust this guy look at it first
off look at this shitty house alright
I'm guessing I'm like a servant
to this man man cut you ring off for two
weeks so the place is a mess
look at this I'm a slave you do the
housework the washing you cook the meals
I'll take care of that's Alice you look
after her look at her look at that mean
bath all that crap got it
okay got it get started down here then
you do upstairs man I can't go clean
this shitty guy's house unless you okay
man me and Alice must have been friends
before my memory got wiped right okay I
have to scan the environment I look at
all these tasks I'll do I'll click the
trash collect the dishes
put the trash in the trash can oh sure
I'm gonna play this game to do bloody
chores okay all this disgust he's got
beers got pizza boxes this guy lives
like a bloody piggy okay I don't trust
this guy
okay I can already tell look at him okay
this is a guy that you do not trust all
right so I've collected all the trash
there we go
do I take out the trash in the front
yeah of course I do all right come on
ask outside take out the trash okay
doing this dumbass chores this isn't
game play and put the trash in the trash
can
okay Cara I think you should just run
away from home okay
is there a button which I could just run
away wait what's just go doing what
school is she hiding under the table
guys I I feel like something's up with
this girl I don't see a mum anywhere so
do you think you know the mum is not
here she died or something or maybe she
left I don't know anyway let's clean up
this shitty ass table Oh what's she
doing drugs hmm he's smoking what the
shit
this is smoking crack I think he's doing
drugs discuss a headache please he's
doing drugs in he has a daughter okay
okay let's just pretend I didn't see it
okay I'm just a robot okay let's just do
the dishes okay the dishwasher scanner
oh it's not working okay because it's
missing a component so the robot can
just order it through his if rhubarb
right okay man we're having a game I'm
not gonna lie having a robot around the
house would be pretty cool okay I don't
like washing the dishes all right so I'm
sorry if I owned a car but I'll probably
make you do the dishes I have to press
the touchpad to wash the dishes
okay all right all right here we go oh
this comes looking at me look at that
why should look at me
hello Alice my they went up the relation
maybe that's my relationship with Alice
has gone up Oh Clara so cute
she's so cute okay oh I thought okay
Cora I'm not okay I'm you guys probably
don't remember but I remember I reacted
to the car animation about a robot a
robot lady car yes bring me a cold beer
faintly bring you a cold beer okay all
right I'm just a bloody slave I just got
to do what this guy wants all right I'll
bring you a stupid cold beer Todd you
are Sol okay I don't like him okay I
hope I kill him at some point is your
shitty-ass beer you piece of shit oh man
he's doing drugs turn on the vacuum
cleaner oh that's so cute okay well the
vacuum billions on all right now I gotta
just check the backyard Alice oh you
better stop that right now
Oh what's all this doing pushing me guys
I do not trust this guy's a father this
guy does not know how a good father all
right let's go outside see if there's
any work to be done on the outside
stupid awesome they can be do shit to
take down laundry okay and then we take
down the clothes there we go okay doing
these chores okay bit of a chill vibe
all right I think this is like a
tutorial kind of kind of thing
but we're learning a little bit more
about everything this girl's a bit
freaky what she's just come outside she
hasn't said a word to me
well we're friends before I got broken I
can kneel okay
I can talk to her is she gonna talk back
to me though that's the question game
backyard weather let's play game she is
let's play game
yeah would you like to play game oh
she's going up okay um
backyard you like playing out here yeah
okay I'm being warmed to her okay so I
think I picked the right choices
alright my relationship was going up
with her but she seems like a very sad
child all right we got a reef wash the
laundry because you know it was raining
and you know my clothes were outside all
right you guys probably wouldn't
understand because you've never done
laundry in your life you dumbass kids
anyway let's put the launcher back in
the washing machine okay and put it down
there we go but yeah Alice I feel like
I've watched the trailer so I know
something's up with Alice Alice okay so
we need the washing up powder okay put
it in what is that is that that's the
drugs that's the drugs he was smoking is
it drugs
Scott I can scan it I can scan it red
ice
it's hydrochloric acid you shouldn't
mess around with my stuff it's me
nervous
I'm sorry darling you stayed out of my
business
unless you want to piss me off shit
okay I'm a hundred percent sure he broke
me last time look at this girl even so
oh my goodness this robot has to work
for this man who's a bloody crazy ass
who's probably beat up before he killed
his own wife I bet alright damn I've
done all this bloody shitty tasks now
can I go okay I finished the first floor
I've made a good start down here stairs
do what you have to do but stop
bothering me oh my goodness this guy's
on bloody drugs ok I'm so scared right
now look you can see the drugs in the
air ok let's just clean the second floor
guys I don't want to be anywhere near
this guy ok look a car it's got a such a
big smaller face even though this guy's
pretty crazy local I couldn't look at
the bills mmm credit card application
rejected oh my goodness look guys this
guy is is outstanding on his bills he's
in debt too and he has to look after
this girl and he's taking drugs this guy
is not a cool guy huh all right let's
just clean the upstairs ok guys all
right I'm kind of freaked out
ok I just I just want to be away from
this guy I'm just gonna do my job as a
little cute little robot ok let's tidy
as guitar Pickers guitar up put it over
the side Wow how does it just do that
yourself I've got to make his shitty ass
bed now and now shit
I'm doing the stupid tasks I gotta take
these pills what pills medication
antidepressants he's taking
antidepressants there's a gun ok I've
unlocked that that means I've unlocked a
possibility in the future look Oh guys I
think there's an option where I can use
that gun later on maybe on Todd alright
we clean the mess alright we've done his
room now we've got to tidy Alice
/ GG awesome oh my goodness this guy
clean the bathroom oh no he just did the
fat shit I'm not gonna clean that shit
up the floor now for this stupid guy
which I don't even like come on Korra
just pick up the gun and shoot
it's bloody asshole can I go into
Alice's room oh I can Alice oh my god
you just want to tidy up your room and
it's the scheduled three in two minutes
is that okay Alice why is Alice scared
of me oh my goodness what was she
looking at Alice in Wonderland Alice in
Wonderland oh I've read that Bullis okay
Alice likes me alright I need to be on
as his good side guys because all right
I like Alice alright but I do not like
her father all right let's make a bad
come on how nice how how is it to make
your shitty oz bed okay I mean I like
you in everything all right bye glad to
clean your shitty room as well having a
robot around the house to do all your
chores is probably not good to you know
make it a kid learn how to clean up
after themselves anyway oh okay I open
the window and I can now use that as an
option okay going outside maybe through
the window all right let's talk to Alice
Alice okay friendly factual friendly I'm
sure we used to be friends before I was
yeah maybe we can be friends again come
on now let's just be friends
seems quiet my name's Cara uh interests
you should tell me about yourself yeah
you like to do where you like to go your
favorite foods yeah that would really
help me come on Alice tell me I want to
ask our mother because she seems sounds
like she ran away or she's dead you're
very quiet yeah I hope I don't scare you
yeah oh my god named Cara your father
said you chose my name okay Cara oh did
he choose it yeah how did you choose it
hey go Alice you're stupid
I listen she trusts me and app offers
unlock because of it what the hell okay
guys I think I unlocked something good
because Alice now trust me she gave me a
key as well
well what key key to what well what does
this key do okay
Oh does this keep going this box maybe
it does okay why did she give me the key
guys I'm scared I'm kind of scared to
open this box I'm not gonna lie
uh hello open the box
ah we're gonna find out what happened to
a mother four-leaf clover that's good
luck like that it's four leaf clover if
you ever find one of those keep on to it
that's good luck ah man there's the mum
and there's the dad before he started
taking drugs and shit but what happened
to the mum that's what I want to know
oh she drew pictures is that the mum
what there's a head wound on her that's
her that's the little girl the dad hit
little girl
no there's me she drew me before I got
broken no he the dad broke my arm and
that made Alice sad
Alice wanted me to see that that's why
she gave me the key okay put it back put
it back before this bloody crazy dad
sees okay put it back
oh my goodness oh my goodness okay I
don't think okay robots are I mean these
androids are meant to sort of obey all
orders okay but I feel like Alice I mean
I feel like Cora like like she she has
to obey Alice as well as as the father
so I feel like there must be some divide
I don't know what's going on no no go
and clean no don't touch obviously she's
not doing anything she's just playing I
know what you're thinking you know this
guy's crazy he's a good dad's a little
life oh my god she's no looking loser no
can't get a job
take care his family what do you think I
tried to make things work but whatever I
do when someone comes along they just
I know what you think of me no you hate
me
no she doesn't do hey don't don't punch
up say it not enough
I do it
so trucks
I'm sorry I'm sorry curvature some
things Cara you know that if you don't
you love you
what kind of father would love his
daughter and let me shake him and say
why don't you let me man that guy I
don't trust this guy
okay oh did I do everything oh no I
think I miss a couple of things guys but
I did unlock some paths like I saw the
gun and I discovered a way down okay a
way down okay do I have to am I gonna
escape from this guy's house later on
okay I think I did everything okay I
think I missed some cleaning but that
was pretty much everything that I did
and I think I didn't I forgot to read
something I'm not important all right
man I feel bad for the car I think car
is like my favorite character okay
because you know I've seen Carl since a
long time ago but yeah this guy I forgot
his name you know I want to say it's
Nathan but I can't I haven't played this
game before so I don't know Oh Marcus
why I think it was Nathan yeah Marcus
Marcus I remember now so we've got
Marcus Connor and Cara
all right so Marcus is home and he's
gonna put the package down that he went
to go pick up for his owner
all right put his jacket down all right
so we've checked the package we deposit
the package and now we got to take care
of call okay we're gonna wake him up
upstairs way that Bert's okay wait are
these fake Birds their Android Birds oh
my goodness these these birds are fake
Androids and they just fly in the cage
oh I kind of feel sorry for them I mean
like people put regular birds in cages
but man that's kind of like a metaphor
right anyway I think we got to go
upstairs and wake up my master call he
looks like some fancy dude okay look at
his house it's full of like nice
paintings and shit man this guy is rich
okay look at this guy's house okay he
has all these paintings all these
fossils okay and we okay we got to go
wake him up now is he old I'm guessing
his old that's why I need to take care
of him and that
why he has an android in the first place
all right open the door
oh sure all the cards there he is he's
sitting in bed
he's this old dying man through the
cones oh oh hello called morning Carl
good morning morning
it's a damn weather is partly cloudy 54
degrees 80% humidity with a strong
possibility of afternoon shower time he
knows everything sounds like a good day
to spend in bed always depressed I did
go to pick up the paint that you ordered
oh okay oh yes of a condom yeah that is
the difference between you and me right
markers yeah cuz I'm a robot I forget
you never forget anything yeah cuz I'm
small Shmi your arm please Carl look off
this old man now all these robots have
got a do these stupid tasks for these
dumbass people I just open my eyes and
I'm already gritty Mike - oh man this
old man is dying a god-given Medicine
machine they break down so quickly all
this effort to keep them going yeah hey
Oh what happened you close oh it's
nothing just got no shooters in the
streetcar what aren't you idiots idiots
they think they can stop progress by
roughing up a few Androids how dare they
I hope they didn't arm you oh they just
push me around Carl oh well there's
about Marcus I'll take you to the
bathroom now okay I can I can see it
would be really good for old people to
get robots to help them you know because
I feel sorry for whole people man they
can't take care of themselves no one
really wants to take care of them but
you know robots can do it you know look
I got to carry this guide washab oh no
no Tyler got a wipe his bomb if he wants
to a poo that's disgusting
oh man shower I do have to shower him oh
god this guy's house oh alright well
have showered and bathed in well at
least I didn't have to show it okay
I know Quantic Dream love is putting
nudity in their games so I'm
and gladdened have to see his old man
balls but yeah he's all dressed now
alright now I'll push him in his dumbass
wheelchair take coal to the dining
special on the agenda today oh yes
there's the opening of your
retrospective at the Museum of Modern
Art oh the gallery director left four
messages asking to confirm your
attendance
oh I haven't decided yet
Oh we'll see about that later okay what
else so he's a famous artist and and or
something Ayane just your usual fan mail
I've already asked Oh
fan mail I think he is famous this guy's
a famous artist and a real Leo who's leo
no Karl okay and call him if you like no
oh okay
no I don't bother okay who's Leo alright
Carl look at me look at this dog
starving
well your breakfast is ready bacon and
eggs just the way you like the make in
the next you're welcome
Marcus even made cold breakfast man
Marcus is amazing I want to have a
bloody Marcus making me breakfast every
day okay now we got a serving breakfast
I'm basically just being slaves to these
people okay
I kind of want to play as Connor now I
mean I played Connor as in the first
level but Connors not really like a
slave I mean here's he works for as like
a negotiator detective okay so let's
take the breakfast Tablas old man call
gorel all right here's your 50 food
bacon and eggs
Bon Appetit you old ass man voila thank
you Marcus you're welcome television
television man everything's voiced up
voice-controlled
okay I've got a certain coffee now all
right do I have to really be doing this
dumb shit why don't you find something
to do wanna finish my breakfast oh okay
okay cool
all right find something to do like what
I can play the piano I can play the
piano can i yes let's sit down I could
play that robots company of course
robots can play the piano
papa
okay let's quit that okay oh he's
watching uh hello something has changed
in the way you play oh well maybe
sometimes I think you have more humanity
than most humans whoa
one day I won't be here to take care of
you anymore take care of me you'll have
to protect yourself
Isis decide who you are
wha want to become wall become human
this world doesn't like those who are
different Marcus now that you know don't
let anyone tell you who you should be
yeah let's go to the studio man okay I'm
sorry hidden message right there of the
game do not let anyone tell you who you
should be be who you want to become and
and it and the game's called the car
Detroit become human okay yeah all right
cool so let's take Kyle to the studio
I'm guessing he's a painter
is this a studio wow this is beautiful
I think he's like a famous painter or
something
oh okay robot hands oh he is a painter I
knew it
Oh mr. Pope it's pretty cushy where he
left off when he moves the shoe remove
the sheet okay all right and remove whoa
this guy painted this man he's talented
okay
clean studio more cleaning this dumb
game what's your verdict Marcus I
like yes there is something about it hmm
something I can't quite define huh is
that come because I like it ha ha the
truth is I have nothing left to say
anymore
each day that goes by it brings me
closer to the end I'm just an old man
clinging to his brushes Oh Carl but
enough about me oh ok let's see if you
have any talent he wants me to paint
give it a try I mean I'm a robot can I
even paint paint but would i painting
what anything you want anything give it
a try
have some you know some titties or
something ok um I don't know paint
what's in your mind
Marcus find a subject to paint uh what
bloody subject painting the statue paint
the desk paint calls painting let's do
that that sounds cool
all right brush right okay
brush left this kind of reminds me of
heavy rain when Ethan was drawing his
architect stuff if you guys have seen
that while there's a perfect copy of
reality
the painting is not about replicating
the world it's about interpreting and
proving on it
showing something you see okay well I
don't think I can do that it's not in my
program I go on go try it
grab that canvas okay did I do bad by
painting calls painting okay well I
wanted to see if I could improve on it
but III I'll copy did the exact same
thing do something for me close your
eyes put eyes close my eyes trust me
close my eyes try to imagine something
that doesn't exist something you've
never seen
well now concentrate on how it makes you
feel wall that your hand drift across
the canvas whoa this guy's training this
robot to go AWOL training him to you
know be like a doughnut paint Android's
humanity or identity identity prisoner a
my prisoner
or do I have doubts maybe I have doubts
I won't say I'm a prisoner because I
feel like Marcus has a pretty happy life
can for call or like being called slave
hoof I should say but yeah just paint
Marcus Marcus gonna paint
what secret of paint Marcus what's gonna
paint huh
is he done he's doing it he's doing it
he's painting something he's painting
something what is it I'm interested to
see what he painted whoa I'm a girl
hanging myself Oh who's this guy is this
Leo hey Dad
yeah there's Leo I think it's a son yeah
I don't hear you come in I was in the
neighborhood I thought I'd stop by
it's been a while right your tension can
you look so good oh yeah yeah I'm fine
listen I need some cash dad
oh jeez money what happened to the money
I just gave you oh oh oh I swear
sometimes I don't lie to me Leo what
difference does making some cash that's
all oh sorry
the answer's no whoa why you know why
you know why cuz you're bloody lucky
yeah I think I do know what you rather
you'd rather take care of your plastic
toy here than your own son
Hey whoa dad what's what's it got that I
don't
he's calling me out harder more obedient
like me right oh my god you know what
this thing is not your son
fucking pussy oh that's enough it enough
do not push me again you asshole
they don't care about anything's of
yourself in your goddamn paintings man
you've never loved anyone you never
loved me dad
oh but what if you were a better son
maybe maybe you would love you you just
pushed me our man hope the people like
their hand droids in the other half to
hate them
oh poor guy man don't be a son like that
just using your dad for money and shit
man okay so that was the end of level 2
alright guys so with that being said I
think that's a good place to end this
episode I'm not sure about you guys but
yeah yeah so I'm gonna keep uploading
episodes as soon as we reach like goals
alright so as soon as this video reaches
20,000 likes all right if you do it
today I might upload it tomorrow if not
it will be up the next day as soon as
this video reaches 20,000 likes I'm
gonna upload the next episode thank you
guys so much for watching the video and
choosing to watch my let's play on it
there's lots of youtubers doing Let's
Plays on it but yeah I feel like this
game means so much to me and I hope you
know that this series is amazing
you know I'll make sure it's amazing ok
guys because you know I love this game
and I know it's going to be an amazing
amazing game thank you guys so much for
watching I love each and every single
one of you and I will see you in the
next video mine slender guys love you
Baba
