hello everyone how is everyone doing it
is mesh yourself there and today lace
German we are back with the walking dead
baby and not only the walking dead we
are doing the final episode baby episode
5 and this is what's gonna round off the
season I haven't decided yet whether I
want to do season 2 but I think you guys
want me to do season 2 at this point
honestly alright so leave a like if this
video reaches 50,000 likes I will do
episode 2 okay so I need you guys to go
crazy on the likes okay because this is
the ending alright but anyway let's just
stop talking alright okay episode 5 no
time left
oh come on tines by yourself why she by
yourself look after I get on the walking
dead boy what if my parents I'm home and
I'm not there oh I've got my
walkie-talkie in case
listen Clementine why did you go running
off your dumb off swimming time oh oh
yeah about that
Oh Lika beer oh yeah we have a better
chance of finding her if we all yeah we
all went except for Ben cuz you know I
killed Ben kind of friend would I be if
I wasn't there for you now thanks Kenny
okay and then we found out where
Clementine is oh hello Lee and that's
where we left off right the last thing I
said to him is it gonna continue the
game series a damage the choices you
make the story is tailored by how I play
down straight zombies are coming yeah oh
it doesn't have to be any trouble here
all I want is the girl never back and
nobody needs to get hurt
it's continuing it's not Vernon oh hey
some other dude
choose my next words what was I saying
again
what for me what do you want for me
that's what I said what I don't know how
anyone did what is what is it a rescue
is that's not how parents just told you
know we're all game okay
I'm coming for you baby girl okay sweet
pea all right sweet pea I'm coming for
you baby girl don't worry
Oh oh Claire more she thinking this land
of mine kidnapped off and what you
thinking oh we're gonna help Clementine
we're gonna rescue up wasn't a full
charm oh we don't have much time do you
think I'm gonna die maybe I won't die Oh
God didn't know what closed the door
already Jesus Christ Oh God make sure
nothing gets okay you're still the
smartest all right try to find another
way out of here okay okay we got to get
out of there guys we we call Maury about
time to talk right now please get the
halibut so it'll be a rib spreads our
contract what a party wait what why
don't you send a buddy oh I can use to
wrap the the rib spreader on the door oh
and now I should also in this elevator
uh okay that was smart all right there
we go I hope no zombies are behind this
thing I think it's mine oh no it's
really weak no leader passed out
no is he gonna die don't want me to go
unlikely are this poor bite maybe he is
infected
oh my god what's gonna happen no time
left it's called no time left
I think Lee's gonna die I think I know
that's gonna happen but I don't know I
don't want to know how it's gonna happen
oh no okay oh okay this has to be done
what's he doing what are you doing sorry
stop he's awake oh he's still bitten so
what were they gonna do chocolate while
trying to save him
it's a very least buy him some time
chopping his arm
oh we know there's gonna be a lot of
blood oh there's gonna be a shitload of
blood Oh what if he dies what if I die
then the rest of us oh oh god I kind of
want to do it bad idea there's a chance
it stops you from turning we have to
take let's do it let's do with it why
not work good maybe maybe a brisk it's a
big risk
yeah we're down here without a lot of
options yeah this is bad this is gonna
hurt no how they're gonna do it with
that with that sore with that big ass or
they're gonna chop up my arms yeah much
that's gonna hurt me all right there's
no way it's gonna happen you know it'll
be let's just go get to it - come come
only okay just get through it okay
they're gonna chop off your arm all
right is okay it was easier when I
thought he was out yeah who's gonna do
it Kenny well of course it's gonna be
Kenny fine oh she's gonna do it
Christina's gonna do it Oh God Oh No
okay that was disgusting okay guys I
don't think they would actually show in
19 March detail oh my arms gone I can't
believe we did that we didn't need to do
that I don't think honestly you've been
out of Wildman a while oh no oh do you
think you'll be able to travel oh how am
i alive honestly it's chopped my goddamn
arm Jesus Christ yeah I know how these
games are like and I don't think I
needed to do that but I kind of wanted
to see it yeah that's how I'm doing this
let's play honestly nope
easily always having to call the ladder
with one arm poorly nowhere well god
recording up oh god there's zombies here
okay it's alright just just just stay on
the ladder all right cool we made it out
alright we made to the roof but that was
about with I remember when Savannah was
empty
yeah now it's not bastards did one thing
right I guess it sure seems like it they
followed us there we need to get off
this roof as fast as we can yeah it's
not safe down there we can't just walk
through the streets
oh you planning on growing some wings
yeah oh jeez look at how we're gonna get
off this roof who knows oh there's a
ladder here that's convenient it's an
extension ladder okay
that's good okay pick up the ladder even
though Leah's got one arm hey you know
someone else could Rob we figured out
whoa you need some help oh yeah I got it
oh he's still doing it okay let's put
the yeah that's a good plan put the
ladder in the bell tower and then we'll
work fast Wow how are you doing this
with one hand how would I do that with
one hand
okay now mind the bells oh yeah good buy
us some time draw as many as we can this
way get down off the roof on the
opposite Holderness is getting back to
the match very good idea do you think
you should be the one to go oh the legs
feeling better
let me do it oh not decide who takes a
risk like this it should be the guy
who's got that trophy still owe me I get
bitten again uh ah this episode so sad
why the hell are we letting the
one-armed guy do all the high-risk
maneuver the one-armed guy insists shut
up about a thing looks a little rickety
oh is it
oh sure to keep that shit to yourself
next time okay I'm sure it's fine
okay I'm sure it's not gonna fall but if
it does I unscrew it I think you need to
watch out for this extension part this
is the part where it could fall
yep told you Oh God Oh God
oh we lost the ladder how am I gonna get
back yeah okay yeah but I nearly died
fine try to find another way out of
there okay should I ring the bell first
but would not hurt my ears Oh
okay
and now it's going through all the
zombies to this bell tower and then we
can escape man this is kind of scary
just everyone's just attracted to the
Bell coming this way comedy's well nice
of them
Jesus Jesus there's no way you can make
that jump I think I have to jump oh no
wait he's gonna do it you can make it
that far
okay I'll do it okay God dude got this
Lee got this motherfucker Lee Seok you
do a bit run up here we go here we go
here we go if that would actually be a
roof I call let's go off the roof all
right so I think we slit by oh okay he's
not messing around
wait what what no someone took our boat
come the fuck oh no this was Vernon you
think so it couldn't have been the other
guy rise he's right it was burning in
that support group oh wait is it could
influence because I tractions contradict
your characterization but yeah the in
voids Oh kid believe they did this tour
really is they use your goddamn sympathy
for sick folks and then stab us right in
the back oh you shit they did what
anybody would have done they've been
living like ghosts forever and they were
fed up that's it
oh but they took our bow says he feels
bad about it leaving us and Clementine
behind oh oh no we hold the lost episode
came this bow I can't believe it we
shouldn't be out in the open man that
actually sucks that's a lot of work we
did to get that boat so we get
Clementine in them yeah and then walk
out of cities I'm done with cities we go
into the countryside and make a go of it
oh go back out there again then don't go
your own way oh you're every man for
himself until you and your boyfriend
actually need so
had a boat to lose without us so shove
it ok everyone keep it together yeah
please this changed has it nothing has
changed
I mean immediately we stay the course
don't turn on each other
yeah our group just keeps getting
smaller and smaller what do you think is
gonna die I wasn't the last boat in
America
the idea was sound before and it's sound
now okay we want to stick with Kenny
Clementine is the goal
yeah we focus on clan first oh no
completely oh these on became probably
from that bullet that I showed earlier
okay okay everyone calm down
all right man I'm sick of all these
zombies get upstairs make sure nobody's
here okay
on it uh Kenny uh weapons look for
weapons gather anything you can find
okay will do and then Oh me me
oh no the front door front doors GTOs
hand oh god the front door the front
cold bitch oh no any more
I think we're fine no that's not what I
think there's any chance we get Clem and
catch up to those goddamn thieves I
don't know I don't know maybe well we're
not going out through this window
no latches no roof access and 30 feet
straight down an apparent song that's
what she said did that mean she's at the
hotel she's at the hotel where her
parents was staying
oh we need to start thinking about more
than just Clementine when it comes to
our urgency oh we have food how do we
get out of here we have to save up
you're gonna listen to me okay
we will get Clementine back with or
without you whoa and giving up
everything to die because we were stupid
you're not touching me you might become
one of them
you understand that how can you be
fucking calm about just calm down
Oh Oh take the bus
oh oh oh well that was good look it's
corroded to hell
can we smash through it what's on the
other side of this wall a 30-foot drop
oh this mansion butts up against the one
next door oh oh we're gonna go through
the next apartment then
oh this walling shit this wall we should
yeah we can do so we can do it we're
gonna go through the next door shifts
omid Krista and I Lee you rest okay
all right look fast all right cool
probably would have let you go alone if
you hadn't told us Oh
which would have been a mistake Oh were
you I would have been scared shitless
okay I didn't know that was a fucking
thing it happened so fast it happened so
fast it almost hit someone in her
crosswalk yeah
his license was suspended okay twice
wait whoa he hit someone thing was on me
never sorry Oh someone in your blood
oh so weird I keep doing a double-take
on your arm expecting it to be there get
this guy yeah who is this guy me no let
me figure out who he is yeah who is he
why is he doing this we can rescue clam
but she won't be safe if this guy's not
gonna stop I want you guys to take her
oh stop it I'm serious
she'd be safe and relatively happy with
you to all but doing this right now
Krista listen to him Oh whole plan it's
what I want okay she's not gonna have me
anymore I feel so sad oh if I'm uncle
how convenient well Cheers
oh man this is like a farewell party for
Lee sure I'll take some drink okay I
think he needs it you want to drink
Chris Kristina know what oh oh
is she pregnant she Oh I mean she
wouldn't have done that she's pregnant
right I'm through okay everyone's like
why she do that I think she might be
pregnant because she was throwing up
things are looking at in the last
episode I think I think they're hinting
that she's pregnant okay am I out we're
in the next room
all right Oh everyone be careful search
the place
Oh Oh No
they ended up killing themselves because
they didn't want to deal with the
zombies it's cute mover got a girl oh
yeah we've seen so many people I don't
know why these ones break my heart
Oh heartbreaking he's not giving
yourself a chance true it's what Katja
did yeah I'm sorry cute Oh know what to
say about that that's just a sad she
left me
awesome people that cared about us I
forgive her but don't make it any less
wrong
oh you don't just end it cuz it's hard
you stick it out and you help the folks
you care about truth let's figure a way
out of here and get that little girl oh
we should move so true man let's clear
the room before we move on okay Lee
figure out where we're headed man that's
kind of sad okay anyway there's a door
here do we go outside the door oh it
seems like a balcony okay looks like we
can stay off the streets all the way to
River Street if we're careful cool also
we're gonna be jumping from building to
building are we okay cool I think that's
the plan Oh carefully careful oh jeez
okay you did it all right I'll meet
there we go your turn okay and Kristina
all right and Kenny all right everyone's
okay cool huh Oh Oh broke why did that
thing nearly break I think if I saved
Ben Ben would have died there hmm that
little creek in the in the thing makes
me think if I saved Ben school then
would have died there because all these
telltale games you know you
sessions don't really matter honestly
like everything still kind of loops
around I want to give him a call and
tell them we're coming for them right oh
but maybe he might run away then if we
do that so I think we should do that
careful cross here yeah be careful how
about we just take turns crossing it
rather than all going at once okay oh no
one's gonna listen all right we're just
gonna go okay just go easy don't look
down don't look down I mean that's
pretty much what I'm doing right now but
don't look down
they were like something is going to
happen any second now oh okay well
that's just wasting my time
Oh God look at Leigh Leigh's looking
kind of bad let's keep going you bunch
of lollygaggers sue oh no oh no oh fuck
well oh noze sorry
don't say sorry we have to that's our
lifeline yeah exactly we can find this
guy without it then what if we don't we
need every clue that comes out of him
Lee's right then should I jump down so
fucking sorry oh it's okay I will we
don't Oh Christine no just what is it oh
gosh me up
just grab grab grab grab oh god fuck we
can't reach you're an idiot you're an
idiot fast okay we should thought that
for before Oh No conveniently places
this pole right here oh okay wisely
doing this the one-armed guy Oh God one
arm come on one arm strength one object
never mind what's happened what's that
making lots of noise
no does Cristina die no no no I kind of
Christina died on me no huh she's not
alone justjust try again what are you
doing why you shit they're in oh great
the pain we're doing you grab the pole
again why do you make of this Oh No why
did you why did she do this
why did you do this I was prepared to go
fucking now Oh Oh Kenny you're gonna
jump down get her Ken Oh Kenny risked
his life
come on reach Oh John save her
he's gonna sacrifice himself Oh Kenny
uh-huh no okay come on Christina come on
Oh Kenny's fighting his way out
Oh
oh no oh no he's gonna make it
we're going in after it we can't we have
to wait
just Kenny's not dead he hasn't they
haven't showed him die yet maybe he
might maybe he might come back I don't
know maybe you ran me maybe the man's
alright maybe you'll find us maybe what
if he doesn't
what if he would they're for you oh I
don't think Kenny's dead because they
wouldn't they would have shown in or
would have made a bigger deal out Kenny
being dead Kenny has been there since
episode 1 okay it's been me and Kenny
and Clementine from for every episode
okay I'm sure it's fine all right so are
we at this place now come on we're
spending so long getting to this goddamn
place oh the marsh house with right
there okay so let's cross then I'll go
first so cool I think I should do anyway
yeah sure I'm sure
okay I'll be fine alright unli alright
I'm good at these kind of things okay
just walk across it alright I'm sure I
won't fall he's doing it easy go nice
nice and slow nice and slow nice and
slow
Oh God look up shake it is go go go go
go are you okay oh I think so I'm cool
it for go for it what does that mean
yeah what does I think I'm already
bitten I just have to push my way
through oh fuck
but maybe you got to it fast enough
maybe you'll be fine
Oh can't risk losing more time on a long
shot oh no let's meet outside of town by
the Train are you nuts
it's the only way train do you hear me
yeah by the train are the trains Jesus
will be there okay um oh no am I gonna
go on the street huh I'm gonna go on the
street I'm gonna run oh no way
oh no oh no I mean I kind of look like
it's on me I got no one arm you know my
eyes are like this you know maybe I
should just walk and pretend I'm a
zombie
Oh God Oh God our leaders in cash come
on anyone else
oh let's guy behind you Oh careful whoa
Oh God
careful how is this working
they probably think I'm a zombie okay
Lee was so bad that he just walked to
the marsh houseboy who is this guy how
did he know
so he's been talking to Clementine on
this walkie-talkie ever since the
beginning but that means he must know
clementines parents I'm so confused on
who this guy is honestly like he yeah
and why did he kidnap Clementine we'll
find out everything cuz I actually have
no idea honestly oh god be careful
what if he's waiting for me what there's
rope look there's rope on this doors
it's like a it's like a bomb
I got us adjoining rooms okay and you're
missing an arm
yeah about that he's just gonna kill me
with a gun no you can't shoot me Wyatt
please sweetie but your things there
whoa this is all I've got okay is he
gonna believe that I have a light I
don't believe you
oh that's everything go ahead and search
me no I'm not touching you just sit down
oh he believed me that I don't have a
gun Do You Know Who I am no no I don't
know anything I've no idea who these
guys you wouldn't people like you don't
huh now you're thinking who would have
it out for me
uh weeks back there might have been a
station wagon in the forest full of all
sorts of food Oh Oh things you that was
episode 2 the ending of episode 2 not
some cannibal V some killer out in the
woods some villain I'm just a dad
oh hi coach literally so we took his
call and it take from me I didn't your
people didn't oh I didn't agree with it
that's what Clementine said oh why
didn't you because was it bright wasn't
our stuff yeah that's real good of you
then don't kill me what do you want me
to swear yeah woman I don't want you to
say anything
I want you to know what happened what
happened have you ever hurt somebody you
care about
oh my god yes of course who my wife may
be my wife
yeah I'm in tight said she wasn't with
you I heard her a long time ago
oh no she travelled for work I didn't
like that oh I wanted a family
Oh a reasonable thing don't want yeah so
we fought and it made my biggest fear
come true
oh that she cheated on him Dale no way
to class canceled didn't went home
Thunder there was someone else Oh Oh
Pauline I was mad for so long can't
imagine how much pain she felt oh that's
true
man poor Pauline but my son Adam went
missing I took him out hunting even
though my wife said he was too young
oh no I figured he had to learn
and then he and that came back without
him Oh on her face said you are a
monster oh no oh that you went out
looking for oh never found him I hurt
her so bad oh and then we came back and
all our stuff was gone
Oh your people be that asshole in the
ball cap Oh stupid fucking wife oh I
could have earned her trust back if they
hadn't made our situation so desperate
oh we kicked him when he was low hungry
we got the more she blamed me until she
finally took our daughter Elizabeth
unless oh they didn't get far I found
him
a day later Oh in the road oh no his
whole family died in stir to you we all
do damn some more than others
I'm nice oh you're not you killed a man
with a pitchfork right in front of a
little girl oh um I would do it
differently if I could yeah you
abandoned a defenseless grieving woman
who you brought her to the most
dangerous place in this city where she
could have died but I couldn't leave her
at the house alone she would have been
better off no she won love she would
have been lonely was this guy want
honest ladies you want to kill me coz I
took his car you're a monster
no don't cool no I'm gonna hurt you so
why why he's put he's planning on me
he's crazy
I didn't steal from you but think of
everything else you did what after I
found Clementine on my radio I wasn't
even mad at you
I was coming for the others for revenge
whoa this guy's crazy of the things you
did oh and the danger she was in Oh our
plan change changed I'll lead listen to
me I need you to hear this before what
happens next
oh I can take care of her oh no we can
have a family I don't want this I don't
wanna I don't name him I bet you don't
even know how old she is
yes she's she's eight wrong-o she's nine
but her birthday was six days ago oh
that's not happening
crazy o crazy keeping her with you is
crazy no it's not you piece of shit
you'll have to kill me yeah you have to
kill me yeah I know
Oh No hey honey I think this is all
gonna work out what are you I'm glad to
oh no wait is he talking to his wife in
this bag maybe she wouldn't have all got
this bad oh god watch out clamp I hate
seeing you like this
Oh God I just miss he's crazy he's
talking to his wife's head miss you so
much sometimes kill him you're gonna
like him he'll having a lot though kill
him she's not Lizzy but she's killing me
she wouldn't hurt oh god why oh oh God
oh no oh no oh no oh oh okay I just okay
sorry I I i I've messed up my bad oh
good you're good this guy's not gonna
kill me killing me come on Lee get him
get him get him
you took clementines he's gonna get pay
for this no oh my god oh no poor baby
shoot me choking oh God
come on okay I'm gonna do it he would
have come back damn oh poor Clementine
Oh
so we now know what happened to
Clementine
this man took our because oh god my arm
oh yeah because you ran off I got bit
clementines
oh sorry
Clementine Oh everything's okay now need
to figure out how to get out of
Savannah's fast as we can
yeah come on we got to get out of the
man ah Lee has not got any time left
look at him
alright so should we leave then is that
it oh whoa
they're zombies look straight past me
whoa oh yeah that that's what I'm saying
what's wrong to get here yeah
oh we're gonna put Gumby guts all over
us I know it oh that's disgusting no
clementines not gonna like this
oh we're gonna put Sambi guts all over
Clementine oh god yeah that's what we're
gonna do I know it ah oh I can't even
imagine Oh scoop oh we're skipping all
this guts
Oh intestines that's where I poo comes
from
haha Clementine I'm sorry
hahaha okay cool Oh what are you missing
oh we found your hat oh thank you thank
you
Clementine so cute I wanna know what's
grabbing two clementines evenly looks
like a zombie buy more about Clementine
know this imagine this is so scary man
what if Lee passes out though everyone
stay calm don't panic just keep walking
hiking like walkers alright just go nice
and slow oh okay
I think zombies are stupid right uh-oh
what's going on Clem why'd you stop Clem
cut
oh no oh no oh she saw our own parents
that's so sad no that's crazy
I saved you we're safe here I locked us
in Oh God I can't do it oh poor Li so
our there but he's still oh god they
want me do it okay
I don't think it's going up yeah my cues
aren't doing anything guys my cues did
not have it at all
yeah I don't think I don't think leaves
make it out of this one but we can't be
locked in cuz I'm gonna turn mom is gone
because I cut it off why would you do
that because I was big
she doesn't even know oh sorry
Clementine I'm supposed to take care of
you I can't
Oh No oh don't cry
I made me crying okay
Oh some Keiser's get up sir
what is still doing that let's go okay
oh no Lee I hate sing Lee like this
we've spent so much time with Lee oh man
I knew this is gonna happen but I wanted
to happen helping by bringing you in oh
you are just such a self get trapped
okay true yeah oh she panics she did the
good thing Oh clam I'm so sorry
oh this is sad almost that Oh Lee
oh there's no way I'm making out the
doors right here
oh no I can't do it my cues are not
gonna help guys no matter how many cues
oh this is sad this is so sad I con
you've gotta do something
Wow
you need to get out of here keep away
from me Oh just start by getting that
door open okay oh it's just a glass
window oh okay oh oh there's a baseball
bat baseball bat under the gunner clip
you can use yeah usually user base or
about to smash the glass roof or Brooke
oh this little girl how much to believe
those little girl's gonna survive how
god Oh is he trapped there
I think he's trapped all right used to
try to grab the chair used to reach in
to the law all right come on Clem easy
careful always trapped oh okay
why the music just happened ah this is
so sad guys because I know everything's
coming to an end now and I don't want oh
look at my skin
oh god oh they won't need to hang that's
it
Lee isn't going anywhere at least Lee's
gonna die here we're gonna have to get
the gun from this guy and shoot Lee
always the gun come on time you can do
it don't get grabbed please do not get
grabbed please do not get grabbed oh god
oh god oh oh no oh oh no it hit me Go Go
oh oh you did it
whoa she's doing it
ah poor Clem I did it
on all the time okay well that's it
right we got the keys throughout the gun
last thing is to say goodbye your stroke
oh nothing don't mean not gonna say bad
stuff but it's okay please don't be one
of them please don't become a walker I
can't help it thank you do you know that
oh no don't kill me I don't know if I
can
it's what your safety Claire you don't
get out of time but I can wait until
then you can't you can't can't risk it
is this is like Larry huh I know you did
it to protect me yeah yes you just have
to do it it'll be okay Oh No me like one
of them will make it look easy
oh I could do it like I can I don't need
it Christa you're outside of town by the
train
you remember how to get back down yes
oh good comm but to go to the train now
take good care of you Oh
imagine having to get a little girl to
shoot you I will I'll cut it myself
Oh No Lee oh I'll miss you little Missy
Claire oh I'm trying so hard not to cry
right now
oh man
Oh Clem no Oh No
Oh No Oh Lee
lady okay Lee Lee speak to me
Lee no man I mean I knew it was gonna
happen that's it I knew it was gonna
happen but I didn't know I didn't know
it'd end like that but yeah I mean I
remove leaves odd I don't think it
mattered but I wanted to see it and I
lost my temper I kept your weapons
okay button and I'm using it I killed
the guy that captured Clementine which I
guess I didn't need to do and I stopped
Lee from turning okay so what's gonna
happen oh okay okay so this is all the
stories from all these characters and
I'm guessing I could have had more like
story if I kept these guys around more
so that's it is that anything there must
be something else after right because
that I can't just em like that right
anything could happen
credits just finished Clem she's all by
herself
no I don't want clam to be all by
herself that's the worst thing that come
out of this this is what's so sad about
this story now is that is that Clemmons
just by herself now I just got a gun too
she's all alone she's been through so
much
oh man she doesn't know anything
Oh guns that ya bullet app that's not
gonna work in the gun Oh Clem is that
ohmmeter crystal I don't know Oh God
will do something Clem go go go to a man
I mean you're by yourself I think you're
better off with these two people then no
one right I mean how bad could they be I
don't know oh oh they saw me
oh no I'm guessing that there that's it
season two whoa okay guys all right so
that was it that was the Walking Dead
okay first things first like oh my god I
could see this kind of story developing
but now that you know like the seasons
finish I have no idea how the rest of
the seasons can go okay so yeah guys all
right if you guys want me to you know do
like season two then leave a like okay
but yeah like thank you guys so much for
the support on the series you know it's
been amazing you know I mean like I'm
such a weight you tuber you know and
yeah I just felt like playing this game
you know and you know it's crazy that
you know something that I just feel like
I want to do you know I'm gonna play the
walking dead and then you know like
hundreds of thousands of you come and
watch every single episode it's like it
it just submitted like makes me realize
how like amazing view as I have thank
you guys so much I hope you did enjoy it
cuz I definitely did you know and I'm
and I'm really excited to record more
you know so yeah just thank you I'm so
happy you know it's kind of sad you know
but yeah I'm excited to season two thank
you guys so much for watching and I'll
see in the next video okay guys
love you Bubba that's where poo comes
from
