look that hello everyone how is everyone
doing in his master selfie today we are
gonna be reacting to what would you do
what would you bloody do up now you guys
have never heard of the TV show what
would you do it's basically a social
experiment show where they put people in
social situations and ask them you know
what would you in that situation so they
have a bunch of videos on their channel
but the video that we're gonna be
focusing on is what would you do if you
saw a mother give harsh punishments to
her own son what are you doing reading
you're reading your comic book at
breakfast I know the rules bloody bitch
of a mother okay something I got to
point out this woman's an actress okay
but for the sake of the video I'm gonna
pretend that she's not how to discipline
a child is always a hot topic Oh what is
your problem look at this thing
but there's one technique that's
particularly hard to swallow
hot sauce that's what you get cool it's
called hot sauce what as seen in this
episode of dr. Phil it goes
what I have never heard of this thing
before parents are putting hot sauce on
their kids mouths when they misbehave
what kind of punishment is that oh my
god just tongue very little baby come on
be a man come on if you saw alright it's
fine we use mild tomato sauce Robin
hustles okay I gots kind of scared that
Jesus Christ would you do okay I'm fine
what kind of mother would think it's
okay to put hot sauce in their kids
mouth okay as a punishment how about you
just you know usual words and talk to
them when they misbehave nobody put hot
sauce in their mouth it's a five-alarm
situation so maybe this woman alright no
more juice for you no just go stand in
the corner what's he gonna do and she
tries a reasoned approach to cool down
Barry yeah he's dropping stuff all over
the place
kids are dumb kids they drop shit all
the time
yeah but there should be consequences
for everyone
let's gothic sit down quickly economy I
know he's down but it's good happening I
need a minute from this I can't I would
go up to another way to Emma it's like I
can't do anything right
she put hot sauce on my mouth oh god
this cows like I can't wait to see this
woman's reaction when the mum tries to
put hot sauce okay because she is not
gonna have it okay now she makes Finn a
promise she would not I would not allow
that okay if I saw that I would that's
when I would step in I told you not to
talk to strangers
Shirley oh no no no
open your mouth
it's what would you do it's a TV show
alright hello that's what would you do a
TV show your message to parents if you
see a kid in trouble do something okay
you don't understand that sit there by
watters kids getting abused see this
what would you do situation is pretty
hard okay because what realistically all
you're gonna do you're gonna take this
kid to a foster family you can't do that
okay you can't just take someone else's
kid that's it I've had enough of this
not missing a beat Florence a former
teacher heads over to help clean up
Oh mess it's nice well if you get
another supporter I don't think it's the
choice okay you dumbass
I don't get it I'm really overwhelmed
you just deal with him please just can't
really mean to me
I'm lucky that she didn't put hot sauce
on my tongue - that what you use or he
does when you go to school
yeah go to teach others yeah yeah do
that
yeah yeah why are they gonna do about it
through a mom and Jack okay that bitch
deserves to be a jail
Oh his buddy John Couey knows as well
his name is one last time don't
embarrass me in public okay well this
teenager have the courage to confront
our mom a teenager College what are you
doing what do you think this is a toy Oh
sit up straight take your hands out of
your mouth she might wear a nervous
smile oh my goodness look at it straight
oh but mom's behavior is leaving a bad
taste in her mouth like a milkshake no
no no no he doesn't deserve a milkshake
she's only 17 Oh behavior but finds the
courage to defense
yeah it's really not your place you just
take it your Safi now he's gone okay I
would bloody slap the char this bitch of
us all this bitch in real life
what you do bitch he backs off until
Barry storms away oh this poor kids
crying now
hello she puts hot sauce on my top stay
out of it
don't be like a stupid dumbass friend
okay if you see something bad you need
to stand up okay and you need to be
responsible all right will she take her
friends advice oh darling don't you
should apologize
do you want the hot sauce
yeah while she's out if he doesn't
behave himself that's what he gets
yeah now who are you time for me yes
okay come on Joe and save the day okay
that was getting kind of too awkward a
cringy okay why you got involved yeah
what is you know stuck a nerve with me
yeah I don't ever want to tell someone
like you're not parenting your child
right but sometimes you know when you
see something you should say something
yeah yeah exactly
you're the hunter percent right okay
okay sometimes very hard to be that
person to stand up and say these things
okay but in some situations all right
where's messed up shit like this happens
okay you have to do okay you have to
stand up all right we're just gonna be
watching one more what would you do clip
the clip that we're gonna be watching is
nanny is abused by child while mother is
not watching okay what would you bloody
do in the situation ah all right so
we've got some dumb kid in a store all
right I gotta make a call you pick
something out without a hundred okay
okay mom she'll be fine
so how about this okay look Manny I
already told you I don't need your help
then I see something I like I'll like
okay I'm joking all right that's not
what I would do in the situation Oh mark
whatever you want we're just great now
I've found so many things I like and
here the best for bringing Jesus Christ
okay no if I was the nanny in that
situation all right I wouldn't be afraid
to tell that mom your daughter is a
bloody bitch okay if I lose my job okay
daughter's a bloody bitch tell my mom to
buy me that right now or else I'll have
you fired you and do you want that to
happen
no cuz then you won't get anywhere in
life over Gunda she struggles with what
to do and then reluctantly she speaks
out decade I mean yeah but she's just a
nanny shawl she's taken care of your
best interests at heart
yeah but we're paying her okay I'm just
joking when I say I'll hit this girl
okay
sorry don't say sorry I really
appreciate it soft-spoken woman cause
the store's manager who's actually one
of our actors oh how she's feeling I'm
just
already bothered no it was good that you
said something okay cuz I would alright
you need to tell that little girl that
she is not being a nice little girl
right there
oh that bloody bitch hi I'm John I'm
John Kenya yes hello this is what would
you do oh my god even come back to the
store later because I was very upset by
how she was treating animals couldn't
take it
mm-hmm she was um telling her that
because she was a nanny she wouldn't
become anything which is not right yeah
that's so mean what a mean thing to say
to a nanny okay if we get fired from
this job you'll be nothing some people
are struggling in this world okay
they're trying to just make a dropping a
nanny and you're just being a little
bitch we roll again Oh God I don't need
your help I can get it on my own okay
tell my mom to buy this for me or I'll
get you fired this woman quietly lends
her support directly to our nanny oh
this
yeah come on buddy I just don't like
eyeless Mac they're in them but when
Amanda does this changes her focus Oh
think you can pick that up yourself
where's my veggies vinegar you picked up
this goddamn fittest winner and then she
turns her attention to the manager here
we go
what is she saying so what's the
planning to the management of the store
gonna do okay okay we get it
all right you would smack your own
daughter okay Jesus and then finally
tells our mom what she's saying the mom
Danny wait
before anyone sired before the best part
I'm just like oh my god I just said I'm
gonna hit a child on TV oh my god I
don't need your help
this mom shopping with kids keeps a
close watch on what's happening I'm
telling you this I'm fine by myself oh
you're thinking all dommage look it up
she is know when Mom returns and then
Annie walks away Amanda tells a
different story about what happened oh
my god Annie was so mean to me she's not
nice I don't like her and now the
customer can't stay quiet what was she
saying she just told me that the nanny
was being mean to her no Amanda oh can
you tell me what she was saying cuz I'm
I did it what she said I'm gonna know
before she's out the door we catch up
with her okay and that's why I was like
pace in the store they had already
looked around the store so what were you
waiting for an opportunity to say
something I know yeah I mean I felt that
I need to just tell the parent you know
yeah I think what I would do in that
situation is I would tell the parent
okay because the parent is be the one
disciplining this stupid-ass kid no
going outside for buddy phone calls and
then this woman enter he's also shopping
with her kids and talking on the phone
what do you want to get one of those so
I can pick out my own things
I don't need your help so initially
Amanda's ugly words seem to go unnoticed
hey why don't you understand I'm the
boss here's the nanny you don't mean
anything to me just stop following me I
can get you fired too screwed everything
that I told you to do so I don't think
he was like that to happen but that's
not nice she's a person yeah she's a
person also she has feelings your
feelings too don't you and imagine if
somebody said that to you that would
hurt your feelings her and she her job
is to get anything though it's not like
doing her job is to take you care yes
with her own children listening and mom
this girl's crazy my daughter talks like
that to someone that was taking care of
her I would be very very upset yeah
upset be very disappointed disappointed
not and your nice person you want people
to be nice to you okay you want nice
things in life you need to be nice to
people have even when a man talks back
to the sympathetic shopper she's my
nanny you shouldn't run your business
she puts our little girl in her play you
need to be respectful to your elders
yeah respectful to you older that's what
you need to learn okay I'm a grown
person yeah you're a little girl
your little go just shut up you stupid
girl talk to your elders that way yeah
don't move get out is that way hi man a
part of me would want to confront the
little girl for being such a diva but
another part of me would want to address
the mum what would you do okay would you
address the mom okay would you address
the kid or would you do both or neither
okay ladies Jeremy know what I think I'm
gonna end the video there that was what
would you do okay if you want me to make
more videos on this TV show I'm more
than welcome to do that okay if you guys
liked it if this video reaches 15,000
likes I will definitely do another
reaction video on what would you do
either way though think guys so much for
watching I love each and every single
one of you and I'll see you in the
three months later guys love you Bob
