oh hello everyone how is everyone doing
in this measure selfie today we are
playing pop G mobile now if you guys
didn't know pub she is now free on iOS
and Android okay I can't believe that
smartphones have become so powerful that
you can now play like a game like pub G
now on the mobile so yeah the guys over
at pop G asked me do you want to play
pub G mobile and I've never actually
played pub G on the channel before okay
or I first need to create my character
okay where's the brown guy okay I say
that that kind of looks like me kind of
her name is already taken it's not
picking mess yourself you stupid people
out there how familiar are you with
shooting games I'm terrible at it I'm
not online okay guys we are in pub G
mobile all right let's go for solo okay
because that's how I'll prefer to play
it when I'm playing on PC this is so
crazy that you can now play pub G on the
marble okay literally the thing I'm
holding in my hands right now is just as
powerful as like a ps2 okay hello guy
now I punched him okay so it's gonna
take some time to adjust to the mobile
controls but you know what I think I'll
be fine
alright guys I promise you I am going to
bloody win this game okay okay we're
gonna drop out any second now any second
now people are leaving the cupboard look
only 19 left no okay guys let's jump
okay guys I see a house I'm gonna go to
it oh come on straight down straight
down no messing around come on we've got
a land alright guys if you have never
played pub G before it is basically a
battle royale game okay we're the last
man standing wins okay so the first
objective that we need is a gun okay
wait is that personal my shadow okay so
it's my shadow don't worry about it guys
okay guys I have landed go go go go go
go go go it just picks up for me that's
cool oh okay Publishing machine well
okay guys I have a gun and I have a
backpack okay I'm ready to kill whoever
I find alright so this is the map and as
you can see that is a circle okay and I
have to get inside this circle otherwise
you know there's gonna be like an
electrical like barrier that comes kills
kills me okay you'll see it alright to
really win this
you need patience okay you need to be
patient I need to be constantly looking
around to see if anyone's gonna shoot
come up behind you and shoot you but
it's not a car and the engines running
guys I think someone's here okay be very
careful okay I'm not gonna die I promise
you that come out come out wherever you
are
I know you're there he is I see him come
on quickly get in this car go go quick
okay I took that car and I ran away
before they could shoot me actually why
am i running away I need to be killing
this guy I'm getting shut out quickly
quickly no I got the guy that I think
that was killing me guys okay quickly
let's retreat to our car all right
I'm feeling like a bloody chicken all
right guys I'm pretty low on health all
right so some health packs or something
would be really great right now oh okay
let's take all right cool I took some
painkillers and I think I'm better now
okay oh my god fire guys I'm getting
this chicken dinner whether you like it
or not get in the car
oh I said get in the car whoops I need
to say that else can I say a girl's
voice don't tell me I made my character
a girl let's go let's go turn on voice
chat yeah sorry I took that all right
guys I may have killed three of them but
apparently 70 people are still left
alive whoa guys can you see the
electrical barrier is now closing in and
I just realized I am just on the
boundary of it okay because I'm so I
need to go okay here we go the barriers
good closing in oh here it comes here it
comes
it's coming oh oh no oh no all right I
mean it oh I'm in it all right we should
probably drive off now whoa we had so
much stuff
a military best level three what the
hell yet so much stuff guys look at this
Wow look at me now guys I am all kitted
out okay restricting the plane 30
seconds wait to wear waited there oh my
goodness there's gonna be 30 seconds
quickly guys we have to race against
them oh that electrical barrier quick or
I don't I do not want to run into any
enemies while I'm here guys because I've
got to worry about this electrical
barrier not bloody enemies oh no my god
okay I'm fine IIIi survived I'm making a
lot of noise guys alright so I imagine a
lot of enemies are hearing my car right
now
oh the buyer is closing in Oh oh my
goodness guys I am right on the edge of
it oh my god today if I step outside the
barrier is right there okay nope I am
NOT going through that door okay
shooting the player in two minutes but I
left my car outside okay guys I have to
run for my car alright quickly go oh oh
my god oh my god some guy was looking at
me while doing all that shit he'll he'll
he'll with my first aid kit come on come
on come on come on come on by quick my
car's right over there quick quick quick
quick quick quick quick quick quick
all right guys I haven't even noticed
but there's only 14 people left now guys
there's a flare over there and I think
supply drops happen in every game
alright now usually it's a big risk
especially this is my first game and
everything but you know I you know mess
ourselves feeling lucky alright let's
just go to it where's the red flare to
think someone already got the goodies
before me oh no guys I'm scared I've got
to watch every angle because they could
come at any moment oh there's the
package alright guys I'm going for it
I'm going for it guys I am I do not care
whoa I have a rifle either guys okay I'm
going to go get the hell out there come
on guys alright we need to get the hell
out of it because that red flare pretty
much basically and guarantees that's
people are gonna be there alright so
people know where I am Oh a it's
basically a marker on my head okay this
mark around my head seven people left
guys and I am one of them
Oh
now I'm sad okay I got five kills I
survived for 26 minutes just for me to
die by electricity man oh my goodness
look at this shit I ranked from level 1
to level 4 damn let's see what the shop
saying I can get a special agent crate
ok cool
ok guys we'll play one more game alright
because I got so close that time I can't
believe it alright guys it is a new game
alright and I promise you I don't
promise you anything actually I was
gonna say I promise y'all win but I
probably won't all right I'm just gonna
go for as many kills as I can alright
I'm gonna play aggressively alright and
try and just get as many kills as I
possibly can okay there's a bunch of
buildings right here guys I think it's
worth going there alright guys I think
we have this whole area to ourselves but
the thing about pop G is that you don't
know that alright so I'm gonna go to
this farm bit first okay does anyone
drop down mmm don't see anyone I think
the coast is clear guys what's that a
pan I can't do anything with a pan I
found a shotgun mmm guys if someone gets
close to me they are dead alright I
found em four all right that's probably
better than the uz I'm not gonna lie
guys okay cool alright I scared I got
scared there guys fall we had
painkillers yeah a lot of stuff guys
look at this guy he was equipped as hell
restricting the player in one minute
where am I I'm right on the edge okay
guys I need to gain to stop moving okay
no more out okay press the wrong button
my bad even more a reason to get the
hell out of there guys we need to go run
run run okay I think I'll be fine going
towards his car unless someone else sees
the car and also running towards it in
which case I'm probably gonna die
guys can you hear that it sounds like a
secret package that's coming delivered
from the sky there's the airdrop guys do
you think we should go over to it I'm
gonna risk it guys I'm gonna risk it and
I'm gonna run to the package all right
I'm pretty sure there's gonna be guys
over there and I'm pretty sure I'm not
the only one driving towards it there it
is guys I see the smoke okay guys I mean
to be careful it seems like no one's
attended that airdrop so is it safe
quickly loot it quick oh my goodness
what is it by call oh we got some loot
guys an hour to get the hell out of
there because people might be watching
go go go go go there's another edge up
over there should we go over to that one
too oh my god oh my goodness okay sorry
I had to I had to concentrate okay sorry
but I'm playing it on a monitor and my
phone so I like it's hard to like aim
properly alright guys there was only 15
people left all right
I have no idea what I'm doing honestly I
don't know how I keep on surviving this
long all right guys the barrier is
closing in the 50 seconds okay so we
can't keep staying here we need to go do
we run out and try and kill people or
should we you know try and stay you know
hidden I don't trust anyone guys I'm
staying here until the coast is clear
there's a health pack over there do you
think it's safe to get wait two people
alive does that mean I'm the only one
left alive with some other guy
oh no oh god damn it okay well if he
didn't know where I was now now he
definitely did okay well well wait way
to go Brandon it's closing in it's
cooking cooking in oh no why did I do
that
shit don't do that god damn it now Oh No
where is he where is he where is he
where is he oh there is there is there
is
oh my god that's amazing oh my god I won
my just second game oh my god that was
much intense thing I've ever done
oh my goodness ladies German I can't
believe that I did it I got my very
first chicken dinner oh that was so
amazing
are so intense though Jesus and my heart
was pounding out my chest oh man
aah this game is foursome I actually
prefer on mobile okay I think it's rare
it's much more you know a fun experience
in my opinion all right guys so that was
my pub G video okay at the moment I am
in my hotel room in Malaysia okay but
there is a bunch of stuff I forgot to
mention in my video about pub G mobile
what they have actually done is that
they have added an arcade mode now
arcade mode is a 28 man game just
basically like a shortened down version
of the game so if you want a quick 5 to
10 minute game you could just go play
arcade mode okay and yeah it's a much
more fun quicker experience if you want
something a bit more faster pace they
have also added a training ground mode
alright so if you're not that good at
the game all right you can go and play
the training mode alright and you can
practice on your shooting skills and get
better at the game okay because it does
take a little bit of time to adjust to
them of all controls but I mean you'll
get it like instantly okay if you're
good at shooting games so yeah ladies
gentlemen that is pub tmobile I wanna
get a big THANK YOU to ten cent games
for sponsoring this video okay
I think pub G is great on marble okay it
works really really well and I think
it's definitely worth downloading
alright it is free on iOS Android
definitely try out okay you will not
regret it the game's a direct port from
the PC version okay they are putting out
updates so often okay they have some
anti cheat mechanisms involved alright
so just to make sure everyone has a fun
experience okay you guys need to try it
out alright I love pub G mobile anyway
though I'm having a great time away from
from YouTube and everything in Malaysia
alright logs are coming out soon but
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed the video
and I'll see you there
soon with another video see you later
guys I love you but that
