hey guys it is special selfie now you're
probably wondering Brandon what is this
isn't your usual setup
well mainstreamers mess yourself is
blogging and today probably why are you
in San Francisco and why are you
vlogging well the guys over at Tekken
mobile by the way if you didn't know
Tekken has a mobile game out right now
it's free on iOS Android I would really
really appreciate it if all of you went
and downloaded the game because they
sent me out here just to appear on a
live stream about Tekken marble which is
happening today ok
not when you're watching this vlog
obviously but yeah if you guys follow me
on Twitter and on Instagram okay you
would know all the stuff that's
happening in my life see the cool thing
about YouTube in my life is that I get
so many cool fun opportunities because
of it like last week I went to the
baptists and presented on a gaming award
over there so I got so many fun cool
opportunities but it gets me thinking
like you guys are the reason why I get
to do fun opportunities like this so why
not
take you guys along hello who's at my
door hello yeah yeah do you want to just
take turns sure I sticks up the cameras
okay all right let's see how messy
Brandon's room is on his vlog all right
should we go on his laptop should we
tweet something oh nice watch oh okay
hopefully you won't see this no one no
one tell him okay oh look at this
alright hey guy nothing here's your
camera but oh okay push me onto the bed
huh you got a nice room I thought you
said yours was nice huh yeah is alright
so we're gonna go breakfast now yeah
yeah that's currently money's going out
are we gonna get jelly yep it's gonna oh
oh is that all wait wait what's that
right is that my money wait
no just happy to see you Randall oh but
I could've sworn I have money on that
desk over there honestly and now there's
my pocket this is my money
thank you worried about Sam yeah but I
can't afford it can you pay for me or
what time is it oh hey that kinda looks
like my watch over there wait hangs
agreement Josh can you see if that
what's that in the corner and I'm not
trying to prank your anything I swear
yeah yeah yeah
okay your boy got salad and water for
breakfast trying to maintain that
healthy life so what we're gonna be
doing now is apparently you rent out
scooters in San Francisco so yeah so all
across San Francisco you have like these
scooters which you can just you know if
you download the app you can just pick
it up and ride
who is knocking at my door
sorry made for making the noise but oh
my god you're mugging to shelf guy look
we're both vlogging now playing Tekken
don't worry about me it's not the new
tekken mobile yeah now this game is
great you know this is free on Android
and iOS blah get destroyed game Josh you
ready watch this produce coop I missed
okay okay Oh Josh you owned that guy I'm
really strong you win
what is he gonna do Brenda he's gonna
turn around turn around look at that
yeah we have to be on we have to get on
one of these cable cars at some point
standing in water these wet from looking
at my face too long
all right Josh move your ugly face I'm
trying to look at this spin Oh Oh
spinning I must be on one of these later
I need to be on one of these that's what
I want okay guys so we're done screwing
now so this is the razor store you can't
see me you can't see the razor store but
there's the inside
okay so we're out here now we're gonna
be streaming in this store in like an
hour
oh no the Sun huh all right look they
put us in these cool Tekken polo
t-shirts we look like Tekken
representatives hi there would you like
to buy a Tekken a low low price trailer
it's free okay on what platform on the
link in description iOS and Android Wow
I love it nice mobile team oh that's me
I'm part of my party yeah high-five get
ready for the next batch
so this is where we're going to
certainly setting up the stream this is
where I'll be playing in the tournament
for Tekken okay the strings will be
starting in like an hour now so many
cameras so many lights so many people
but yeah should be fun
they're about to play their last game
now in the finals I actually lost every
single game you know no one would even
let me win around I lost every game he
leave me alone Jenny we're in the loser
fire yeah we were the losers and I even
lost the loser plan no we haven't done
that haven't we there is no loser fine
oh I lost every game okay I'm the loser
okay we are finally back after such a
long day leizerman but I had so much fun
at the Tekken gaming tournament that we
did okay if you guys in voice of
livestream you missed out okay because I
lost like every single game so I yeah
why am I so bad at video games but
regardless I really do think Tekken
mobile is a good game okay and I do
think it's worth you downloading okay
because it's free
alright iOS and Android okay but yeah so
we're done with all the tech and stuff
now for today so now I've got another
day here in San Francisco so I think
we're probably gonna go meat jelly and
swagger man now and probably grab dinner
or something probably sushi okay mess
yourself loves sushi okay look at that
sexy whoa can I have some can I have
something oh it looks so good Allah I
want it I want it Oh
the place benefits great I come back to
my hotel room and Josh must have ordered
a baby crib to my room so when I came in
after this long night there's a baby
crib now in my room oh I don't want this
here Josh what why did you do this good
morning guys I just woke up after a very
long night I am doing a terrible job of
vlogging but I had a great time last
night we went out for sushi it was
amazing okay I'm still feeling pretty
tired from this trip okay because it's
like a nine-hour flight from London to
San Francisco and I'm going back in time
so I'm super jet-lagged but I'm in San
Francisco just for this afternoon
because my flight is this evening so
yeah let's hopefully do some fun stuff
while I'm here still morning Josh good
morning bro can you remember what you
did to my room last night no you don't
remember well when I came back to my
hotel room there was a baby crib in my
room the baby crib that you ordered was
in my room last night
so I had this big baby crib in my room
now you have to see this apparently
this hotel is haunted and the elevator
keeps not stopping on our floor we've
currently visited level three four and
five
no Brandon all right guys come on now
you can stop stop harassing us okay
there we go
what the hell of that yeah it's a dead
body dude dude this place is haunted
we're gonna be trying this elevator this
is spooky oz elevator I'm so scared come
on you could do it come on Josh you're
gonna get us killed
okay one more floor we'll eventually get
to my room why is there a baby cot in my
room okay guys and that's pretty much
the vlog that was my trip in San
Francisco I was only there for three
days so unfortunately I couldn't do any
more vlogging but I just want to give a
big thank you for bandai namco for
sending me all the way to san francisco
just to appear on the tekken mobile
livestream launch event okay it was an
amazing time and they actually had a
really awesome time vlogging like it was
actually a lot of fun and I've been
thinking about it and I actually do want
to start vlogging from time to time I'm
going to Malaysia in a couple of weeks
okay and I was thinking maybe I should
plug that so if this vlog reaches 10,000
likes I will vlog my malaysia trip but
yeah I hope it was cool to see like a
different side of myself in real life
version of myself and yeah let me know
if you wanna see more vlogs
either way though thank you guys so much
for watching and I'll see you in the
next video see you later guys love you
Bob back
