this weird like okay what's up I don't
know I don't know about this angle
either you guys literally just randomly
decided to like pick up the camera and
just talk to you all don't mind me we're
in a heatwave in New York City right now
so I make up this a mess like sweated
half of it off I'm breaking out clearly
like it's just Mercury retrograde don't
mind the unflattering angles we're doing
we're doing the best we can over here
okay we're doing the best we can I don't
know I have like my feet like what is
this like basically what happened since
the last time I uploaded was the maroon
5 video drop and it was really crazy it
was such an incredible experience and
amazing opportunity and it was just so
groundbreaking and personally memorable
and significant for me like I can I can
do like a separate video on what that
experience was like and also the actual
vlog from it which I owe you guys like
but I'll get back to that in a second
basically like after the video dropped
it was like so so so so much love and
celebration and like so many young women
and girls and my dams talking about how
inspiring it was to see someone that
looked like them in a frickin music
video especially with like rune fire you
freaking kidding me like as always with
anything on the Internet
there also was hey you know and I guess
like with each new level is a new amount
of hate and obviously this just so
happens to be like the highest that I
had gotten so far you know cuz obviously
like I had never been in a freakin
maroon 5 music video before so it was
like attracted a lot of attention
it's not gonna lie this is probably like
that was probably the first time in my
life that online hate actually like
affected me you know like I actually
like it brought me to tears I cannot
recall another time in my life that like
negativity from people that I don't even
know really affected me like that you
know it really hurt but you know you
grow thicker skin and just learn to roll
with the punches and keep doing better
and better you know but that happened so
I kind of got a little distracted which
is why the vlog never went up once like
wait I wait on it a little bit um so I
wanna like if if you guys want to see
that footage I will serve it up hot
because I actually like feel really bad
that I never put that to use cos it was
just such Oh like such an amazing
experience so much love but yeah shortly
thereafter like okay clearly um you know
one of my past blogs I was talking about
like where Muslim girls at and stuff and
my life over the past few months has
basically been consumed with Muslim
girls like Future BR trinary its money
right now we're having like all these
different conversations like the
direction that Muslim girl should go in
and stuff there's a lot of really
significant conversations we're taking
place and so I was just getting like
really like there's so much going on at
once there's so many things like tugging
at me and everything and I just I
realized that I needed hit the reset
button for myself you know like I
actually realized that I hadn't been on
a vacation since May 2015 like when
everything started rolling with Muslim
girl you know like I have not been on a
vacation yeah I've been on a lot of
trips obviously but they've literally
almost always been work trips except for
example for like Cuba like a random
weekend trip that I said I take for my
and stuff which I don't even think
counts because it's literally just for a
weekend Jan I'm in but this was like
actual was like I need to disconnect go
off the grid for a little bit you know
and just recenter touch base with myself
focus on my self-care and it was
probably the best thing I could have
done for myself this summer cuz it's
like you get so caught up with the
grinds and the hustle and what you're
trying to accomplish and like goals you
set for yourself sometimes especially if
you're like an entrepreneur or if you're
you know you have like a grind going on
and a lot of times to forget self-care
and it's counterintuitive right that you
should like slow down check in with
yourself and whatever instead of just
like grind grind grind grind grind
hustle hustle hustle hustle hustle
hustle around the clock all the time you
know damien and so like it's actually
better in the long run to have those
check-ins with yourself I'm really lucky
that I have some really great role
models and women that I look up to that
set a really good example of taking care
of themselves and like taking time off
for themselves and you know spending
time with their family doing what they
have to do and it really was it's been
inspiring for me also a learning process
for me is so your girl decided to go mi
a for a little bit so I laid low for
like a month I decided to go to Jordan
so I was like alright this is perfect
like you know like my dad was out there
my little brother was out there for the
first time in years because he had an
internship really cool internship like
he's basically just spending the summer
digging up ruins and artifacts and
fossils and stuff and I'm just like he's
TV the Arab Indiana Jones and I'm saying
when have I ever gotten the chance to
like go to Jordan with my dad and my
brother like it's literally been
forever for me it was it was five years
since lost most in Jordan and first time
in five years seeing relatives and stuff
and oh my god there's like a new
generation of kids like babies whose
names I don't even know yeah I don't
know who they belong to
I'm such a sneaky Medina
sounds like frolicking with the goats
and the horses like everyone eats and
drinks what they grow so we're so cute
just like waving a green thing like
like I deleted all my social media opps
just wanted to like clear some space
some mental space
so my new friends over here are trying
to teach me an Arabic tongue twister
howdy miss miss miss miss miss miss hey
miss miss miss miss miss 'no except i
said it slow oh sure Samir has arrived
I'm here look over your shoulder every
night look over your shoulder I'm trying
to light myself so y'all can see the
situation going on over here we found a
secret waterfall out here brothers that
see and die
yeah we're just living it up boy welcome
to Jordan so don how you feel how's your
blood pressure this morning
so I'm back I've been back for three or
so weeks now and I'm fully charged so
excited like we're basically like
hitting the ground running right now you
know and they're always like projects in
the works that I'm like really excited
about and stuff yeah I just wanted to
like update you guys cuz we hit 26 like
I wasn't even watching and we had 20k
like what make you so happy like a mile
is a youtuber yet what constitutes a
legit at what point do I become
considered legit YouTube status because
like hashtag youtuber problems is like
you know a theme of my life because um
I'm still new around here and I'm saying
so help a sister out basically 20k and
means I owe you all a QA um recently I
actually used like the Instagram
question feature thing for the first
time and I asked you all what you wanted
to know and I actually did not expect
how many questions flooded my inbox that
day so it's just like okay I'm not gonna
like annoy everybody by you doing one of
those like 50 slide Instagram stories
with questions of things that most
people do not care about and instead I
figured I would take those questions
from Instagram and compile them into a
YouTube video because there's like I
haven't done one in a while like
probably been a year and I kind of have
like some different answers to some
things now so yeah and um one thing that
I really want to talk to all about I
don't know I guess like I haven't really
liked smoking about it publicly Herbers
yo uh I'm only AF like you see this like
oh my god New York City hated I cannot
be on the subway with this mugginess
like it's literally like a sauna the
rats and my own sweat I can't do
it and all these so many things that
like I will not I don't complain much
but like come on it's not cool to melt
it off half your makeup before you even
reach my to your destination feel me
girls and boys
I definitely like spoke long enough okay
so yeah keep an eye on the space stuff
is in the works I'm excited and I miss
you all so much like I seriously do
I missed hitting that upload button and
talking to all and stuff but in the
meantime make sure you follow me on
other social media that wasn't even
intended to sound like a plug like dead
eyes you know I'm always on social media
so Instagram Twitter Facebook you know
where to find me and yeah see you all
soon
oh yeah and maybe yeah I'll post like
one more Instagram question story thing
for those who missed it the first time
in case you have some questions that you
want to throw in the mix alright I love
you all so much I missed you and sorry
that I'm a mess today
make sure as always to LIKE comment and
subscribe
stay real stay hustling and stay pop it
