you
which is if you don't taste again chico
videos here they think you stupid you
know Dante
you
hello hello what's up family
so though we're starting couple minutes
late it's Saturday morning so overslept
and I'm just kidding
what's up okay first of all I'll be
honest I was really not expecting anyone
to be up this early on a Saturday let
alone that they would be like jumping on
right now for a live stream so hi to
everyone that's here
okay um apparently there is a delay and
what I say and when it gets broadcast so
disclaimer this is literally the first
time that I ever do alive so I um just
just give me a few for the learning
curve you know I
yes Oh decided to do this because a
bunch of people I like I put up a
question on Instagram for anyone that
would be interested in just kicking it
with me for a fun quick little live and
stuff like that and a bunch of people
said they were so down so I wanted to
find an excuse to spend time with you
all like one on one so or what on how
everybody over here um so yeah wanted to
have some time for us to just
commemorate the International Women's
Day happen this week and that it's
Women's History Month and there's so
much going on I know that I haven't been
uploading regularly and hope to change
that you guys saw that I dropped the
trailer for my creators for Change
series it is a trailer it's a spoken
word video but it serves as a trailer
it's kind of introduce you all to the
concept of my critters for Change
project and that is pretty much done
that's like ready to go and for those
who have been following that is my
project with YouTube and vice that is
you know going into the lives of
incredibly talented people like learn
her a guy from the harmony and Talib
Kweli who's like a living legend and
basically it's going to be really just
diving into their intimate creative
process as creators of color you know
and how they use their art to combat
adversity where they get their
inspiration from where they get their
Drive from and why they do what they do
so I'm really excited to share that with
you all and that's kind of been one of
the reasons why I've been not really
uploading regular videos too much
because I've been so focused on that and
for those of you that are on my social
media you guys obviously see this a lot
going on but I've never off of social
media so I'm not too hard to find but
definitely want to obviously be like
uploading work consistently and stuff
like that so um instead of leaving y'all
hanging and waiting until I you know
shoot I did a video I thought why not do
a YouTube live which is like even better
because then we can all interact with
each other live and stuff so yeah yeah
yes the creators for changed trailer is
the the real threat video it's called
the real threat definitely check it out
I made it the trailer to my channel now
there's
new channel trailer on the way actually
that I've been working on I'm really
excited to share with you all I was kind
of kind of like updated you know the
last channel trailer that I shot was
literally two years ago feels like a
different life time for you guys have
been following me like latest totally
different especially with Muslim girl
calm and all the stuff that I have going
on and stuff like that so I really
wanted that the channel trailer to
reflect that and kind of like the new
content that I'm working on to reflect
that too um but honestly I really want
to hear from you all because I really
don't know what to be posting like what
you all want to hear I know that you all
love Q&A so you can ask me stuff I love
shooting q and A's and I really love
shooting vlogs too those are pretty easy
for me to shoot but I don't know if
those are necessarily as interesting as
or like that you know my subscribers
find them as interesting as some of the
other videos that I do where actually
they talk about a topic so if there's
like topical stuff um definitely let me
know and I'd be happy to like talk about
it oh yeah love you know like what kind
of videos you guys want to see cuz I'm
definitely down I okay
okay actually like can I turn this into
a quick story time like really quick
because I had this really discouraging
experience like a month ago or whatever
that is it kind of like I hate to admit
it that it kind of affected me a little
bit but it did contribute to part of the
reason why I've been like lagging and
taking my time to really just think
about what kind of content I want to
create which by the way interestingly
enough so apparently people on YouTube
shared this study that they had
conducted where they found that female
creators on YouTube are much more like
perfectionist than their male
counterparts so like female creators
spend way more time it takes them way
more time so like actually put a product
out there because they're so like it
needs to be perfect do you submit the
perfect cut the perfect edit like the
perfect content or whatever meanwhile a
lot of like guy craters that to
generalize but a lot of got craters on
this platform I mean you guys can tell
like Loki Logan Paul Jay Paul all those
guys basically just like put out
whatever they shoot like they don't
really stress about it too much that's
what allows them so they upload everyday
like day after day
and so I'm kind of trying to like break
out of that because I'm definitely like
that where I'm like a perfectionist like
I don't want to share anything with you
all unless I feel like it's a hundred
percent like I put my heart and soul
into it but you know you all kind of
check in with me all the time and I mean
that you know you just want to hear from
me and we just wanna like interact and
talk and stuff which means a lot to me
which is why I'm doing this
so um but yeah storytime okay you guys
so something happened like a month ago
and again like this is I hate to admit
that it affected me but can I want to
talk about it because I know this is
something that if that's a lot of people
especially people that are considering
you know like going on YouTube or
starting a channel or just starting
starting any initiative especially on
social media that they're interested in
like even my friend when my friends she
really wants to start an Instagram
account like a fitness account and she's
been stopping herself for this very
reason so I really want to talk about it
because it's a question I get a lot but
basically like a month ago or something
so yeah I've been like experimenting
with the type of like content videos
that I wanted to do and stuff like that
and so a month ago I did a video it was
like kind of one of the first times that
I ever do a video focused on beauty um
you all know that I really love beauty
and makeup and and stuff like that I
don't really talk about it too much it's
not really like the type of content that
I put out there but it is a part of who
I am and I'm definitely interested in it
and stuff so I figured you know a bunch
of people that I'm following on here
might be interested in not too so I
created a video where it was like the
Sun Team Mademoiselle lipsticks you guys
might remember that one it was up for
not even like a week literally maybe
just like a couple of days um it was
really shitty quality so I was at was
during like winter break and her
something like that I was like at home
and I didn't have my equipment so I
ended up taking it down anyway just
because I wasn't feeling the quality of
it but before I took it down I went on
the comments of it I don't know where
like how many views this video got or
whatever but I remember this one comment
that one person left and they're like
stop uploading the views are
embarrassing thing and I just like that
really cut me deep because I feel like
that's the insecurities of a lot of
people you know it's like should I even
put myself out there
like is it gonna be embarrassing because
not gonna get the number it's not gonna
get the views or the likes that I want
or this is gonna like you know look
really crappy or you know not popular
compared to some of the other stuff
that's out there and ever and this is
like actually a fear and anxiety of a
lot of people that prevents them from
getting started this video logging I
shouldn't give it a second unless that's
just me um but yeah so like for example
my friend that I was saying you know she
wants to start an Instagram like fitness
page one of the reasons why she has it
is because this she's just like no
that's gonna be embarrassing only like
10 people are gonna follow me on and you
know I don't want to put myself out
there like that I don't want my friends
to see me and you know make jokes about
me that like whatever um but it's like
that and and honestly I'll be honest
I've been wanting to do YouTube
literally since high school
like maybe even earlier since high
school literally like back in back
probably before like Muslim girl became
a thing you know I still remember I
really wish I could find this video but
I still remember like shooting a video
of myself sitting in front of the rack
of hijabs that I had like behind me in
my bedroom and stuff and like trying to
talk to the camera and whatever but that
video never saw the light of day because
I was always for years afraid of the
same thing like I could have gotten
started on YouTube years ago if I didn't
let that fear and peed on me but I did
and that's the thing it's like every
single person that wants to be
successful that wants to do something
they have to get through that really
awkward and scary beginning part where
it's like you feel like you don't have
the following that you want or not
making that not making them pathway or
that you're seeking or you know might
look bad it might look you know it's
it's hard you know having to like
promote yourself and self like that and
like how will people think but it's like
you have to do it cuz that that's what
separates the people that cross the
finish line from those who never make it
it's because those people still persist
even through all of that
at the end of the day you have to
remember you like when I got that
comment yeah it hurt my feelings oh my
god I'm never posting another beauty
video again ah you know um and I just
goes to show like even a person like
myself who's been doing this stuff
online for years now still gets impacted
by it you know um but that's the thing
you just have to remind yourself what
you're doing this for like this isn't
about numbers I don't think anyone out
here or I mean I listen I mean this
isn't true all cuz you know that there
are people out here they do just for the
numbers but I know that you know people
on my channel don't do it for those
reasons like you guys don't put up with
my rants and my videos and stuff like
that just for your health like it's
because you're passionate about
something because you believe in
something it's because you know this is
it's it's something in your blood you
know especially when you're a creator
it's like you just have to create you
have to put something out there into the
world and that's we have to remember
like what people think and how many
polite get or how people how you will
respond to it that's none of your
business
your only business is what you choose to
put out there the quality of the work
the meaning behind it you know what it
means to you and then everything else is
just gravy you know that's not what this
is about
even though unfortunately in our social
media era that's kind of that's the name
of the game right and literally just
feels like it's a competition of numbers
but we kind of really have to move past
that in my opinion and you guys can tell
me like if you agree if you've been
impacted by those feelings too but I'm
sure like a lot of people unfortunately
feel that way ah thank you guys they're
so sweet and support in the chat I
really appreciate it
that's the thing that's so cool about
starting out teo is like seeing all the
people that support you at the very
beginning because it's like i feel like
this is my tribe you know like the
people that are freaking on a live feed
with me on a Saturday morning and just
like kicking it chilling people are like
commenting my videos every time that I
upload even before it even hits like 100
views and stuff like that like that's
that's my people that's my tribe and
that's why I do this forum so it's
always nice to hear from you all there's
so much love how was everyone's
International Women's Day they don't do
anything special I spent it
making graphics making graphics and
tweeting and meaning meeting people and
definitely talk about what our plans are
from us some women say oh my god that's
another thing I should put on everyone's
radar March 27 is hashtag Muslim Woman's
Day
um I don't know if you guys saw it last
year I mean it I hope you did because I
posted a lot about it on my channel here
but last year was the first day that we
launched it and it's basically the big
it turned into the biggest day in media
of the year for Muslim women basically
in the mainstream we have like a ton of
the most visible digital brands and
partners I'm you like partnered on it
everyone is basically just pledging to
flood the internet on March 27 with
story centering Muslim women celebrating
Muslim women so I'm gonna put some more
videos about that but that's basically
what I've been like working on a lot of
March
yay Fatima thank you I'm excited that
with some Women's Day - it seems so much
fun um and it for anyone that had you
know if you're a writer for example and
you have pitches that you want us to you
know send on your behalf to some of our
partners and get placed in these media
platforms definitely shoot me an email
so open to that well you guys these
messages is so silly Sheena okay I just
gotta give a special shout-out to Sheena
Sheena is my girl I see her in the chat
group right now like Sheena is my
ride-or-die every time I post like an
upload or I tweet about YouTube or
something like that like for feedback
Gina's always got my back yo she's
always the first to respond
she's hashtag early gank for life like I
really appreciate it I mean so much to
me that's I was just like you know what
like honestly literally this morning was
like going live I was like I'm gonna see
my girl scheana this morning like I know
she's gonna be on there I know we're
gonna get a chance to like chat and
stuff like that so that like honestly
means a lot to me thanks girl I always
love hearing from you yeah that's so
true what Stephanie said that you have
to like move past the negative stuff and
do it for yourself to make a difference
it's literally the name of the game
right like especially especially when
you're a person of color and like
everything that you're up against it's
kind of like you have
love what you do and you're doing it
because you are freaking passionate
about it because a hundred percent
chance that you will be hitting
negativity along the way um
Muslim need a we don't have Muslim media
this is Muslim woman today you know cuz
like think about it right like you don't
really have like Christian day well I
guess it's Christmas I guess Muslim days
are you know but like Muslim woman's
days basically like we made it up with
some women because most women's voices
are always the ones getting left out of
the conversation and it's really
important for us to really like uplift
the voices are getting drowned out you
know so it's with some women say well I
read those a source just as special but
you know you guys can find today thanks
Ruby yeah I love you too you're a bomb
too but don't use that word too loose
too loosely on this channel and I'm just
kidding um
Nissa Dean asked what my origins are my
mother is Palestinian she's a
Palestinian refugee and my dad is
Jordanian he's retained immigrant my mom
she I mean she became displaced from
Palestine with her and her family back
in 1948 so she's been living in the
States literally since she was a little
girl um but my dad is an immigrant he
immigrated here like in the eighties
I'd like the curl going on like leather
jackets he came here with only like you
know dollars in his pocket and he got
scammed out of like $200 of them are it
ever before he even left the cab from
the airport what times weird about it
more in the Muslim girl book plug okay
it's vlogging on a thing now because
seriously it like what I've jumped on
YouTube like a year ago it was around
the holiday time I remember saying like
while it rose and vlog was I'm gonna do
flog it odd and I didn't see it as a
thing like I remember searching but I
guess people talk about vlogging I'm
like it's a thing I mean I'm down Thanks
like my eyebrows they're uh very hard to
tame this is literally like comb down
with a ton of gel to keep them in place
because you know you know how it be
being Arab used it these days just like
otherwise um seriously though guys like
I want to hear I want to hear some
suggestions of content that you want to
see you should I should I do more
content on women's representation for
example or on diverse representation um
do you want to see more vlogs would that
be interesting um I have a Q&A with like
entrepreneurial questions and the works
what's coming up soon troller um I got a
ton of questions from you all on
Instagram and you can still like I'll
probably do like one more fallout before
I go live with like any khones and stuff
but let me know what you think and also
feel free to ask me any questions cuz
I'm overdue for a Q&A so that was kind
of like one of the reasons why I want to
do this just we can have like one-on-one
time and I can talk to you alive and
stuff like that should do more story
times by the way amir the amir that's in
the track group right now that's my
little brother
that's my infamous little brother that
appears in my vlogs and like wrecks
seriously um it's really annoying and
now he's he's invading my face of my uh
youtube live other thing is what sucks
about Amir is the old my friends who
become friends with Amir end up liking
Amir more than me literally someone I
went to college with is moving in with
Amir in his apartment now so I don't
want to lose any more people to him but
I guess so go ahead I'm Yours channel if
you want and subscribe to him because
it's like really funny okay alright yeah
and I get it that you all love him
you're thanks thanks for minding it
seriously like an ongoing sibling
rivalry like I don't care that I'm 25
years old like get out of my space
someone was commenting on like someone
left a comment somewhere one time I was
like I'm Aires gonna surpass you on
YouTube when he gets on it I'm just like
I know like I know he even my subscribe
my own subscribers are asking
he's gonna make YouTube channel and like
how they can like watch where his videos
so whatever
yes I'm freaking dragon younger um by
the way Leon thank you for the
suggestions I should do more story times
oh my god
I actually thought of a story time
yesterday that literally just like
resurrected itself from my memories
while I was talking to one of my friends
um basically there's like this you guys
don't like Arab etiquette like you know
when it's like you know no no I got this
I got that's really no Milani I'm gonna
pay for this no you won't I'm gonna on
my mother's life I'm gonna pay for it
there was a situation in which I was
like in that interaction and then and it
was like a really expensive thing but
like you know gotta say faces never I
was no no no I got this in which I did
one more no no I got this expecting them
to do one more no no wallahi I got this
and then they didn't and then I was
slammed with the thing that I had to
pick up the top 4 okay anyway I should
get into more details about that I was
seeing like to get straight oh and a
cute about video about writing my book
that's a really good one good good good
idea yeah I'm gonna write that down
actually I think cuz actually I'm sure a
lot of you aren't arresting like writing
or like getting books published and
stuff like that so I'm sure there are
some questions I can answer about that
um test meme asked what grade did I
start wearing the hijab I started
wearing it I don't know if it counts as
a grade so like I when I was 13 years
old my parents decided to try to fulfill
the immigrant dream you know like how
all immigrants dream of like returning
returning home one day like to their
motherland like to their home country
and stuff yeah my dad actually acted
upon that this night it's like uproot my
entire family like from Jersey were born
and raised and take us to the Middle
East um and at that time like that was I
didn't wear a hijab at that time
obviously I was really young but um at
that time I was so alienated by
Islamophobia that I started hiding the
fact that I was Muslim like I was fair
yeah really you know just marginalize
everything I was hearing in the news
almost terrorists and almost are bad
people and they're Outsiders and you
know they don't belong here and stuff
like that I only went to the Middle East
though is my first time really getting
introduced to like Islam and the Muslim
people from those who practice it
I learned learned about like you know my
religions history and my cultures
history and my background and stuff and
I ended up seriously falling in love
with who I was and you know where it
came from and so I decided while I was
in Jordan I was like you know I want to
wear this hijab on my head I want to
adopt it as a marker that I belong to
this incredible people and I'm proud of
it and you know this identity that
Islamophobia was kind of forcing me to
shun my entire life I wanted to reclaim
it and I figured that putting this very
visible marker on my head would be like
my public defiance in the sama phobia
and so I started wearing it and then
when I was like 14 like 13 14 years old
I was that age at that time so when I
got back to the States
I was just about to enter high school
basically as I started winning up and I
loved it I acted honestly changed me as
a person I reserved ever since I started
wearing it but it's literally not about
the scarf is the thing like I feel like
this was a tool to help me evolve into
the person that was meant to become um
but I don't credit just this piece of
fabric for that because it's really not
about the outside stuff it's about like
a job is a concept about what's going on
inside of you it's like the principle of
modesty and I think the outside modesty
is like literally you know when it it's
it's equally as important it's like the
inner butt or like maybe not equally but
it's like kind of uh just like the
public marker of that observance but
it's not it's not the entire package at
all
um Revilla Abbasi ask do you know
thoughts about us and girl I know so
many thoughts in Abbas news you gotta
get more specific oh my god who what
school would they not let you wear the
hijab ever test that sounds horrible
that I don't think that's okay
what's cool is that I'm really curious
um the hora hats yeah like at least
someone asks about that because we've
been working on this loci for a while so
the hora hats are supposed to come on
during the holiday season our partner
for the huts last minute dropped out on
us so we're like basically trying to
figure that like all those logistics out
and hamdullah we got it all figured out
to drop this women's history month which
is like perfect timing and possibly even
better than having haven't have dropped
it during the holiday season because
it's like it's commemorative they are
feminist sayings on the hat so just like
it matches up so well and also we're
planning a relaunch of muslim girl calm
website so keep an eye on that it's
gonna be a lot of fun um come to
Barcelona girl I've been to Barcelona I
was there last summer and it looked like
I had JIT that and love I I don't know
if it's for those that were kind of like
on this livestream at the beginning when
I was just like cleaning music but what
if my Spanish songs almost came on that
like I had picked up when I was in Spain
like I met a bunch of like Spanish youth
out there that just like filled me in on
all the like pop culture and like the
cool jams it runs into and stuff and
it's like literally I listened to it
non-stop now I have an entire playlist
on my Spotify just for Spanish music hey
look Barcelona I can't wait to go back
one day the most embarrassing thing to
ever happen to me oh my gosh um there's
so many problem okay okay should I go
there should I go there on the
livestream or I'll be honest this is
probably like when you said that one
incident came up in my head that is
probably singularly the worst
predicament like the most embarrassing
predicament that I found myself and to
date I don't wanna jinx myself but like
just fundamentally a shitty situation to
be in
basically there is this one day where I
was taking
so like to communicate on a sliver New
Jerseyan so it's not even a one hour bus
ride from you know where where you still
have in Jersey into New York so it would
just it would be like 50 minutes took
the bus instead of the Train on this
particular day it was literally smack
dab middle of rush hour like on a Monday
morning like be worse at like a a.m. or
something right get caught in rush-hour
traffic
that lasted I kid you not at least two
hours we went from 50 minutes to at
least two hours in rush hour I mean I'm
sure that you know many of you could
believe that especially those are like
from the West Coast like holy ish the
traffic out there is ridiculous but yeah
like imagine you're Catholic right
bumper to bumper and I'm sitting on this
bus and you're a girl hot to go to the
bathroom I can't believe it like seeing
this on a live stream right now you're
gonna have to go to a bathroom and so
like we were stuck bumper-to-bumper in
between two exits like on the Turnpike
or like whatever between the two states
right so it's like there was no refuge
in sight there was absolutely no there's
no rest stop to take an exit on there
was there's obviously no bathroom on
this bus cuz this bus was meant for
short trips literally wasn't even take
an hour to get into New York City
um we were not moving who would creep it
like several centimeters like every like
every quarter of an hour or something
was like really horrible and I was stuck
on a bus full of people like I'm talking
people standing up people like we're and
I there's no easy way to say this ended
up pissing myself on the bus yeah good
times
it was really bad you guys like thank
God I was wearing like black pants or
whatever but it ended up pissing myself
on the bus like I had no I had no out
like it was bad and I'm just like I'm
literally stunned that like no one
noticed like I guess it just like was a
minimal amount stayed contained in my
pants
or like all my parents but like I don't
know how no one like I took my jacket
when it when everyone was getting up
waited until everyone's like back to
back to back in the lines like get off
the bus and then I quickly got up wrap
my jacket around my waist I'm just like
bolted is that like hashtag relatable or
is that hashtag like what the f you
doing with your life oh my god I'm over
here busy giving an embarrassing a
storytime and my little mother's
exposing me in the cha like seriously
guys don't encourage this behavior um my
prom pics are they don't exist in you I
honestly have no idea what happened to
my prom pics like when I was in college
I deleted my old Facebook profile made a
new one thank God because you know how
like people resurrect your old ass
embarrassing photos yeah my prompt had
sort of been the same so like imagine me
conservative ass Muslim girl that wasn't
even expecting to go to prom that year
and they're like last-minute decides
like muster up the courage like no I
deserve to go to prom too and also that
being like the awkward years better know
how the hell to wear my hijab in a way
that didn't look like a tomato or wasn't
like falling off my face or whatever
trying to put together a prom outfit
with a hijab last-minute finding a
friend group to go like I don't have
friends in high school finding people
that will take me in um into like their
limo so that we can end like going to
take prom photos at this at like the
head girls like house beforehand again
most conservative Muslim girl I was the
only one they didn't have a date so it
was everyone's lined up against the
limousine literally like prom poses you
know and it's just like me like my
single ass just like and
I was wearing a bright ass purple prom
dress I literally just look like a grape
like not even a great like an eggplant
because I'm so tall and like chunky just
like not a good time
hi Leanne um sorry for Miss Francine
your name but that's so I don't know
that you were a librarian I see on my
social all the time
I love librarians seriously like grew up
in library mean um you're both grew up
in a library and shout out to a guy like
selfish boy over here at the Muslim girl
book just landed on a really important
list of feminist reads it's gonna be
available to basically all public
libraries in the country which is really
exciting alongside like to me Wanda's
latest title term really proud of to
seem you can get as many as many
shoutouts to see one girl
I'm here I did not wear gloves to prom
okay
stop now we're just making things up and
making look even more embarrassing no
I'm a story time when I curved an NBA
player
I had never named names you know so I
don't want it I don't want to make it
like too obvious if I were to tell us
really close I guess I guess it wouldn't
be Amira stop stop trying to poach
Sheena from you - she don't subscribe to
it know what I'm eating Sheena god damn
it's already happening
wait so well how is everyone spending
their Saturday like their weekend you
guys have any cool plans going on um
next week I'm going to be heading out
South by Southwest if any of y'all will
be out there doesn't be a lot of fun I'm
giving a panel with the United Stated
woman and some really really amazing
women so here in Austin Texas it assists
up
like a conservative part of Rhode Island
with a school that wants to sign
paperwork to wear hijab I'm pretty sure
that's like an encroachment on your like
right to practice your religion
honestly like I think that maybe you
should talk to someone I would encourage
you to reach out to your local care
chapter lead counsel of American Islamic
relations and let them know what's going
on because that sounds like it's a way
to discourage or intimidate young Muslim
girls from wearing hijab to school and
that's not right uh Sarah asked am I
going to be at Rutgers girl do you look
II do are you in the know cuz I actually
I'm gonna be a representing you really
soon I am going to be speaking here
actually pull up my calendar and see I'm
really excited about that I always love
being back in the old stomping grounds
for those guys that don't know I went to
school at Rutgers
Sunday March 25th Sunday March 27 to to
5:30 and I think it's going to be on
cluck but I could be wrong I need to put
some more details as we get closer to
the date but I can't wait to go I'm
getting the vibrant and Muslim of the
Year award the organization they're
obviously means a lot to me coming from
my alma mater Emmy goes to Rutgers now
too so he's in a chat like Oh WTF you're
gonna be on my turf little brother
that's my tur like don't don't embarrass
yourself like my lower brother's
basically followed my ass truckers but
the originals right here what what em er
what do you mean you're throwing your
first house party on March 31st you're
not allowed to throw house parties what
the hell what do you mean you're
throwing a house party what the do I
have like older sibling privileges like
override this I'm cancelling your house
party - Steve shouts - my girl to sneem
and sake yo like I said you can get as
many shots as you want girl shouts
shouts shouts what up - scheme I love
that name by the way
I'm here what do you mean you invited 70
people to your small ass apartment like
no cancel that like what what are they
coming to do in your apartment like
Haram Haram no that some people's gonna
turn it's like 700 at Rutgers it's a
party school like you know oh my god
guys don't encourage him here speaking
here please oh that's good really good
um no I'm a
I don't care who gets mad at you for you
wearing your hijab that's your decision
um that sucks like that you know you
you're a convert and your your family is
not understanding about that and you're
placing this position um again you
should not that's not an acceptable
position for you to be placed in the
first place again like it's it's like
they're trying to make roadblocks to
prevent you from wearing the hijab in
school and that's unconstitutional
that's literally against the law and
your school could actually get into a
lot of trouble for doing that so I
really think you should reach out to
your local care chapter or like send me
an email if you need help connecting
with anybody because that's like
unacceptable that really pisses me off
my name my email is a Manny at Muslim
girl comm it's really easy okay your
contact with a silly girl girl yo my
followers are locate us they don't they
don't take don't take from
nobody Sheena you do crisis text line
that's amazing thank you for doing that
well good caught Leon's gonna see
wrinkle in time this weekend good call I
really need to see that it took me until
last week to finally see black aunt
there oh my and it's like because I was
so I was like I'm not gonna miss this
wave where everyone's like hashtag
Wakanda forever like I would be part of
this so when I saw it last week um I was
it was exception like honestly filled me
so much pride just like the deepness of
it captivated me like the symbolism
behind everything was really incredible
okay all right I'm not gonna spoil went
there Sarah good call and transferring
to Rutgers is where it's at
Rabia the event is gonna be at Rutgers
University I don't know which campus yet
but I will be making the information
publicly available as we get closer to
it you know I'll be posting about that
Minister you ever something like
also this needs to be updated but most
of the time amounting to NYC has all the
events that I have going on you have
like a calendar on that so check that
out yes I went to Rutgers I graduated in
2014 that was the golden year the year
after that year because we asked up
on campus like us and our activist
friends the following year they called
they serve rebranding records as
revolutionary Rutgers even though they
hated they hated our activist asses
while we're there like the
administration that was there at the
time but now now we got invites back to
Rutgers for our awards for the work that
we do so
plenty how time works right I double
majored in political science and Middle
Eastern Studies a double minored in
international relations and Women's and
Gender Studies and I had certificates in
women's leadership and international
politics the terms
oh my god Stephanie Gonzalez Coco was so
good it's seriously like I'm such a huge
fan of movies a representation like that
even for myself watching that movie I
learned so much about Mexican culture
and I was just like this is what we need
we're just only to like get each other
more you know I love it
those are really good movie just in and
of itself is amazing books that I'm
reading yes I'm looking at a book
they're meeting right now it's called
the power by Naomi Adam Alderman um and
it's a book basically in about a society
in which all women discover that they
have this like hidden power where they
can basically like kill any man um yeah
don't judge it's a writ like I just
started getting into it but it came
highly recommended to me so I'm really
excited about I'm really just diving
into it
so yeah the power um
Muslim girl coming of age is a good one
just biggie or Tupac you can do that to
me you can't place me in that position
um but I mean like biggie freely you
know what up Brooklyn
I need to come back to Virginia I have
been well I used to live in DC like
right outside of Virginia um I haven't
had any major events there actually now
that I think about it no I don't listen
to Kate to kpop sadly I know that's like
a huge thing right now or it's been four
years now but I never really got into it
I have a bunch of friends that did
though my favorite song to dance to for
the past year has been des cocido hugger
press that probably has something to do
with that trip that I took to Spain just
like being in Spain wend Esposito's like
the top song internationally and just
like being you know out when the song
drops and just seeing everybody come
alive I just it does something to me but
my current favorite song I played it
actually while we're all waiting earlier
during this live stream it's X by
Kendrick it's actually from the block
down third soundtrack I love that song
you know what I realized also because I
stuck at YouTube I forgot to notify
everybody that I went live yeah but
thanks to everyone on here that got the
memo um yeah of course I've heard of
God's plan by Drake that one's
definitely or my current playlist as
well oh that's another thing if I made
my playlist on Spotify public would you
guys swallow them make sure you do that
because my number one top app is Spotify
and have so many songs on there and
people are always asking me about like
certain songs that I play and stuff so
maybe that would be fun on make friends
I would connect with you all and Spotify
music is the universal language after
all
okay so I'm probably gonna wrap up you
can start wrapping up this live stream
because we've we've been going at it for
almost an hour now um but this is so
much fun this is definitely encouraging
for me to do this more I love talking to
you all I will definitely do more story
times I mean I'm probably after I close
this live down I'm probably gonna change
the title of it to like the most
embarrassing thing that ever happened to
me because I don't think I'm ever gonna
talk about this I hate really um but
yeah like before before I wrap up I'm
just gonna take like the last few
questions
and hear from anything that y'all want
to say before we go or like to myself or
to anyone in the chat like my little
brother
he's freaking all up in there um oh yeah
should I be doing I said like do this
regularly right cuz I'm having a lot of
fun right now like we should all just
like have a chat like this and I'm sure
a bunch of you know people subscribe to
my channel love to meet each other -
because we're all like-minded
individuals here that love my passionate
about some more things my go-to
self-care so this is one thing that I
learned back when I started trying to
take self-care more seriously like I
used to be the type to be like oh I
don't need self-care I'm a strong
independent woman like I can keep going
forever like I don't need to take care
of myself and stuff like that
but um one thing that I learned is first
of all you need self-care because you
can't give on two percent of yourself
unless you're at a hundred percent
yourself and also that everyone kind of
requires different types of self-care
for their own needs right so like for me
for example your girl's a Taurus - at
ease so like you know I love being
strong like that one of the things about
me is I love having my senses flooded
like I love being surrounded by things
that smell good and look good sound good
in stuff like that so for me self-care
usually always involves like lighting up
some incense or a couple candles are you
know like playing some music
or you're just literally budging out on
Netflix or something with something
playing in the background
um pampering myself you know whether
it's like going to get a manicure a
pedicure or even just like putting on
makeup even going I'm not going anywhere
I'm a lot of times like makes me feel
better it's just like taking time for
yourself
oh yeah and honestly one of my biggest
forms of self-care do my nails like I
usually always paint my own nails a lot
like sometimes all got I I get manicures
like way less frequently now what I love
painting my nails when I was in college
I would paint like I painted them so
frequently that each class my classmate
to see me with a different color no nail
polish on and that's just because the
ritual event is just so soothing to me
like just you know removing the nail
polish shaping up your nails putting new
nail polish on and stuff like that it's
just something to take your mind off
things you know and just donate for a
little bit so I love doing that and yes
I do pray with nail polish on I know
that there are some people that believe
that nail polish creates a barrier on
your nails from ablution firm like from
I mean from ablution water before you
pray I'm not one of those people I don't
think that a nail polish barrier is
enough to invalidate you will do them I
talk about this a lot it looked
literally there's a whole chapter and
the Muslim girl booking which I talked
about this but basically like would do
is a spiritual ritual not a physical one
like yes plenty list cleanliness is
obviously an important aspect to
preparing for prayer but more
importantly the whole point of ablutions
is to clear your mind and center your
accenture your soul basically
inspiration for Salah that's why it's
okay for us to perform ablutions with
sand when water isn't available it's not
about the cleanliness it's about the
ritual of it and wearing nail polish
doesn't take away from that and that's
my opinion of course people are free to
disagree with me but I'm also the type
that believes that you know we shouldn't
just take everything that we hear from
like sheiks and scholars that the
thought was that that it that you know
people just very popularly follow
because a lot of times yeah they are
made by people who are the most
privileged in society you know like no
members of society who are affluent
enough to like go to school to get a
certificate in jurisprudence and stuff
and who are obviously very far removed
from the daily struggles and lifestyles
of Muslim women in today's modern
society and if some is always supposed
to make your life easier not difficult
it shouldn't be hard on you
it should just it should be like an
instruction manual for what's best for
your soul and so yeah that's my little
about you can read more about it in the
Muslim girl book - Eva thanks for
joining us from Perth girl I went to
Australia for the first time last year
like in September I fell in love you
guys lost trillion Sun it's golden hour
every hour in Australia I was taking so
many selfies I was putting on looking
out there um you're asking if he should
eat or go to the gym and I will let you
all decide that from your faith but for
now I hate to do this but I think gonna
draw this live stream to clothes thank
you everyone so much that hung out with
me this morning like on a Saturday
morning like so many people came on
board I was not expecting that
um you're all my people like this is
literally my squad and we're definitely
to be doing this more often keep an eye
out definitely make it a goal to make
this a regular like feature on the
channel and stuff and yeah I will be
posting another call-out for questions
for the entrepreneurial QA things like
if you do want to start a business or
you you don't know how to get started
things like that but yeah again thank
you all so much for joining keep an eye
out from a some women stand watch 27 and
make sure you follow me on all my other
social media keep to keep up to date was
like what's going on um and keep an eye
out for the craters for change video
series that is dropping on this channel
very very shortly and some other cool
stuff that I have in the works real love
you all shout out to rush out to Natasha
shout out till the end just need one
more time and Saira and Sheena of course
and amethyst and Osiris and Khadija and
I guessed shout out to my little brother
Amir for coming in and hijacking the
frickin shot on my first live ever I
love you all so much
and yeah see you all back on other
social media stuff love you stay real
stay hustling and stay open
