this just happened to me like two weeks
ago so I need to talk about it because
I'm actually still in disbelief that out
of everybody on earth out of all the
places at the exact moments that I could
have possibly been this just so happened
to have happened to me you can already
guessed by the title so this all
happened to begin one Saturday night
when your girl was minding her business
I don't know what the hell I was doing
probably binge watching some Netflix
show and then I get a text it's from my
friend Abdul and he's like yo I'm going
to this party that just so happens to be
a few blocks away from where you live in
Brooklyn and I'm coming to pick you up
in 20 minutes be ready I mean come on
you all know the drill when it comes to
like social interactions I have to be
mentally prepared you know Damien like I
have to be ready to go interact with
other human beings especially ones I
don't necessarily know especially if my
ass is all warm and cozy in my bed
bonding with the are you still there
Netflix dialog box we've all been there
I pride myself on being an extrovert I
guess but it's like I need to recharge
was that an obligation I'm gonna be a
loner I'm gonna be completely off the
grid no one's gonna hear or see me but
you know I've been trying to break out
of my comfort zone I guess when it comes
to social situations only because I
realized recently that I really am
becoming like a social outcast again
like if I don't need to I will not be
hanging out unless it's a really awesome
hang out sesh you know plus I haven't
seen my boy Abdul in a while that's my
best friend right there so I was like
you know what and he's like in Brooklyn
there's literally no excuse for me to
roll on out of bed and I guess put some
makeup on and get ready and whatnot
little did I know foreshadowing 20
minutes later Abdul is rolled up at my
apartment and is picking me up so that
we can go oh
this man roommates cup oh you're gonna
get four hairs all over me and I'm
actually going out after this video so
for anybody that knows anything about
New York City and parking around here
you never know what's legal parking and
what's not legal parking the cops around
here are like vultures when it comes to
you effing up sometimes it's so crowded
especially on some streets in Brooklyn
where it's like you have to literally go
around several block end up walking so
far away whatever it's just it's a
headache so Abdul decided to park his
car somewhere conveniently I forgot
where or whatever and then since the
party is so close that we would just
walk over there together I was like all
right sounds good to me I go downstairs
and we embark on our journey basically
everybody knows that New York City
subway is you know underground most of
the trains are but there are some trains
that are above the ground and are
basically like on bridges above streets
it's a very dense city so we tend to try
to fit transportation wherever we
possibly can and all the premises cracks
whatever you know so this area where the
party was happening the closest train /
subway station wherever is like that
it's above the ground so we're walking
and it's like a 10 15 minute walk Abdul
and I are just like enthralled in a
conversation what were we talking about
you know I can't even remember what we
were talking about and I think that what
transpired probably has something to do
with that I probably lost a part of my
memory I have no freaking clue what
happened
I still haven't taken inventory on the
damages so we're like walking walking
walking and here we are we're crossing
the street we got to this intersection
where it's like you know when there's
like a fork and like the street diverges
and then there's like an island in the
middle it's like made out of cement
whatever you get the picture we're like
crossing the street in the middle of
that V that intersections we can walk on
the island and at this point we're just
like catching up whatever having regular
conversation and then we start crossing
the street you know very normal very
unaware Barry so i remember
as we're crossing the street it's
literally so crazy that like this was
this happened the way that it did cuz
like I honestly am not sure if Abdul
would have believed me otherwise if like
if it didn't transpire in this way but
anyway as we're crossing the street I
literally start saying something right
we're literally directly underneath the
train tracks like they are parallel to
us or walking like that and the tracks
start rumbling because a train is coming
it's important to know that it was white
outside on this night so it looks like
it had just rained or something so there
are puddles everywhere and of course
it's like really loud and Abdul's like
still talking whenever as the train is
coming I didn't make the correlation
that was like because of the trainer and
ever but I start feeling like really
intense pressure in my ears kind of hurt
all of a sudden kind of like you're
underwater you know I only noticed
because I felt like a pop in my ear kind
of like when you're on an airplane and
the airplane starts taking off or it
starts landing or whatever and you can
like feel that air pressure in this
moment as we're crossing the street I
remember I started telling Abdul but it
was like so loud I started telling him
you know I'm feeling pressure in my ears
like it feels to come in an airplane or
something you know and I start saying
this to him and I don't think he hears
me because you know the trains aren't
going fast he was like what I was like
my ears and then all of a sudden it
happened I get shocked like electricity
I have no idea how or where it came from
I can't even explain it it's like I kind
of didn't even realize in the moment
that it was happening to me but it hurt
you know I mean like it was just I felt
something super intense in between my
ears like like right here it was so
crazy because I was carrying a purse
kind of like this like you know I had a
metal chain on it and it started
sparking the metal chain on my shoulder
was like you can hear like a clacking
you know like it was how do I explain
the sound it was like like something
like hit like metal hitting you know day
man like it was just like a clamoring I
saw like sparks but I didn't realize
they're really coming from me
I didn't realize what was happening that
you happened so fast like in a split
second like literally a split second I
feel like if it lasted longer than that
I probably would have been dead or
something I literally could not
understand what had happened like I had
like stop for a sec and I was just like
Abdul did you hear that
and it was like yeah I did I was like
Abdul that came from my purse chain like
I think I just got electrocuted
I think Abdullah was trying to keep me
from like freaking out by like
downplaying it a little bit he's like
okay okay let's go let's go like it's
fine
but it's like when that when your body
experiences that's not just something
keep keep like walking and like pretend
like everything's like normal okay it
has like pause for a second trying to
register it what just happened
trying to literally like take inventory
myself like you know I mean like am i
okay and I remember in that moment I
literally was checking my body I
realized like the shock that my body was
just puttin god forbid anything bad
happened but it was just like whoa I
felt it in my membrane you know and
Abdul like made a joke about it and he
was just like they'll pay so much money
to get the kind of treatment so you just
got it for free I guess there's like
electrocution treatment that people get
these days I have no idea I just felt
weird I don't understand what happened
don't ask me how or what it was I was
trying to understand what I had just
experienced and I was like Abdul um was
that possible like did I just get
electrocuted through the air from like
the railing of the train tracks or
something and I don't know how he knows
this but a girl said yeah like that
happens sometimes so I don't know if
that that does happen sometimes I don't
know if that's the case like can
electrical currents travel through air
like that was I somehow and like the
cross hairs of some it's wild to me to
imagine that electricity can do that and
I guess because it was moist out maybe
the humidity in the air the water that
we're walking in something but it's like
that literally could kill a person
that's something that you can sue the
city for that's not supposed to happen
that's a huge glitch on their part like
why why can a person get electrocuted by
walking underneath the train track so
Abdul and I kept walking I fell
annoying that I kept on like bringing it
up I couldn't not cuz it was like I was
still working through it mentally we get
to the party and I kind of was just like
in a daze almost and while I was at the
party I could still feel it I literally
had the worst headache and it was like
in the back of my head where I felt that
shock happened I brought her up with a
dual again and I was just like yo um I
feel like my head is killing me
and you know it's like um well if you
keep thinking about it then yeah so I
don't really know I still don't have the
answers I don't know what transpired I
don't know if it like asked me up or not
but that had literally never happened to
me before it did not feel good it was
not fun it was really fascinating was
interesting just like feeling that
sensation that phenomenon or whatever
but like it hurt I can't even imagine
what like a Taser would feel like or
something nor do I want to find out I
have no idea why that happened to me but
I'm glad it did and not somebody else
like God forbid a child or something or
I don't know but I'm not gonna lie I'm
like terrified of walking under train
tracks now I literally avoid that
because I'm not trying to get shocked
again like so that's a wrap from me see
you next Saturday with another video as
always make sure to LIKE comment and
subscribe a real day hustling and stay
puppet
