okay this is the secret that I literally
was told I was not allowed to speak
about at all my publicist told me I
couldn't talk about it my publisher told
me I couldn't talk about it my editor
what's up family miss me I have some
explaining to do I've been kind of a my
a bi kind of Schumann's really am ia you
don't ask me where I've been if you
follow me on my other social media you
will know exactly where I have been and
I actually have an update slash
announcement about that that I'll save
until the end of the video because
what's YouTube without some teasers in
my right and do you thought I lost the
hang of this ha today is the first
birthday of my baby it's been one whole
year since I didn't even realize that
you know like I totally left my mind
things have been so hectic and you want
to know something that's really
interesting today October 18th 2017
exactly one year after the Muslim girl
book was published is the day that
Donald Trump plans to enact his third
tenem 1 2 3 attempt at banning Muslims
from the United States of America
spoiler alert and for the third time he
failed it's kind of crazy to think about
how much the world has changed in the
past 12 months and honestly how much
I've changed so let's cut to the chase
on this day I'm going to share five
secrets about the Muslim girl book that
I have never told anybody before
actually maybe like one of the things on
this list I mentioned an interview but
the rest has been kind of like off
limits but it's been a year to know so
like why not I'm alright yeah of course
I'm right I'm always right so let's dive
right into it number one we finalized
the cover one hour before it went to
print I'm talking an hour before it was
sent off like about to start becoming a
book it was crazy
I'm going to try to find the first
version of the cover that I wanted if I
do I'll put it right this is what I
wanted because I
always wore those like wire chokers when
I was a little girl and I was in
elementary school oh gee 90s baby thank
you very much I love the nostalgia of it
I loved that it looked like a yearbook
photo because that's the very first
chapter of the book it's about my
recollection of 9/11 and how it happened
on my yearbook photo day when I was in
fourth grade but my publishers rejected
it they said that it skewed the age
group you know people would see it they
would think that it's like a young adult
novel or for little kids or something
instead of a grown-ass feminist
manifesto you know all right
next number two this might come as a
huge surprise to people but actually
never wanted the book to be called
Muslim girl my first title that I was
really I had my heart set on it I loved
it so much was balm period literally
balm all lowercase with a period and I
wanted it to be called that because you
already know I'd be dropping them
knowledge bombs son I wanted it to be
symbolic like this book is a bomb and
everything you thought you knew I wanted
it to be a play on words like this book
is the bomb which is also something that
I touch upon in the book the fact that a
lot of Muslim youth after 9/11 started
self-policing to not use slang words
like bomb you know like there became a
cut-off period where I could no longer
say stuff like yo I bombed that exam
without like unsettling everyone around
me and that shouldn't be the case solely
because I'm wearing scarf on my head or
solely because I'm Muslim which takes me
to the biggest reason why I wanted it to
be called bomb which is that I wanted
the title of this book to be my
reclamation of that word I wanted to
take back this word that was used to
politicize my people for so long but of
course my publishers rejected it
for obvious reasons okay this is the
secret that I literally was told I was
not allowed to speak about at all my
publicist told me I couldn't talk about
it my publisher told me I couldn't talk
about it my editor my Asian everybody
was like you cannot say anything about
this don't bring it up in the media
don't bring it up in the press just
don't and that
secret is this Muslim girl a coming of
age was a crash book what that means is
that it's a book that was rushed from
start to finish and the reason why was
because we wanted to get it out right
before the elections as I have said in
so many interviews about this book it
was definitely in my Hail Mary pass
right before Trump got elected it was
like my last plea to the American public
to please do not let this happen because
this is how it affected me I already
lived through this this is what other
Muslim children are going to have to be
subjected to this is how we're still
suffering from it and just like everyone
everyone just chill first that just read
this and calm down for a sec so in order
to make that happen in order for the
book to be out in time for the elections
basically what that meant was the
process of creating a book which usually
takes years from book proposal to
writing the manuscript to the entire
editing process to the research to going
through selecting the cover and this and
then this entire process that usually
spans over a period of years was
suddenly condensed to literally a few
months what does that mean about me
writing it and how long it took for me
to write it I mean it is a recent
college grad who has plenty of
procrastinated all-nighters under her
belt and even more missed or extended
deadlines you can use your imagination
that's all I can say writing this book
in a way that I was proud of in a way
that actually was a part of myself in
that limited amount of time was
definitely the hardest thing I had ever
done until that point and a bonus fact
is that it was also actually Ramadan at
the time so I was writing this book also
while completely famished fasting from
food and water from sunrise to sunset
and I mentioned this in the
acknowledgments of the book
my little brother Amir really was so
influential in me accomplishing this
tremendous feat because every night
during Ramadan he would come home from
night prayers see me literally about to
pass
the earth owl literally can't write
another word more and you would wake my
ass up drag my ass into his car and you
would drive me to our hometowns Dunkin
Donuts not spawns America runs on Dunkin
and so does Muslim girl and stay up with
me and the Dunkin all-night literally
just making sure I'm getting my work
done and she didn't have to do that and
it was also like his break so he could
have been chillin relaxing whatever but
he instead decided to use his time
helping his big sister make one of her
biggest dreams come true so thanks Amir
I guess that deserves a link in the
description whatever number for the next
secret about the Muslim girl book is
that I actually wanted to talk about
tomorrow way more in the book for those
of you who might not have read it or
might need a reminder
tamarah is my oldest female cousin in
Jordan in the book I basically celebrate
Tamara's really strong personality and
her unapologetic confidence in her
sexuality she was a sexy woman and she
was also a troublemaker and she had no
problem throwing what's proper for Arab
women in conservative Jordan out the
window and doing whatever the f she
wanted she had all these men wrapped
around her finger you can see why she
was my idol and she had such a
tremendous impact on me and my
confidence as an Arab Muslim teenage
girl at a time when I was really finding
myself I wanted to write about tomorrow
way more in the book I wanted to write
about her exploits way more in the book
I wanted to talk about the time that
this is this deserves to be its own
story time honestly I'm giving you a
bonus story right here but I was asked
not to because some people in our family
thought that it would make us look bad
or they thought that it was shameful
behavior inappropriate or whatever which
is literally the whole point of me
talking about her in the first place she
didn't give a damn about any of that she
didn't give a damn about how she was
supposed to act as a lady or as a woman
or whatever she didn't give a damn about
about any of this like cultural
this double standard you know but hey
maybe those are stories for book number
two last but not least in this
apparently self-inflicted exposed video
my fifth secret about the Muslim girl
book is that the epigraph which is the
quote that opens up the entire book
which is this was actually originally
going to be a Maya Angelou quote I
wanted to use a quote from Maya
Angelou's poem I Know Why the Caged Bird
Sings it's probably one of my first
favorite poems as a kid I became
introduced to Maya Angelou and fell in
love with her as a poet and her poetry
when I was in elementary school like
when I was first starting to get into
poetry as a child it was so rare for me
to have found like a woman of color poet
that was speaking to things that were
just hitting something on a subconscious
level with me like so deeply at an age
when I probably didn't even realize the
significance of them or I couldn't
tangibly understand why they resonated
with me but she was my favorite poet
when I was in elementary school Maya
Angelou so I wanted that to be the
epigraph of the book initially kind of
to commemorate that and also as a nod to
the incredible women of color whose
footsteps and whose legacies I walk in
but instead I decided to use a quote
from Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him
because to me this book was an
opportunity to introduce Islam to people
in a way that they probably have never
perceived it before it was my chance to
take down people's misconceptions about
my religion to really chip at what
people think we're all about or what
people think Prophet Muhammad is about
or what our beliefs are about so instead
I decided to use the quote from Prophet
Muhammad that always really inspired me
and that I actually had placed in my bio
of my live journal profile when I was in
high school aka the live journal account
where Muslim girl as a community all
started the very beginning it was a
quote I lived by back then and it's one
that I still live by now and I
especially love it because it's like a
quote that people wouldn't expect
- here came from Prophet Muhammad given
all of the rumors and lies I wanted this
very first impression for people to be
like damn the Prophet be woky at what
Muhammad said that hell yeah he did and
now you know so those are my five
secrets from the Muslim girl book there
are a lot more interesting trivia and
facts and tidbits and things like that
but I thought these would be a fun few
for me to share with you on the first
birthday of the book I still can't
believe it I honestly can't believe that
I'm 25 and I can say like yo go pick up
my book or gif I'm getting to know a guy
that could be my criteria if you read my
book or not you know it's kind of a
better filtering process that way it's
an easier filtering process that way
trust me
it literally boggles my mind that I can
say that thousands of people have gotten
their hands on the muslim girl book at
such an unlikely time it fills me with
so much hope for the next generation of
muslim girls i told you at the beginning
of the video that I would have an
announcement to make at the end I was
planning on making this its own video
but like whatever we're here let's do it
right like we're already here okay and
that is this videos basically you might
not have seen me around on this channel
over the past few weeks but that doesn't
mean I haven't been putting in work for
you all come on now your family remember
and basically in November I get to
finally share with you all my craters
for Change project which I'm so excited
about and also starting November is new
videos every single Saturday and if I
end up having the guts to hit upload on
it then my first storytime back will be
a pretty controversial one so yeah
that's all I got for today maybe I'll
surprise you with more random uploads
before then but if not I'll see you in
November as always make sure to LIKE
comment and subscribe
stay real stay hustlin and stay poppin
