what's up family so I just had a very
extended red-eye aka I've been traveling
since 4:00 a.m. this morning
it is currently like 3:00 I went through
the most torturous checkpoint line ever
like I took a photo of it this line
literally was so long to get through
security that it literally reached the
other part of the airport I know if you
can tell through the photo but like
literally those are all people and there
was at least three times as many people
as that like the length of the line yeah
anyway it was kind of crazy but yeah
basically what's good Florida I just got
to Miami for the color comic conference
color calm con color comb hey Kris
Jenner we are basically gonna get wokai
Efron here I'm really excited to meet
all the attendees my girl Lauren brought
me out here who was one of my co judges
for the Ken Lyons festival and big
surprise someone is actually joining me
on this trip unexpected last-minute and
it makes me so happy can't wait to build
some memories that person's coming later
on today but right now I just want to
take advantage of this view do you see
this right now this is literally the
view from my hotel room like this is the
balcony what I just I want to be laid up
right there yeah I just want to go there
so right now we are gonna go post up
somewhere to take care of some little
girl things I don't have to speak until
tomorrow but I just thought I would get
here early since my panels the first one
in the morning they don't want to waste
an entire day so yeah let's go find
somewhere with a nice waterfront view
for us to knock some work up oh yeah I
literally just started watching Game of
Thrones I'm on season 1
don't kill me but like the hype is real
everyone has been telling me I would
love this show so like it's time
okay so that's special guests that I was
talking about is here can you take a
guess
my mama this is my mom she's only ever
traveled with me once before for the Ken
line festival last year and hopefully
some more I'm just up this is like in a
dream this is like beautiful I mean if
they should come in once in their life
my mom never has really like traveled
too much but you've started to recently
with all the stuff that I've been I've
had going on like my vessel like that
I'm so happy
mama what are you sipping on she's just
kidding that's totally a Persian pina
colada
some things never change and you know
what you fill up these okay so we just
had a really delicious but um way
overpriced little meal at this Mexican
joint over here and now we are heading
back to the hotel room because I got to
change real quick for tonight's cocktail
dinner so gonna go show some support to
the color comedies tonight there are so
many women of color here that it's
literally like making me so happy and
also why are women of color literally
just like being a latterly dope like
seriously everyone here has been so
awesome the claiming a generalization is
just like the truth that melanin go okay
so speaking of melanin
I'm about to demolish this
we out and back at it again first thing
in the morning for my panel which is
literally at like 8 a.m. tomorrow
good morning it is way too early
on a Thursday right now and I have my
session right now
not even any I was literally up before
the Sun this morning
thank you yeah
run away to my session right now smells
really good
oh thank you you should love your eye
makeup
thank you really good I don't know IRA
you know has to be it has to happen that
way great
that panel went awesome it was so great
we had an amazing conversation
it started out about talking about the
need for more stability in America and
then kind of went in the direction sorry
for hijacking of maybe us not having
time for civility now because of the
fact that our lives are on the line and
it's so cool to be in a space with so
many other women of color where we can
talk still openly and frankly about
these issues and how they impact us
especially in this industry so yeah and
then at the end a ton of people came up
that I got to me and I'm so happy like
there's such exceptional people here I
didn't realize actually that my panel
was a private breakfast
so it was like invitation only and only
a select few people attending the
conference were you know like pooled
into it so it was really great to be
able to have that conversation amongst
such distinguished individuals so our
exact leaders within the respective
fields and everything so yeah just had a
quick bite to eat with my mom and then
she and I are gonna decide what we want
to do in Miami for the rest of the day
so I'm not excited well she's like
having so much fun and is so happy to be
here that I really want to show her a
good time you know so trying to get
trying to score those daughter points
and I'm saying put
would you say it's the best water you
ever had what's this water tastes like
two hours later remember what I said
we're looking for something to do
well that was fun and now I'm back at
the hotel and color comm is treating a
select review of us out to Nobu tonight
so really excited about that did a quick
wardrobe change already are ladies ready
for Nobu I haven't eaten all day so I
can eat as much as possible here can we
I hope it oxq so we're here we just got
here I really wish I could see the
sunset going on over there juice I don't
know if you can tell how bright that is
like bright pink and orange
so that was my first time trying to fire
team I'm sorry to tell no we're back at
the hotel and tomorrow is the last day
of color calm and I'm meeting someone
very special tomorrow mommy you look so
cute okay so it is now the next day and
we are on our way down to brunch right
now I have a very special person with me
mamama
and we're gonna go a very special person
too I'm really excited I can't believe
that I can bring my mom with me so it's
gonna be a fun time mommy excited you
look so beautiful
we did get hurt
colour-pop organizers are great couple
new people right here
Multi multi
that's right get it from
two minutes for you okay I probably have
never seen my mom this copy
my my immigrant refugee kids y'all know
how great it feels with your parents
proud like
man dj khaled else at the party I'm
leaving right before it's the next day
it's our last day in Miami and right now
I am at color comms Flo assumed brunch
which is freaking beautiful so yeah
we're gonna have this beautiful brunch
here and then we head back to the hotel
we go put my mama we're gonna see what
we're gonna do before we head out and
say goodbye
I'm actually really sad to say by today
I woke up sighs because like I made my
mom I'm having so much fun here together
let's see what's up late tail color
commonly over that's the chips that we
had ordered from our Cabana on the beach
right now we just laid out on the beach
for maybe like two three hours going on
three hours and also my mom just swam in
the ocean for the first time since the
80s
yes she told me that yo girls just
cleaned up we just had a really fun time
I have a really fun day with my mom she
has a time of her life so she after she
already met Whoopi Goldberg which was
like that already made her daily really
grateful for that I had that was able to
like making some ways are there and
stuff I also I think we can all agree
that I suck at transitions basically I
saw a glimpse of the sunset from behind
a bunch of buildings from my hotel room
so it is like some footage or pictures
or some things before we go out to
dinner tonight
Oh oh my god already I literally just
stepped out of the hotel all right watch
this whoa
lightning okay so it's safe to assume
that dinner plans are probably gonna get
rained out tonight so we ended up the
delicious Cuban restaurant right on the
beachfront he was in Miami I'm probably
gonna find this vlog out here we're
heading back tomorrow
