it's a tractor that's a tractor in a
cornfield what's a family I'm in
Kentucky
literally I'm pretty sure this is the
middle of nowhere no offense to the
people that live here but I'm just not
here because of the Eclipse randomly
not gonna lie and if there is being care
this is like a legit suck Confederate
flag blame someone so by the way over
here and plenty very homogeneous
oh yeah I never take the first one
oh yeah I came out here with Rolly
what's happening the man domestic
comedian the legend more of a myth not
gonna lie I felt very painfully aware of
my job in there we were talking about
not being judgmental of southerners but
I wonder like how much of that is our
internal like oppression like where we
think that we expect them maybe there is
like look II just we saw a Confederate
flag on our way over here it was like
them just being curious I called here's
a new face yeah versus like one of those
Moslems don't hear nothing like I think
I always struggle I don't know what the
honest answer is I don't think there's a
right or wrong way I don't think it's
blowing out of proportion
either way yeah but I always struggle
with that is this like is this guy
looking at me because I have like
because I'm Muslim or because I have a
fluffy face like I'm always like yeah
used because he looks up by like behind
but that was literally the
quintessential like southern oh my god
oh my god booth is that why you
something yeah a little mosquito no like
I legit though even the girl that was
like the waitress in there was like your
typical like southern blonde like you
know like peppy like you enjoy minority
strip all these cars are here for the
viewing pop wait 10 o'clock in the
morning seriously so we just got to the
Amish farm where we're gonna be viewing
the Eclipse from today so we're all this
Amish farm and this guy this Amish
community is basically everyone in
Hopkinsville sees an opportunity and
rightfully so like salad make some money
yes it's probably the most tourism
they're gonna get in like our percent he
literally built two new hotels just for
the Eclipse in this town ah seven
hundred dollars a night yeah I was like
summer I was looking at rates I was like
seven hundred a night uh but uh but yeah
so this farm is just like letting people
they have like more than a million
square feet of land where is insane and
so we're just gonna be watching like on
this like Amish farm so that's why I was
just like if I'm gonna watch this I
gotta watch this in the Delphis way
possible I don't think there's anything
cooler than like watching a solar
eclipse and Hopkinsville Kentucky with
the Amish
this is the line for the porta-potties
I am definitely hands down the only
hijab' here only one I would go pop a
squat somewhere except I'm very very
conspicuous I would say I'm pretty sure
the leopard-print would stand out you
know from behind the bushes over there
okay so I survived the bathroom line
actually wasn't that bad it was like two
minutes and it was nice he's dropping at
ropes conversations around me and now we
are cooling off in the car and Phillips
eclipsed I there was fun to be mistaken
for the parking lot attendant every time
I stepped outside people kept asking
like do I park here can you park my car
I'm like I'm not your valet don't work
here I'm here just like you to have a
good time
we're like literally - I should have
just like Jones car though rolled with
it like this guy just gave me a car
officer
straight up but now we're chilling Suns
coming in are the clips about to start
about 30 minutes I'm onto the only brown
man that I've seen out here so far and
I'm definitely the only job you out here
story of my life
samaya but this is my life biography and
we're staying out here with Muslim girls
managing editor Maysoon who's a
Palestinian mama to the tea she even
packed us PB&J sandwiches some of the
mixin she got came correct like juice
boxes like fruit drink then acts to nuts
like gourmet peanuts I'm not like
planners I'm talking like macadamia
Japanese peanuts pumpkin seeds like she
came correct the tree Arab way with the
knife absolutely amazing appreciate it
okay the eclipse has begun apparently
thankfully
Aman got us the coveted Eclipse glasses
apparently these will enable me to sit
to stare directly into the Sun without
going blind
let's check about oh my god oh my god I
can't see I can't see
it's supposed to be like this Oh oh my
god it did start that's so crazy
oh my god you guys I couldn't legit see
the Sun and I can see the tip of the
moon eclipse me right now hold on let me
see if I can
well we got I am getting the shot look
that's the Sun through the Eclipse
glasses you can't really see but at the
very upper tip of it it's beginning to
be coming clips are getting a shot you
look really comfortable I'm super coming
oh I'm on camera
yo super dope you guys I mean I can't
really see you I don't even know if I'm
frame right now but it's super dope
okay so it literally looks like a
crescent moon now I don't wonder if I
can catch this lets me without going
blind it's that part right there it
let's cut off every every single circle
where they're supposed to be circle oh
whoa I got you oh my god that's so cool
so these little shadows how they look
like crescents that's literally how the
Sun looks right now they're half shadows
so like outside of totality that's like
oh my god that is so insane so you
definitely can't tell from my camera but
just like the lighting all around us has
to change it seems like there's like a
smog over everything like we're in a
cloud or something around super excited
y'all it's becoming dimmer and dimmer
out here I'm like I'm too excited and
too excited for it to come in totality
like what is that going to look like I
don't even know whoa you can definitely
see the difference in lighting in my
camera now I didn't change any settings
this is how dark it is right now not
gonna lie it's actually a little bit
scary I'm just like what is about to
happen once no one think of is the Sun
entirely like what's gonna happen so
Casey you're literally watch and get a
get dark with me it's getting darker and
darker
okay that was insane I'll be honest I
didn't know how to live that moment out
yo I was in a panic I was like I got two
minutes how do I use them so was like
luxury like stings directly at the
Eclipse to like grabbing my digital
camera and seeing that frenzy that you
just saw running back and grabbing my
phone and just yeah and then of course
getting a Mons like response and for
reflections on everything you know
loggers got to do it if loggers got it
got that Muslim girl pink Gatorade the
best one they got worse
what hi we're tourists uterus so we
thought we would stop in to the tourist
center what can we help with we're
looking around oh you guys have thank
you and now your girl got a solar
eclipse bottle and a towel clips
we're just swagging it out here solar
eclipse right hi like why it's you ain't
doing it up like this out here
we out it out here
what I'm smokey but
oh it's pinned down you can't move it I
was gonna put it on very high extreme
it's not it's like literally bolted in
their rituals like on my sake I think so
strong girl Chicago Illinois exhaust
it's time to take a bite out of crime
we're an NRA country baby this is it
we're here they are gonna use this as
target practice we saw a sign for a
shooting range and Amon just literally
made a hard right and turned into it and
cool Mike and now if we get shot up out
here mortars talk low if we get shot up
out here by the Trump supporters they
either run away we asked pack it in pack
it up
no like legit what if they shoot me oh
oh my god usually rocks like
by the kite because they start like
slicing off really flat one
okay you guys totally missed that cuz
the girl only has two hands but my first
tribe and it skipped why is it I can
verify witness right here
why all right Kentucky ain't that bad I
guess the sides
Mason if you break it my son you wasn't
way too slow he's my mini-me okay so
this is Maysoon son and he decided to
dress up like me and scare his mom i'ma
be honest you guys look exactly alike
okay like a badass badass fight you
don't mean like no smiles what's up
family we just derived DQ I'm the
long-lost twin so we're here
so the last thing I ever had at Dairy
Queen when I was in elementary school is
a banana split those lots of overrated
Dairy Queen so I figured I need to get a
banana split so I write the occasion
what are you do
all right ready ready touch me eating
first taste here I'll zoom in are you
ready
new thumbnails but yeah so I just wanted
to wrap up this vlog definitely a fun
one and I'm really glad that I decided
to do this trip I really didn't want to
at first I was gonna cancel it or I was
gonna like not go but you know I had had
the flight voucher my friends were like
if you can then why not really important
of that like that's a great use of your
time and also on it's like shoot some
footage with some on out while I was out
there so and now I'm so grateful that my
friends kind of like pushed me to go on
like that I decided to just like take
that opportunity because I actually
realized also that this is going to be
this is my loss like summer trip before
I head off to Australia by the time I
get back it'll be mid-september so this
was kind of like one last time that I
can kind of like go out and I caught up
with my students our managing editor saw
her kids and everything so it's well
worth the trip I am really happy yeah so
I'm gonna wrap this up now I'm gonna go
get some rest and I'm gonna go shower
get this like travel off of me and get
some rest as always make sure to LIKE
comment and subscribe stay real stay
hustling and today pop it
