if we're not even able to raise these
questions and confront this power trip
then how are we supposed to progress
forward how are we supposed to really
preserve the values of democracy that we
we brag about as America hi honey what's
up families today started out back in
New Jersey visiting family and stuff
like that I only spent like one night
over there like one evening caught up
with my girl Sean's a the executive
editor up with some girl and then I got
on the train and headed straight back to
me or for an appearance on NBC tonight
on a panel about some stick and please
so far what will be taking players what
we want to see taking place how we feel
and what not so I'm really looking
forward to that just got in the car and
everything and something really
interesting happened on the train from
Jersey to New York yup I cut the flaws
this is what they look like now Ariel
I'm doing it I'm chopping off the
clothes moment of truth
the priests check
number five - Myka what do you all think
squeaky clean clean sharp fresh polished
dark mysterious worn brands he thinks I
don't know honestly feels really we are
not in claws on right now and might feel
like my snails almost hurt I know that
might have screamed gross I was chopping
them off on a train but as you saw there
was barely any people around and I was
in a hurry to get to the panel tonight
so girl's gotta do what a girl's gotta
do you know this is a very huge move for
me in terms of my identity like this is
weird I don't know why I decided to do
it I just felt like a change I was kind
of like over the nail sing one let the
natural nail grow a little bit I cut
them off so I'm going to be like taking
the actual acrylic often when giving
them some time to breathe and everything
I don't talk a lot about my nails but
like this is super serious right like
ladies kill me
sorry that was gendered but like you
feel me right look they look like 20
minutes late now we're locked out of the
NBC studio so we are supposed to be
conducting this gentleman tonight so
we're gonna fit out here no too many
codes together
totally normal one eternity later yeah
thank you
Hey right you go ya go right over
Goerke thank you how are you going are
you anouk whoa take me out to dinner
first
BAM saying cutting nothing on me this is
the green room
oh they're closing coming busily coming
and I'm saying what would be the tipping
point for you for president Trump if it
would it be a revelation about about
about the Russia investigation what
would shake your support for the
president shake my support for the
president I really not sure and I think
there'll be a question for someone else
because as with me right now my feet of
mine is just given support using my
platform bringing people together so
just even if you're the other side of a
lie I also just support the president
work with him he's not going to have all
the answers so to us the support and
stand behind him and just given all the
support we can I'm sorry I think I
thought it really is just indicative of
exactly what the issue is amongst the
American public right now since when has
the American people ever stood for
blindly following a leader without
questioning anything that they do I
didn't say for you to blame when and I
think when you're confronted with a
question of what would make you question
our leader the leader of the free world
as we refer to him and you say oh I'm
not sure because I support the president
I support the president that is contrary
to everything the Constitution stands
for everything that it was intended to
protect if we're not even able to raise
these questions and confront this power
trip then how are we supposed to
progress forward how are we supposed to
really preserve the values of democracy
that we we brag about as America we just
drop the segment it's like us and you
should totally check it out I don't know
if it's going to be online by the time
we edit us but like maybe it will be it
is to include it right here it's not I
will link it down below and it goes
online what are you a flare flare flare
honest opinion
on Fox will set foot from I'm complete
okay
sunken please pray for Frank yeah okay
that's the best we can do pray for a
month okay we're heading out we promise
but while we're here we decided why not
check out the SNL floor sorry NBC we
love you hi we're here looking for NBC
we're doing fence around with you okay
you can't see me walking around a
building is the thought work with me
no 300 local floor number yes I think
you know they pulled us to walk into the
elevator and I guess we gotta clear on
board yeah sometimes people do okay so
don't you know she's been here oh okay
oh hell I mean I know we're really
 what the hell okay now we're
really going on okay
bye where are you boy here's those
peanut I'm okay bye
one day yet our drivers the young ones
go to subsidize Sunday come on selling
like the Dodger games on baby looks the
same right yeah
that's what yo girl Sunday looks like
we're heading back to Brooklyn right now
so that we can wrap this weekend up get
ready for the week ahead freshen up get
centered get real your husband get
poppin Johnson see you tomorrow
I like that y'all if there's nothing
published up with some girl calm in the
morning it's because this is what shot a
shot where Sean's a dries her laundry
