what's a family today's vlog is starting
out super hot we are here at the Forks
ideas summit where very shortly
I'm really excited we're talking about
obviously what I'm most passionate about
talking about which is representation
and passivity and diversity in the media
and as you all know listen Braille was
the first Wilson company on the corpse
30 under 30 less so I'm always super
happy to engage in these conversations
especially with orbs because it's
dynamic and revolutionary and
transformative to see brown girls women
women from different backgrounds
represented and spaces that are more
economically connected you know and like
quite in Geneva Calvert I think that's
we've got us and especially being like
you know I think it's so important and
it's pretty cool and it really just
symbolizes like a change you know like
it shows the tide has shifted the
conversation who's leading asked so
pretty cool works within lucky oh hello
handsome thank you
perfect
that's the struggle there's nothing more
that I want right now
there's a party
yo guys selfie hey guys
so today is the next day I didn't
continue vlogging yesterday because
sorry it's really loud in here but
basically like after the panel yesterday
went back to my office to do more Muslim
girl work and then at night went out to
dinner with my friend Phil Picardie and
his partner you all might know Phil from
Teen Vogue I really need to catch up
with him so that was a ton of fun we had
some nice nice fish tacos and then now
today we are here where you aren't here
kicking off the day at offices we're
basically about to shoot a panel with
makers women about faith and feminism
it's super dope all the Abrahamic
religions are represented you know I
love that and we're gonna talk about
being fierce badass women from our
respective communities and I'm super
excited about it so um let's see what
happens oh yeah I'm vlogging this entire
thing by the way so I'll confirm with
them now this is my favorite sign built
by girls
right right above the world yes a little
bit check out our shot so pretty
getting a quick touch-up Johnny said
that I wear it way too much highlighter
for my own good so guilty we're just
talking about how we're all here stat us
women who are tall rocking Hills and
dope nails don't wet your pastures like
no that's what's a shoe cam okay ladies
haha okay why does my outfit look like
that look BAM like where did this come
from today's fit got the boyfriend jeans
on today she looks familiar
yeah both you guys look so boss right
now
I can't do this at the same time okay
okay so wrapped up that panel and now we
are at public hotel to celebrate brother
fellows which just got nominated for a
really huge award check out this view
I'm really proud of my girl Aurora
through her leadership they actually
respond a CSDs rafi domination major so
the woman of the moment right here
congratulations
how do you feel so while I'm here I just
want to say how happy I am about the
response that my last video got about
wearing nail polish while praying it
really really means everything to me
that there are girls that felt really
and like they were represented by
hearing what I have to say and
ultimately I'm just grateful that we
opened up a conversation because we need
to be able to talk about these topics
openly frankly and honestly and unless
we are willing to do that then it's like
we're not going to get anywhere
I'm totally gonna record time I'm out
here with my makers women it's so cute
they're all counting down tips are with
me literally they serve the food and no
one is eating because they're waiting
for me to bring my boss like this is the
literally faith in feminism and food
thank you ma'am olive oil have you guys
ever heard of gelato fun past couple of
hours I am on my way home now and you
know the food coma is setting in so I'm
just gonna cut it here so as always make
sure you like comment and subscribe and
please check out my last video and let
me know what you think if you haven't
yet and yeah I love you guys so much and
I'm so happy to be back to you and I
missed you all just as much if not more
so see you guys again tomorrow
stay real stay hustling and stay Popat
