I think she played her cards really well
and the fact that like she wanted in on
the empire that is the Kardashians yeah
but I have respect for that legs you can
build your own Empire and she could have
held her own Empire what the film today
is Monday and it's the start of a brand
new week a lot of exciting stuff going
on does that look like a Dunkin Donuts
but really my protein shake is in there
hashtag games right now we are on our
way to the Muslim draw office super
exciting because I don't think I ever
showed you all my my office before hi
morning okay see these boxes and I just
ran into they actually contain our
packaging for as little some girls care
packages and they accidentally steps up
to my office rather than to our
warehouse they're taking of oldest space
joint like that I really don't
appreciate it
the little girl office is a shared
workspace here in the Langford workplace
because we're hustlers girls we have a
bunch of common areas we can work out of
April and then this is my private office
because I'm a boss and just for measure
to sound like every MTV Cribs episode
evidence is where the magic happens baby
I never get tired of being greeted by
the sign support your local girl game
boy hashtag rolls all as a young
entrepreneur there isn't a set schedule
things change every single day there are
some times that fingers show busy and
the days are so slammed like basket bath
meetings and shoots and events that I
might not even have time to come into
the office then there are days like this
one the first Monday back from the
fourth of July weekend nothing makes me
feel more United
my fellow Americans than this shared
common understanding that we are all
basically trying to get our
together so a lot of times my days like
this
that works up an appetite
the time to get you put later okay
everyone I'm back at my house that I
actually forgot to tell you all about
who came to visit on Friday I believe
that is a new vlogger it is my
responsibility to ensure that my people
are well educated about the issues that
matter you know and so for that reason
we thought it was really pertinent to
have a conversation about literally the
most important story happening in the
world this week Postum on you roll the
tape
no thanks for passing it along to me if
you'd Romani yeah right now we are in
the past I will came over earlier and I
do professionally okay that's the
professional lighting set okay you all
already know what the most important
story on the Internet is right now is a
great casa da da da blow up why because
Rob Kardashian finally came to his
senses like now no we're not gonna go
that route okay Arabelle IRA located
what no he's a scrub he shouldn't have
done that and I hope you actually got
Joe Sakic
wait no not at my boob fell out and on
the internet right now how well do you
even know what happened not really no
but okay first of all from the jump
yeah leaking her nudes was like for
literally illegal but also just a gross
violation of likely end up looking and
excusable basically what happened was
China the petty so she is texted him a
photo of her in bed with another bag and
like happy fourth of July and then and
then he like blew up it was like look at
why she just sent me this whore oh and
then it was like him listing off the
number of men that she's been with and
like a short period of time like shame
her for it
yeah that's skirmish manner like sorry
like there is no okay so all right she
got done by other people and if you feel
like you you are being like like if he
is going to be mad about something there
are other things to be mad about like I
like the thought that so it caused him
to pop off I think is what makes me not
have respect her fragile nice community
like the drunk just from the jump like
he was he was like he was a boy himself
right like here I gots a pointless like
exactly exactly right because like the
missing thing from this story is that
like Rob also youth watch on Amazon and
mutual it was like transactional
relationship so destruction I feel like
there Charles is also just like a
contractual obligation of their social
media empire at this point like I don't
even know if they see us women which
really makes me sad but like how you
gonna do that to the mother of your own
child dude imagine having a child you
don't even want into the world I mean
that's why I have an IUD oko yono birth
control kids no bond Paran is johnny was
gonna say will you just sit talking
about feminism because like also Rob
dramatizes things I'm like over
exaggerate and it is in this situation
it's inevitably going to be the woman
that gets the lower numbers yeah the
most weight a selfie I mean I think that
she problem she played her cards really
well and the fact that like she wanted
in on the empire that is the Kardashians
yeah but I don't have respect without
like she could have built on Empire she
couldn't help her own empire she was
building her own empire you don't need
to do by yourself you can have you can
have like short by displaying many fully
thought isn't that what nothing is I
don't think so no shortcuts doesn't mean
like dabbling in betrayal manipulation
with Oh blah it means like thinking of a
smarter way but not in either way like
smarter than making less work I drink a
baby dream Kardashian trademark like
that's amazing that's something that
Kris Jenner would do and had done like
she's using their own rule book against
them someone that I know that wrote a
piece on how like lecture net is like
ultimate scammer and like knows exactly
what she's doing I do think that she
does like I have I wrote all the
Americas because it's like yeah that's
exactly what Kris Jenner would do that's
how they built the Kardashian name
that's why it has value you know and
she's just like stepping on in there
yeah and like I remember I know I don't
like snakes is the thing well like the
thing is like Rob also is like maybe
they're wrong million garden like it's
like not like it's all for like this is
like kind of the bare minimum that
you you need to do two I'll see you miss
dislike Rio who would Rob Kardashian
like realistically have dated as not for
this person that had a specific use in
his life like what a stockbroker no of
course you're gonna do action I mean
what more interesting to me have you
dated like a random stockbroker from
Ohio but then we wouldn't have so much
content hahaha Jessica even though I
really dislike her she's not around
now that we've offered our insight into
this exceptionally important topic back
to you future of money
Thanks past Imani now I think I need to
get back to working on with some girls
pitch deck wish me luck YouTube and I
think that's going to be really boring
to bring you all along for so I think
I'm just going to cut the vlog here I
want to give a shout out today and it is
to Chronicles of Narnia thanks so much
for saying hi when you saw me in person
the other day it was really nice to meet
you and your entire crazy family and
before I forget and yesterday's vlog I
asked all of you what you think our
family name should be and I'm still
looking for suggestions so if you've got
an idea drop one below so far a lot of
people really like a team so it's
nothing not chosen but let's just test
it out see how it sounds see you
tomorrow a team stay real state hustling
and stay puppet
I like that
