and I heard a woman in the background
and I heard you thanks so much general
whispers what's up family there's one
things I didn't really sink through
before I decided to start this vlog life
it's not like 90% of my life is on my
laptop
hashtag vlogger life Trump's all how am
I supposed to be vlogging my daily life
when most of my work is on the laptop
while making it interesting
especially because like a lot of days
fly past me you guys write one that has
work that they do on the computer which
is probably like 90% of you guys like
days like today for example the day has
passed this one is now setting and I
still haven't even like been out yet I
haven't like gods like do anything
besides catch up on the tremendous
amount of work that I had building up as
you all know for the hospital weeks I've
been traveling today but my Saturday
basically catching up on a bunch of
stuff I just be playing to get out I
think like go get some fresh air so I
thought a day like today why not go
check out the sunset on the Williamsburg
waterfront first time I ever came out
here was to do a shoot for the entire
south times and before that I had no
idea this place even existed which is a
damn shame because so many missed times
now it's like literally my favorite
thought period you don't know where it
is good there was the truth
sure I just heard the brown Pig claim it
was amended belligerent the yelling and
the pillage would quite click the two
boys at home everyone bully after a
reported in recording yeah Cole meadow
and one and it's been five minutes and
they're still not here you could have
kokum I like what you do I'll give you
what you doing so I'm just in a time
though it's class time see how long it
takes NYPD to show up for I don't ask
requiring situation we thought because I
literally heard ship and growing around
now it's calm down thank god I'd like
now to quiet but it's repetitive like we
regularly hear - I think yelling and
establishment enough is enough
energy here where this is coming from
and I heard a woman in the background
and I heard him saying stuff like you're
worthless
it's now been 11 minutes since I called
the police about a domestic violence
case 15 minutes the thing is like I see
cops on this walk all the time Brooklyn
where the clocks we need them they're
showing up right now at 16 17 minutes to
get here okay Lauren so the cops are
right here soon no sudden movements
hands where they can see them at all -
oh wait we're not blocked okay we're
going to go listen to what's going on -
the cops of pain cop I was talking to
sounded Mack dismissive like I explained
to him the situation who is like okay so
it's a mean guy like they literally
always end with you were gonna go sushis
okay as long as she's not dead or
bleeding from her space in abusive
situations where liquid is then we can
you trained and how did like skills
domestic violence situations okay so in
less than five minutes the cops have
left have determined that is okay the
situation is fine besides that shouldn't
have bruises on her face but what's
interesting as they were leaving they're
saying one of them said there was no
help me in her eyes another one said
yeah at the end of the day freedom of
speech you know what can you do Lauren
just told me because weak Lauren was
actually in the hallway where they were
like the cops were health to the guy she
said she heard someone say it's a Puerto
Rican
it's a Puerto Rican dude in a black
chairs like wow okay so I feel like that
might make more sense out of the way
that they reacted to this what it's just
a black chick there was
helped me in her eyes some familiar not
one to judge especially like personal
family stuff I definitely would know my
family's Arab after all maybe it wasn't
domestic violence or whatever like who
knows maybe that's just them arguing it
happens all the time like maybe it's
just let's chalk it up as a toxic
relationship and like hope to god that
it's actually not abusive because the
cops just coming and leaving like that
it was abusive would just make him
angrier I just felt the need to document
this for the sake of awareness for the
purposes of leaving respectable like
family differences I was like
second-guessing whether I should have
called 9-1-1 or not but my friend who
had trusted alot reassured me that I did
the right thing and he was a civil
rights attorney so I'm just hoping that
something good comes out in situation
hey this is Imani from today this vlog
is about to go up in a couple of hours
just wanted to jump in here and say I
had this like really cool segment grant
for this portion of the video I was
planning on releasing that right now
except the material that I got for it
was it as phenomenal as I think it could
be I am going to not show this yet
because I want it to be literally like
as good as in my head instead I'm just
going to pop in here because I wanted to
ask you a question that was actually
just posed to me on Twitter earlier
today by my girl Sheena
Gina thank you so much for caring about
my channel caring about what I have to
say it really means a lot to me and
scheana asked Imani so now that your
daily vlogging will you give your
subscribers a name like how lily has
team super it's the question of get
opposed to all of you because I would
never want to impose a name on you that
you all want a name for our growing
family here I was thinking that we call
ourselves the ATM because a plus B be
less good then again your choice you
decide all your suggestions I love
brainstorming let me know
comment down below they real the husband
and today's topic
I'm like that
