I got you so hot
finally everyone some house fire and
it's right across the street from Newman
big number one we literally were just
sitting at our table for 30 minutes
waiting forever geologists and then they
said that we have to like place our
orders either one of us has been to
Nando's of course like how would we know
oh my god it smells just as amazing as
it looks good chicken butterfly halloumi
cheese because America's foremost
inspired the garlic red because cards I
don't know if I got the only thing she
could keep on the many people something
could be good coming out of Nando's
about was freaking awesome so it just
got back to the hotel I'm gonna try go
to bed early tonight and be lit eight
for the first day of graders for change
tomorrow that was really awesome dinner
with Sylvia probably gonna see her again
tomorrow night
just super excited let me know what you
think about these videos before everyone
hates me
good morning we're on our way to day one
at you can face London damn
I really don't like set up you got going
to connect on a kindergarten okay on
your channels around same issues are
very very different issues I make each
and every one of you an incredible part
of a very very big story let me say that
we can move can we talk about this for a
second
as my calendar I had one of them they're
really sweet really they don't get cake
pops
yes Wow you do you can get careful right
thank you
they're waiting everything's going to
kill you with the baseball cap hahahaha
wow that's literally just mean this in
the public power you are the only
channel that you are aware of in your
country that is even talking about this
issue as in that call to action what
action do you I was like literally a
sorority and we're all talking about
best practices for YouTube how to
deliver an awesome message waiting your
stuff um and so far it's been a ton of
fun connecting with these people this is
everything I ever dreamed of and more
these guys there's much youtubers are
just standing there shooting each other
and also you look like there's a direct
like this looks like you guys you guys
are gay flag
Oh Janerio case without tolerance of all
people regards to the bath because
Pakistanis about Indians
we got just regular Americans okay we
need a drop the beat you got the bugle
oh you're calling my new friends maha no
for once and for all it set the record
straight
where are you from legit like them every
time it's Jubilee I'm probably just get
a mayhem I know what upright eyes
every one every single person with our
cameras over a circus okay you get my
shot cool design cool thanks yeah I
don't feel like a bear oh yes Evelyn yes
working on it work it
yes so they're literally taking forever
to serve us dinner so Evelyn and I
literally just stole away to this
beautiful scene and shot not one but two
videos for you all because we love you
and because we're real youtubers y'all
we've been telling you they ain't real
youtubers we're real where our day to
you can place London and like this is
the situation right now those 10 seconds
when I make that person off for those 10
seconds when they all see you're like
you're like a real youtuber now yeah
it's a little what do you say with your
favorite machine i cannot good to
actually obligated Paul Paul yes
no no poverty no yo you betrayed your
own countrymen then you make a print
over an American on my little a that's
me my gosh you're so hot she's so
good-looking look at that beat I'm just
going to use this beautiful view to sign
off this vlog and make sure to like
Popeye subscribe hi
I like that whose bright idea was it to
ride bicycles home sort of uber like
normal people
wasn't mine walk so I guess this is
happening right now
so our money on the Vanguard
