the border police pissed me off so how's
this for behaving you might have noticed
that number two yes I just started a
blog I guess let me guess her vlogs have
to be numbered or something hashtag is
Hebrew it's kind of weird to like make
it official little clap to my gate and
I'm waiting for my flight to board to
London right now really excited about
getting their start out since I'm like
already here I decided why not do
something I commonly get asked which is
like travel path packing tests and stuff
like that I already checked in my
luggage which is where I packed like
actually the coal my clothes everything
serious I don't have to carry on this
time because I like to travel as light
as humanly possible sometimes I'll
forego like having a carry-on if I don't
carry for anything it's already like
checking a luggage and instead I will
carry on a fictional item I like to have
like a nice big backpack on me most of
the time because my backpack oh that is
bright it stuff off mission accomplished
so usually my backpack has my
electronics and stuff like the stuff I
like hop on the flight with me we got my
laptop I'm gonna turn up on past I'm
gonna show you guys my laptop a copy of
the best book ever my agent told me I
should
okay as I was saying my agent told me
that I should get used to always
carrying a copy of my book around with
me everywhere these notes are all from
like my book talks and stuff naked again
you said Green Machine this is legit
might go to one of these babies
plus some emergency in there that is
medicine that stuff is good to go social
your traveling a lot makeup bags the
essentials my disgusting charger my
camera that's upside down and
double-jointed apparently a youtuber
you'll have this little pouch this is a
gift something that gave me a fan I
would keep a bunch of little law listo
so I stuff like the converter USB block
and some Chargers America this continent
do make up this is just some Rando stuff
but I 0 into table TV whoa my favorite
perfume is a oh my god it after I left
it inside my backpack how did I get
through security with this man that lost
this baby I would have been so upset oh
my god
all those full-body massages vacated
invited for a few bottles and then on
top of that I like to have a little
crossbody on you just other future me
show off my purse of course ho-ho things
that you immediately
and the lipstick that I'm wearing this
quick and then for travel outfit so
that's where I'm playing same philosophy
as when I pack I like to keep it as
light as possible but when traveling
layers are key especially a beautiful
woman I like to be able to shut my
clothes if I need to
so I usually always am wearing like a
white jacket or honey or some sort of
tank top for a short Caesar's number
with that I can't take my jacket off or
my hoodie off forever because you know
the whole months and the days by wearing
like something long sleeve underneath
this is kind of like an Under Armour
type shirt same species just in case I
get a little too warm on the plane they
can go BAM Thompson and I want blacks
would be breaking and hijab you don't
step away sighs haha I like to wear a
nice pair of leggings because you know
anything less is so uncomfortable of a
plane a comfy pair of shoes flip on and
off for maximum comfort and it helps the
stable cute with your sit yeah and if
you can already calm your makeup ed no
contest especially because it's an
overnight flight so why would I do that
myself
you know and then like updating for a
cap on top of my job when I'm traveling
to protect my energies months and you
can either go to protect that headspace
and push them I got them I suppose on
it's like don't bother me got my
eyeglasses under everything like that
I also because I'm wearing this how I
have to worry about putting pins in my
job haha hey jebby hack your welcome
which plane flew out there maybe it
would help if I walk to my gate so I
know for boarding or not just a thought
how are you
thank you yeah yeah Wow okay thank you
you can spend so much time editing on
that flight but I barely got any sleep
so now my goal is to get through
passport control and this entire Airport
as quickly as possible to my hotel bed
and yet when you find some familiar
faces so you click straight to the front
of the line Harlech hello um um invades
the border police pissed me off
so naturally how's this for behaving I
just got her asked at the border again
see my friend over there he literally
got through passport control in five
minutes
they held me up for at least 20
literally just your house was for me and
put me in my place because they asked
him a simple question which is if they
were asking me the same invasive
questions they were asking everyone else
spoiler alert no they weren't is this
the packet this is potassium yes
let me use your credential Witter a long
time for the morning nice
thank you yeah I like that
