I'm going to get reported it like two
seconds
the chanting that we deal with it's a
time when we're on our way was chanting
hideous possibly clear Wow uncle allow
us but God you bleep ratted agreed
cooing it's a good morning it's like
eight o'clock in the morning um and
we're on our way to any prayer I need to
play a little gun you know all what 6:45
well thank God we in there my little
brother's trying to like be a youtuber
now money
I am a youtuber sick and tired tree bit
okay I told him if this is was gonna be
like I'm gonna quickly disappear off
YouTube he's the reason he made me quit
you can ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha he
called it a copy youtuber I'm trigger I
done I'm Jenna this is my hometown loss
so we're going to and my friends they're
always say that they love how no matter
where I am in the world I always come
back home pretty prayer they're mad at
me that they think that I forgot about
some discuss fear which you did no I did
not and not forget about them mother
daughter
no I did it they're in my heart forever
to try cause problems this is like oh my
god this is little boy so he has become
y'all look at like how I get again
Serena I don't think anyone knows about
Cyrus right that's too early in the
works
what is the look tastes like this one
time I thought it was recording to
record anything for me because you just
never uploaded Wow my OTP breakthrough
this dress is Calvin Klein except it was
sent to me because I can't afford tells
inside and we talked about the privilege
jacket from forever 21 I got my webby
award tissue that would be Award winners
and then again when I was the Teen Vogue
that that's a cow
ah this is where I prayer is today I
literally I'm not gonna be able to get
used to this
I'm not be able to get used to this Wow
if you're everyone I'd record here be
soda pretending like they don't know who
you are
if you doing so that you my friends are
you prayer right now and they're all
like you up the buddies here looks
learner I'm on my period like everything
else is all we did lots of picture
taking Morgan this have to go home now
it was finally a today time I'm serving
breakfast at because going tailgating
determined well they're all enjoying
their sermon I'm a this is getting it
for 600 yeah that's that good stuff am i
right
all right no one does turned away is
that a wrong long blows are you a big
trend in Jersey although with Ireland
you perfectly
can you help a local wine I'm Aviance
and Penelope you probably stays away
from your bloomers who knew oh where are
the rules dad mr. Smee can we go home
now
Oh without me
thank you diabetes these people can be
from Sonia why are you acting like you
don't know people's houses candy is one
that Wow rejected from men enough of
them demolish morphological and we're
doing breakfast I know hahaha you're
sitting home right now and I'm getting
all my beautiful I think is coming hurry
go premier finds us Rani found us run
run sorry I swear I'm not crazy I just
want to feel what happen Wow okay run
three feet away from them it's crazy to
think that it's in the back of our minds
the fear that anyone could literally
roll up on us than like attack us
it opens space like this my dad was just
saying that we need more security let's
go we out of here All Right see you
later go damn it our annual like what
I'm on again and this is how it goes I
look nice today hey muscle skinny in the
daytime again where's the first place
they go go good go house knock off on
oh I like orange what's wrong with it
again
okay hater okay in all seriousness
princess business wine of the story was
so triggering for me because look our
duncan is right across the street from
our messages so like this is literally
very common for us in between prayer is
threats like cross the street go to the
duncan get some food get some water in
between grades and stuff so the fact the
number was attached during a tradition
that is so common and it is it
permissible millennials news days just
added to the tragedy in my opinion we
can't take it for granted this year that
we literally made it to the end of
ramadan this is the most innocent thing
ever you know like imagine just coming
out of the business you'll get food if
it's a Florida like I just like getting
killed for it you know you want to pick
a random no we want to always pay can we
get a vanilla cake batter thank you
thank you okay
booyah booyah he pushes ever upload Wow
camera camera oh yeah like and subscribe
if you to go accomplished I'm an Armani
with us are you are in case in bed with
that yes a shout-out oh thank you keep
you nice - caramel for all those
wondering whatever happened to karma my
cat that I said what we did you see this
is what her life is like now I'm feeling
very personally attacked right now baby
woman okay this is going to get old
really fast
you look like Barney what the what about
this resembles Barney we're gonna go get
more food
hahahaha I got some bagels because we
can eat during the daytime now so why
the hell not am i right mom said she
want a pretzel croissant from buggin we
probably should not forget to get done
this time we come home without a purple
croissant from Duncan mom right - so
discard an immeasurable spool so it has
to do this a little bit when going fix
it real quick as I learned from olace of
Iowa as long as I do sexual gestures and
my vlogs I'll get a million subscribers
so
my little brother doesn't want to change
gears because the camera your gamer
sighs don't encourage this behavior
YouTube literally unsubscribe I'll
subscribe right now from you you're not
up loading stop holding that against me
so let me know down below what you guys
think about your hygiene tell me your
hygiene schedule ok this is content like
it subscribe this place is my favorite
bagel spot in my hometown it's just
added bonus that it's actually run by an
Arab immigrant family and they have like
a little kid who always runs around the
store whatever we come by like in the
mornings and stuff which reminds me of
when I was a kid I used to run around my
parents that was most so it's like so
cute so good the bagels really so fresh
and are you serious you can't we can't
vote that's douchey if I have my camera
out you can't have your camera out why
this is Renee are you kidding me this is
Jewish manual update my video especially
on a morning this literally looks like
heaven
it doesn't say wait how are you honey
goes everybody okay yeah we caught
reading equal to guys according that's
so funny hearing yourself for two -
chocolate milk
and I thought Amira Qasim but I'm you're
doing I thought it was actually somebody
also put them there and he was like okay
let me respond that for you we're like
no no no what do you get
we'll take the top of those this boy
feels like seven you'll be okay you guys
are crazy I haven't had you literally
since I was a child
oh yeah we have to have a where are they
now videos oh you know cuz they Denise
yeah coffee pot I love them we should
have chocolate milk I say and let's go
we come before you son to come before
you boil so today we're going to be
talking about I'm at a taking away
personal hygiene
just kidding I'm out of your ha could
you just don't want
oh it's like crack I provide all
remember when to get mom a present I'm
she will killer what's the hardest thing
about rubbin on for you people always
say like fasting is the hardest but like
I'm so used to it well but he has
pointed out those a day Hoosick I'm here
I'm so glad that
he made you a stronger person I was like
what do you mean who's like speaking as
a mere like I feel you want to have been
dedicated to like having a lifestyle
change if it weren't for you
participating the Ramazan over here and
I was like oh I was like wow that's so
true when I started my lifestyle change
I changed to like I have a healthy
lifestyle I always thought of it as a
religion I just saw like not eating as
many carbs taking care of myself I
thought like it caught on if I just
those things no that's definitely how I
viewed television was I'm scared -
that's like it's not about what you keep
out of your body but it's also you're
putting into your body to look at clutch
you know it's like literally fasting
from everything that's bad for you and
that means gossip big that means cursing
that means like cultural influences that
might have a negative impact on you like
violence and whatnot the food is served
as a constant daily reminder of that
like focus of that of that fun I'm here
just walked in from the Dunkin and there
were there were two people in that home
supportive people wait if we get a shot
of them what if they like started really
like looking at
and Amira was like inside in line behind
them and there's a Muslim family and
they're celebrating died and the Muslim
family paid for those individuals entire
meal and we're like if their holidays we
want to pay for you and they kept on
saying like no you're not going to pay
for our order like in this lake zone but
what you like yeah like their holiday
like let's do it Oh
first we said no yeah cashier says that
that Muslim family made his day - yeah
yeah one thing probably since they're
like entire reception of Islam that's a
little dangerous no they ran out of
pretzel bagels or crystal swirl but I
got mom white cheddar it's wrong no not
total stroke with old croissant are you
kidding me I've said nine times
that's a cheese I don't even know what
the whole that is about - cuz I was like
a mom to be a mess I'm gonna get her to
go get our specials for thought idiot
cords over a small time paper i cute
clothes so that's all for thought
fragile we thought not rocket science oh
god how many options do they have
finalists okay so we were supposed to be
our ate dinner an hour ago but you know
our timing at all mom are you ready yeah
she's been singing up in past hour are
you trying to pluck magic oh my god okay
see ya mama you look so sexy lots of
results you're chic reproductive yeah
yeah mama that's my mama
oh look at that booty Oh pop so our
daughters an altercation with Triboro
time
my parents so I responded the only way
that I know why you gotta fight with me
a cheesecake you know now we are at a
family dinner
as tradition hey what's up little hey
gang gang gang gang gang it this is
literally what we go for it's already
night at Cheesecake Factory like a true
New Jersey family prove them wrong I
didn't get a cheer dumpling is amol
obvious but all the aid money gay gay
gay guys I'm gonna end the vlog here
because uh I think I think fellas here
on first I think we're going to end the
vlog here man look on my blue tripod I
would okay all right goodbye yeah
