what's up families okay so I owe all of
you an explanation last update saying
video right now because it's been a
minute
I probably won't forget today wait happy
last day of Ramadan as you can see I
have to take a break for this holy month
I did so because if you follow me on
social media you know it probably was
doing a lot of travel there's a lot
going on Muslim girl and everything else
basically I can't believe that the last
we left off was right before I went to
Spain because they were Spain bunch of
events in between and then there was a
product launch the first of its kind
with any American beauty brand and we
sold out the entire inventory it is
opening week coach did a book just
getting a look entirely and then I was a
journey member for the can line possible
last week kind of crazy I'll get to that
in a minute
there's a lot of stuff that was
happening I'm so obviously I couldn't
really get to uploading videos like I
wanted to when I feel better on top but
we're a famine upon where we left off am
i right I'm so good let's do it now if
you were following my needs in social
media then you might have heard about
the traumatizing experience I had last
week when I was on my way to France to
nice to attend the festival can Lyon to
the jury member when I got there and I
went through passport control they
refused to step my passport while I was
wearing a headscarf even though in my
passport photo I was wearing a headscarf
so it wasn't an identification purpose
nothing was obstructing my face which is
the only way under French law you can
ask someone to remove like religious
attire and
instead of just stamping my passport and
letting me through like a human being
they took me to an isolated police
station within the airport where they
basically forced me to move my headscarf
while threatening to deport me back to
New York they basically were saying that
this is France if I don't do it they
stayed with my headscarf
but they're gonna send me back to me to
arc on the first flight bat and so I did
I was forced to with my headscarf and I
got my passport stamp that had just
asked me and then as soon as I turned
around to ask the police officer for his
identification number so I knew who I
was dealing with he got extremely
aggressive and hostile confiscated my
passport and immediately started
organizing and coordinating my flight
back to New York on the first flight
back on Delta Airlines and it wasn't
Intel I told him like yo I'm a
journalist I have a platform back in the
States
I'm here because I'm a jury member but
again lying first of all and I'm going
to make sure everybody knows what you're
doing to me right now everyone's going
to know that you're doing this Lowe in
two holes within a few minutes they made
like a couple phone calls and then this
person from Delta Airlines came in to
mediate and he told you're like oh well
I have this journalist here English then
the officer kept saying you either keep
your mouth shut and go to France or we
going to send you back to America and
finally I was relieved but of course as
you can imagine I was very very
traumatizing for me it was especially
painful to confirm that it was against
French law for them to force me to with
my husband even though they kept saying
it was the law and I knew in my heart
that it wasn't a lot
I bought a French lawyer and he said
yeah like they violated your rights and
just hearing that made it seep in even
more because it's like this is the kind
of stuff that happens to French Muslims
every single day under this growing
climate of Islamophobia and they can't
talk about it because they're vulnerable
like that's their country they live
there what happened to me is literally
nothing compared to what others have to
endure but they mess with the wrong one
that day
it was all over the news while I was
there and I got a ton of support from
the Ken Lyon festival and from a bunch
of people across both American and
French media which I really appreciated
and I will be sure to see this through
because that's not right and we can't
allow this keep happening or let them
think that we're okay with this to keep
happening because there's gonna keep
doing it I'm going to keep escalating
when that happened to me it was
literally right right before a news
broke about my breasts tragic murder and
you guessed it they're not calling it a
hate crime to me that just solidified
how much it's crucial for us to keep
talking about not a difference of
opinion it's a matter of life or death
and that's what it looks like we have to
be the one to hold down the line we have
to be the ones on the frontlines to say
no it will be hard at first but I help
hope that if we all stand together we
can make a change we can make a
difference it sure as hell it's worth a
shot
I thought the Bulls ah there's just a
lot going on with some girl right now
and that's literally my pop how do I do
over everything like I can barely focus
on anything else besides look some girl
right now is obviously a very exciting
time for us as a company and I'm not
going to lie I'm under a lot of pressure
it is very very very very very stressful
very stressful
hashtag Oscar no problems basically is
that is just going on with me and that's
why I saw him sitting out of the videos
know that that's a good thing because
that means no girls palletizing out then
I'm going to London for a quick trip
this coming week to that I can meet with
YouTube creators for change and all my
friends back in the UK and listen
Ramadan is going to be over within a
matter of hours at sundown and I'm
really sad about that I'll be honest
this Ramadan was probably one of the
worst that I've had in my life so far
and I say that as been spiritually and
it's kind of like a wake-up call for me
because Ramadan is only a month that I
really do like put my heart and soul
into observing and I feel like this year
Ramadan kind of just passed me by you
know because I look so busy and so much
is going on and that's not any of it
right it's like on the career
professional side of things things are
really growing and really like taking
off right now and yet the fact that I
was really tuned into Ramadan and it
didn't really feel that connection just
goes to show that somewhere along the
way without me realizing it the
connection got weak and that's kind of
how it happens right with things like
spirituality with things with matters of
the soul and so I think that this kind
of was a wake-up call to me that I got
to pay attention and I can't just like
let life get super busy that it passes
me by like that that's being conscious
and find my center you know so I think
that that is what I learned for a moment
on this year I'm already missing it
that's my update I noticed that I like
really cars in my head because I'm kind
of like a perfectionist with my content
and if it's not sipar the way that I
want it exactly I don't even want to
upload it because it's just like no has
to be perfect and that's like unfair to
you guys because obviously you all have
been nothing but supportive of my new
channel I'm just going to try to just
get that out of my head and upload and
share these experiences with you all
because that's so much vlog footage you
always don't know what to do with it
should I pose them or should I just like
for now I want to wish all of you a
happy ade and I hope that you are
started by loved ones and spending
nothing but good vibes and energy your
way make sure to LIKE comment and
subscribe because I'm a pro Beauty boyo
mmm yes yeah yes I
oh yeah I'm celebrating I'd early this
year because I got my period literally
on the last day of Ramadan Just My Luck
