just got through security and I got
stopped by TSA but this time it was so
that the agent could tell me that he's a
fan of Muslim girl am i 12 for voting
okay so today is the day flying smart
slow no finally I'm so excited oh my god
on Dover trip here I got an email from
Lauren from a police station Lauren is
right as we speak in Barcelona her phone
got stolen
this girl's has barely been in Barcelona
she left yesterday we got a quick
breakfast before chef hat reply oh my
god I'm leaving too saying Lauren's
leaving for Spain today I'm leaving for
Spain
tomorrow Angela and gonna follow her
there but hmm meet again we'll meet
again soon the final moment Oh leave me
excited you're headed to the airport
right now finally the moment we've all
been waiting for
goober I'm Lauren I'm flying foreign I'm
to count on that trip I choose lifts
ubers too expensive for my taste I think
that that money shouldn't go to waste
I'm about to go on a trip over to use
that money could be put towards buying
more speeds you know for my swag my
style and flair in a couple hours
I'm gonna be up in the air and all you
goobers down there you're going to look
so small beneath the clouds I'm gonna be
sky high and no sadness no frown
Florin it's okay it'll be fine no
anywhere we walk to in Spain is going to
be like new my god wait long everyone
stay safe bye bye my baby
bon voyage look that was Warren's coffee
as for me I'm going to rebuild me to my
squat designer
yes have a spy I want you good nice to
see you again
Nick you what you what you like yes
because you put a computer here and she
blow the computer that lets you actually
we already met here already
I now have alone time take Germany I
have no idea if you successfully made it
through tonight's all-nighter but it's
currently 4:10 a.m. so good job so far
YouTube you'll have so much work
finished before I leave for my flight in
10 hours mainly responding to a ton of
press inquiries no complaints
the past 48 hours have been hectic from
running errands again
on that note I missed return it was like
both advertising this cancer in my side
spinning so much you know hi um I wanted
to proclaim I wanted to ask about
exchanging currency you can't do that
yesterday's ooh that was really funny to
tell her it looks like you look like a
famous youtuber what's your channel but
I pull off that vibe fake it till you
make it you know
tripod is all sold out
Jenna mission not quite accomplished but
what can you do right now we are on our
way to the muslim girl office where some
friends from like are actually waiting
for news that we can shoot a Instagram
story for their new platform Leigh so
we've got a little set going over here
tario what we're doing today what are
you doing today we're talking about you
all about like breaking news in like the
cam in his face
do a little excuse I think frustrating
change about aimlessly and today site
it's just how people always want them
together and wonder with people go to
branding just like a we're into box we
got from across dirt I just put our
sticker on my your geniune that's
actually on hashtag starter pack you
know people is real here look okay so I
almost didn't think to take those for
some reason but I'm leaving our
accountants office had to make a quick
pit stop
make sure everything was squared away
and old get to go before I left for
Spain when I get back we're opening up
for series a stay tuned
slight delay this is a scroll Lauren I
really don't know what to do I don't
know how I'm gonna find her when I get
there sent her in the address to my
hotel so hopefully she knows to meet me
there tomorrow morning I'm really
worried what I know about Lauren ball
roll none Sindelar it's crazy - I feel
early guard because before we left there
was the things she kept saying is that
she was worried about getting jobs and
like people pocket people like that it
was a summary like we'll be okay
girl girl well this trip is off to a
great start
thank you
let's see if I can find this girl
tomorrow seriously pretty gross
okay this ball would take it
just when he thought it clean it was I
just remembered I forgot my next hello I
guess they can hand me a little words
just there we turned off the lights
which means we're all boarded and about
to take off
I'm going to send this play editing this
video and I'll see you guys in Barcelona
