my name is Imani boundary
editor-in-chief of Muslim girl calm is
the largest platform in the country for
motivation
I'm on my way to my first tinder day
right now last night Lauren and I went
shopping for a trip to Spain
thank you
god I swear it's so fricking bidding
tonight Lauren is a Time Square I was 11
I was the check for game New Yorker I
know really done because we're supposed
to save the shopping for Spain but I
just needed to refresh the wardrobe real
quick so of course we want to hog is not
sponsored but if you're over 21 you're
watching the Blair is these largest from
women in the world it has four levels
and of course we want to you know I had
to
there is a huge event tonight that get
ready for and at this event I'm seeing a
really good friend of mine who just had
a baby recently so I want to get some
presents that's today's mission the hook
of it is that there's this person that I
met on tinder and they wanted to hang
out today I've never met them before I
don't think I've ever actually met
anybody else under before and so the
offers come along so right now I am on
my way to meet him at the subway stop
see keeping it safe meeting in a public
place
you know stay safe kids as I mentioned
in a previous video I started dating
recently because I'm 24 and in Arab
years that means I'm practically expired
and it's a really interesting experience
trying to date as like a young Muslim
millennial you do you know dating is the
Millennials already just batshit crazy
enough as it is
I don't know another layer to that and
it's just it's so much I'm trying to
figure out figure it out as I go
basically if you're like literally
witnessing it as it happens I haven't
really tried dating apps before a lot of
you have asked me if I've tried like the
Muslim dating ask them stuff like that I
have I tried one before in here which
was funded by a really good friend of
mine and that didn't really work because
all the Muslim men and I were like
looking for a marriage and just like
immediate I just like couldn't do that
this guy's really interesting he is
French from Moroccan descent his parents
are rockin immigrants and friends who
just moved here really recently um and
he models so hey I don't know if I'm
going to actually record like when I'm
actually with him but like you know well
sure as hell try I think it's so
beautiful with the water a couple of
Starbucks
another happening right now we here in
New York City people care and for us the
element with the dollar
oh this is the source oh okay just went
to the bathroom we are in a coffee shop
right now I told him that I enjoy going
to the movies by myself sometimes and he
said that he looks at people by
themselves with Jesus Freak next
so the date went really well obviously
so here I am at boobies are s preparing
for what's to come
just kidding like I said I'm meeting a
friend of mine at this event that I'm
speaking out later who just had a baby
so I'm here buying the present basically
I think I'm even know you had to
freaking carry your bottles and a
temperature protecting thing hashtag not
a way to between exit yes Liz right yeah
the dress it's in those bottles cool
well thank you for older frickin help
seriously like I you just literally
stimulus I was like oh this looks really
good let me get one and then I saw lock
station cookie I don't even know what
I'm doing here okay thank you so much
just enough time to pull a run that's
when you know it's a good day okay so
drop by at home for a quick wardrobe
change can't really see my outfit too
much in here but I'll show you guys my
first time at the Tribeca Film Festival
it's my first time any film festival
actually I'm pretty sure I'm speaking
they're so cool that I'm going there for
YouTube you know pretty exciting
Lawrence coming with me oh yes the baby
present because we'll just assembled it
in the faculty board yes how Q but those
people are all here for the event
hey what's going on fun ice cream two
nerds are super here yeah oh cool
chalkboard Florin already with a drink
in her hand didn't even house doing
we got some lip bed with some straw
smile camera we are in the speaker's
room thing right now and as I was
walking in through the elevator
downstairs I found out that we got a
problem so oh yes okay this is the fit
I'm saying got some got some snatch
happening okay and and so I'm wearing
these heels and you're look I'm wearing
these heels and look oh my god it's
helping all you feel boring like you see
how it's like it's not gonna fall off
that's like one bad stuff away to be
continued if I follow my astronaut wall
month page at the Tribeca Film Festival
so yes I am a YouTube creators for a
change fellow in partnership with vice I
could not be prouder or more excited one
of the things I was most excited about
is seeing just how much diversity is
represented in the fellows of this class
YouTube knows exactly what they're doing
amazing people working on this I'm just
so honored that they identified me as
someone that they want to be a part of
that vision this channel is going to be
churning out some balm ish just getting
a kiss a bomb remember because I'm
Muslim yeah Lauren all that wine is for
us are you cool already okay
didn't I tell you twice at noon finishes
sentence to get private wine as opposed
to ones going on outside except I don't
even drink
so like enjoy Lauren sure you're
drinking drink for the boating
all right
only one refinement to come to the
stages because my name is Imani founder
and editor-in-chief of Latina girl calm
is the largest platform in the country
for motivation I was exclusive middle
east for the first time totally changed
my life
I thought aligned extensively in my book
Muslim girl available on Amazon Barnes
Noble book there's ahaha
and now with a programmer creators for
teens and empowering points like my the
art - wise and also to follow advices
footsteps of their legendary
storytelling - thank you so much for the
opportunity
okay it's done I spoke Laureen how did
it go well also sadly my friend that I
got the baby president for left before I
could give it to them I swear the baby
president is not for me I was totally
joking my feet are killing me
you see pumps right here oh my god so I
think that we're gonna head out soon yes
Lord stay tuned and it is without a
doubt that your support your support
literally allows this moment to happen
so thank you so much I can't wait I
can't wait just like give you guys more
you know so Haddam I have to like
pixelate your more gloss
that's pretty oh sit down
geez
