what's a family I already know that this
video is late but on my channel for my
suhoor gang I decided that I just once
like make a video about this because
it's been like a long time coming this
is like one of the things that is most
commented on my social media ever so I
figured that video bout it's probably
long overdue why not like just address
it now because it's like kind of become
unavoidable at this point and it's just
I just want to get it like I kind of
want to just like have a video that I
can like reference to people if they
bring it up again
but basically you already tell by the
title of this video what it's about is
about my nail polish / my name's um
for those who don't come from with some
background you might be kind of confused
like who are we talking about your nail
polish like why we talk about your nails
it's because well there are some Muslims
that believe that wearing nail polish
creates a barrier on your nails from
ablution water you know like Muslims
perform ablution water before they pray
and some believe that if that that
process like that ritual of ablution is
obstructed by something like nail polish
then it like invalidates your prayers
and stuff like that and so that's why I
get a ton of comments on my social media
all the time from especially like my
Muslim followers and stuff being like
how do you write nail polish is a new
polish Haram like how do you even pray
especially when I have like claws on
then people are just like even more so
like nail polish and fake nails oh my
god like how is this girl like praying
is she even Muslim and stuff which i
think is absolutely ridiculous but i
kind of wanted to speak to that because
i feel like a lot of people assume from
my social media because like they don't
even know me that i just like do things
without any thought or any regards like
my religion and stuff when that couldn't
be the farthest from the truth i would
like to think that i'm very
conscientious and deliberate with my
actions and i'm very mindful of those
actions
and I spend a lot of time really just
contextualizing a lot of my decisions
within Islamic theology by that I mean
like basically the principles that our
religion was founded on and how that can
manifest in my everyday life and you
know me making the decision to wear nail
polish and express myself with my nails
the way that I do is part of that like
I've actually thought about this so I'm
I'm gonna explain what my thought
process is behind my nails and I want to
start out by saying that first of all I
have to make clear like what my what
what my opinion about Islam is which is
that it is intended to make our lives
easier never more difficult there's even
a hadith a prophetic saying in which he
stated that this second Islam starts
making our lives more difficult you know
you're doing something wrong okay like
not verbatim but that's the gist of it
and I'm like literally wholeheartedly
believe that because that's the way that
it's almost practiced 1,400 years ago
when I was first revealed to the people
it was meant to be something progressive
and you know just it helps people live
better lifestyles it's not supposed to
be something that you know you feel as a
burden or it's like really hard or you
know just almost like almost like
punishment sometimes the way that people
like apply it and stuff and it really
just boggles my mind have a lot of times
people choose like the hardest way to
practice religion to practice religion
period and when that might not even be
the point of you know whatever thing
that they're focusing on in the first
place
so that's the first thing right like
that's where I'm coming from is that
Islam isn't meant to make things more
difficult supposed to ease our lives and
our lifestyles second thing that I want
to make clear is that I believe every
Muslim is entitled to study and
interpret their religion and apply their
religion to themselves depending on
their own circumstance and their
understanding and their own
interpretation you know I am NOT a
person that believes religion is
one-size-fits-all and I don't think that
as some was intended to be
one-size-fits-all either and I don't
think that interpreting Islam should be
reserved solely for like Imams or
scholars or people that we deemed to be
socially you know competent to be the
ones to interpret Islam or how we're
supposed to practice it for all of us I
think that Islam was intended to be for
the layman it was intended to be for the
person on the street for any human being
to get and to be able to connect with
and understand it's not some like
sphinx-like language or something it's
literally just a way of life and
obviously I mean that has to be done
responsibly like have to study into your
research and you know not intentionally
try to like cut corners and stuff like
that but like actually consciously get
at the heart of what our religion
intended you know that is some people
want to say that that is very feminist
of me I just think that's very Muslim of
me I think that these are principles
that are embedded within our religion
and inherent to practicing Muslims and
finally before I start my explanation I
want to say that in keeping with
everything that I just mentioned this is
solely my interpretation I'm not trying
to issue a fatwa here and I'm not trying
to basically tell all your daughter is
in like all girls watching this or ever
like yo go put on nail polish like it's
cool but I'm like follow me listen to
what I'm doing copying me and stuff like
that no I'm just trying to like lead by
example of thinking about things for
ourselves asking questions for ourselves
and just being conscientious in the way
that we practice our religion rather
than mindlessly practicing it the way
that someone's spoon-fed it to us or
told us that we're supposed to practice
it or told us how we should practice it
in our own lives when they're not in our
shoes and for those watching this video
that are particularly interested in this
topic I highly
encourage you to simply use this as a
stepping stone into that discourse in
that dialogue and she supplement this
with research of your own and you know
just thinking about it on your own terms
as well and yeah just being mindful
being conscious so nail polish yes
many Muslims believe that nail polish
creates a barrier to ablution water and
that invalidates prayer and that's
totally fine by a hundred percent
respect that interpretation I think it's
perfectly legitimate I'm not
discrediting that at all wholly respect
that so that there are some people that
believe that and Muslim girl we even
launched the first brand collaboration
in American history from muscle woman in
the u.s. marketplace
with nail polish um with a formula that
is Erin moisture permeable for those
women that do believe that because even
if you yourself might not necessarily
agree that doesn't mean that we should
not give space to all women to practice
in their own way the different forms
that they choose to apply their faith to
their lifestyles so a hundred percent
stand by that on a personal level I
personally don't think that nail polish
invalidates your prayer and I'll tell
you why first thing is that it's
impossible to deny that in today's
society in today's culture you know
wearing nail polish is something that is
really you know attached to a lot of
people's identity right it's kind of
like a cultural standard almost it's
definitely a cultural norm and it's
something that like a woman like myself
feels compelled to do and yes it can be
a very gendered practice it's something
that for me like this is definitely like
a compulsive way that I choose to
express my femininity and my womanhood I
just I like this is how I choose to
express that you know it's like
something that's important to me
basically a lot of Muslim women wear
nail polish so to say that Muslim women
are obligated to for example remove
their nail polish before they pray and
Muslims pray five times a day and then
reapply their nail polish in between
and to have to do that like that is
ridiculous and burdensome and to say
that women are thus denied to write nail
polish at any point I think is just like
unfair
one of the reasons why I feel that way
is because back in the day like during
Prophet Muhammad's time peace be upon
him he actually said that you know like
a lot of men wore turbans and he
actually said that men who wear turbans
don't have to unravel the turban every
time they perform ablution right and
that was a way to kind of give like a
comfort to people that you know the
process of getting up performing
ablution performing prayer and worship
to your Lord shouldn't be something that
makes your life more difficult and
becomes like an annoyance multiple times
throughout the day you know he
understood that for these men to like
unravel their turbans then have to
likely wrap it and all that stuff it's
twisting like it takes a lot of time and
stuff like that so he basically gave
them a pass and said you don't have to
do that right and and that's the thing
it's like I feel like a lot of thought
was and a lot of interpretations of
Islam have been traditionally issued by
men and so when it applies to women you
know if you apply that same logic I
believe if you apply that same logic to
nail polish then why shouldn't women be
able to just wipe over them their nail
polish just like men are able to just
wipe over their turban right it's like
we give that comfort and that passed to
men because you know the men who are
issuing these because like men get it
like they experience that right but it's
when it's an experience that is largely
identifiable to a woman we disregard it
right and we pick like the harder route
for women like no you have to remove
your nail polish but it's okay if we
keep our turbines on I think that
doesn't make sense to me you know so to
me that signals that one ease and
comfort like these are important things
to know within our religion and that
Islam isn't supposed to be more
difficult and to that the process the
ritual of ablution doesn't come down to
the physicality right like would you
isn't intended
should be something physically purifying
because let's face it you know like a
site from whistle of course like the
actual like entire bathing ritual and
stuff like ablution it's not like you're
literally wiping yourself clean and
stuff like that if anything it's a
spiritual ritual it's something that is
supposed to mentally prepare you for the
worship that you're about to engage in
right to clear your mind to get right
and that's why if you don't if you don't
have access to water that's why God says
it's okay for you to use send right like
when you perform ablution and stuff sand
doesn't have sand obviously isn't gonna
make you cleaner wiping yourself down
down with sand is not gonna make you the
cleaner person but it's not about that
it's about you engaging in that ritual
that ritual of preparation before you
engage God that's what it comes down to
right like in my opinion that's
something that I interpret it and to me
this is me using like my rational
logical thought and then in addition to
all of that to wear nail polish doesn't
and then of course to continue off of
that wearing nail polish doesn't take
away from that ritual right just because
we were a nail polisher we have nails on
and stuff like that doesn't mean that
we're gonna excuse ourselves from
ablution or you know like cut corners
with ablution like oh I'm not gonna wash
my hands or whatever it's like no we're
still we're not cutting any corners
we're still performing every step that
is required of us for evolution and just
doing so with like a nail polish on and
stuff and so in my opinion it should
equally qualify so you add to that
example of men wearing the turban the
Prophet peace be upon him also gave a
pass to women who have their hair
braided right because at that time it
was very common for women to like braid
their hair up and stuff like that and so
when they were cleansing themselves the
Prophet basically said you don't have to
undo your braids for the water it's like
touch every strand and stuff it's it's a
physis for you to just wipe it down and
I think that that's really cool like
these are qualities that I seriously
love and value and appreciate about
Islam they're part of the reason why I
love Islam and so to see such like
widespread you know like interpretations
that kind of
to me it go against that almost or miss
the point
usually missed the point it's just sad
because it's like negating the very
essence of what our faith is intended to
do you know it's like we're getting so
caught up in like the little trivial
things like the little arbitrary things
rather than focusing on the bigger
picture of what these different
practices what purpose they're intended
to serve and so that's where my focus is
so basically when it comes to my nail
polish my nails that's where I'm coming
from um and I just want to like put that
out there and I hope that this is
encouraging for young women and girls
out there to feel like they can't have
open and honest conversations about
these things and to not fear entering
into these territories where we ask
questions and where we like use our
minds and actually think about things
and question certain things and stuff
like that I mean I think that Islam
encourages us to question things because
Islam has so much confidence in itself
that's the perfect religion that it
knows no matter what questions you ask
you always come back to the source and I
will hardly believe that and so that's
why I've never been discouraged or
scared or I would never shy away from
asking those hard questions because I to
have faith in my religion that I'll get
the answers that I need and I choose - I
choose to do that on my terms I choose
to rationally use my mind and be a free
thinker you know so yeah before I dig
the hole deeper for myself or this gets
any more controversial I think I'm gonna
wrap this up but you can see where I'm
coming from
and trust me I have similar internal and
external dialogue about many other
things that II that a lot of people
criticized me on about social media I
get hate for on social media and stuff
so it just shows like you should never
judge somebody you know like you should
never judge someone's faith by what you
see on the outside or what you assume of
them and if you want to see more videos
like this you know like another really
big thing that probably like exceeds the
nail polish thing
in terms of comments on my social media
is the way that I choose to wear my
hijab as you guys already know or like
my floor I'm showing her maybe some
other things too
but you get the picture so yeah as
always make sure you like comment and
subscribe
stay real stay hustling and stay poppin
