okay so i haven't uploaded in a couple
of days and that is because i have been
really thinking more and more
consciously about what i want to create
here I've been thinking more and more
about the stories that I want to tell I
have shot edited so many videos that I
just have left by the wayside and like
not really used because I don't feel
like sharing it and like lifting it up
on my channels I'm not like super
passionate about it right so instead
I've just been kind of taking a step
back and reflecting more and more about
what it is that we want to accomplish
here you know I have an event coming up
actually a couple events coming up in a
country that will be my first time ever
visiting so I thought I'd on the
occasion of Easter might as well talk
about that over some brunch hey guys so
so sorry we're going to get my baby oh
my god your yogurt sauce ginger happy
you know why not scary but like just go
for it but now if your juicers are loud
tonight so what is my story to be an
all-time videos maybe posting like um I
don't know what this means yes right
like I just know that I want to be
creating but I mean I guess that's why
you're here right so that we can figure
that out together we're going to
Barcelona for the Internet age media
weekend was good was Lauren's coming
with me after what seems like mission
impossible of her getting her freaking
passport ready and assuming London
finally and then we're visiting baddies
in Madrid for the sustainable brands
conference and I said be more excited
excited I'm super same here we go I've
been looking forward to visiting Spain
for such a long time really excited
about both conferences you're going to
be freaking phenomenal and of themselves
Laurens first trip outside of the yuan
eyes first
outside of flexibility what question are
you trying to enter on this trip how
much of a spirit am I good one we're
going to do things we've never done
before talk to people we've never
normally would come across and a Chinese
name where did you say the other day
take it as puzzled me I invited up a
puzzle piece of yourself that I would
never normally create myself what
question what question am I trying to
answer well in this pain fuck you you be
all know when we get there but it's
raining you're going to ruin your
camera's video yeah i was reading this
thing online about how the full moon
right now is called the pink moon and
how it's supposed to illuminate a lot of
relations and connections that you have
in your life the good and the bad and it
signifies new beginnings by confronting
those challenges that you're afraid of
and I think for me you know my I've been
wanting to do YouTube for such a long
time that I stopped myself from doing it
because I was so scared of failing and
of people thinking that I stopped or you
know the stories that I'm telling isn't
valuable isn't worthwhile I started
thinking about if it should matter if
other people like it or not right does
it really matter because everyone has
their own unique voice their own unique
story and everyone's voice everyone saw
everyone's personal narrative deserves
to be shared with the world and I want
to share mine so user or not I just feel
like sharing a story I really wish I
cast all those fears away and disappear
but it's a pink moon now on top of it
signifying new beginnings it also rained
today I don't know about you but in my
culture rain signifies good luck and
blot tidings
did you see the phenomenon adjust to
place the sound that was a stampede of
hipsters running into a whole foods in
williamsburg through the searchers
LaHood me up including on april showers
bring May flowers things that right
Lauren I cannot answer that question yet
about the question that i would like to
answer over there but i think that i
would really like to be inspired to
create I want to learn a new culture a
new language because anything more life
more life more everything you know like
kind of like a prick exactly it really
is you gotta like prix with lawrence got
a prick the finger as what's going to
come out i'm just like let it out no
little lettuce inspiration is that
morbid yeah
I should not be eating my brain but
let's go in anyway French page tubes are
my weekend my friend was telling me
about this Ashley the other day who's
famous asking they don't know like
maecenas but he takes the longest the
lawn de- two crows to teach yourself
patients in a world with no
gratification
in less annoying ways my female of
religion I actually feel guilt right now
so I'm hitting it off my personal
trainer turn how about two days sorry
about conquering killer reg we got here
super fast you know why register because
they always underestimate first mind
where thanks to longer but it's usually
the shortest it'll come curve is it
thank you thank you she complimented
message ugh instead it looks like a
desert woman mm-hmm buy it that's the
aesthetic mmm what what are they on
batting uses arabia will get up a little
bit racist revolution no it's not part
of that seeking inspiration has been me
reflecting a lot about my own creative
process to and why it is I do what I do
and I'm afraid of rediscovered by
creating is not just the sort of therapy
for me but literally like a lifeline now
it's like it's come full circle because
this week there is a really exciting
announcement happening that I can't talk
about yet but I will as soon as this up
about something new that I'm going to be
doing right here and I I can't wait see
what's to come thanks for coming along
for the ride and make sure to LIKE
comment and subscribe because of a pro
you to work
so
