that was an interview I did with Russell
Simmons today coming soon on Muslim girl
calm what's up family so since my last
video not only did we hit it head
breaking Karen 10 10k 10k but as I'm
recording this video we are at over
12,000 subscribers my family rules PPO
literally just recorded a 3k Q&A a
months ago Olo crazy so to celebrate I'm
recording the 10k Q&A I literally could
not wait until I hit 10k wrapped up in
my evil eye over here ward off the evil
spirits a Kadem haters so that's right
those are my favorite let's dive in
shall we
what inspirational person who was there
before you were born would you like to
meet really good question if it was just
one person then probably you are already
naked there is no reason not to follow
your heart but it would be really hard
to choose between I remain Malcolm X as
long as there's a need to protest and
struggle and fight against the injustice
'iz and our people are involved in in
this country do you think more positive
representation and media helps rotten
people try some black people who are
from a different backgrounds yes in your
Idol Society what would these three
things you would like free tampons no
student debt technologies that will
allow me to eat whatever I want without
becoming obese what gave you the idea of
starting youtube haha funny story
actually it was a result of somebody
asking me what my hobbies were and me
realizing that Muslim girl McCollum
literally was my entire life and that I
didn't have hobbies anymore so I've
always been really passionate about
storytelling and recently I've become
more and more passionate about doing so
through the visual medium so I thought
that YouTube would be the perfect
creative outlet for me what is your
ultimate goal in life wow that's a great
question
be happy how do I get more matches on
bumble because these bass playing games
feel me you should ask that question
during muslim girl comms Twitter
conversation on Monday that bumble will
be participating in can I have some
please today was the first day of school
at my teacher idealist appear first
answering some questions and one of the
questions was who's the inspiration and
why and I wrote a manual katate could
choose dope 8's and they asked you
turned it in like that another question
just once we thank you you don't bsq
alright my friends that's all I have for
you for this one I know this was a
pretty short Q&A so let's be honest who
really wanted to Q&A anyway right I'll
be in the comments as usual if you want
to leave a comment below with your
question so sorry if I wasn't able to
get to your question except for that boy
ones don't use Q&A to slide up into the
DM be sure to LIKE comment and subscribe
and I'll see you later they like aren't
you adorable I know the question
rhetorical
