what's up family surprise look so I can
see the resemblance
for those who don't know I am featured
in this month's print issue of Days
magazine and the activists feature and I
could not be prouder to be alongside
some of these dopes freaking phenomenal
people I am actually in two print
magazines this month March issue of Days
magazine and the March issue of Glamour
Brazil don't have that print copy yet
nudge-nudge glamour Brazil I posted some
Polaroids from it on Instagram Jersey
roots global reach baby just getting
back from my first South by Southwest
ever in Austin Texas I gave a solo talk
there definitely exceeded my
expectations
and I had a ton of fun I also did a Teen
Vogue and Urban Outfitters panel
alongside the beautiful Lauren from
fifth Harmony's but you probably already
knew that love you Lauren aka bestie I
teamed up with Forbes and Bumble where I
got to sit across from bumble founder
Whitney Wolfe herself and ask her any
business related question that I want
you can check out the Forbes women
Facebook page for the full of discussion
in slide but basically I definitely got
a taste of that southern hospitality and
no I did not want to leave thanks self I
thank you for an amazing time for
bringing me out for the invitation now
all the crazy activities that we had
going on at South by like goes so
overwhelming multiple things going on at
once at any given time period it kind of
reminded me of field day in elementary
school I want to else have those you
know field day it's like a day for us it
was like at the end of the year the
entire school gets to go out on the
field there's all these fun activities
that are like pause not actually bomb
activities that'd be kind of dangerous
for unless you like me to say I just
need to throw this disclaimer in there
because that's enough to get that an
essay on my ass you know well that
reminded me
happen to be traumatized by field day
and I'll tell you why on my very first
field date of life and first grade of
elementary school I got suspended yes my
first time getting suspended was it
first great
first great what the heck is a fresh
screener even capable of to get
suspended in first grade before I get
into the story of what I could have
possibly done to get suspended when I
was a miracle I think of all of you guys
like a little back story okay just to
add another layer of effed-up to this
entire situation for those who are new
or might not necessarily know me
one major fact about me is that I'm a
very artistic person obsessed with
crafts and the creative side of things
you know no way yeah and not intended to
brag or anything whatsoever though
obviously yeah my talent and passion for
the Arts really was apparent at a very
young age I really have no idea where it
came from but the arts were kind of all
I had oh yeah so as such our class had
our annual play the end-of-the-year play
it was gonna be like the last hurrah
before we all graduated from first
screens went on to second grade
everybody in our class was involved
everybody had a role my role in the play
wasn't like an actress or playing the
part of a tree somewhere on set or
something like that for my first great
play I got the position of being stage
director stage director that's right me
director age six what's good a stage
structure it was basically my six year
old asses responsibility to literally
draw the entire set every single
backdrop we had for each of the
different scenes that was on me and it
was so cooling I literally love this job
I still remember for one of the scenes
it was frog and toad you guys remember
those books yeah
remember all the other scenes that I
drew but I literally poured my heart and
soul into these set design I held my
position as the stage director to such a
high esteem it was like the first
probably the first leadership position
that I ever was like actually tasked
with you know like aside from being a
big sister for a six-year-old that's
like major you know that means like I
felt like somebody like he gave me a
sense of self I sent this purpose I'm so
freaking proud look at the way I'm
talking about it how many years later
now why is this so significant because
that year our annual play landed exactly
on the evening of field day so like at
the end of the year we're gonna have
field day a K an entire day of
activities non-stop fun and that's the
best part was that I had our beloved
play look forward to in the evening I
could not wait probably way more excited
for the play that I was for field day
and my parents knew about the play to
the extent where they had been planning
in advance to attend to be there and
support me to videotape it and checked
it off on their schedule if you have
their parents then you would know it's a
big freaking deal when your parents are
actually taking seriously something as
seemingly pointless as like a first
grade school play unit I mean like it's
a big freakin deal this is a family
affair
just a little cultural cliff notes racer
now this is the part of the story in
which my aggressiveness makes one of its
earliest appearances in my life and was
foreshadowing who I would become so like
I said for field day basically the
entire school is out on the field
there's activities in every corner of
like our soccer field or track field or
something going on everywhere elementary
school raised itself by Southwest and
I'm just like whoa but the problem is
that since the entire school is outside
on this day the Lions are freaking
ridiculous like dozens and dozens for
like one activity not gonna lie I'm
probably dramatizing this part but to me
that probably was like oh my
I'm gonna be here forever the lines to
my mind are like Disneyworld long and
some things never change we all know how
impatient I can be my spoiled little
child self obviously will not stand in
line for that long and wants everything
her way of course yeah some things
really never changed so I picked my
favorite activity of course I like go
get on that line and while we first
graders are on line some negotiations
start to happen I may or may not have
been the mastermind guys these
negotiations some start letting other
students cut others trade places some
make actual trades to get in front of
the other it's like online and stuff
like that straight up arteries like we
are literally like in negotiations at
this point this is serious we're all
like you know sweet-talking finessing
Samantha I got you Chelsea we're good
bring today my firstborn after Becky I'm
gonna stand up in the front Thank You
Timothy Thank You Brandon I'm over here
three people away from the front I
elevate myself mind you this was so
serious to me at the time but I have no
recollection of what his activity even
was it was probably like some tunnel we
have to climb through or something just
to keep it in perspective of the caliber
so now I am turnt up I have feeling my
best self I'm all the way in the front
of the line everyone else is behind me
I'm like so excited I'm coming up next
and then of course some first grade
square is tough you're in it for the
rest of us someone somewhere along the
way ends up getting their feelings hurt
some payoffs first-rate BS someone has a
conflict with the position that they are
now and not my problem but you know
first great diplomacy and whatnot so
they go and tell the teacher and of
course the teacher rolls around and it's
like children get your asses back in the
line in the order in which you were in
prior to these negotiations so I will be
here like this like once you mean undo
all these negotiate
time is money by the way thanks for the
swag urban do you understand how much
time I spent bartering this ish I
literally just gave up my homemade pita
hummus falafel lunch to get closer up in
this life what do you mean we have to go
back to where we were
what's your talk because of that
freaking Becky freaking Becky freaking
Becky she's the one who snitched to the
teacher it's always a freaking Becky and
it just so happened to be that Becky was
the girl that was literally directly in
front of me in the line yo girl is
literally seizing right now and this is
the moment in which I do something that
I literally will never be able to forget
and tell the day I die yo girl little
six-year-old Imani probably and like an
overall dress or something at that age
probably with my hair and an innocent
little ponytail my chubby cheeks
exceptionally cute and utterly harmless
my turnt little booty tops her on the
shoulder and says I wish I can kill you
after school okay probably way less
menacing than that it was more like a
mumble like wish I can kill you after
school
okay that really wasn't that much better
but you know what I mean basically I
told this girl that I wanted to kill her
after school because she caught me in
line for field day hashtag first grade
good for those watching and now you know
never to cut me in line JK
not really what does little Becky do the
only possible thing we can expect from
Becky of course she told the teacher wha
50y Becky why next thing I know the
teacher is circling back around over to
me little first grade Imani Hey and she
goes Imani did you threaten to kill
Becky after school and of course I was
like No
my ass got sent to the principal's
office girl I literally was extracted
from field day instantly where my
comment was taken as a serious threat
that I will kill Becky after school I
was in the principal's office for what
felt like hours they called my mom like
that alone is really traumatizing for a
child right she had to come to school
and that was a really heavy weight for a
six-year-old me I didn't know why it was
such a big deal but like I obviously
wouldn't kill her you know but the
principal would not have it and she made
the fateful decision to suspend me for
one day just for the remainder of the
day which doesn't seem like a big deal
except that remainder of the day
included the play in the evening that I
was so looking forward to for so long
and that I had worked so hard for it as
you can tell I'm still heartbroken about
it to this day it just like doesn't make
sense to me how could you do that to a
child like all right I get it
cool to spend a French grader over like
a death threat makes sense
absolutely but like an annual activity
that was taking place that evening after
school hours were over after the school
day was done and something that like
obviously everyone knew how passionate
obsessed I was and how hard I worked on
this play right and they basically
denied me the ability to see all that
hard work come to life
even in the midst of all of that like
knowing that I was suspended knowing
that my mom was disappointed in me all
of that like the one thing that I kept
asking was and the play too and the play
to that point I didn't remember
it's filled a even like I didn't care
all I cared about was this play it's so
funny because it seems like it's not a
big deal but like we all know that at
that age where children stuff like that
is a big deal like little moments like
that really just stick with you them
messing me up like that really works
because to this day I have never
threatened a person's life again even if
I want to touch my friends like I'm
gonna kill your ever I literally like
never say that I say like I will kill or
like something like that yes it was good
training for NSA surveillance right no
like seriously at that time I'm lucky a
death threat from a Muslim kid like me I
probably would have went to jail like
I'm at the clock kid like that was a
clock my death threat giving ass would
have gotten sent to Rikers Island one
moment that I will never forget from
that day was when I finally arrived home
you know after my mom picked me up from
school early that day I walked in
through my front door in my old house at
that time right in front of the door
there's like a huge stairwell that went
to our second floor as soon as I walked
in I looked up and I could see my dad in
the hallway like at the top of the
stairs running across the stairwell
juggling this like camcorder that he had
in his hands he had just pulled out so
he could like tapes at night at the play
for me and holding in his arms and then
he like stopped he caught me like
walking through the doors and he looked
down at me and he just like shook his
head slowly like this and she walked
into his room traumatising so that's my
story of my first time getting suspended
when I was in first grade first time
getting suspended Imani does that mean
there are other times guess you'll have
to tune in to find out who youtuber
really appreciate you supporting me on
this new platform and my journey here
keep an eye out for all of this stuff
from South by Southwest I'm gonna be
uploading on Instagram on social media
over the next couple of days because the
FOMO is real have you guys ever been
suspended I have
feeling that my subscribers are
troublemakers so I want to hear them
tell me some of your stories be sure to
LIKE comment and subscribe I will see
you for my next video bye
