we're talking about something against
video my house like five minutes before
my next stop Roma trade right now okay
scratch camp got to your video except
you okay right now I like five is my
Papa's back oh yeah okay so for those
who don't know this little brother in
here we recommended from our Christmas
College oh yeah I like I like religion
like that but this is sorry some of my
little brothers dream that you just had
like cute I do mean wild so I thought
would start to put you off was like here
to tell the stories we're going to talk
about doppelgangers just how many people
know about like what doppelgangers
actually are a little bit creepy
actually beauty and their scream
reminded me of that which can be a
different video super loud in here we're
like humming from the Refresh essence a
bunch of browser college kids know I had
a dream I could travel time so for some
reason I decided to travel time for a
few years back it was young the Maddie
do it like where it was our old house
and on this is my house where Matty
started local girl we were having a
family gathering in the living room and
I found my cousin and everything's are
all like really youngest like that I
think they hide isms like being at stake
and like recognized because like a mere
for the future whatever but I guess we
all call me as like little using that
time for some like this money
the way he went back in time everybody
was basically at the age that went back
in psychology and so was I apparently my
phone my phone was a key to time travel
and went around the corner I where
Maggie's room was and then when I was
here Manny's room a Manny was like on
her bed her knees up you know her old
laptop was on and she was like this
typing you know like really tighten up I
like if you see a yearbook photo would
you do it like over here protect
yourself the Halloween exact and Manny's
that I saw on the bed and then on the
end of the bed it was like what pictures
of like so fruits every Muslim Grove
logo and then like cut out some like
rays of Punjabi models I guess she was
like imagining a magazine or something I
was like honey it's me I'm from the
future and then you're like ha ha ha
give me my charger and I was like no
like I'm beat it's a tiny I'm in the
future and then like she's looking to
give me my charger like getting weirder
in her and I was like I'm Annie like I'm
letting you know this what's happening
right now what the girl is going to
change your life I mean it means a lot
to me I guess I was like you look at
those motivating her something like that
loudly you know like Daddy like ya
thought you were trying to tell me that
in a couple of years ago
oh yeah I was I get up there's gonna be
a thing called snaps I said I was like
Oh something about because we just
teenagers I was pretty keep doing my
silly told her I was like I'm Annie like
you're gonna have your own show and
actually discover you know on snapchat
like you don't even know what touches
but trust me in a few years she was like
whatever and so I went to the living
room to get her charger because I was
like okay like I said like she saw
delivering my message makalah she
doesn't all I think is that from the
future
it was living room when I checked my
phone my phone by 11 percent and then I
was like I gotta get out of here quick
like this era charges funny so I quickly
I went back in time and then I remember
like dress the process when I was like
transporting back in time I had the
biggest headache in my dream you ever
have a headache in a dream no I was like
impossible like I feel like I felt it in
my head too I was in my dorm at Rutgers
I was like oh my god I need a hold in
common to sit and you make sure that a
pupper time line because it's gonna be
sick
dependent and it's the Matthew he calls
me and then I woke up in the dream I'm a
dad like find out for you my I just came
here as you like talking about YouTube
or something I was like I very like I
could have like teacher like this maybe
when I was that age and we're just walk
into my room and try to tell me
something like that I liked was
Benedictus it was like go get my freakin
charger and freakin whoever I can
consciously change someday like you
never know maybe actually do whatever I
didn't go back this time to my dreams as
y'all I gotta pass a psychological
dreams like I'm pretty sure my psychic
America told me tha I was thinking about
it all day like you know so you have to
get something about it literally as if I
flip the street with a second stop
something about it after - consumption
so like our understanding of self Inger
is usually like oh your celebrity
doppelganger like someone that looks
like you but it's actually as much much
prettier stuff they will send Chris
website like lizard doppelganger goes
from a German word for German legend
secretly sorry for being wrong yeah by
the way the biggest example of a
doppelganger is the story once upon a
time there was a man and he was walking
down the street minding his own business
a whole like he's lived in this place
really clears and houses like his
neighborhood or ever casually like
walking down the street and his
neighborhood and as he's walking he
realized that a car is approaching right
let's parts of driving flies so he
looked up and you know it's just like
it's just whole neighborhood were giving
each other and everything look something
like the driver of it and the driver is
him right and leave the driver please
don't mind him just like pass along his
way or whatever was that like go well
they're very driver was like an older
version of him it was like a guy that
look exactly like him a good couple
years older and ever sees himself drive
past him right so this guy obviously oh
whatever it was probably like something
in my head like whatever he does really
think so much of it kind of like race it
off you know exactly the same way that I
did Micaela and the gin jars you know
let's live in your soul is that right
like a couple years later two years
later to live in the same neighborhood
obviously like if it sounds like
whatever a couple years online this man
like in this car my name is going to
split driving down the street as you
driving you notice that there's someone
like watching obviously or ever if you
look up as a person walking past him and
it's him and like a young girl looking
for a shoe that's what is the hope of
gang grizzly this is entirely asking
someone that looks like you can
literally see you like a different
version of me right like you
encountering up a past version of
yourself a future for preparation of
vehicles most people think of time as
linear right like on a timeline it's
like in things that have concrete past
you can't you can't do this with them
whatever the future it still hasn't
happened but there are serious about
time being multi-dimensional like
different parts of time all existing at
once
right so it's like literally your future
self cause literally increasingly simple
tourism on hangouts if you count as you
right now yeah there we have it all like
every channel possibility of like
happening or not happening you know as
much every like possibility that you
have a different outcome
yeah so it's like I was falling Amira
better clean my serious this is a
serious is a very you know you just feel
like bastard video is basically it's my
series but those different probabilities
right like those differently can like
possible outcome I believe like
currently exist all simultaneously so
we're conscious in this dimension like
in this dimension of time right but like
what happens when that got ripped in
time simply like when there's like
dimensions are literally like looks like
the same coin and you know what the
concept of where Bosworth like on time
is linear right but when it's folded you
can go through
I like this you know play it like that
my god you are in the Warner's head like
every hour in that new world is like 70
years after adoption outer space it like
less time is traveled and life here on
earth and they are like literally it's
possible for some people out inside a
season to survive like her mom comes
back with a few years later and be
looking to bridge a different time
period experience honestly like I'm
mostly interested in knowing where the
persons on the future is but it's coming
back to write the course of history
right now and like fix what just
happened like we didn't call back look
what's number two you coming at you hey
the other take medication good
everything we love you my stop is right
now makes it to like comment subscribe
look what happens her phone the whole
screen finally broke off today why you
gotta fight with me energy you know I
wanna go that band up tonight and I
think you know where mr. Singh said you
talked in
are you so swaggy but I forgot to
mention that I think I'm going to be
changing my upload schedule to every
Friday and Saturday what you guys think
saying we thought I said that these like
oh you videos like randomly like
uploading like every Friday Saturday yes
give you something support opening up
there's nothing comment below let me
know
