no I too much what's up sadly we are
here with up chap load I have another
challenge since Christmas it was my
little brothers I am doing this
challenge with Lauren my last video what
i was talking about living in DC like
where get a civil rights organization
luring was one of the insurance there's
a year that i started there and we
became like best friends they're like
she randomly ended up in williamsburg
the way that I found out was through the
near my friends on the facebook app
Lauren one mile away in williamsburg
brooklyn i hadn't spoken choice of two
years prior like sense that video like
and now he's in brooklyn you're standing
in my kitchen can you guess what
challenge we're about to do this job a
bunny challenge drove it but the chubby
bunny challenge was one of the first
challenges that I ever watched on
YouTube it's a throwback it's like a
YouTube classic they're not in 2005 I
hammerstein number one or two at trivia
and my brother is doing it and you're
like really and they put it like a whole
bunch of like marking them now we are
going to try it is literally weeks I
feel child trim you do all sick like
stuff my face like Marshall three of
those of you who are unfamiliar with the
chubby bunny challenge basically we put
it a marshal intervals I say chubby
buddy and I was going another muscle and
I'm out this bitch everybody i would
keep doing that and always see who can
still say chubby bunny with the most
marshmallows and their golf are you
cited Laureen yeah so girl Lauren is
just like really freaked out about the
videos that I made her watch might be
true and marshmallowy shot people with
like disgusting marshmallow like cruel
enero hopefully doesn't reach that point
and we both mutually agreed that if it's
about three stuff ways that we put this
at a screeching halt I just told her
that so she could agree to do this I'm
totally going to leave it in there I
feel like we should have favorite towel
just in case yeah already
I do how many we all read you another we
do it Ichigo do you know how hard it is
to find hello marshmallows like if I
find them i will keep eating them is
there a rarity it was like really
disgusting creature a so that was like
saliva so much y'all marshal in your
hair that's because I was drawing
marshmallows yo this is so funny because
like they're everyone because I've done
it like the chubby bunny challenge
xtreme and we can't use okay I'll go in
this bank city of a kitchen pass mom I
was out of house with four and she got
that three rounds to know we had pasta
sauce and I'm a little stressed out now
right that's a chubby buddy
come on huggy bunny the last a strong
game wrong I styrian all right oh I'm
crying from laughing sword do I can't
wash the bowl is an example of us rolls
up to this so like I already won two out
of three but I want to see a lauren just
hit for just four I did no you didn't
you didn't say till Lauren's goals if
they told me what he was for my glide
totally mad because I'm already
surpassed all right fine the gold sighs
I'm going to take your outfit six okay I
talk a lot of shit yeah I'm going to gag
it's real gertie I don't a bunny chubby
bunny chubby bunny is over foot
I want our round know you did oh my god
if you said without round is two in a
while I get all the time I want that
first round this is way too cool i've
washed up and still visa at marshmallow
in my hair hopefully you enjoyed this
challenge for infinite co reserve out
that was nonetheless and in kilimani
makes your sis like comment subscribe
and let us know what other colleges you
want us to do people they speak as if
you chose is wet and come back to my
channel tomorrow yeah i'm gonna
