what's up family back at it again with
another story time this is a story time
that I've been wanting to do literally
since i first started having the idea to
do youtube just because of how freaking
absurd the story is definitely like the
funniest things to happen to me this is
another story that I literally could not
script any better it's that crazy I know
when we gonna give this video one time
so I really hope this video it does it
justice this is a story that's
definitely old my friends absolutely no
because of the fact that it was
literally what happened was just so
freaking legendary legendary as in what
the hell like nobody could believe this
actually happened and when it did just
everybody and everybody my social circle
in college like me about it let's take
it back right like rewind back to
college this is like what is the
sophomore year of college or something
maybe sophomore junior year of college
so a little backstory I was records
University for those who don't know that
already I records the programming
Association hosts a concert every year
using students money basically so like
for tuition they charge us extra
programming fees or whatever and then
without programming monies they there
was this like huge free concert on
campus and it was complain about it
because they're going to put our
education money towards in concert hey
and our programming committees basically
has the unique talent of always being
able to pick off the artists right
before they blow up so during this
year's big sean was definitely hot I
think he had like a few bangers right
ever but he was like still on the
come-up right so this is like literally
right before big sean like hit like a
different caliber for example my
freshman year they had j Cole before j
Cole blew up at that time I remember I
was listening to j Cole like way back
like sent high schoolers before that I
remember getting angry about it cuz I
was like oh my god great now everyone's
going to be all mainstream about j Cole
remember being like such a hipster about
it like being pissed off but they're
going to host a concert with take hold
so yeah this year basically I was
absolutely on that big sean test i was
so excited hands down definitely going
to go all my friends it was our entire
like friends group whatever any went out
like it
we're early again why for this and
everything the big sean concert was
basically being held in the auditorium /
gymnasium thing that we had on campus
look imagine that we were throwing big
sean concert in our gymnasium on campus
another gymnasium where all the games
happened like the gymnasium as in like
where people work out as you can see
this was right before a big shot like
hit it big I've show up like when my
friends are already on line this line
for big sean concert is literally around
the freaking block like the block where
a gymnasium was which is like a huge on
the main road of our campus literally
the line was fitting all the way down
the block and around the corner that's
still nothing comprised of the
confidence that big sean shuts down
these days but like at the time that was
a lot of people so I show up hey das as
usual I think one look at this line I'm
just like I am NOT getting on this thing
so it was to my friends on like you know
what's going on everyone's just waiting
like the admitted or whatever and
they're like yeah they're starting to
file some people into auditorium so
we're just like waiting for our turn
it's just a fact about me is that I
always operate on Arab timing so like
I'm late to literally everything I've
tried to change my ways but it's
literally just like ancestral blood it's
like just built into me that I'd have to
be late for literally freaking
everything and yet I have absolutely no
patience to wait for any damn body
that's mad dusty I immediately was just
like hmm it looks my friends are like
okay you guys wait here you a on this
basic AF line and I'm going to go scope
and see if there's like a back entrance
for us to go in through somewhere so I
leave my friend and then I go around the
block where the line was and then go all
the way to the other side of the block
right like on on the other side of the
building out I'm walking walking walking
walking and coping scoping scoping I
happen to see a back entrance with
double doors wide open and someone
sitting at a table there with the
security or like secretary person
whatever it marking off every person
walking past her and like checking to
see if their idea how that they're like
unloading equipment or evers look like
all right that's the spot and I does
real nice walk straight towards the door
I feel like I had somewhere to be
something to do something to get puter
like super straight super sauce like
right posture and she didn't even stalk
me or ask who I was or anything so now
as you can imagine I'm just like I'm
like in through the doors oh my god
someone I have to keep this up execute
like you know acts like I know exactly
where I'm going like I belong here so
I'm like walking and like a couple of
feet in and there are two separate doors
right a door to the left and I start to
the right and they're both close and I
had no idea where either one of them led
to or what they weren't anything all my
people out there that speaking some
venues like this know how it goes you
cannot hesitate for a second you got to
just like keep it up and act like you
belong and you know exactly where you're
at and what you're doing not one foot
second I was like where do I go love to
write lists array and I was like forever
and I went through the door on the right
so now I'm in this like little corridor
like right in front of the right door
right I will reach for the door and I
pull it open a little bit a peek inside
yo holy it I am literally behind the
freaking stage what do I see in front of
me I see the entire auditorium like all
the audience obvious I was like oh my
god I'm in what ah at the same time I
was like okay as you thought about this
like I can't just walk him through these
doors because literally like everyone is
filing in right in front of me someone
is bound to see me there's like a
barricade between the stage and the
audience it's like as I walk in through
that I'm going to be caught right there
right slowly close the door past and if
you like a stand there all right let me
take a moment like think this through
let me think my strategy let me think of
a game plan about how I'm going to get
into this thing I'm like pondering my
life you know what I mean I'm just like
all right like what do I doing here what
am I going to do how we gonna do that as
I'm standing there out of the corner of
my eye I feel like a group of dudes like
in hoodies dark ass like sweat people
like that come up like next to me right
so they're like hovering was beside me
I'm till like you know it's thinking
like I'm keeping my thoughts recognize
their presence with their next to me so
I'm like all right guys
I literally can't believe the system it
happened still okay so standing around
the door knee deep in my thoughts deep
in my feelings pondering how I'm going
to get into this concert right now look
from backstage I'm like looking down or
something like I'm not looking up around
just like I'm thinking I'm thinking then
I say to the guys next to me alright
guys like how are we going to do this
how we're going to speak into this thing
right so like I said the question out
there like because obviously we're all
there for the same reason right
obviously we're older to see to this
concert otherwise what else are we doing
just like standing there right front of
the doors where nobody else is right and
a couple of moments pass by to complete
silence like I don't hear them responder
anything don't hear anything so I look
up next to me and right next to me is
Big Sean and his bodyguards it was
freaking big shot straight up recognize
him point-blank but it's like oh and of
course how was the only possible way
that my 19 year old ass could react oh
you already know I went straight for it
you guys oh my god bitch I can I get a
selfie police oh my god a facebook at my
friends I get a believer and then of
course my thirsty ass got the only
possible response but my sir she has to
get in that moment which was Big Sean's
like 7-foot 500-pound bodyguard getting
all to my facebook o.o just like booze I
got a free pass out and I ran out of
there and I here heading straight out
through the back and it went all the way
back to the front of the gymnasiums by
my friends and tell them what the hell
just happened how did Big Sean react you
ask he literally looked at me like the
biggest grub and like in his letters
just like straight out this dude just
started laughing at me yo meanwhile i'm
literally getting terrorized by his
bodyguard as like get scared and run
away i thought i was going to like get
busted or something he seems cool about
it
mind you I was only gone for my friends
for five minutes this entire thing
happened within the span of five minutes
imagine me like running back up to my
friends who literally were just like
shining in line over the span of these
few moments you guys will not believe
what does happen I just that big shot
and you literally were gone for like a
second what do you mean I was like no
you got to understand what just happened
I just thought that was crazy and tells
this day the people that I went to
college would still remember that story
we still bring it up sometimes like
house a good loss about it I put this
story as a status on facebook that night
I'm like everybody read in like white
didn't share this but like that because
it's just like so fricking while in case
you're wondering yeah we did eventually
get into the concert the right way
through the regular audience entrance
and we were on the floor and we partied
with big sean and it was a freaking
blast okay so that was my big sean story
finally I've been dying to share that
with the world so now it has been shit
if we put into the universe but sneaking
into concerts is kind of like a favorite
pastime of mine so he left about was
crazy just wait that's all i have for
you today hi to all my new subscribers
and this is growing family i'm so happy
to join me here thank you so much for
the support please like comment and
subscribe yo I'm getting better at this
YouTube thing right see members let me
know below what you would have done if
you were in my situation because like
honestly that was crazy am i right I got
to move I got to move oh I'm making move
throughout a mole do that
she made that back i made this lady move
I thought I make a city move I got the
move I make I got to move I got to move
I make him whole I'll make him
