I'm cooking up a home in my kitchen with
my mug of coffee just going this
actually empty but it goes really well
with the day for since I'm just like put
it here and it messed myself also
conveniently sitting right for the
saints you can't tell their dishes and a
hat I feel like my family on social
media online and this like growing
movement has really been expanding over
the past few months I've been really
excited to find new ways for us to get
to know each other better good timing
for a nice cute a post an Instagram that
wants out any questions as far as this
video platted this video it would be
great if you will help me answer these
questions yes I will be giving some
engines in this video but you just been
to the jumping pad I'm going to have
this video be too long so I'm really
starting to get your question or a bitch
okay so without further ado I'm going to
start answering some questions now what
would you say to the Muslim girl who is
worried that her hijab and religion will
impact her opportunities in the future
and it's low-key terrified of Trump
actually makes me really sad that I got
a question like that I would never tell
em with some women how to respond to
this increasing climate as a song for
you because it's different for everyone
one thing that I always say is that your
security is above all else definitely
protect yourself to do what you have to
do to make sure that you're safe and
you're okay for me personally it I would
never choose to compromise mind and it's
just something that I did when I was
child and that's some things that I
promised myself I would never do again
you being scared that people aren't
gonna open doors for you because they
don't like who you are or where you come
from those are serious but you shouldn't
even let get in the way if you're
missing out on opportunities because of
your job those might not be
opportunities you want in the first
place and trust me if you catch up on
those opportunities then ways are things
are going to follow me or loss of the
way it works it's called carbon I went
through a ton of that of a lot of doors
being slammed in my face for me to get
to where I am right now and the same
time the proudest of is the fact that
I'm able to say that I've got here
without compromising myself in the leaf
that's no excuse that's not to say that
it's cool or acceptable
okay by any means for an opportunity to
be lost on someone because their
religion their skin color there's
background or whatever walk of life they
may come from for us as as marginalized
people it's about my response to it and
I think the way that we should respond
to it is by us being loud AF and never
backing down and just keeps fighting
through it right like that's what people
call sport they call for a fight so just
keep fighting what do you think is the
best way squared Arabic by going to Nair
country's total immersion so is it
eilers Arabic was when my parents
decided completely uproot our family's
entire life in New Jersey and throw us
into Jordan and they enrolled me in a
public school that was a hundred percent
Arabic out of eighth grade level during
a time when it is no look in Arabic even
the testicles for erin's guys would seem
pretty Arabic but that total immersion
just like to force me to learn real
quick tandem also watching movies that
are arabic with english subtitles that
can really teach you a lot i learned
basic conversational spanish from
watching our goes as crazy as fuzzy
stealth how is college what was your
major any advice for incoming freshmen
what I studied in college great results
for this one of a double major in
political science and middle eastern
studies I double minored in
international relations and one was in
understudies and I got a certificate in
women's leadership and international
Burlington that might sound like a lot
but how I did that was and this is like
advice it against my little brothers
when they started college I basically
like South programs overlap really well
and that were huge passionate interest
of mine and then I would basically find
classes that satisfy requirements for
multiple programs at once like killing
multiple bruises one with the right leg
workout I graduated a hundred percent on
time to do it and it also was involved
with like every organization on campus
but I wanted to be involved in it was
always
that didn't do well structure you know
what it was a high school classroom or a
Polish one I was the person that kept on
walking into my classes like 30 minutes
late because I was under bed somewhere
like doing something or i would give
class completely and my attendance
record would be like props because i
felt like i were to put into practice
the things that we were learning outside
of the classroom more than just didn't
got a desk somewhere I don't think she
liked it called you back gonna do too
bad you punjabi living in the US how do
you deal with all the negative things
going on right now barely I think that
this is kind of a shared assurance
feeling amongst a lot of people most
Americans busy right now there's just
like this Paulo of like I wouldn't stick
impression because we're all too busy is
doing things and pushing back against us
to be depressed right now but a lot of
us are really exhausted and a lot of us
are really tired and sad and mad that we
have to keep fighting for our basic
human rights or our basic American Civil
Rights it is hard but it was the one
thing that gives me hope is knowing that
just as much as there are people out
there that hate us and want to get down
just because of what we choose to
believe in there are just as many it's
not more people that have our backs and
deport us and will stand up for us
didn't know that that's wrong do you get
depressed like everybody else and how do
you deal with it it's a great question
because I feel like people just see
what's on social media or you know they
see a bunch of accomplishments and
milestones and they think that a person
can't have anything wrong there they
must really feel confident all the time
and stuff when I was in college there
was a period of time where there was
like a huge heartbreak conflict i had
that i was dealing with and it reached a
point where there were days where i was
wondering if i was made to the next day
that's how bad it was
it was moments of hopelessness and total
English like those that just really
reminded me of how important my faceless
to me would not have gotten through that
survives on if i didn't have something
that I've we did so passionately like
that everything happens for a reason I
cooked with it by just recognizing that
this was a new challenge that I had to
overcome and that it was probably change
me for something bigger it was probably
exactly what I needed for whatever God
had in store for games not really just
taught me that there's light at the end
of the tunnel this is a really good
question what's your favorite thing
about yourself I love this question
because it always love hearing what
people have to say about themselves my
favorite thing about myself is my
undying loyalty I think I'm a really
loyal person sometimes to a fault that's
something that I appreciate about myself
especially is the more and more I
encountering snakes these days have you
ever been in italy / would you like to
PS you inspire me thank you I Ziza I
have never been to Italy which is crazy
his Italian is the language that I
studied the longest my entire life most
adjustment honey I know can spit on you
that's basically is like the last
Friday's I still remembers day Italian
those are all questions that I'm going
to get to for now I encourage my
subscribers to offer their own two cents
in the comments below thank you so much
for sending me your questions I love
hearing from you all and I so sorry that
I get your pups on this time I'm going
to do way more of these videos so
definitely keep an eye out for when I
post on social media I am almost 3,000
subscribers thank you so much if you're
just joining me on this journey so
excited to see where we go together
please like comment and subscribe
because that's what i wrote buzz if you
would like to ask me a question follow
me on the ground is a maggie very easy
to remember right i'll see you there
but i like it will be free Oh use
YouTube yourself like cool interest in
outros peace up a-town look we suggest
you do so many ah welcome to a town
