and weather like this we start city of
Maryland you like so I realized what I
have it is vlogging while I'm out here
which is so sad because half has been
here in cool months I've been feedings
come out here for a couple months and
now that I am out here like wow
literally my last map was that the
airport ok arriving and this is my first
immediate self literally amazing carnage
I'm just watching out of pph now where I
never presentation about Muslim girls
worked out words you ain't cooperating
with Lilly Singh what happened was I see
him looking from lips and bebe
whatsoever has been like the perfect
that he such for me after the past
couple weeks of insanity
most kind of just it it was like so much
work she about to but like looking girl
and the care package stuff apparently as
my friends came to New York for LA
Ranger of the school ended on myspace in
silver what is up among these I hop
right now is to get myself some
breakfast before my next meeting hope
that you all be proud of me to know that
I've been feeding in an uppper girl it
early every single day of my life that
I've been out here coming back with a
souvenir of several pounds on my head I
feel I feel even more hopeful now that's
what I did before I came out here
triple spent
but on
