we're in Dubai where were you bad
so I've been invited for a couple of
hours now please look at me hi I've been
not slept since that flight from Rio to
London I need to buy all the plane
lastly I was at the editing blog who you
guys don't worry exactly what you saw me
wearing in London and I have like how
many hours of travel on me right now
keep all of this in mind when I tell you
the following information in my current
condition I was straight from Airport
into a meeting with the Middle East
Regional Director of the United Nations
Development Programme from there oh my
god there's like a man outside of my
window right now you guys hello hello
isn't this a roof anyway it was really
nice she's an incredible woman we had
breakfast and coffee and it was the
perfect thing that I needed right after
getting off of a plane from there she
gave me a tour of the summit during this
tour of the summit I was introduced to
colleagues bosses other youths
representatives from around the world
like all with me running on negative
nine hours of sleep no makeup it's just
been it's just been it's been very busy
after all that finally I have made it to
my hotel room just in case you forgot I
thought I would remind you of how they
do it up here in Dubai this beautiful
bed business does put your boss lady
needs yeah this view with the random men
walking past it well check out the
buildings a full walk-in closet there's
literally enough space for me to chill
in here full size mirror of Tory's
better to check yourself out with my
dear Bam Bam Bam
it's toilet room out of the day and then
of course a skill to remind yourself of
how much weight you gain eating all
those Middle Eastern pastries so yeah
I'm gonna go shower finally and get
ready and actually look like a civilized
human being because we got some things
we gotta get to downstairs really the
only thing left that this hotel room
needs is some magical power that lets me
transform in no time
much better okay we're about to go in
there in a matter of like seconds how
can I quickly explain to you what I'm
doing from device so the United Nations
Development Program is heading the
knowledge summit 2016 it brings together
so many thought leaders from around the
world government official everybody
who's anybody basically in the art world
today I'm asked to have youth leaders
represented so we auction up with youth
leaders here representing like literally
every part of the Arab world I'm here
representing you know look at the
American Arab experience very honored to
be here of course and I'm basically
going to be trying to briefly explain
why our government should invest in
youth entrepreneurial ISM in the region
like the supply brothers
in America and has been more effective
in which in fact that stereotypes and
the deter presentation of the world from
when I was 17 years old with $70 wake up
America I was very privileged I had a
lot of resources available at my
fingertips and that's powered to be able
to become an entrepreneur and taking the
initiative to create a space that is not
excessive support Western companies and
brands come to mean regular he taught me
how to tap into who must let youth
demographic because it's so good and it
is so active especially a month
innovation within the sector it's the
best interest of Louisville to truly
that's the growth of you
the growth of their innovation and you
need to give them the resources that
they need it works three types of
companies media learners and things
allow me to create a vibe like asking
for results and establish state there
you who interpreted by reasonable okay
so we just ended the last session I
think the one really well if anything
people wonder wanted like the youth
portion lots even longer like our
contribution to the conversation the
organizer informed me that they're
working on it so basically one time that
we didn't have is the stepping stone
that they're going to use to try to get
like even more inclusion in the program
next year for you but so I'm really
proud to be here to help them you know
accomplish that the day might be over
here but the business days just started
back on the East Coast so I'm gonna head
to my room grab my laptop
let's go back downstairs for food get
some work done done
