is there were four christmas in arabic I
de Mesilla let's see if which means the
birthday of Messiah by the celebrations
I'm kami wasn't you down I'm a Christmas
tree oppressed go home gym ginger plants
is good that he everybody out he's
lobbying Chris what are you gonna go
patitos with bad teacher sorry principal
traitor The Chronicles
haha not my proudest if anyone oh man
huh what's your idea for my Christmas
video what's your final bow humbly oh no
no no what 10,000 friends hurry down the
chimney tonight
I thought I would get lit for you guys
you know I'm like blend in with the
decorations me last I mean it's supposed
to look ratchet hoes we're Muslim you
know how do we slowly fiscal matters go
ahead Johnny traffic honestly it
tomorrow he's got Instagram local it
because song says Jingle Bell who can
deny the bonding that happens during
Christmas time we all just turn to our
neighbors I'm literally all of America
comes to a screeching halt during
Christmastime inevitably my family comes
together as well we woke up this morning
like our mom like yelling at us for like
being messy as my little brother em near
misses him I thought a lot one of two
little brothers that I have you have the
book page 70 he is 18 years old and he's
currently a freshman Rutgers University
are you yeah I'm here is the youngest in
the family as such he is really annoying
and spoiled everything this is this now
but like in the end assateague camper
like they're gonna tie someone with
writing this damn book if it weren't for
me pushing you a very much this is
secret okay so we didn't even whisper
challenge these are my favorite
headphones ever i literally I love these
headphones more than I love him here ah
yeah I heard that okay and we're back
the camera died and then we magically
became more festive hey basically the
whisper challenge as you have to put
give one person the headphones has been
0 is canceling as any blast music which
is your Christmas music but almost did
beyonce's or as a blast music and the
other person has to try and see a
sentence in this case we're gonna say
Christmas sentences I'm I don't know
what's gonna come out of her mouth the
fellas oh la la la that's how I get a 1
shola we have a thing in Islam yeah it's
called inshallah inshallah but it's
notorious for being a word that we use
when it's like no it's like inshallah
inshallah so let's just start oh that's
why you smash the door by the base can
hear me ya know Rudolph can down better
than Santa where it all came down
hahaha Rudolph can dab better than with
Rudolph takes time better than Santa
though Santa Jenna hahaha stand top ver
know Rudolph can dad better than Santa
so he gets that point you know you do
not get weird how do I not electrocute
myself right now can you hear me Sansa
cheated on mrs. Claus Santa cheated on
this is pause with Rudolph the red-nosed
reindeer Santa cheated on mrs. Claus of
the rule you heard me like swear to god
it's like lots of physics because
there's so much yellow my house can you
hear me now okay don't yell the elf
eight mr. clauses what the l eight mr.
clauses wait video real the l eight mr.
causes favorite meal now now okay mr.
positives favorite meal hey mrs. Claus
hey mr. clauses favorite meal hey mrs.
closest family what should one more long
way il-8 mr. causes favorite favorite
meal favorite color size 0 0 8 mr.
Klaasen favorite meal Oh Zayn Malik
challenge Santa to a dance-off and lost
haha Dane's ewa baby zayn malik the st.
melon one challenged challenge on
Santa's loss challenge to a dance-off
and lost damn hands off what Dane Malik
challenged a big watermelon up CJ Santa
Claus that was to a dance-off took his
pants off
and lost Santa Claus I think it's safe
to say that the score is still 0-0 0
milky tea shall we go video is tricky on
me hello check and see if she's fine
whats that batsuit know that I didn't
know Robert Kardashian and Robert
Kardashian watch I don't want to go
visit Santa Claus slow from Rome against
Robert Kardashian 11 which I'm from her
Robert Kardashian from her astray Oh
Robert Robert Robert Rob first rung
Christie Roberts from oh yeah Roberts
and Ashley the blush I know what I was
laying still some on robbery I see
comment
Sailor Moon mug Santa thought what
Baylor moon sent us bill monk santa pod
say llantas buus plus size that's not it
since Sailor Moon mug Santa Claus send
us Bruce plus size a lot sailor moon
loves Santa Claus like what scary
they'll move mug Santa Claus Sailor Moon
love Santa Claus okay sit down love
Santa Claus all right what I posted a
boy my shuttle you really half on my
feet this is my butt cheek move I just
shut down Christmas ill your face no
Jenna figs chance the rapper the Jester
rapper Wow only he only speaks in pop
culture chance the rapper likes mrs.
Claus's cook you I hope ya'll say I like
submissive white losses why would see so
I repeat mrs. Claus's cookies repeat
really this game is such a trick if you
have a Jersey accent mrs. Claus's
cookies chance the rapper haha Milosevic
you turkeys cookies cookies cookies all
right I got it No Oh we'll get our place
yeah I got a point the last one I got
one word wrong yes how about worry we're
dropping points oh god wait are we ready
hold on dicking ready Kylie's implants
are made of eggnog I want to say
something but you think you I like black
eyes yeah i would say that but know
Kylie's implants call me same thing I
leaves and kylie jenner and kylie
Kylie Kylie's implants are made of a
highly lip kits or as mom Kylie's
Kylie's it's quite exciting Kylie's
implants big yeah great you gotta see
all right do it jus chillin last one I
see I'm winning you already won okay
ready I can't beat it miley cyrus twerks
on frosty the snowman frosted nomad your
clothes frosted snowmen miley cyrus
twerk melodies miley cyrus twerk on
frosty the snow 80 it's like Miley Cyrus
what I with Johnny say what well I Miley
Cyrus twerked on frosty the stupid they
are good at miley cyrus myself miley
cyrus your recovery miley cyrus work on
frosty the snowman what my library was
made of frosted snowmen song is
oversized akela well okay is it a true
winner of this family so hope that you
all enjoyed this difference every
challenge on YouTube camera died place
we had a lot of technical difficulties
but it was a lot of fun so what is the
one i get when i get to tweet something
on your twitter why let me know if you
liked videos like this i will happily
make more um and i will get one for you
you know there's been quite a pleasure
today's Christmas aka the end of vlogmas
sadly going to be uploading in profit
succession tonight the rest of the dubai
blog mrs. i have for you guys because
like I'm new to this and I like suck at
youtube so room logging issue the hard
for her don't think about walking is
hard for me but I'm really excited to be
giving you different kind of content and
not just logging but i have a few
cool video ideas up my sleeve so
subscribe yeah leave a like if you want
to see more challenges from this girl or
recommendations of who you'd like to see
me do challenges with oh yeah she got
the canucks girl
