god damn I'm vlogging what the family is
rich nice man it's gonna be your friend
from dynastar Wow okay
I'm here with this makeshift no it's not
the No
hashtag Thursday squad have to make up
about yesterday so rich this is lesson
number one Muslims never agree on what
Ramadan starts don't mind my appearance
I just got here from the gym I'm a New
Brunswick yeah gains gains game I'm in
New Brunswick in Amira's apartment on
campus and I'm here with Simone who I
graduated with and now lives with my
little brother
hello it's so weird knows how weird that
is look who's here it's my mommy mommy
say hi yo whatever mama Ramadan spirit
the food always laughter and Amazon no
matter how many people join that's why
welcome everybody yeah that looks so
good come on come all the way over here
so she can cook if not for us since it's
the first night so I heard there was
gonna be home-cooked food so obviously I
hopped on a train came straight over
thank you oh that garlic bread mom how
are you touching out with your hands
simonia is Sicilian and here's convert
sonic on the grater does I can bring
them she was the one of the first I take
full credit no like literally in Islam
we believe that if you help someone come
into Islam you're reserved a spot in
heaven so I need this Simone
you would keep an eye on my little
brother I do are you covering for him
like he's covering for my little brother
oh that's so pretty
goodbye I'm here you mean he's the last
man stay what do you mean you you healed
him you survived you know what you say
it's the name of this one girl how come
you'll help her cuz I'm a guy you caught
that on tape so hungry how many more
minutes and so we can break their fast
the only time of the year that Muslims
know exactly when Maghrib prayer the
only time of the year is that all
Muslims know exactly when evening prayer
starts down to the second I'm gonna be
in Jordan for those two Amidon uh yeah
thank God
Wow one hour later I don't I'm the big
screen oh here comes the priest I crash
five minutes and 24 seconds I love how
rich is patiently waiting for time to
fritter of us riches buying a house he's
moving out no you're buying a house yeah
but you're going to oh how old are you
I'm over here trying to make sure that I
can still afford the guac on my chipotle
this portion of the vlog is where we
make fun of random stuff that we find in
Amir's room photographic evidence of
things what is he up to these days let
me see what my brother is doing in
college hanging out with people wearing
crowns my friend Nadia doing gangster
squats don't reflect on the past
oh the wordplay bars no mirror yo my son
lil Amir
oh my god how we'd gotten this long
without calling you that this idiot
yeah the first day rowboats complete
also did you steal that from me Oh rich
it's time to eat
it's a summer tradition to Victor Fossum
Dave we profited we demolished thought
one thing also during Ramadan is that we
our stomachs shrink so you get full wave
occur like retch congratulations you
just had your first remoulade meal we
don't want to tell you this before you
started your meal so we don't freak you
out but now that you've you completed
your first from a dawn meal
congratulations you're Muslim now
welcome to the club yeah Muslim
handshake see its long as a peaceful
religion I'm just kidding everyone don't
freak out alright trolls on my social
media you be like she took one of ours
alright well I came I ate no I'm heading
back to Brooklyn boo boo where your
Ramadan resolutions this year to be
closer to of law last year was little
really better all about to me like even
I feel about last year yeah
China revival no I don't know why but
I'm like pumped for this in Madonna's
here boy do I want to come out of the
cinema dawn stronger like mentally
spiritually and physically it's so crazy
it's like I know this campus literally
like the back of my hand but it doesn't
feel like my home anymore you know you
know how they say in like a lion out
like a lamb I want to go in like a lamb
out like a lion out of my car
all right so I'm back home and now I'm
gonna get ready to wake up at 3:00 a.m.
for breakfast and then I have some
updates for you as always make sure to
LIKE comment and subscribe
stay real stay hustlin and stay pop it
oh yeah and I'll see you tomorrow
