whoa those long flight I just arrived to
London I just changed out of my a
one-day layover this is what I look like
without my contacts on by the way if you
weren't aware that i would colored
contacts then you just gave yourself up
that you didn't read my book ask me if I
got any work done on that flight like I
said I would you knocked out cool so
funny literally memorized all these
characters that have to be throw error
just catch it soon that was close
a local already knowing all the shortcut
i love i love that I'm immediately
greeted by the sight of a double-decker
bus I'm in freaking London the son big
whoa we are a Knox for Turkish and we're
going to Tottenham for the beautiful
not going to lie finger to the earth
okay I'm like really happy right now I
can't I can't believe I can't believe
that top knee just like wake up and
London with Marion have you miss me
fabulously only have like three picture
frames in my room and one of the picture
frames is of us it's the exa it's a like
photo booth thing don't remember okay
now we have another tour dude came to
bed cookies yes very like really
chocolate try this one triple chocolate
room if you're really into jobs super in
chocolate I'm so sorry personal trainer
The Chronicles part 97 which ones you
got Oh
hold on this stuff inside provost
working for minutes will be bagging much
Russia quick eh so he's literally got
bass Buddha among which I literally can
find in New York and you day of the week
but hey what can you do I love her I
think that's still about London is that
it's such an intense youtube fit
everyone knows what's good if they see
me walking out into the video camera in
my face we won't die little yes we're
really close we met like last year in
march in Greece this is this year oh
yeah feels it forever like her and again
in London when you visited in the
September and now we're here again I
were like best friends alrighty we only
ever see each other over heavy cummer
it's also those are the best friendships
three time in less than nine months
that's okay it's such a travel
friendship is perfect how long have you
been in London for almost three months
almost three months and and where are
you considering moving to already Dublin
she likes to move okay why we're
hustling to our meeting grade oh really
she said promise we'll knock on their
door f430 and it's 24 31 we're not there
yet
except we were already fashionably late
we had gotten there at four thirty
because I said for you come on stop
protect we locked from entering so we
just finished from a man and yes we did
Johnny it was my okay oh we are heading
to the airport again my English accent
would you like to join me for some tea
and ask god I'm by Liam in the queen but
Lizzie she meets the Queen just a bunch
so British I'm not gonna stop because
I'm gonna find every single person for
laughs so Marion successfully got us to
our meeting and the nick of time guys
you're soon why you're gonna see her
against you will you you shall see us
see how again soon I hope said it's like
you only understand if it's a British
accent so British now like it's not yes
like you did literally two hours later
welcome to Russia this is almost new
york though
okay yeah this is pretty bad Marion yeah
why don't my key to get to the airport
by a 645 because 20 minutes ago you said
it exactly half an hour ok Marion
someone asked if you prefer Athens or
New York ok New York panza you're from
there yes you know like live life as
moms like door open great in one of us
because we are the chosen punch okay um
so like not only did the door open front
of us were the last two people to squish
true not weird it's been miserable wait
okay i did get this on record what did
you just say you're gonna be there
before six thirty and we have a saying
in Islam yeah it's called inshallah
inshallah but it's notorious for being a
word that we use when it's like no like
inshallah inshallah oh god oh god baby
they're going tract we're open right in
front of us again we are the chosen ones
if there's one place on mutters that you
want to visit met where would it be so
I'm going to be super cliche and say
that I really want to go to Paris I
haven't been there you haven't no I've
been taught evidence other friends
forever I'm in their success okay that's
question to them to where they were
literally from conducting this Q&A no I
don't want perfect look my life
sorry but song being have some people
would be okay that's a very difficult
question I've been obsessed with musical
their songs like to chill hours 22
minutes mama bear behind love you
there's this one song painted such a
finger whatever was asleep it's called
it's called whatever my can get to the
Herbert I I told you before 6 45 and
you're gonna be here before six
forty-five this is the current situation
this is our situation ambitious okay
girl is this computer work out 20
siblings do you have let me guess for
you and your mates Marian is Greek so I
think that you have like seven siblings
I have two little brothers do we all
have birthdays within one month of each
other
literally he's like 23 hours later
