never been anyone quiet enter well maybe
Mike right words but mom are you excited
minami Mendelian wish my first sure do
you do something motion doesn't mean
anything yes is right here Oh mommy and
daddy hold hands oh my god are you
Mama's entity me and I just the first
dog so cute
No
hi
a very serious bummer of sad news that
it's also like the most privileged
hashtag like
like first world problem i have been
invited to attend the holiday reception
at the White House President Obama and
Michelle Obama's block quality reception
and I also had the tremendous privilege
of being able to bring both of my
parents President Obama's plan to
address us two days probably not for at
least another half hour from now at this
moment
I am currently starting to run for my
first ever trip to Brazil hey who knows
the way time works with the world work
I'm missing it for such an incredible
incredible Zuma white house cooking
rotamer very nice what you got
let's say goodbye to my parents and
leave them leave them in the care of the
White House are you guys happy copy you
happy
he said Headley which means get the hell
out of my face in Arabic I just really
want to take in the site right now look
like her
you know what it means to be good
friends and you know as the children
vagrants was like this game
now I really gotta go on my way out I
grabbed a glass of oj and these cool
napkins with the presidential seal on
them I grabbed this tactic probably
thought it was like so weird the first
president I ever got involved in a
presidential campaign for when I was in
high school
this was like the lost bear wall I was
so sad to leave because I don't know
just like seeing my parents sitting
there and it'll simply room and just
I got really emotional that moment but
anyway now I don't even have time to
like think about that and think about
you know how credible at woman was
really really excited about my trip and
ironically also might work ever watch
brazil without glasses a little bit and
also i must know that i am just so
drained and just no energy right now
because i thought i caught on the
community so I'm kind of just like spend
disfavored eat with the Trump as
president I really don't know
time to me as the puppy invited to our
scans
