okay so what if we kick off December by
turning the likes and dislikes on this
video naturally into a poll about
whether or not a Muslim participating in
vlogmas is blasphemous yes I decided to
take the dive take the leap and
participate in vlogmas on YouTube this
year because I've always wanted to
because I hate myself because I'm a
Muslim and I'm used to torture I'm gonna
do the whole youtuber thing and do
vlogmas flog you did vlog it on
is there a vlogging on because I should
totally exist the 30 days of vlogging on
a shirt I said I'm like over here
Columbus Ingush and then I realized that
frickin today is December 1st when the
heck did that happen 1 where did
November go it was literally Halloween
yesterday but hey Iook complaining I say
this all the freaking time there is
literally nothing like Christmas in New
York City there's nothing like the
holidays in New York Nirvana on earth is
like for me it would definitely this
would be like the loop in the background
I'm sure I'm gonna be getting like
religious fanatics in the comments like
oh my god you're an infidel you're like
whatever it is not true Muslim you're a
fake Muslim and you know you're just
wearing that thing on your head for the
fun of it and putting girl life at risk
every single day because you won't have
decided to participate in vlogmas on
youtube yeah so anyway i realized back
to the original thought I realized that
today's December 1st
so I was like oh crap I need to get a
vlog up ASAP tonight so I'm already
cheating do you see this this is me
literally cheating already date what
making a generic vlogmas announcement is
my day one just take it has something
but hey at least like at least I'm in
the running right you know all those
like cliche Instagram pose so the only
way you'll ever lose
you don't try if you yourself out of the
running if you don't even whatever you
get the point um I really don't know how
this is gonna go I don't know what this
is gonna look like I just know that I'm
gonna be posting on here a constant
stream of posts for the next 25 days but
it will self commitment issues which is
really weird we'll get to that later
probably in another vlog and the next 10
days alone inshallah are just going to
be the most amazing like wrap-up to what
has been one of the absolute best years
of my entire life
actually I'm like really excited about
it what to expect what to expect because
you know I'm supposed to give you like
little youtuber hook to keep you coming
back for more well tomorrow we're going
over the president's house bu then
seriously I just I don't understand why
we all put up with me why
