I left early for this event I swear
ended up here for two minutes late
anyway represent Marriott here so I
guess both Clinton and Trump are putting
their parties right New York tonight
that's why I like you know learned about
like what decide to be a Muslim a Muslim
experience and the whole concept of
Lucifer calm is like a Muslim woman
talks back she was featured in the New
York Times Book Review this week for me
definitely growing up Muslim American I
was a huge huge obstacle especially as a
Muslim American girl because it's like
have to deal with all the typical any
teenage girl in America has to deal with
and then on top of that you're just
going to like lump on the the highest
level of Islamophobia in modern history
there's no silver lining right now just
because Trump is bringing a national or
international attention to it it comes
to our expense you know like all this
hateful rhetoric comes down on our lives
because people of color have known
there's racism in this country for
generations
I swear before the book came out just
like alright maybe my signature can't be
like the scribble that I used to sign my
credit card bill okay so I just got back
in after giving a diversity talk at
Simon and Schuster these talks wouldn't
invite authors of color to come in and
like talk to their company and like
older employees have like a fun like
lunch like they had pizza today it's
like that I couldn't eat it cuz yo girl
don't eat pizza no I'm out of the entire
room
you know packed conference room dozens
and dozens of people only two condom one
two men which was really interesting to
note especially considering the fact
that today is November 8th it's election
day and the future my friends is females
females females
pimping always comes in handy
on the night that history's being made
and I wear dark lipstick mom's gonna
kill me
we knew were read you're making a red or
tonight is authentic as a truth-teller
your reasonably optimistic but you're
waiting to see again up to 48 percent
probably call spritz own video for me to
explain or put into words what my
feelings are about Trump's election I
summarized a lot of them and the
Facebook live if you haven't caught it
you can catch it still on my facebook
profile I'm just sick of it the burden
shouldn't fall on the shoulders of
marginalized people of marginalized
communities to have to continue
reaffirming their humanity time and time
again it's exhausting and it's unfair it
can't be us it can't be us constantly
having to push back against stereotypes
I miss characterization and blah blah
I'm tired of it I'm sick of it I'm done
and I think it's time for level two
right now and to me level two is going
to be learning from the past learning
from our experiences under the height of
Islamic phobia post 9/11 and instead of
wasting time energy money resources on
trying to affirm our humanity I think
it's time for us to turn inward and
start building up our own goddamn
backbone there's no way that I'm going
to see a repeat happen of what I had to
grow up through I'm announcing that I'm
going to be keeping a daily log of how
society is changing under Trump and it's
inspired by a really good friend of mine
things are rapidly changing around us
right now and we need to document this
we need to chronicle it I want to
basically take my everyday experiences
especially post Trump and really just
this document how much of a change
it's having on my day-to-day life I
think that if we play our cards right
then this can possibly bring out the
best of us I'm tired
