oh my god you guys last night i passed
out cold it wasn't even a full night's
sleep but i haven't gotten that much
sleep since i went to Dubai trying to
make sure that I'm like recharging
properly because things are just so
crazy right now today we're starting off
the day
and in your new bulb Muslim girl of
coming-of-age one of the things that's
really struck me as you were saying
never culture enough for home and never
American enough truly been amazing with
all of your interviews thank you I feel
like we're such a really great response
on social media this is my hope with
Muslim girl is that this book becomes
one of many from inspiring women of
color tired woman coming from my woman
of color editor right here who did that
very thing okay so we're all done
wrapped up the shoot and now we have
another place you have to get to kind of
quickly because time is of the essence
maybe I'll be lucky enough to grab
coffee and bitey on our way knows we'll
see
okay so we just got to right are now
we're going to do another interview this
one for a radio show hmm okay we're
gonna go to this way but then I'm gonna
go up that way haha you have to tell me
twice so i just realized i've been in
this office boy we're at the mpr studio
stressful open you're still pinching and
i look really smart like i'm taking
notes that's usually what I'm doing we
neglect to discuss the violence that we
have to endure as a result of these wild
misrepresentations of us you progress
update they don't they don't see the
direct the direct relationship that has
with the violence we have to endure in
our day-to-day lives and that's
something that I wanted to make very
accessible through the book hey all
right all done it doesn't hey so next up
good I always walk home with this I'm
gonna come here yeah you know this so as
I was saying we just got out of the NPR
interview and now we are on our way to
oh that's yeah i'm in the lobby it says
the thorough shops receptionist close
there's like no one here to let me in no
right I've got a contact number in the
email Thank You Maureen so we're gonna
see if they can come get me people
always ask me to our Ewing those
headphones like you're listening music
right now I'm just like no I forget that
I have them on my head there's an
extension my body now that people do not
talk to you and to be honest with you I
use them to keep my job in place a lot
of times especially when it's like 1d
alright alright so we just finished
taping and to Beasley problem my
favorite part was when you suggested
that we get away Boyz like justice clown
and terrorizing my last interview of the
day got rescheduled I'm five let's go
settle to tomorrow so then I was like
gosh i have a brief role in traction of
a nice sit down and you my favorite
restaurant here i didn't happen while
I'm sitting here I guess I should answer
some of the questions that you will snap
me like black lights so this question
says where are you from and have you
flushed do you go to college I am from
New Jersey I thought the answer people
he wanted here and I went to college i
graduated in 2014 from Rutgers
University do you enjoy the spotlight
what everything started really picking
up like crazy rapidly actually was
really hard for me to deal with it if
this all leads to a positive outcome you
are able to actually make an impact
change policy make somebody's life
easier make it better then I'll to deal
with all this criticism and stuff like
that let's do it we got we got with you
thank you so much
is it is aiming to at all don't you hate
how do you handle the phone case to the
question I don't care for it at all I am
busy doing work and these people are
busy on social media just eating some
good hop next question is how do we deal
with discrimination or bully oh god I'm
not gonna lie with bullying I didn't
deal with that like I was subjected to
it beautiful disempowered and like I was
helpless I'm like I was different
inferior unless then and I didn't
deserve to keep up this recently is a
summer of Aikido a little muslim boy
home himself after complaints his own
double game I highly encourage kids
especially with some kids to really seek
help please report it to someone and
don't remain silent about it
