straight from detainment at the airport
gt-r studio
hey everyone a few months ago I had the
incredible opportunity to go to London
for a weekend to meet Hannah Witton
she invited me to be a guest on her new
show called the girl-on-girl show for
astronauts wanted she invited me on to
talk about if it's possible to be a
Muslim feminist which yes of course not
very surprisingly the video happened to
get a very strong reaction online
because of the very simple concept that
I was discussing which was Muslim
feminism as you'll see in this footage I
also got detained on my way to Hanna the
entire experience really begs the
question what is it about our voices our
existence or even just our presence in
these spaces that creates such a
negative reaction out of people right
you know
you're still tired that time you wake up
your head star Facebook yeah it didn't
get any better I was just detained at
the airport for considerable amount of
time
you know what I mean I have an effective
pathway
good new and nearly including me so I
just got to my hotel room and it's so
cute Thank You Lindsay okay hotel rooms
like has a pixel pillow right I'm over
here blogging but now I'm in a rush to
get to the BBC studio because no one
told me anything about London traffic in
a cookie I'm the knife and God made it
everyone has heard about my semen what's
playing right now is BBC Radio which I'm
about to be on shortly editor's you can
find articles and everything from gay
mom's panty got racism in the Muslim
community as well as advice on how to
cope with your period as a Muslim women
I think that we just felt like we wanted
to do it was something that we felt like
it was was necessary and it really just
has taken on a life of its own I feel
like it's grown into something that's
more of a minute
how's it guys
because l'm twice please don't be
offended by anything oh you might be
accustomed to broken nails the oldest
bagel shop in the UK okay famous UK
bagels this is it
as it looks back at the footage I saw as
I didn't get as much as I wanted to
while I was with Hannah and all the fun
things that we did together that's how
you know when you totally forget to even
whip out the vlog camera
I personally I'm very grateful that
Hannah offered her platform for such an
imperative conversation as an amateur
youtuber I totally didn't know that I
had to like close out vlogs and stuff so
this is my closeout love and just
excitement went into creating this
beautiful episode for you guys
you
