what's up family I'm in sunny Los
Angeles
just kidding it's nighttime I got here
when it was sunny though basically here
in town for the Teen Vogue summit this
week I'm super excited about today
right now we're backstage we're in the
artists area of Jingle Ball in LA we are
basically shooting an episode with
Lauren my girl
we're like in her trailer right now this
is what it looks like Florine got here
three minutes before she will be ready
so behind Amina
you like a literally incredible
gotta freshen up real quick there's only
a select very few individuals on earth
that I would ever allow to use my
deodorant and Lauren is one of them like
this girl just literally grabbed my
deodorant out of my hands all right
let's go damn check out the entourage
just your leg press right now yeah Rose
you get that shot Rosie okay I know this
seems like a lot
a little bit
what it's like
it's beautiful out here you would never
guess there's like chaos happening
inside it's so funny how in California
they like decorate their palm trees for
Christmas
so beautiful like here this mattress to
the boxes be tucked in now
oh that's a rap rap and we just finished
an amazing interview like I legit I was
getting teary eye those awesome
seriously thanks for asking like real
questions I've written it dude you're
gonna have to tune in to the craters for
Change project to be able to hear it so
do it
make sure to LIKE comment and subscribe
stay real stay hustlin and stay pop in
