right now we're back to stage we're in
the artist area of Jingle Ball in LA and
we're basically shooting an episode with
Lauren my girl that harmonies and we're
like in her trailer right now
so like take me through it right like
you feel an emotion or like you feel
some type of way or you have like an
idea for a message that you want to put
out there what is the first step what do
you do with that idea pull out my phone
and I write it in my notes really yeah
I have literally like 2,000 notes on my
phone if I feel strong enough to write
it down
it means it's worth something because I
have a lot of thoughts throughout the
day like I'll never forget the first
time it happened to me I was like 8 and
I couldn't sleep felt like really
intense I was like let me try to write
and so I grabbed a notebook and I just
wrote a poem about not being able to
sleep and it was and it right after I
was able to sleep and it was really good
I read it the other day because I was
going through my like shit in my house
and I still have it yeah in a little
green notebook in my house ever since
then though every time I feel compelled
and like I feel this so strong like I
need to get it out of me all right now
do you feel like your cultural
background has influenced your music
Latin culture is mine like I am Cuban
American and how I grew up in Miami
where Latin cultures everywhere um yeah
I mean I feel like Who I am is always
gonna influence what I do when I connect
with things it's because of who I am and
my trying my best to master authenticity
and being my true self at all times and
I've noticed Latin culture influences so
much of pop culture and right now
especially like it's really prevalent
actually it's amazing to me that in the
art world and in the entertainment world
everyone's so entertained by Latin
culture but then we're talking about how
their illegal aliens and sending them
back home so it's amazing to me that as
Americans we can consume a culture but
we can't accept a culture you can't
blame a whole community or a stereotype
of whole community because of you know
one or two bad apples like that's not
the way things go in the world you have
to really understand a culture and learn
about a culture and meet someone of that
culture before you pass judgment about
who they are and what they can offer
because they genuinely run our country
like our country would be nothing
without immigrants from day one our
country would be nothing without
immigrants
as from coming into the office and
pocket your work in any way orient your
feelings I'm sure where it's not just
Trump
it's the systems that have been at play
that allowed Trump to be our president
you know what I mean and I feel like him
his campaign and everything that came
around at that time of turmoil
I feel like sparks a lot in me made me
realize I mean I was always passionate
about the world and fixing it but really
seeing everything come to fruition and
see the way things played out I was like
okay no we need this now like this is
not something I can wait for later like
I need to own this stuff now and I need
to start talking about it now cuz I have
a platform I hope through my art always
be able to touch upon connecting with
yourself and loving yourself and
expressing X that's really what we need
right now from everyone is to really get
in touch with who they are what their
values are what they love about
themselves or what they don't like about
themselves so they can start working on
it because a lot of the hatred and fear
and you know the negative things that
fuel what's going on in the world right
now it's all because of insecurity and
self-doubt and an inability to accept
yours yourself
Laureen is arriving everybody up right
now
do you think that you being just like
literally your fearless self is a form
of resistance absolutely I think anyone
being their fearless self is a form of
resistance because that's exactly what
the system needs us to not be in order
to work you know we all have to be
conforming and and doing what everyone
else is doing in order for these systems
to go properly but if you really listen
to your heart and your calling and you
get in touch with yourself and who that
is and what what really makes you happy
like you're already making a difference
not to me is the most special thing that
we can do as artists and as people in
this world is you don't even have to
have a platform to be able to influence
people like that you can just be
yourself and the only way that we're
going to be able to overcome these
systems the only way we're gonna be able
to really change kind of shift the
paradigm of the way we view each other
in the world is by being there for each
other and is by helping each other get
there because no one person can do
anything alone getting through life
issues and and working through you know
you need people who have experience you
need people who are gonna help you grow
and when we can do that with each other
we can I know we're gonna I know we're
gonna shift this world like I can see
happening already
amazing
the other day
I want to know what is like the most
inspiring thing that you've heard or a
piece of advice that you've gotten on
your journey so far to believe in myself
and to trust myself and my intuition and
my and my abilities it's that's the best
like for someone to really sit you down
and tell you that and to just challenge
you to see that in yourself what's that
one of the best moments that I've ever
had it really just helped me a lot and I
hope it helps you do you're listening
because it really it's true when you
really look at it you're the only one
ever holding yourself back this
superstar over here freaking killed it
today with
