Senator Durbin thanks for joining us
President Trump says the newness memo
totally vindicates Trump in the probe
does it no of course it does not and the
fact that the Republicans in the House
refused to allow a Minority Report the
Democratic response to their memo is an
indication that this they're just bound
and determined to continue to find ways
to absolve this president from any
responsibility I agree completely with
John McCain it was John McCain who said
trying to undermine the FBI and the
Department of Justice is really not in
the best interests of America and
frankly it's doing Putin's work we ought
to be trying to focus on a investigation
and a professional level by Bob Muller
and not trying to find a way to obstruct
justice or to absolve this president
from any responsibility he has I want
you to take a listen to what the House
Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin
Nunez said about the allegations laid
out in the memo of FISA abuse take a
listen
I think the American people understand
that the FBI should not go to secret
courts using information that was paid
for by the Democrats to open up
investigations get warrants on people of
the other political party now come type
of stuff that happens in banana
republics now it seems as though the
judge was told that the information from
the steal dossier was funded by a
political source but it was not
specifically referred to as having been
paid for by the Democratic National
Committee and the Clinton campaign do
you think that's problematic
what Nunez conveniently ignores this
investigation was under way too long
before the involvement of the steel
dossier and in fact the court was
advised that there was a political
source to it the judge in issuing a FISA
warrant has to weigh whether or not
there's something in the background here
that should disqualify the issuance of a
warrant and he decided repeatedly that
it did not the Nunez memo if they
allowed the Democratic response to come
out would be discredited itself the
information the facts tell a totally
different story
so senator just to play devil's advocate
here one could really look at this
objectively and say look I get what
you're saying about the new
his memo but the Democratic Party isn't
exactly bathed in glory here Mother
Jones magazine broke the story of the
dossiers existence in October 2016
the intelligence chiefs felt the need to
brief the incoming and outgoing
presidents of the existence of the
dossier in January 2017 and the fact is
the public didn't find out that the
Hillary Clinton campaign in the DNC paid
for the dossier until a little over
three months ago in October 2017 this
dossier was used for this FISA warrant a
surveillance warrant of a trump official
and the Clinton campaign and the DNC
didn't disclose that isn't that
problematic I could tell you that that
is one piece of evidence its credibility
has to be judged by law enforcement
officials first ultimately by a judge
and perhaps by a jury but to say that
that's the end of the investigation but
this is all the Donald Trump needs to
fire Rosenstein or to fire Bob Muller
I'll just tell you this could
precipitate a constitutional crisis if
the House Republicans believe they've
set the stage for this president to end
this investigation they are basically
saying that in America one man is above
the law and that's not a fact I've got
to make sure that we explore all the
possibilities and all the evidence I
want to get to that and I understand
your larger point but would you would
you grant the point that the DNC and the
Clinton campaign should have disclosed
much earlier than they did to the public
that they actually funded this dossier
of course you know as well Jake that the
actual political motivation and
beginning of this was on the Republican
side
it was then switched over where there
was Democratic funding it really goes to
the credibility but that is an issue
that the judge and issuing the FISA
warrant takes into consideration and all
of at least some other Trier of fact
will as well but the same now that we
can say as the president said it's all
over stopped the investigation I'm above
the law
and I shouldn't be investigated any
further that is an extreme position and
it's inconsistent with one of the
fundamental rules of law in this country
well I think in point of fact the
opposition research project was funded
by Republicans but this
dossier per se was funded by Democrats
but this appears to be a dry well so I'm
gonna move on before the memo was
released Democrats were sounding the
alarm that putting it out could
compromise national security and
intelligence sources and methods take a
listen to the ranking member of the
House Intelligence Committee Adam Schiff
last week I think we have crossed a
deeply regrettable line in this
committee where for the first time in
the 10 years or so that I've been on the
committee there was a vote to politicize
the declassification process of
intelligence and potentially compromise
sources and methods do you see any
evidence of sources and methods
compromised in the memo I tell you I
can't answer that without being on the
inside and understanding the sources it
was the FBI itself not Adam Schiff whom
I respect very much but the FBI itself
that said the release of this memo would
be reckless
that was their work reckless and yet the
House Republicans were bound and
determined to do this in order to stop
this investigation of the president and
those around him I want to ask you it's
about the fact that the president as you
alluded to it seems pretty clear from
the response of Trump and his allies to
the memo that it could if not likely
will be used as pretext for the
President to fire Deputy Attorney
General rod Rosen Stein or Special
Counsel Bob Muller what will you do if
he does if he carries out either one of
those actions listen this would be an
extreme event and one that I say with
some caution could create a
constitutional crisis in this country
the question at that moment is whether
or not the majority Republicans in the
House and the Senate will stand up for
the rule of law in the Constitution if
the president takes that extreme
position trey gowdy who's retiring from
the house and republican conservatives
in South Carolina said he saw nothing in
this memo that undermined the
investigation and he still had
confidence in Bob mower I hope people
like mr. Gowdy will continue to make
those statements and stand behind the
rule of law if the president takes this
extreme action this precipitous action
I'm afraid that it could lead to a
confrontation we do not need an America
but can you be more specific about what
Democrats might do
well I can't I don't want to predict
that I think that's too hypothetical but
we understand what the Constitution says
we must do and that is hold everyone in
the United States including the
president the United States accountable
if they have violated the law no one
including the president is above the law
let's switch to immigration the
Democrats have been protesting the
changes that President Trump has
proposed to the legal immigration system
limiting family reunification or
so-called chain migration so it's only
for spouses and minor children and
ending outright the diversity Visa
Lottery you in 2013 voted for the gang
of eight immigration bill that contained
similar provisions ending visa diversity
lottery and eliminating the ability of
brothers and sisters to enter the
country on family reunification visas so
why oppose it when President Trump is
proposing at this time the answer is
very obvious the comprehensive
immigration reform dealt with 11 million
people in the United States and gave
them a path to legal status over a long
period of time we swept away all of the
existing applications for family members
of seeking visas over three million of
them were going the backlog was going to
be wiped away and we were going to bring
them into the United States and then
moving forward change the standard that
is not what President Trump is
suggesting understand what they are
proposing they want to cut legal
immigration into the United States a
family members some of whom have waited
20 years or more to join up with their
families here this is no longer about
the security of the United States it is
not about competition for American jobs
it is an effort by them to make a
different immigration policy in the
future one that envisions in America
that is much different than it is today
this is not an acceptable premise
senator has CNN poll after the
government shutdown when Democrats
forced the government shutdown over the
over the dreamers two weeks ago found
that 56% of Americans polled thought
that keeping the government opened was
more important than continuing daca the
next deadline to fund the government is
Thursday do you vow right now that you
will not shut the government down again
if there's not a dock a deal before the
deadline there is not likely to be a
dock idea though we're working every
single day on telephone calls and
person-to-person to try to reach this
bipartisan agreement I think we're
making real progress I want to salute
the moderates in both the Republican and
Democratic caucuses in the Senate they
have really been a positive voice
Democrats and Republicans sitting in the
same room working to try to solve this
problem I don't see a government
shutdown coming but I do see a promise
by Senator McConnell to finally bring
this critical issue that affects the
lives of hundreds of thousands of people
in America finally bringing it to a full
debate in the Senate that's what we were
looking for when there was a shutdown we
have achieved that goal we're moving
forward
Senator Durbin I understand you're
rooting for the Patriots this evening
I'm not gonna bring up the subject and I
hope you have an OK Sunday night thanks
so much for watching for joining us I
mean thanks Allen
