herd these shipping containers that are
tied up some 3,000 shipping containers
tied up in the main port in Puerto Rico
we recently heard from the mayor of San
Juan saying that she wishes she could
essentially open the gates and get those
shipping containers to where they need
to go but she doesn't have jurisdiction
over the port's another problem is
actually getting truckers to go pick
those containers up and take them to
where they are needed one issue is
communication cellular service is spotty
at best so communicating with those
truckers is difficult fuel is another
big problem in part because not every
gas station is operational many that are
don't have electricity so people need
cash to be able to pay for gas many
banks and ATMs are shut down in part
because there is no electricity
it is a gridlock of problems and
officials tell us that they are doing
the best that they can to deal with them
but here on the ground we are hearing
again and again from people that they
are not seeing the help that they need
many people asking us where is FEMA I
spoke with a father a short while ago a
father of three who told me that one of
his children was asking for milk earlier
and it drew him into a deep deep pain
because he knew that milk wouldn't be
getting to him anytime soon John and
papi for Sanchez there in San Juan thank
you so much how long is it going to be
until those 9500 containers just sitting
there with these vital supplies are
actually released from the port and sent
to the victims of Hurricane Maria CNN
spoke to the general manager of a
shipping company trying to find out more
about what's going on listen to this we
currently have approximately three
thousand containers full of emergency
supplies relief cargo there's all kind
of goods commercial materials
construction materials as well medicines
and everything and all kind of goods on
food there's a lot of food in these
containers there's also reefers that are
filled of food as well frozen poultry as
an example pork and others and so far
our terminal is completely
to its capacity maximum capacity and we
have been able to dispatch a barely 4%
of our usual flow at our exit gates the
problem has been with the with the
logistics the part of the supply change
that moves the cargo from our terminal
to the shelves or to the tables of the
people of Puerto Rico now for those
employees who have been able to get to
their workplace and for those trucking
companies as an example they have their
equipment available and ready then
they're facing the challenge of the fact
that there's no fuel so if you have the
equipment you have the drivers but you
don't have the fuel then you definitely
cannot afford to move the cargo if this
continues on if we are not able to start
dispatching cargo there's not going to
be sufficient space to unload our next
barges that are in line to come to the
port and the stuff that's coming from
FEMA and from private companies from the
government where's it all coming from
it's all around there's emergency
supplies there's relief cargo from FEMA
there's all food for for DC and Puerto
Rico all supermarkets I mean you name it
that is very sad and frustrating for
whatever reasons that that we have
plenty of inventory about in our ports
there's enough to supply the needs it's
just a matter again how do we move them
to the final destination
