this is the scene in puerto rico's main
international airports it's nighttime
and people are lined up hoping for the
possibility of getting a seat on a
flight the next day off of this island
but the chances are slim because all day
Tuesday only about ten commercial
flights were able to fly out of this
important airport in part the US
military says because a key radar
installation was destroyed was damaged
by Hurricane Maria so all of these
people here are waiting first-come
first-serve hoping that in the morning
they can get a seat on the next
Southwest Airlines flight off of here
and some people even traveling with very
cute Rottweiler puppies waiting for
their chance to get out of here but this
is tough people are traveling with
children and they're people who've been
stranded here in Puerto Rico for days I
spoke earlier over here I want to come
over and say hi again
hey you introduce yourself please and
you're here with your grandson three
years old hey they're chenille say hi
shiny
do you think do you have any guarantee
of getting on tomorrow's flight no not
really because versus the family and
family of the crew and then the people
that have plane tickets so what has the
airline told you that to do so just
coming up so you guys are gonna be
sleeping on the floor here tonight thank
you good to meet you and then part of
the problem here is the people have
already been living on the island for
the better part of a week with no
electricity with almost no running water
as well the US military insists the
flight capacity will improve in the days
ahead
but for now this is the very difficult
situation again nearly a week after the
hurricane Maria struck this island Ivan
Watson CNN Porto Rico
