beside a highway in twat oh this is the
most dependable utility in rural Puerto
Rico these days pipe tapped into a
mountain spring is now the watering hole
for a community of over 30,000 it's a
natural spring the natural spring it's
always here and are you boiling it or
you drink it straight thinking straight
just Squealer than the water you get
from the from okay well that's good
you've got that how's everything else in
life how are you got enough food
shortage of food the National Guard is
not working up to the way it should be
they're all just standing there doing
everything no electricity no water for
the city this gonna take like about
maybe six seven months for anything to
happen here while safe for coastal storm
surges Maria brought hellish mudslides
to mountain towns like this cutting off
families for days and forcing desperate
decision making do you burn precious
fuel searching for supplies or stay put
and pray for help
Lydia has two cars with no gas two
grandkids to keep alive on a ration of
crackers with no way to reach that
highway pipe they drink rainwater no
water no food she tells me it's nobody's
fault
it's the weather you have to go on
anxiety I can tell my heart breaks for
you what worries me the most is my
family doesn't know how we're doing we
don't have cell phone connection on a
scale of 1 to 10 10 being horrible
desperate where are eight urinates hey
yeah yes and a going aid ba handle eight
and getting better
the young mayor tells me if the gasoline
arrives it will fix our problems because
people are starting to get desperate gas
is more precious than water up here
National Guard vehicles can't move
worthless
ambulances sit idle the hospital has one
day's worth of generator fuel left and
one volunteer doctor because the rest of
the staff has no way to get to work
people starting to turn on each other
Mathi yes he says there's been
situations where people are stressed out
crying
folks with dialysis patients with cancer
bedridden patients who need ventilators
everything you can help with the voice
in the outside because I need gasoline
and diesel
I will tell I will tell the world the
fuel shortage is even more evident in
San Juan where lines are miles law they
open this particular service station at
6:00 in the morning they run out of gas
by 3:00 p.m. so some people at the end
of this line may not get the fuel they
need the folks here are telling me that
a local ring of gangsters called T today
drug dealers actually commandeered a gas
station took over two lanes just so
their guys could get the fuel how would
you describe the level of desperation Oh
to the highest level and not even that's
on the here in the in the
Canaria but in the center of the island
inequality parinita is very very bad and
they are suffering everybody's suffering
and it's seen how we can work it out and
and begin again you're putting a smile
on of course and some day after the most
primal needs are met parents will have
to figure out how to send their kids
back to school and at wesleyan Academy
this is what awaits there is so much to
rebuild and so many now considering
leaving this island for good what
message would you have for folks that's
all I can say just keep calm because
like I said it this week we told my
family that this week you don't see any
anything getting better I'm an apathy
dollar I've been here already like 20
years and I'm gonna have to leave the
island I don't have any other choice
