Twitter is saying it is not in the
business of policing political thought
or messaging and that's whether it's
coming from Republicans Democrats or
Vladimir Putin and while Twitter will
not confirm Russian actors were using
its platform to meddle in the 2016 US
election the proof it happened is adding
up this Twitter account at tea party
news had a following of more than 22,000
it blasted the Twitter world with
pro-trump
conservative anti-immigrant stories and
rhetoric throughout the campaign and
among its followers was the now fired
member of the Trump administration
sebastian Gorka what Gorka and other
followers of tea party news may be
surprised to learn is the account has
been outed by Russian journalists as
being a part of Russian propaganda
campaigning the account has been linked
to the Internet research agency which a
report by US intelligence officials says
is a shadowy company tied to the Kremlin
all part of the Russian government's
attempts to meddle in the u.s.
presidential race Twitter accounts
created as part of the Russian
propaganda campaign helped the Russians
form an entire army of automated Twitter
BOTS and trolls that overwhelmingly
supported one u.s. candidate most of the
accounts are made to look like Trump
supporters but I actually begin and end
in Russia
Samuel Woolley with Oxford University's
internet research group analyzed over 17
million tweets and found networks of
automated accounts that retweet each
other and played a powerful role in
determining the flow of information in
the 2016 election some by foreign
governments attacking the US through
fake news this is literally
manufacturing interest in a tweet yeah
by rapid-fire repeating these retweets
that's right people like to tell me
propaganda has been around forever but
what I say to them is when you
computationally enhance propaganda you
have a much more difficult time parsing
information and understanding actually
what's going on is weaponize a word that
you would use
they are absolutely weaponized tea party
news has been shut down by Twitter the
company won't say why but according to
Russian investigate
journalist Andrei Sakharov the end of
tea party news came just as the Russian
media began exposing it they stopped to
operate it exactly after our
investigation the last tweet was on the
same day or one day before zakharov tell
CNN the account was one of 50 such
accounts with more than 600,000 Twitter
followers including at least one member
of Donald Trump's administration
contacted by email Sebastien Gorka now
seems to indicate he knew all along tea
party news was a Russian propaganda site
telling CNN he followed the site for the
same reason I follow CNN he wrote to
know what the enemies of truth are doing
time political calls annually says
getting important followers to a Russian
propaganda account was an important part
of Putin's disinformation campaign the
hope of the bots and the hope of the
creator of the bot actually more more
pertinently is that someone picks it up
and tweets it out and then lots of other
people make it viral all of those sorts
of things were started as small trends
pushed out by BOTS and then picked up by
the mainstream news media and
politicians
