I remember sitting down with Bill in
Paris a couple of years ago where the
world was coming together to hammer out
an agreement a small agreement to save
the planet by taking meaningful action
to tackle climate change it's a threat
that may define the contours of this
century more than just about anything
else
here was the interesting thing bill saw
this not simply as a challenge but also
as an opportunity and I remember him in
sort of a matter-of-fact way saying well
we're going to just have to go ahead and
invent some new technologies which I
said I agree let's do that although he
knows more than me about inventing new
technologies but his tone was yes this
is hard but we can figure it out it's
hard but it can be done and that spirit
a spirit that says to quote I guess
myself yes we can
that spirit rather than a spirit of
despair is is the motor by which we've
been able to see real progress in
reducing the pace of carbon emission
increases here in the US and even if at
the current moment the federal
government is not as engaged in these
efforts as I would like nevertheless
progress continues because of the
efforts of people like tho and a whole
host of entrepreneurs and universities
and cities and states they are making
change around energy policy in America
separate in the park from what
government is doing and that gives me
confidence that we can continue to make
progress and my broader point here is is
that you tend to believe when Bill says
we can do something that we can do it
and when all of you stand up and say
this is something we can do that spirit
is infectious and it's exactly what we
need right now we do face extraordinary
challenges you've heard of many of them
in your discussions today you know the
nature of these challenges from your
work growing economic inequality that
changing climate terrorism mass
migration still too much extreme poverty
still too many girls who are denied an
education the rise of nationalism and
xenophobia and a pop of politics that
says it's not we but us and men the
politics that threatens to turn good
people away from the kind of collective
action that has always driven human
progress so these are real challenges
and we can't sugarcoat them they're
going to take a long time to solve but
that can't discourage any of us from the
belief that individually and
collectively we can make a difference we
can make things better
and rather than be daunted by those
challenges those challenges should
inspire us and excite us because it
gives us an opportunity to make our mark
on the world and in ways that we haven't
even yet scratched the surface of we
have to reject the notion that we're
suddenly gripped by forces that we
cannot control we've got to embrace the
longer and more optimistic view of
history and the part that we play in it
and if you are skeptical of such
optimism I will say something that may
sound controversial I used to say this
to my staff and the White House young
interns who would come in any group of
young people that I met with and that is
that by just about every measure America
is better and the world is better than
it was 50 years ago 30 years ago or even
10 years ago and I know that statement
doesn't jibe with the steady stream of
bad news and cynicism that were fed
through television and Twitter but think
about it I was born I mean I I know I
have gray hair but I don't consider
myself that old but I was born in a time
when women and people of color were
systematically routinely excluded from
enormous portions of American life
today women and minorities have risen up
the ranks of business and politics and
everywhere else and even if we still
have miles to travel and innumerable
laws and hearts and minds to change the
shift in what this country is and what
it means is astonishing remarkable and
it's happened when you measure it
against the scope of human history in an
instant just since I graduated from
college crime rates teen birth rates
drop
rates the share of people living in
poverty have dropped and in some cases
dropped dramatically the share of
Americans with college education is up
despite a massive global recession in
the final years of my presidency the
uninsured rate reached a new low median
household income reached a new high
that's here in the United States
worldwide our progress is even more
remarkable and bill can rattle off these
statistics better than I can
but over the past 100 years we've come
from a world where only a small fraction
of women could vote - a world where
almost every woman can since the 1950s
the global average life expectancy has
grown by more than 20 years since 1990
we have cut extreme poverty and
childhood mortality in half keep in mind
I was in law school in 1990 it seems
like yesterday since 2000 we've evolved
from a world without marriage equality
to one where it's a reality of more than
two dozen countries all of this has
happened in such a steady march that
sometimes we have intensity to take it
for granted but I often ask when I meet
with young people if you had to choose
any moment in history in which to be
born and you didn't know in advance
whether you were going to be male or
female what country you are gonna be
from what your status was you choose
right now because the world has never
been healthier or wealthier or better
educated or in many ways more tolerant
or less violent than it is today fewer
people are dying young more people are
living not only longer but better more
girls are in school and more adults can
read more children get the vaccines that
they need despite the enormous conflicts
that break our hearts around the world
it's demonstrable that fewer people are
being killed in wars and conflicts than
ever before this would be the time you'd
want to be showing up on this planet and
these trends are real they do not make
us complacent but they should spur us to
action because it shows
despite the naysay them the naysayers
and the cynicism that in fact change can
happen they're not the result of
mysterious forces of chance they happen
because countless people like you
toiling for many years chose to make
this progress some like Bill and Melinda
have enormous wealth and influence
others like Justin Trudeau who I knows
addressed you earlier have formal
political offices but the majority of
people who made these advances we're
citizens doctors nurses entrepreneurs
clergy moms community leaders activists
union leaders who mobilized and
organized and voted and innovated and
pushed for change and by the way they
knew at every step of the way that they
would not get everything they wanted as
fast as they wanted they knew that
progress required struggle and
perseverance and discipline and faith
they knew that sometimes for every two
steps forward you'll take a step back
but they made things better and this is
something I always had to emphasize to
my staff when I was president better is
good
you laugh but sometimes people forget
that I will take better every time so
that's what's needed today the
engagement of everyone who wants to see
a better future for our children and it
can be frustrating I'll take an example
here in the United States over the past
eight years thousands upon thousands of
Americans threw themselves into the
collective effort of reforming our
health care system those of you who live
in countries that already have the
universal health care are trying to
figure out what's the controversy here I
am too these people
but you know the folks who did the work
it wasn't just policy wonks it wasn't
just politicians it was moms and dads
people who had the experience of a sick
child or crushing medical bills that
threatened to bankrupt them maybe a
parent who was lost to cancer that had
that person got a regular checkup it
might have been caught earlier and those
voices from every walk of life in every
court of the country against all odds
made a difference and for the first time
more than 90% of Americans know the
security of health insurance paying more
for insurance or being denied insurance
because of a pre-existing condition or
because you are a woman that's not a
thing anymore we got rid of that and
people are alive today because of it and
that's progress now the legislation that
we passed was full of things that still
need to be fixed it wasn't perfect but
it was better and so when I see people
trying to undo that hard-won progress
for the 50th or 60th time with bills
that would raise costs or reduce
coverage or roll back protections for
older Americans or people with
pre-existing conditions the cancer
survivor' the expecting mom or the child
with autism or asthma for whom coverage
once again would be almost unattainable
it is aggravating and all of this being
done without any demonstrable economic
or actuarial or plain common-sense
rationale it it frustrates and it's
certainly frustrating to have to
mobilize every couple of months to keep
our leaders from inflicting real human
suffering on our constituents but
typically that's how progress is won and
how progress is maintained on every
issue
we have to stand up for each other
recognize that progress is never
inevitable that it often can be fragile
it's in need of constant renewal and our
individual progress and our collective
progress depends on our willingness to
roll up our sleeves and work and not be
afraid to work so in conclusion each of
us can make a difference and I know I'm
preaching to the choir cuz otherwise you
wouldn't be a goalkeeper but many of you
are young and maybe have only seen
forward momentum and may not have seen
backward momentum yet many of you may
confront hurdles and roadblocks and
disappointments in the future and when
that happens that's the test the test is
not how do you feel when things are
going good or when you are at a cool
conference in New York with Bill and
Melinda Gates and will.i.am
right the test is when you're in the
field and you're on the ground and you
are doing work and people are resisting
or misunderstanding or purposely
undermining efforts that you know can
make a difference and how do you respond
to that and what I'm suggesting here
today is is that your response has to be
to reject cynicism and reject pessimism
and push forward with a a certain
infectious and relentless optimism not
blind optimism not one that ignores the
scale and the scope of challenges but
that hard-earned optimism that's rooted
in the stories of very real progress
that have occurred throughout human
history and the recognition that our
successes even
though sometimes they're small or
incomplete accumulate they built and
they create a trajectory that's better
and will mean some girl somewhere
getting an education that otherwise she
would have been that'll mean some farmer
being able to cultivate a crop to feed
his family and if enough of them do it
feed a nation that's what you're
fighting for at every moment because
each new generation stands on the
successes of the previous generation
there's like a relay race that we're
running each generation reaches up
standing on that previous generation and
bends that arc of history in the
direction of more freedom and more
opportunity and more justice that's why
I spend so much time when I was
president convening young leaders on
every continent that I visited that's
why in my post presidency my emphasis is
going to be on training the next
generation of leaders to take their own
crack at changing the world
through the Obama foundation which will
be based in Chicago but we'll have
projects and programs and digital
networks all across the global and I'm
hoping I get a chance to work with some
of you because I have great faith in you
this is I know Bill and Melinda have
great faith in you and I'm certain that
if you keep pushing forward then America
and the world are going to be just fine
thank you very much
