today President Trump went on the record
against Senator Paul tweeting this Rand
Paul is a friend of mine but he is such
a negative force when it comes to fixing
health care graham cassidy bill is great
ends Obama care Senator Rand Paul is
joining us now live from Capitol Hill so
let me get your response senator to what
the criticism you're receiving from the
president you know actually I still
think I'm a very positive force and
actually positively working with the
President on different ideas the idea
that I've been working with the
president for about six months on is
much better than Graham Cassady and that
would be allowing people to buy across
state lines insurance through a group so
if you're a carpenter or a plumber you
get to join a big Association and
through that association get cheaper
insurance and also get some of the
protections that people want from their
insurance and I continue to work with
the President on that I'm just not with
him on Graham Cassady because Graham
Cassady actually keeps most of the Obama
care spending and it just sort of
reshuffles it so instead of Obama care
funding going to California
it gets reshuffled to Republican states
and so I I think I see it really more as
sort of you know petty partisanship
hey let's reshuffle the deck and give
the money to the Republican states but
let's keep the Obama care spending my
concern is the debt we have a seven
hundred billion dollar debt how are we
gonna pay for all this but as you know
there's a deadline September 30th after
September 30th under the complex rules
of the US Senate you can't just get
anything passed with 50 votes you need
60 votes in other words you'll need
Democrats is the 52-48 Republican
majority in the US Senate and on some of
the other specific legislation that you
want like being able to buy health
insurance across state lines you
definitely need 60 votes for that do you
have is it realistic at all to think
you're going to be able to achieve what
you're calling for well the interesting
thing is is we've been working with the
Trump administration on this for six
months now we think they can do it
through presidential interpretation of
existing law so there was a law passed
the 1970s that allows groups to form
across state lines many corporations
already do this this is the one area of
the insurance market where premiums have
been relatively flat we think that the
administration
is going to in the next week or two
issue a ruling saying that guess what
individuals are going to be able to buy
across state lines we think they can do
it without any bill or legislation from
Congress and here's the thing my
proposal that I'm working on the
president with cost zero dollars the
Cassidy Graham bill is gonna spend a
trillion dollars
it keeps the Obama care spending but
just reshuffles who gets it that to my
mind is not what I promised the voters I
promised repeal I didn't promise I would
sort of keep most of it and just
reshuffle who gets the proceeds so when
I hear you saying a senator as if this
legislation doesn't pass the president
will begin using executive orders
executive decisions to change the
current Obamacare law is that what is
that what you're suggesting well not
really it's it's a little more
complicated than that because we don't
think it has anything to do with the
Obamacare law the Obamacare law did not
prevent people from buying across state
lines and forming associations like
buying co-ops it acts as a 1974 law nor
ERISA law so we think that the law has
been misinterpreted and could be
reinterpreted by the Trump
administration to allow many people they
may be you join a credit union
maybe you joined the Restaurant
Association and that may be people who
work in the fast food industry a lot of
whom don't have insurance now could
actually get it by buying it through one
of these coops because they can get
inexpensive insurance but my point is
I'm offering a free market plan where
you get freedom of choice Cassidy and
Graham are offering just a big
government variation of Obamacare that
sticks it to the Democrat states and
takes the money and gives it to
Republican states but really keeps most
of the Obamacare spending and that's not
something I'm for is there any wiggle
room at all in this legislation in this
this are graham cassidy bill are there
any changes that could potentially make
between now and a vote next week that
would result in a yay vote from you well
the interesting thing is there are
several things in it I would agree to if
they take the things that are good in it
we could keep expansion of the health
savings accounts getting rid of the
mandate taxes and penalties and the
Medicaid reform I'm for all three of
those I'm just not for the spending
proposal I'm not for
affirmative ly saying hey let's keep a
trillion dollars worth of Obama care
spending I'm not for the spending but
that's my main objection to the bill so
if they want to make it less about
spending and more about repealing I'm
for repeal the House Speaker Paul Ryan
says whatever the Senate passes the
house will pass next week without change
and send it to the president for his
signature what's your message to the
Speaker of the House Paul Ryan the
speaker's been wrong many times before
on counting votes I would have him ask
everybody in California every Republican
there 14 Republican Congressmen are they
happy with the fact that the new formula
will take 27 billion dollars from
California look there's a lot of
Republican Congressmen in New York and
California is about 25 of them they're
in very competitive districts are they
willing to go home to a competitive
district and say hey I just voted for a
bill that will take billions of dollars
from New York and California and give it
to North Dakota and Mississippi you know
that's what this is about it's a formula
fight it's a food fight over money so
we're gonna reshuffle the deck but it is
not a principle repeal of Obamacare but
you understand by your opposing graham
Cassidy and maybe you know let's say two
other Republicans also opposed it
Obamacare stays the law of the land
that's what it is angering the president
right now in effect you're supporting
Obamacare very quickly your response you
know what I would say is that I think
voters are pretty smart the Republicans
in my state know that nobody's been
louder voice for repealing this they
also know that seven Republicans who
said they would repeal voted for repeal
in 2015 and then changed their mind so
when I go home I don't expect people
gonna look at me they're gonna look to
the seven senators who actually worked
from Kentucky who were Republicans
promised to repeal voted once to repeal
and then switch their minds if anybody
wants to blame anybody I think there's a
lot of blame to go around there Senator
Rand Paul of Kentucky thanks so much for
joining us I should point out like
senator Cassidy you also are a physician
so I you've dealt your whole
professional career in these issues
involving health care thanks very much
for joining us thank you
