I would like to welcome and thank all of
you for joining me here today I'm
honored to serve as first lady of the
United States and I look forward to
sharing with each of you my sincere
hopes for all that we will able to do
together to promote peace human rights
and human dignity leaving no one behind
especially not our children the most
important and joyous role I ever had is
to be a mother to my young son
and what could possibly be more
essential focus in everyone's life then
that of loving educating and bringing up
our next generation to be happy
productive and morally responsible
adults together we must acknowledge that
all too often is the weakest most
innocent and vulnerable among us our
children who ultimately suffer the most
from the challenges that plug our
societies whether it is drug addiction
bullying poverty disease trafficking
illiteracy or hunger it is the children
for hit first and hardest in any country
and as we all know the future of every
nation rests with the promise of their
young people if we look at the present
state of children in any society we will
see the future that our world can expect
tomorrow
show me your civic lessons of today and
I will show you your civic leaders of
tomorrow
show me your history lessons of today
and I will show you your political
leaders of tomorrow
show me the loving bonds between your
families today and I will show you the
patriotism and moral clarity
of your nation tomorrow our choices on
how we raise and educate our children
will in fact provide the blueprint for
the next generation if we do not
advocate a love of country to our
children and the generations to come
then why would our children grow up to
fight for their country's founding
principles and moral truths if we do not
teach our children the importance of
helping those less fortunate wherever
they may be then why would they become
caring adults who dedicate themselves to
charity if we do not ensure that our
youth redefine their nation of community
to reach beyond their own backyards
their own schools and their own town
halls then not then why would we accept
to see a new generation of leaders with
a moral conscience that includes all of
humanity when we join together as
parents caring for children whether
whatever they live in our own families
across the street across the nation or
across the globe we claim our
responsibility to the next generation to
ensure they are prepared to accept the
torch of leadership for the world of
tomorrow and make no mistake this will
always begin with us coming together to
embrace parents hoods noble calling
nothing could be more urgent nor worthy
a cause than preparing future
generations for the adulthood with true
moral clarity and responsibility to
achieve this we must come together for
the good of our children because through
them our future will be defined
therefore we must teach each child the
values of empathy and communication
there are other
core of the kindness mindfulness
integrity and leadership which can only
be thought by example by our own example
we must teach children to be good
stewards of the world they will inherit
we must remember that they are watching
and listening so we must never miss an
opportunity to teach lives many ethical
lessons along the way as adults we are
not merely responsible we are
accountable I hope you will join me in
committing ourselves to teaching the
next generation to live by and honor the
golden rule to unto others as you would
have them until you which is my
paramount in today's society and I'm
focused as first lady it remains our
generations moral imperative to take
responsibility for what our children
learn we must turn our focus right now
to the message and content they exposed
to on a daily basis through social media
the bullying the experience online and
in person and the growing global
epidemic of drug addiction and drug
overdose no children should ever feel
hang hungry stocked frightened
terrorized bullied isolated or afraid
with nowhere to turn we need to step up
come together and ensure that our
children's future is bright in the
coming months I hope to reach out to
each one of you here today to call upon
you for your support and guidance and
look forward to joining you in
collaboration to support and educate our
next generation I'm asking leaders on
social media whose target market for
their products and platforms his
children as well community and
educational leaders to join me in this
fight
for the hopes and dreams of our children
with all my heart I want to thank you
each one of you for being here today
and tell you how much I'm looking
forward to working with you on behalf of
our children god bless our children
god bless our nation's and god bless the
United States of America thank you
