here we go 120 miles per hour category 3
hurricane and it's headed to the US
Virgin Islands from here right over
Dominica today this is the area that's
going to get hit the hardest and then
right over Puerto Rico category 3 likely
even category 4 hurricane hunter flying
through it right now our go about 80
miles per hour 35 minutes ago about 90
miles per hour and then they found the
core then they found the key to this
storm and why they upgraded it to a
category 3 the wind gusts to 120 miles
per hour and the latest millibar if you
want to write this down 958 so still
dropping rapidly by the time it gets to
Puerto Rico 150 mile per hour sustained
winds now this goes over the southern
BVI the US Virgin Islands be Akos
Culebra and all the way into Puerto Rico
as a major major hurricane likely
category 4 on the verge of category 5
but at least so far not there yet the
waters warm we know what happened to
Irma Irma was slightly farther to the
north but these two are actually going
to cross here is day 5
here's day 6 7 8 6 7 8 on the US and the
American models and the European model
here so we're not gonna move very much
after that after that after 4 or 5 days
obviously it's entirely a guess but I
just want to show you that so far South
Florida not in the cone and also not in
the forecast when it comes to seven
eight days away in the computer models
nothing is out of the question clearly
we saw that with Irma where does the
cross happen the yellow line is Irma the
middle of this line here the red line
that is Maria right over the Turks and
Caicos rid of them dr right through
Punta Cana right through Dominican
Republic here and also into Puerto Rico
where we will see big swells on the east
side of the storm right over st. Croix
with a damaging hit there
