because joining us on the phone is
Congressman Steve King of Iowa and we
want to get to him right now is running
congressman
good morning elephant what did you just
hear the president say well I know we
have to interpret what you're hearing
say and you know wanting a big or a
large or a Matthew a border security
deal that doesn't address domestic
enforcement
it doesn't really even tell us what the
border security might be and if we don't
build a wall all the way through then
the rest of it is subject to
prosecutorial discretion his as was
under Barack Obama's or the next
president so I think something's going
to ask you to reverse here with this
president's policy or it'll just blow up
his base I mean this was a straight-up
promise all the way through his campaign
and I might add that I've told the
president that I'm market-tested his
immigration policy for 14 years and we
spent a lot of time in Iowa having those
debates and discussions and then across
New Hampshire South Carolina and beyond
I don't think it's unclear to anybody
what those campaign promises were but it
looks to me like he's preparing to keep
Hillary Clinton's campaign promise
rather than his own here's what the
president says about that wall in a
tweet this morning congressman the wall
which is already under construction in
the form of new renovation of old and
existing fences and walls will continue
to be built was that your understanding
of what a wall means well not at all I
mean it sounds like you know I had an
old jalopy and I was going to buy a new
car but no I meant overall the Jalopy
there's no that was it was a wall it was
a wall all the way and people are trying
to redefine that term wall and say it's
virtual wall it's vibration sensors
drones it's balloons or a Spence a wall
the wall and the American people know
that and by the way it is cheap to build
a wall in comparison to the good we get
out of it and we need it for a lot of
reasons and on top of that you know I've
drilled into this with the
administration and I've been trying to
identify whoever the who's the walls are
under the Trump administration I can't
find that person i sat down with General
Kelly before he moved to chief of staff
and I got some referrals and some
answers and I think he's a tremendous
great American but I didn't get insight
into the wall
and yes I understand meaning you've
tried to identify who in the
administration is for the wall or
against the wall or both I'm trying to
identify who president Trump's
individual or individuals are who
actually have a plan and a strategy to
make any claim to me and you've not gone
that without any hartford me and you've
not found one of those people I've not
I've not found one and I've drilled
deeply and I've had promises that they
would come to me and I and I can't get
those answers so you know I want to see
the plans I want to see what plans have
been approved they had competition
between multiple contractors they
approved a small number of contractors
to build prototypes and this thing is
stalled because somebody complained is
what the best I know but I've not looked
anybody in the eye that is part of the
administration that can say here's what
we're doing here's our plan here's the
progress so far and here are the
proposals that have come forward they
don't have one person doesn't have that
in their head there is no commander of
the wall and I don't know how it gets
done if you're going to trust a
committee that's not is it's just not
cohesive and doesn't seem to know what
each other are doing congressman what do
you think of the president hatching
these deals with Chuck Schumer and Nancy
Pelosi well first I think it's
appropriate for a president to speak
with the leaders of both parties that's
that's fine and it should happen I do
think that maybe Nancy Pelosi hijacks a
message a little bit and the president
has to walk it back I'll bet that's
what's going on to a degree and that's
what interms of the message because the
president you just heard him speak there
I mean he once again reiterated that he
wants some sort of solution for the
800,000 dreamers that he just said again
through no fault of their own was
brought here so it doesn't sound like
anything this is hit these are his words
he's tweeted as such this morning so it
doesn't sound like he's following Nancy
Pelosi his lead I mean this is how he
feels
well and they didn't walk it back some
but I concede your point
Allisyn on that and he also said that he
and Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell agree
on dreamers and 92% agree on that I
think that's his favorite number I
remember him using that number also when
now we were discussing the health care
if you want a totally different thing so
no I don't think 92% agree on this at
all
all I'd say about 80% of his face agree
with me that we cannot reward
lawbreakers if we do that then we get
more lawbreakers and here's the irony
out here is that in 86 Ronald Reagan led
with amnesty and in about 2006 Bush 43
led with amnesty the Obama
administration and the gang of eight led
with amnesty in 2013 every one of those
initiatives failed because the American
people know we need enforcement and if
you give amnesty first with the promise
of enforcement second you got what Bush
41 got when he said no new taxes read my
list he got the taxes and not the
spending cuts you've got to have with
the important things up front and then
have the honor to follow through if
you're going to make the deal
now if amnesty comes later that doesn't
come for me I've worked for 30 years to
restore the respect for the rule of law
especially with regard to immigration
and we were on the cusp of doing that
until the Trump announcement the other
day on daca and now it looks to me like
things are going downhill pretty fast
and we'd better put it back together or
the Republicans will be done in 2018 and
2020 congressman what does this mean for
the Republican Party if the president
protects the dreamers or has a deal with
Pelosi and Schumer to protect the
dreamers and the wall that he promised
really is refurbishing old fences well
it's what it what it means is that the
base will leave him they won't be able
to defend him anymore and yeah I mean I
feel this ringing back to me there's a
strong message and I'm talking about my
constituents in Iowa will say you need
to be behind Trump I am I support his
entire agenda
the planks for the platform I was part
of putting them together even though I
wish I was Cruz's
national co-chairman when when Cruz
dropped out I transitioned over to Trump
and I've been a solid Trump supporter
all along and I'll say today I support
Donald Trump's campaign agenda I support
the agenda that he had when he was torn
into office and I support almost every
piece of the rest of his agenda they
clipped this amnesty piece that's being
dangled out in front of America right
now and that's so destructive to a first
world country
if you
not have the rule of law or respect for
that law then the people that are
writing our immigration laws are the
people that are breaking them and we had
a potent way to protest day before
yesterday hearing the Capitol dreamers
coming out demanding that we give them
an amnesty well what do lawbreakers have
what right do they have to make demands
of the duly elected officials from the
citizens of the United States of America
they should if anything they ought to be
at least pleading for it not demanding
congressmen what does this mean no for
the Republican Party we've heard it
described in some quarters as possible
civil war if you feel as adamantly as
you're describing but yet Mitch
McConnell and speaker Ryan are going to
go along with whatever deal comes up
what does that mean that feature the
Republican Party well I hope that we can
somehow walk through this without
another without another change in in
leadership in the way that it took place
with John Boehner but I would remind
people that you know John Boehner
understood in 2013 that if he brought
amnesty to the floor of the House of
Representatives that that would be the
end of his speakership and he didn't
bring it to the floor
I believe primarily for that reason he
still lost his speakership over that
kind of leadership and so at this point
there is a personal loyalty towards Paul
Ryan I found talked with a yesterday I
liked him I respect him his words been
good to me but this is a precarious
place to force-feed amnesty when all of
history says that the classical mistake
I would ask people talk to ed meets the
third our former attorney general under
Ronald Reagan he was there when they
encouraged Reagan to sign amnesty he
regrets they did and Reagan regretted
his signature because the American
people do have a love and respect for
the rule of law and I said that you know
there are a number of the dreamers I
like a lot there's one that I would
adopt to keep that individual in the
United States if that was what would be
their a good move but I like them a lot
but I love the rule of law and we can't
have both no reward for lawbreakers and
the rule of law they're contradicting
each other they're incompatible they're
oil and water and a civilized nation has
to embrace the rule of law some other
way every other country in the world
wouldn't be having a decision on whether
they were going to grant amnesty and I
don't know how this got into the heads
of the American people as deeply as it
did yes there are young children's that
have been brought in here by their
parents due to no fault of their own and
and yes they're good people and I know a
fair number of them I live in the middle
of a of a very highly very high
concentrations of minority populations
just north and south of me so I'm not
out of connection with this at all yeah
but there were also many that came in at
age 14 15 16 and 17 and we know that I
mean I've been there to watch as they
came across the border smuggling drugs
into America and there's not a
distinction between the kids I've
described in this secondary component of
this and the first component of it the
ways in regard to daca law I mean you're
saying there's no it's always tough when
you make these these statements because
you're saying there's no distinction
between the drug smugglers and the kids
who were brought here by no fault of
their own as minors I mean if I tell
about that I'm saying that no
distinction within the docker language
that's out there they don't
differentiate between them but their
borders ended the criminals that
criminals will be deported I mean that
is the policy yeah but you know every
one of them technically every one of
them as a criminal so their language is
that you know it is I don't know if it's
intended obfuscate this issue but
whoever crossed the border illegally is
if they're you know they course need to
be found guilty of it but whoever is
whoever crossed the border illegally
admitted the crime of unlawful entry but
congressman here's what I want to ask
you if you no longer support if the
President did make this deal and then
you no longer support his agenda and
this morning we're seeing headlines on
Breitbart
that are quite critical of any possible
deal like this we're seeing Ann Coulter
tweet about this we're seeing Sean
Hannity what does that mean for the
president if he loses you all of you his
most stalwart base well Allison you know
from all of this for me it's never been
personal I have supported the
President's agenda and I've been a I'll
say as a significant part in helping to
put those planks into our platform all
along we're back in Iowa and throughout
so if this thing collapses
and they and they roll over the top of
me with amnesty and the rule of laws
destroyed in my life to work is tossed
over the side all the rest of that
agenda as I believe in I'm going to work
to try to get past anyway in the best
way we can so what it means to me I hear
you sir typically what would that be you
would work against the president how
would what would that look like well I
want the full 100% repeal of Obamacare
and there are some fixes I'd like to put
in place in the aftermath of that I want
tax reforms and I want to have corporate
income tax relief I want to have
repatriation of the trillions of dollars
that are stranded overseas because of
tax limitations I want to I want to
address the death tax these are these
are components along the way that I'm
said I'm absolutely for I mean it's my
legislation that is sitting on Mitch
McConnell's desk that is the tort reform
for medical malpractice there are many
many things that we agree on and the
deregulation that he's been aggressive
on so you know I just have to come to
grips with this is frustrating maybe we
can save it whether we can or whether we
can't all of us should be working for
the best agenda that we believe in and
we can't we can't be deciding more gift
somebody because we disagree with them
or disagree with the move they make
we've got to be for the agenda we
believe in and against the agenda we
oppose and somehow the hand of God might
steer us in the right direction
