let's go to the White House I want to
start off by reiterating the messages
that FEMA administrator Brock long and
the president's Homeland Security and
counterterrorism
officer Tom Bossert made this morning
regarding the ongoing relief efforts in
the wakes of hurricanes Irma and Harvey
life-sustaining operations are still
underway and we encourage everyone in
the designated areas in Florida Puerto
Rico and the US Virgin Islands to
register online at WWDC sir assistance
gov that's the quickest way to register
for federal assistance as I said
yesterday the president was pleased that
members on all sides of the aisle came
together last week under his leadership
to deliver critical relief to those
affected by the storms and he has
continued that spirit of bar
bipartisanship and unity this week last
night he hosted Republican and Democrat
senators too to discuss advancing the
administration's legislative priorities
particularly the importance of
delivering tax cuts and reform for the
middle class today in addition to
important meetings with Republican and
Democrat House members and Senator Tim
Scott the president will also host
Senator Schumer and congresswoman Pelosi
this evening for a bipartisan discussion
on the upcoming legislative agenda with
a focus on tax reform historic tax
reform is one of the most significant
ways that we will jumpstart our economy
creating jobs and raising wages for all
Americans the president and his team
will continue to engage with all members
of Congress who are willing to work with
us to deliver this critical relief for
the American people finally on a
slightly lighter note I'd like to
announce that Frank from Falls Church
Virginia whose letter I read last month
offering his services to mow the White
House lawn will be here on Friday he'll
work with the groundskeeping crew here
at the White House and will help cut the
grass in the Rose Garden the president
is committed to keeping the American
dream alive for kids like Frank and
we're all looking forward to having him
here and with that I'll take your
questions
John a couple of questions about this
here first of all can you give us a
readout of the meeting that the
President had with
Scot this morning sure this was a very
productive meeting that the president
and the senator both wanted to have
something to discuss potential solutions
moving forward to bring the country
together a focus on unity also talking
and touching on some of the priorities
for the legislative agenda moving into
the fall senator scott express his
displeasure at all with the president's
initial reaction to Charlottesville not
at all they talked about it pretty
in-depth but the focus was primarily on
solutions moving forward and that was
what both people came to the meeting
wanting to discuss is what we can do to
bring people together not talk about
divisions within the country second
question following the meeting that he
had with the president last night West
Virginia Senator Joe Manchin said in his
perfect world you get 30 Democratic
senators and 30 Republican senators
agreeing on a plan for tax reform does
the president believe he could get 30
Democratic senators and still stick to
his principles for tax reform I think
America hopes he can I think for the for
the sake of most Americans the goal is I
would actually set the sights much
higher and that you have every member of
the Senate come together to help pass
massive tax cuts and bring tax reform to
this country tonight with Schumer and
Pelosi they seem to be getting closer
but in the past the president is called
Chuck Schumer a clown Pelosi a loser but
now he seems to recognize that he needs
them how does that work which means I
think it's less about him needing them
but as more about the president wanting
to work with them and wanting to help
move this country forward as we've said
many times before we've got a very
ambitious legislative agenda for this
fall and the president wants to work
with anybody that wants to move America
forward and if they're willing to do
that sit down be part of that
conversation on both tax cuts and tax
reform responsible immigration reforms
and the president certainly welcomes
those conversations you sure
Pelosi is equal allies on the hill for
getting things done on par with
McConnell and Ryan well the president is
a Republican and certainly I think
ideologically that's a much cleaner
matchup but if again if these people in
these individuals whether they're
Democrats or Republicans want to come
together to push the President's agenda
and the agenda that clearly the American
people want to see or they wouldn't have
elected Donald Trump then we're
certainly happy to have that
conversation and move that ball forward
no I I know the president came out for
Graham Cassady today but a lot of people
believe that may not come to pass
senator Alexander has introduced a more
incremental bill that would stabilize
the insurance markets could the
president support a bill like that or
does it have to be more of a full-scale
repeal and secondly what does the
president make of Democrats efforts on
single parent I think that the president
as well as the majority of the country
knows that the single-payer system that
the Democrats are proposing is a
horrible idea I can't think of anything
worse than having government be more
involved in your health care instead of
less involved the president's focused on
looking at ways where government gets
out of the way people have more control
over their own health care and looking
at ways to again fully repeal and
replace would certainly be a priority
but we want to move the system forward
and make sure that we're in a place
that's actually sustainable and that we
have a health care system that works
that people who are under that health
care system actually have a say in you
signed something that's not a full-scale
repeal obviously I'm not just saying
single-payer but something a lot of you
see the specific pieces of that
legislation before we were gonna weigh
in on a hypothetical bill Matthew thanks
two questions first is most present
tense going to be attending that
tonight I believe the vice-president's
actually hosting another dinner at his
residence with other members of Congress
and will make sure we get those more
details to you on that later today and
on a different topic I wanted to follow
up on some statements you made yesterday
that James Comey you said he some of his
conduct likely could have been illegal I
was wondering what specifically you were
referring to there because the one thing
you pointed out was those memos that
were given to The Times but those were
didn't contain any classified
information and were handed over once he
was a private citizen
yeah the memos that Comey leaked were
created on an FBI computer while he was
the director he claims there were
private property but they clearly follow
the protocol of an official FBI document
leaking FBI memos on a sensitive case
regardless of classification violates
federal laws including the Privacy Act
standard FBI employment agreement and
non-disclosure agreement all personnel
must sign I think that's pretty clean
and clear that that would be a violation
to see happen that's not up to me to
decide I'm certainly not an attorney but
I think that the facts of the case are
very clear so you you're not saying that
the Justice Department should look into
this but you do believe that Comey did
was illegal the Department of Justice
has to look into any allegations of
illegal whether or not something is
illegal or not that's not up to me to
decide what I've said and what I'm
talking about our facts James Comey
leaking of information questionable
statements under oath politicizing an
investigation those are real reasons for
why he was fired and the president's
decision was 100 percent right which
we've said multiple times over and over
and in fact I think the more and more we
learned the more and more that's been
vindicated
on another topic do you need details on
where the president will be going
tomorrow in Florida I mean anything
details on that trip he will be in the
Naples and Fort Myers area and as soon
as those final details about specifics
ops are locked in we'll certainly keep
you guys posted Sarah the first one
after meeting with Senator Scott yes the
president's money changed at all about
that initial statement should be family
were forceful and we'll see sign this
bipartisan resolution condemning the
violence in Charlottesville as well as
hate groups like the KKK and the the
president was clear in his initial
statement that he condemned hatred
bigotry racism of all forms
he continues to stick to that message
he's been very consistent in that fact
he and the senator talked about that and
discussed that and agreed that that was
the appropriate place to be in terms of
whether or not he'll sign the joint
resolution absolutely and he looks
forward to doing so as soon as he
receives it which he hasn't done as I
came out here earlier his meeting with
Chuck Schumer Nancy Pelosi tonight this
is the kind of thing that conservatives
who ran against him by the presidential
race warned about that he would be
cutting deals with Chuck and Nancy and
that would not hold the ideals
Servat is so why is he meeting with just
the two of them this evening and is he
hoping to strike an immigration deal
wish you our blessing I think it's a
pretty disingenuous for people to say
he's only meeting with Democrats the
president is the leader of the
Republican Party and was elected by
Republicans he beat out 16 other
candidates to take that mantle on and
certainly I think one of the strongest
voices and so the idea that the
Republican Party ideas are not
represented in that room it's just
ridiculous some kind of deal similar to
the three-month extension working with
Democrats on the dreamers issue I
wouldn't be surprised if it came up
tonight but I'm not going to get ahead
of the conversations that they're gonna
take place later this evening and as
always we'll certainly keep you guys
posted on what those look like did the
White House know about that IG audit
when the president has had to nominate
we're not going to get into the
back-and-forth our focus particularly at
FEMA right now is on the safety and
security of those that have been
affected by the hurricane we're not
gonna go down rabbit holes on personnel
and our focus is on that as of right now
senator Manchin said that last night at
dinner the president was adamant that
the tax reform would not be a tax cut
for the rich you know on what basis the
president was able to make that promise
is he alleging to hold the top tax rate
of 39.6% are we not going to see a
reduction in that rate how can he assure
Americans that the rich won't get a tax
cut the president's priority when it
comes to tax cuts and tax reform is on
the middle-class helping grow the middle
class helping create jobs simplifying
the system he's laid out those
principles and that's where his focus is
and that's what he's going to push for
as we move into this process the
question
about Bernie Sanders's health plan in
January the president gave an interview
of The Washington Post said he wanted to
see a program that would allow for
insurance for everybody and that would
leverage Medicare and Medicaid ability
to control drug prices Bernie Sanders
seems to be offering a plan that would
do that why does the president not
support I'm pretty sure that it's not
only does the president not support it
but America doesn't support it or Bernie
Sanders would be sitting in the Oval
Office right now
he pushed these ideas forward during the
campaign they were rejected not just by
America but Democrats he didn't make it
through the primary he didn't make it
into the oval I think that's a pretty
clear indication of what America wants
to see and it's not a single-payer
system
they're thinking is that the president
would also be meeting with ranking
members were the minority members on
and on the Finance Committee in advance
of the disclosure of the consensus
outline that's going to come out at the
end of September can you describe the
president's view about how to create a
bipartisan tax plan does he want to get
ideas from Democrats or does he just
want Democrats to buy in to the plan
that Brady and hatch well I think just
by a mere fact that he's been sitting
down both yesterday and today with
multiple members of the Democrat Party
shows that he wants to have that
conversation with them I don't think you
can make that any more clear than to
have those ongoing conversations with
multiple members of the Democrat Party
precision what kind of additional aid
might be necessary to address the
destruction in Florida in terms of
congressman we're still in the recovery
efforts right now and until we get a
little bit further into the process it
would be premature to put those
estimates out there particularly with
precision I would imagine that that
takes us a good bit more time and once
we have those numbers we'll let you know
thank you sir
I'd like to ask the United States is
spearheading a meeting at the UN of
Monday on UN reform could you give me
some specifics on what the United States
hopes to accomplish in that meeting
we're not I'm not gonna get ahead of the
meetings that are gonna take place but I
can tell you that on Friday general
McMaster and ambassador Haley will be
here at the briefing to talk in more
detail about the UN General Assembly
events and meetings that will take place
next week thanks a lot Sarah two
questions on just a follow-up to the
president's meeting that he had with
Senator Scott this morning after the
president's response to that white
supremacist rally in Charlottesville
senator Scott said that presidents Trump
moral authority was compromised in terms
of the conversation that they had does
the president understand what troubled
senator Scott in regards to his response
they had a very open and honest
conversation and committed to continuing
those conversations and making sure that
today was just the first step of many of
those meetings where I think that'll be
an ongoing process and ongoing
conversation that they have tax reform
with the meeting that's taking place
this evening with Democratic leaders
from Congress Oh what has been the
reaction that you've seen from the
supporters that were on board the sort
of the Trump bandwagon from the start
this new tack that the president is
taking in reaching out to Democrats this
was something that the president talked
about on the campaign trail of being a
good deal maker and being able to sit
down with members of both sides and be
able to bring a deal and bring good
legislation for the American people this
isn't new and people listened and heard
the President and certainly supported
him and that's why he's here today John
Gizzi
Thank You Sara two different questions
on two subjects first your earlier
remarks about the nature of repeal and
replace legislation would seem to rule
out the White House support or a
flat-out repeal which is favored by many
Republican House members are you ruling
our discouraging a flat-out repeal major
first we haven't we haven't ruled out
anything that helps move this process
forward we're grateful for the efforts
that are continuing in Congress and we
hope that they do what they campaigned
on and what they promised the American
people they would do and that's not just
repeal but it's also replaced I think
both of those parts are very important
moving forward though the president
recently appointed 42 new US attorneys
and it's been reported fairly widely
that only one of them was woman the US
Attorney for the District of Columbia
Joyce Vance former democratic appointed
US Attorney in Alabama called this and I
quote a slap in the face on for what is
the reaction of the White House to that
comment on his wave of appointment
attorneys I think that the president has
certainly surrounded himself with a lot
of strong women in various positions
including myself in a pretty high
position and senior position in the
administration as well as hope Hicks
Kellyanne Conway a number of others he's
continuing to add women to his staff at
senior levels every single day and I
think that's a very positive step
forward concerning particularly in the
communications it's the first time in
history that's happened Trevor thanks
thanks Sarah it was reported today that
Mike Flynn jr. is the subject of a
federal investigation into election
meddling is the president concerned that
someone who served on his transition
team is now the subject of a federal
investigation I haven't had a
conversation with him about that but I'd
refer you to outside counsel on but a
comment that Hillary Clinton made this
morning she said that she wish President
Trump was the president for all
Americans
give any reaction to this
characterization of the president's role
in the White House I think that type of
misunderstanding of who this president
is and frankly a misunderstanding of
what he's been doing is exactly one of
the reasons that Hillary Clinton is not
the president and is instead pushing a
book with a lot of false narratives and
a lot of I think false accusations and
and placing blame on a lot of other
people instead of accepting it herself
a little over a week ago of the Canada
US and Mexico I suppose the second round
don't stop the second round of
negotiations on Africa I'm not tough I
next round in 10 days in Ottawa has the
president been briefed on the second
round is he happy with the result is if
it was great and is it still considering
canceling the entire agreement those
negotiations are still ongoing and a
final decision hasn't been made and
they're going to continue to push
forward to make sure that the best deal
possible for Americans and American
workers happens
I'm not sure I'm not aware of any
conversation that's taking place and
quite a long time so and I also want to
ask about tonight's dinner why not also
invite Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan oh
look you've got the leader of the
Republican Party sitting at the table
this is the president's opportunity to
have a very open and honest conversation
with members of the Senate and I think
anybody that tries to distort it into
something other than that is just
misunderstanding what the purpose is I
don't want to get it wrong either - are
you saying that if Mitch McConnell Paul
Ryan were there then that conversation
would be distorted yeah that's not what
I'm saying at all I'm saying that if
anybody thinks that the Republican
viewpoint isn't being represented is
completely misunderstanding that the
president is the leader of the
Republican Party
so is the president negotiating
presidents negotiated on behalf of the
American people exactly what he was
elected to do and the idea that you guys
keep trying to distort this into a bad
thing is I think exactly why this
president was elected they were sick and
tired of business as usual they wanted
somebody who would break up the status
quo that would bring people from both
sides of the table together to have
conversations this president's done more
for bipartisanship in the last eight
days than Obama did in eight years
what are the topics were on the table
with the president yaaaa
they talked about tax reform they talked
about moving to a looking at different
ways to bring the country together and
about continuing ongoing conversations
making sure that they stayed in constant
contact with one another and having a
pretty open and regular conversation
conversations about HBCUs in this
meeting and HBCUs were not discussed in
the midday today and sources saying that
there was a conversation about a request
from black Republicans to have a
high-ranking black Republican within
this administration who knows issues and
understands how to how Washington up and
down Pennsylvania Avenue works
was that a conversation in this meeting
there's certainly conversations about
adding additional personnel that can tap
into the african-american community that
did come up so where did that where did
that go
what did the president say about a
commitment to absolutely work with
Senator Scott to look to do exactly that
and for the two of them to continue to
have those conversations for his
viewpoints to continue to be expressed
directly to the president certain issues
are certain people as it related to that
topic about bringing these specific
people didn't come up like corporate tax
rate of 15 percent however Stephen
ushion yesterday said I don't know if we
will be able to achieve that given the
budget issues you were asked about mr.
venusian comments you said the president
is prepared to push for lower rate as we
can get however Mick Mulvaney said today
that he had spoken to the president and
the president was adamant about a 15%
rate so is the official position from
the administration that a 15% rate needs
to happen or that all of this is subject
to negotiation the 15 percent has been
the goal it's always been the goal we're
going to continue pushing for that that
certainly hasn't changed secondly with
working with or at least talking tonight
we're
Pelosi and Schumer one of the things
that they want is not one penny their
campaign to the wealthiest Americans
that is a marker that they have drawn in
the sand at this point is the president
open to not having tax cuts as deep as
once were maybe thought for the
wealthiest of Americans again the
president's focus has never been on the
wealthiest of Americans it's been on tax
cuts for the middle class and tax reform
as a whole that continues to be his
priority and will in tonight's
discussion come through one is just
since you raised the issue mrs.
Clinton's book having a false narrative
and false accusations could you point us
to a couple specific accusations in the
book that you believe are factually
incorrect
I think the probably the biggest one is
any place within the book where she lays
blame for the loss on anyone but herself
separate topic the President issued a
strong statement the other day on
Myanmar and the persecution of the
minority Muslim population I know that
topic came up at his meeting yesterday
with the Malaysian I'm wondering whether
the president feels that Ansan suci as a
figure of great moral stature and the de
facto leader of that country should be
more forthright in condemning what's
happening in that part of her country I
think anytime anyone sees something like
that taking place a public condemnation
is certainly appropriate we're gonna
continue working with our allies and
partners to be part of the process in
whatever way we can moving forward
yes you mentioned a couple times today
was for the emphasize diversity in the
West Wing I talked about the president
being very clear after charlottesville
and announcing all he and I just want to
read a comment from a influential
African American sportscaster from ESPN
yesterday
that Donald Trump is a white supremacist
who has largely surrounded himself with
other white supremacist is rise in
direct result of white supremacy period
he's unqualified n fit to be President
why do you think give a reaction to that
is our president aware of that comment
and I'm not sure if he's aware but I
think that's one of the more outrageous
comments that anyone could make and
certainly something that I think is a
fireable offense by ESPN the president
was so clear and he said why do you
think influential African American
figures are saying things like I'm not
gonna speak for that individual but I
did I know that the president has met
again with people like Senator Scott who
are highly respected leaders in the
african-american community he's
committed to working with them to bring
the country together I think that's
where we need to be focused not on
outrageous statements like that one
continue to do that relationship in the
last eight days
these years are you basing that off of
reading seconds hell
I'm basing that on the fact that he's
actually willing to sit down with
members of the opposite party something
that President Obama rarely did and
certainly didn't listen to members of
the opposite party I can't think of a
single time where he made a deal with
anybody from the opposite side of the
you know from anybody beyond the
Democrat Party and the again this
president is committed to doing that he
hasn't just done it once but he's
continuing to do that as we move into
one of the most ambitious legislative
agendas that we've had in a long time
and we're committed to working with
Democrats he's both stated that publicly
and in these meetings that he's going to
continue to have the president believe
is a mistake not to have invested more
time and energy in the Schumer closer
relationship at an earlier stage in his
term I don't think so I think that right
now we're at a critical time where we
have some big things on the agenda tax
reform responsible immigration reform
he's committed to working again with
both Republicans and Democrats to push
those through and hopes that they'll
come on board to do that thanks so much
guys the president will be having an
event here in just momentarily thank you
