Hillary Clinton's not yet formally
released memoir making headlines already
today for something she says about her
opponent in the Democratic presidential
primary campaign senator Bernie Sanders
here's an excerpt from the book titled
what happened he isn't a Democrat that's
not a spear that's what he says he
didn't get into the race to make sure a
Democrat won the White House he got in
to disrupt the Democratic Party I am
proud to be a Democrat and I wish Bernie
was too let's get back to our panel and
Brianna you've read these excerpts at
the book I think is formally released
next week but already this is causing
quite a stir she's in effect saying you
know Bernie Sanders he's not a Democrat
and she's in effect also saying he's
partly responsible for her loss to
Donald Trump as someone who frequently
complains that some of these candidate
books and now she of course our
political futures behind her I
complained sometimes that these
candidate books should be accompanied by
a defibrillator because they can be so
whitewashed and boring this may be isn't
that maybe this is going to be really
honest and for that I am very interested
in reading this but at the same time it
speaks to an issue that Hillary Clinton
has had I think we've all seen this
where she struggles sometimes to take
responsibility now we're looking at an
excerpt we need to see the entirety of
the book so this all this evaluation
could change as we see that but she came
in with weaknesses that were completely
self created and for an opponent to
ignore those things to not really run
them you know the emails and in a number
of things to not really capitalize on
them would have been political
negligence
