without the on-camera briefings which
which journalists have been pushing to
remain on camera and not have held off
camera what I've been noticing is a lack
of answers let me show you what I mean
first a lot of I don't knows from Sarah
Aqaba Sanders no I don't I don't know
I'm not sure I don't know I'm not sure
we don't know I'm not aware of that I'm
not aware of any specific I'm not sure
not sure about the specifics I don't
know I'm not aware of that there's a
twist on the I don't know it's the I'll
get back to you here's what we noticed
from all the briefings in August from
Sanders I'd have to check on that and
get back to you I'd have to get back to
you on that I'd have to certainly check
in to that I'd have to check on that and
get back to you it's something I'd have
to check into and get back to you I will
try to look into that I have to look
into that we will certainly let you know
I'll let you know I'll let you know Mele
you know I hate to sound like a broken
record I'll let you know we'll let you
know we'll let you guys know well you
know let you know and certainly let you
know let you know that's gonna happen
I'll certainly keep you posted we'll
keep you posted I'll circle back with it
will continue to keep you guys updated
are you saying you will ask him and get
back to us no I said I would have to in
order to answer that question
so reporters say she normally does not
get back to those questions that are
asked of the briefings sometimes the
press shop does Alice your reaction as a
former communications director for a
campaign but clearly the number one
mission and focus of the briefings
whether it's at the White House or on
the state level is to to get your
message out and get your points out
there and and put your agenda out there
and then obviously follow up with
questions from the media and a couple
things to always keep in mind when
you're in that position is to be factual
be consistent with your boss and make
sure that if there are additional
questions that you make sure and you do
that and and answer as many questions as
you possibly can and that is critical to
do so but at the same time look Sarah
and the comms team there at the White
House are available 24/7 to answer
questions for the media I know that for
a fact and the press briefing is just
one aspect of what they do to answer the
questions and it's also important that
while they're being factual and they're
being consistent with their boss they
can't get out ahead of their boss if
they're working on a program or an
initiative such as Daka she can't get
out there in the press briefing and
something before it's out there and I
know a lot of the questions that you
just played clips from where many of the
same questions about an initiative that
hasn't been finalized yet and she really
can't get out there ahead of it so with
regard to that I think it's important
for for reporters to understand you know
when the administration is ready to
announce a certain program then they
will certainly do it but it's never
helpful to put it out in drips and drabs
at press briefings and I think that's
obviously what Sarah's being really
careful to do in these cases
wasn't it a head scratcher on on Friday
when the president said he was going to
announce his dreamers decision on this
weekend or Monday then Erol Sanders said
no it's gonna be on Tuesday just seem
like another frankly in the scheme of
things relatively small but another
example of the confusion from the Trump
White House well that's right I mean
look the reality is the the in effect
the communications director I guess
they've gone through three or four of
them now the real communications
director is sitting in the Oval Office
right he's making his own schedule
he's determining the pace of policy
development and the announcements and so
forth and so you know you look at I love
that montage you put up there of the
comms team sort of just racking up IOUs
I'll get back to you I'll get back to
you I don't know I don't know and and a
lot of that is just the normal way
things are supposed to work because
those are answers to questions about
various agencies some some fairly
obscure time she doesn't want to ask her
boss she doesn't want to know what
President Trump's gonna answer but she
says I haven't asked him I don't know
well that's right and it sort of speaks
to the fact that this is a two-way
street she is supposed to not just be
dispensing the party line I mean Alice
is correct that's sort of the primary
job but she's also supposed to break
back to the policy team to the White
House to the president if necessary that
a lot of questions are coming from from
the public in the form of questions from
the news media and that they've they're
gonna have to sort of step up the pace
on some of these questions
