senator amid these tensions we've been
talking about with North Korea this
morning the Washington Post is reporting
the president Trump has instructed
advisers to prepare to withdraw from a
free trade agreement with South Korea do
you think that's the right thing to do
now no not at all
I don't think that that would be good in
any circumstances now it's particularly
troubling given what South Korea is
faced with I think we need to do more
trade not less and withdrawing from
trade agreements is a very troubling
sign I want to ask you about what's
known as daca the Obama era program that
shields young documented immigrants who
were brought by the u.s. brought to the
u.s. rather by their parents shields
them from deportation you tweeted at the
following on Friday Congress needs to
take immediate action to protect protect
daca kids but let me show you what
President Trump promised during the
campaign in your home state of Arizona
we will immediately terminate President
Obama's two illegal executive amnesty in
which he defied federal law and the
Constitution to give amnesty to
approximately 5 million illegal
immigrants 5 million senator the
president said he's going to make a
decision soon why should he go back on
this promise which was very popular
among Republicans in places like your
state because of a beautiful right the
right thing to do to go back on a
promise
obviously you you hope that presidents
keep some of their campaign promises and
you hope that they ignore others this is
one that he ought to ignore there are
800,000 daca kids kids who have brought
across the border the median age I think
is six years old
for those 800,000 when they came across
the border they should not be punished
for the sins of their parents that's
just the the basic principle that we
ought to follow here they are in either
in school or have graduated and are
working almost all of them think 90 some
percent of them are in the work force to
remove them from the country to split up
families like this is just not the
way we ought to go it's senator if the
president says that he will extend the
protections for dreamers but do it in
exchange for funding from Congress from
you for his border wall would you go
along with that compromise obviously all
of us believe in border security it
depends on what he means by the wall and
we still really haven't seen what he
means by the wall if that's a metaphor
for border security we can certainly
support that but if he's talking about a
solitary brick and mortar 2,000 mile the
edifice on the border then no nobody
ought to support that so we really
haven't seen what the president is
really talking about when he talks about
the wall let's talk about you and
President Trump he really is on a
mission to defeat your re-election as a
fellow Republican he's called you a
flake
he says you're toxic and he has promoted
your Republican primary opponent Kelly
Ward I want you to listen to more of
what the president said about you on
your home turf just this past week
nobody wants me to talk about your other
senator who's weak on borders weak on
crime so I won't talk about him nobody
knows who the hell is senator what makes
you think that you can win your
Republican primary in your state with
the president attacking you and you
going after him the people in Arizona
tend to elect independent minded
principled senators Barry Goldwater John
McCain I think the voters here expect me
to have my own franchise to represent
them not to be a rubber stamp for the
president so I'm quite comfortable being
where I am I would hate to be tethered
to any president Republican or Democrat
and every position they take that's not
what a senator is supposed to do but
Senator 88% of Republicans in your home
state of Arizona voted for Donald Trump
in November you might be right about the
general voters in Arizona but we're
talking about an intra Republican war
that it one of the battlefields is right
there and you're
leading the charge against the Trump the
Trump voters no that's not that's not
the case
what I'm doing is voting on a
conservative basis that's my philosophy
I will support the president what I
believe he's right I've supported many
of the agenda items that he's put
forward I'll oppose those that I think
he's wrong on things like NAFTA for
example I think NAFTA has been good for
Arizona has been good for Mexico it's
been good for Canada it's been good to
the entire country those kind of things
that will damage Arizona I won't support
the president on but on most things I do
that's what I do with every president
that's what the voters in Arizona expect
me to do senator I want to turn before I
let you go to Russia and escalating
tensions with Russia officials there are
protesting American intentions to search
Russian diplomatic facility is one here
in Washington in particular and they
call it a hostile act but do you think
that Russia's interference in America's
election wasn't that just that a hostile
act
well obviously Russia did try to
intervene and did try to meddle in our
elections that's a settled matter what
we do with regard to diplomatic
facilities is governed by conventions
and protocols that are in place
obviously we don't run afoul of those
and and Russia shouldn't either
but Russia is an adversary I think that
we we ought to if we don't we ought to
continue to recognize that so I'm
certainly supportive of us recognizing
them as an adversary and lastly senator
the leaders here in Washington your
Republican leaders the White House
they're preparing to attach potentially
attach this popular bill to help victims
of hurricane Harvey to a controversial
measure to increase the nation's debt
limit do you support this move well we
don't know how it's going to come
forward I know that we desperately need
to help those who have been through this
horrific situation in Texas and
Louisiana will do so we'll also raise
the debt ceiling raising the debt
ceiling
is it simply paying for bills that
you've already accrued we obviously need
to be concerned about our growing
deficit and our massive debt but but the
debt limit is not the place to do that
on and and obviously we've got to
provide assistance to those in Texas in
Louisiana
okay just to be clear you are okay with
you will support financial assistance
federal assistance for Harvey Oh
obviously what we're talking about this
coming week is immediate emergency
assistance kind of the down payment and
I don't think you'll have much argument
there okay senator thank you so much
appreciate your time this morning
