one follow-up on Tom's remarks he said
that the White House will be putting
together a supplemental do you have a
sense of when you'll submit that to
Congress and then secondly can you
confirm reports that the president has
leaning towards or deciding to end daca
and what other ramifications of that for
the treatment I'll take your the first
question in terms of supplemental
funding as tom said we're working with
Congress we're not going to get ahead of
director Mulvaney he is working with
them around the clock to make sure that
process moves forward quickly and
effectively in terms of daca echoing
again on what Tom said earlier final
decision on that front has not been made
and when it is we will certainly inform
everybody in this room
Cecilia's I think in January the
president said the dreamers shouldn't be
worried so can you stand here today and
say dreamers should not be worried once
again we have a final decision this is
under review there are a lot of
components that need to be looked at and
once a decision is made we will
certainly let you guys know Glenn sure
that there's a specific report out by
Fox that talks about that since
essentially a decision is made to
roll back the program by the end of this
week and that there will be provisions
allowing dreamers were in the country
right now to stay until their work
authorization expired are you
specifically denying that report no
offense to your colleague from Fox News
but I think I'm a little bit better
informed than they are in terms of when
the White House has made a decision and
as I just said a moment ago it has not
been finalized and when it is we will
certainly let you know palette few
questions
I'm glad can you at least talk about the
timeline there you've got these dates
and set September 5th is when they will
begin to do this court action that's
obviously Tuesday after Labor Day
so does that mean that some decision
will be coming down tomorrow before the
holiday weekend can you at least talk
about the timeline for this those folks
who are wondering what their status is
going to be here again I'm not going to
get ahead of something and be
presumptuous when a decision hasn't been
made we don't know when the final review
is going to be completed so it would be
disingenuous for me to create a false
timeline that simply just is workable
and is not you guys there are a lot of
conversations around the timeline and
when that has to be made and again that
hasn't been fully reviewed and vetted
and decided it's Mark Harvey Sarah
there's obviously been a huge outpouring
of support for people all around the
country the victims Harvey you see
people lining up volunteer you've seen
people donating tens of millions of
dollars can you speak to the president
his family have done regarding donation
for RT relief personally yes I can I had
a chance to speak directly with the
president earlier and I'm happy to tell
you that he is would like to join in the
efforts that a lot of the people that
we've seen across this country do and
he's pledging a million dollars of
personal money to the fund and he's
actually asked that I check with the
folks in this room since you are very
good at research and have been doing a
lot of reporting in to the groups and
organizations that have best and most
effective in helping and providing aid
and he'd love some suggestions from the
folks here and I'd be happy to take
those if any of you have them that as I
said he'll pledge proudly a million
dollars of his own personal money to
help the people at both Texas and
Louisiana
the president said that he may return
detective and may also go to Louisiana
over the weekend do you have an update
on the president's travel schedule we
know that vice president Mike Pence is
there today if the president is going
where my ego and will he meet with the
back of these lodges there the president
and the first lady will be traveling
both to Texas and Louisiana on Saturday
the specific cities and locations are
being finalized hopefully we'll have
that information for you later today I
believe as of right now tentatively he
plans to be in the Houston area of Texas
and possibly Lake Charles Louisiana but
again you know varying on conditions
that may change a little bit that was
that's a tentative plan makes point on
taxes before a move on a phone yesterday
the president went to Missouri to push
for tax reform he has said the
administration has said that they'd like
to see a bill before the House of
Representatives in September but there's
differences between where the
administration is and where House GOP
leaders are do you still expect that to
happen in September as we as we said
before this is going to be a big
priority for the administration
certainly moving through the fall the
biggest part is that we make sure that
we get it right and that we provide tax
relief to middle-class America and that
we help Americans across the board
that's the goal and if we can do that by
September that would be great like
president hitting the road yesterday he
made it seem as if this should be a
simple bipartisan fixed however
Democrats are saying that there should
not be tax relief for those who are the
wealthiest 1%
garners does the president believe you
that the wealthiest 1% deserve taxes the
president laid out clearly what his big
priorities were yesterday I'll be glad
to repeat those permanently reducing tax
rates encouraging entrepreneurs to
invest simplifying the process
incentivizing American companies to
bring back jobs and profits the
president is focused on helping all
Americans across the board the biggest
priority he has is on helping
middle-class Americans and making sure
more of those people keep more of their
money the White House think working with
Democrats on this is reasonable or
likely I mean they're already laying
down the marker for where they stand you
just said for all Americans presumably
that includes the top one I would love
for Democrats to want to help all
Americans I don't know why they would
ever want to be against that certainly
helping more Americans have more money
that they worked hard to earn in their
pocket I don't know anybody that would
want to be against that so hopefully
they they will be reasonable and want to
come to the table I have a tax reform
question but first just quickly about
that charitable donation will that be
coming from Trump personally as opposed
to the from Foundation or the Trump
Organization I know that the president
he said he was personally going to give
I don't know the legal part of exactly
that but he said his personal money sort
of assuming that comes directly from tax
reform if I'm a secretary venetians said
earlier that the administration is going
to release a blueprint on tax reform
that will then go to Congress when can
we expect that how much detail will that
go into and how is that is that a change
from letting Congress take the lead on
actually drafting legislation as both
members of the administration the
president said our job is to lay out the
core principles the primary pillars that
we want to see in tax reform its
Congress's job to legislate so we want
to work through that process and allow
them to actually do their jobs we're
going to do our jobs and lead the
conversation set the table set the
priorities and let them do their job and
legislate get it passed so the president
can sign it John Decker see
I think we've already been laying out a
lot of those principles that's the
foundation and we'll continue to add to
that
Johnson is this push for tax reform the
priority for the president and the
administration right now have you put
the repeal and replace effort to the
side for the moment the focus
exclusively on your tax reform proposals
as the white house I don't think you
ever get to exclusively focus on only
one issue it's certainly one of the top
priorities for the administration moving
into the fall but as we've said many
times before we can walk and chew gum at
the same time and we plan to push
through a lot of different things
throughout the fall
John the one thing again Sarah if I may
on the qilin replace as you know you
receive no Democratic support in either
the house or the Senate as far as tax
reform is concerned are you expecting a
different result do you think you can
get Democrats to support some sort of
legislation that comes more from both
houses of Congress as I said a minute
ago I would certainly hope so I don't
know why any Democrat would be against
wanting to provide tax relief for
hardworking Americans particularly those
in the middle class I think it would be
very sad in a big mistake son Gizzi and
thank you Sarah just one question
just one just one politics the president
gave a very strong endorsement through
Twitter of Senator Luther strange in his
bid for nomination
in the special election the runoff is
coming up in September 26 if there have
been published reports that the
president is backing away from that
endorsement and not taking sides which
would make him the first Republican
president in 47 years not to back an
incumbent senator for another term is he
as committed to Senator strange or has
his position changed since the original
primary due to the legal restrictions
that I have I cannot answer anything
political from the podium so I have to
leave that to outside folks and the
president himself to answer that today
in an interview said fast about plants
books at Tubman and tomato
he's big answer during the campaign the
president called this few liberal
correctness in the administration
reversing the science to change I'm not
aware of any policy change certainly
have to check into that Peter sorry I
promised I'd come back spent on daca in
February the president said he would
treat dreamers with heart the president
stand by his statement to treat dreamers
with heart absolutely the president
stands by his statement right now this
is currently under review both from a
legal standpoint primarily and until
that review is complete again as I
answered before we don't have anything
to add further on that would run
anything daca be treating dreamers with
again I'm not going to get into a back
and forth until a decisions been made
electronically to reach out let me kind
of take a minute I probably right after
right after chat that I shifting to
Russia for a moment the decision to
announce tempting there for you the
alien alkmaar they by the State
Department on closing for you facilities
in this long tit for tat that has been
going on with Russia a lot of analysts
now say that relations between the US
and Russia are at the lowest point since
the Cold War do you agree with that and
if so whose fault is it look right now
we're requiring the Russian government
to close its Consulate General in San
Francisco a trade annex in Washington DC
in a trade annex in New York City these
closures have to be completed by the
September 2nd we've taken a firm and
measured action in response to Russia's
unfortunate decision earlier this year
we want to hop the downward spiral
spiral and we want to move forward to
towards better relations
we'll look for opportunities to do that
but we also want to have equity in the
decisions and anything beyond that
anything beyond that I would refer you
to the State Department which is where
solutions
/ or at least in decades I don't think
so human determined to improve relations
with Russia
we're going to look for opportunities to
do that but we're also going to make
sure that we make decisions that are
best for our country my god Sarah Thanks
senators Grassley and Grande revealed
today that they have evidence suggesting
that former FBI director Comey made a
decision to not charge Hillary Clinton
several months before the investigation
actually wrapped up and before they
interviewed Hillary Clinton does
president know about this and does he
believe that that adds weight to his
decision to fire from I'm not sure if he
is aware of that revelation but if it is
as accurate as they say it is I think
that would certainly give calls and
reason that Jim Comey was not the right
person to lead the FBI and hopefully all
of your colleagues will follow suit and
covering that story Zeke correctamundo
Frick mr. president to play that imagine
court press was one of those
specifically the effects of whatever the
tax plan is on the budget has the White
House statement along position on
whether the tax plan needs to be revenue
neutral or is the White House willing to
accept attack fund that would
that would essentially raise the deficit
the president talked a lot about the
deficits over the course of this
campaign the White House so is he laying
down the market and not at this time I
don't have any further announcement on
that front Fred oh thanks sir a couple
questions on Obamacare that there some
some governor's today came out in favor
of sustainability approach been talked
about of money and some folks in the
Senate would ask you a wooded
ministration outright opposed to the
type of Obamacare bailout for insurance
companies I can't imagine that it would
be something we would want to be
involved in but I would have to refer
you to HHS specifically on that on that
question and secondly the president
tweeted reliably but uh talk about
taking away the Obamacare exception
remember the Congress staff is there
anything to stop them from taking an
action now something that could be done
executive Li is that I cannot I think
that's something he is certainly still
considering out policy he went said on
that last week saudi-led coalition and
gammon killed 42 civilians as the
Predators the president concerned about
the humanitarian situation yet something
that we're certainly keeping an eye on
and I would refer you back to them for
anything further at this point the
kalidahs are saying today that the Emir
will be here next week to meet in Fresno
just wanting to confirm that and then on
the Russia diplomatic move did president
initiate this this was a decision made
by the president yes and on the quiz I'm
not ready to make an announcement on
that I'll have to check on the specifics
of that
individual interaction is certainly
among them but it's in goshi ating still
opportunist absolutely all includes all
so I think that would certainly include
diplomatic economic and military options
ones they follow up just as we are
getting closer to Friday can you tell us
whether the presidential in confidence
in Yuriko yes the president is working
hand-in-hand with Gary and the rest of
his team on tax reform as I've said
several times earlier today that's a big
priority for the administration moving
into the fall and Gary is an integral
member of the team leading that effort
April yellow replaces this president is
so dead set on trying to make sure that
people place his own fields Obama care
what's happening with the website is
there still active enrollment you on
that website as far as I know I'm not
aware of any reason that it's not but
I'd have to certainly check into that
I'm not checking into the Obama care
website daily so I'd have to look into
that you're not actively encouraging
people you're moreso saying repealing
the place I think that everybody in the
country knows that Obamacare is
collapsing and that something still
needs to be done and the administration
is still very much committed to putting
a health care system in place that
actually works because we know Obamacare
doesn't it's not sustainable so yes
we're continuing to move forward and
look for ways to help all Americans
receive better care HBCU conference on
is it possible I asked
hi mom can you give us the list because
we're still hearing more and more from
other colleges and universities in the
HBCU community we're standing there
absolutely not coming and you say it's
at capacity and you have a waiting list
is there any way that you can share some
of those names yeah I think this the
Department of Education is housing that
again I will try to look into that I
meant to do that last week thanks so
much guys happy ok great
