dr. Kimmel let me just start with you
that story after all of that then trying
to get through waist-deep water to get
there
I tell us about that journey well I had
a hard time getting there on my own and
the hospital was able to get ahold of
the local volunteer fire department so
William and Kevin knocked on my door
and he said we're gonna run for a while
doc so we we ran through the through the
flooded streets and it was pretty windy
and rainy and then as you said we went
by canoe and then by waves pickup truck
and by canoe again and I felt that these
guys knew what they were doing so I
didn't worry about myself at all the
whole time and we got there in pretty
good time considering how we had to go
I mean Jacob were you surprised that dr.
Kimmel was was there I mean I know you
and your family must have had to worry
that as hard as it was for you to get
there it must have been just as hard for
the doctor that was so crucial to you
yes it was kind of weird cuz I got there
and I didn't know who was the doctor
because he got here I thought he was
just like some I don't know just some
dude and that's what my mom thought too
and once he told me I was like oh okay I
wasn't dressed like this
