joining us now to talk about this and
much more the governor of the
Commonwealth of Virginia Terry McAuliffe
governor good to see you thanks for
joining us good morning Jake so let's
begin with the president Trump's pardon
of a sheriff arpaio what do you make the
decision bad decision goes against the
rule all I can tell you as governor one
of the most important decisions I make
are those that I pardon I look for folks
who for redemption to be able to go back
into the workforce and this pardon that
he did had nothing to do with it and I
do agree with Senator Schumer at a time
right now after we've had
Charlottesville on other issues it is
time for reconciliation time for healing
let us bring this country together
president Trump of course continuing to
face criticism about his response to the
violence in Charlotte all this time in
his own white house is that National
Economic Council director Gary cone said
this week to the Financial Times that
the Trump administration quote can and
must do better and consistently and
unequivocally condemning these groups
the president said this week that his
response to Charlotte's vote was quote
perfect and said that the media was
taking his words out of context take a
listen the words were perfect they only
take out anything they can think of the
media can attack me but where I draw the
line is when they attack you which is
what they do when they attack the
decency of our supporters what's your
response to that sir well as you know I
came right out after the president spoke
the president did not say neo-nazis he
did not say white supremacist I came out
immediately and said these neo-nazis
came to Virginia the alt-right came the
white supremists the Klansmen I told him
to get out go home they're not welcome
in our state but be honest with you
their hatred is not welcome in this
country they pretended they were
Patriots they're not they are cowards
they came to Virginia armed to harm our
citizens and the point is that these
people came to do harm
they brought their hatred here it wasn't
both sides you had there is no moral
equivalent you had one side neo-nazis
who our great country fought against
adolf hitler and white supremists and
Klansmen who's spewing hatred the other
side were counter protesters who were
protesting their hate I just disagree
with the president it was
both sides this was one side hatred
bigotry and bias and there's no place in
this country and he just needs to call
it out for what it is that's how you how
did we get here Jake to this point where
these people spewed this horrible
language and most importantly this is
the key and it isn't about monuments
this is a broader issue about the hatred
and bigotry in our country how do we do
healing how do we do reconciliation and
how do we move forward as a nation
because we need to be united as the
United States of America to compete on a
global basis but everybody and let's
talk about schools today if every
children get an equal opportunity for a
great education our children being able
to get a healthy breakfast in the
morning something my wife does here 10
million more breakfasts as last year in
Virginia for needy children these are
the things we need to focus on governor
while I take your point on moral
equivalence what do you make of the
counter protesters who are part of a
group called an tyfa that actually seek
to confront the Klan and the alt-right
through violent means are they not
problematic when it comes to their
tactics and and what they stand for
yep and let me be crystal clear
everybody's entitled to protest
everybody under the First Amendment but
it's peaceful protest I was very angry
I've been very public about this that
the city of Charlottesville who had
control they were in command control
this situation they got a permit to move
it out of downtown Charlottesville
unfortunately sued by the ACLU and then
the judge ruled that stayed in the
middle of downtown
it was a boiling pot with people armed
but anyone I don't care which side you
were on Jake if you came to Virginia and
you committed some act of violence we
are going to come after you and we are
going to arrest you either side
regardless I saw a picture today of a
gentleman with a aerosol can with like a
flamethrower we're gonna we're gonna
track you down now we just arrested
yesterday or put the warrants out for
two individuals one from Maryland one
from Ohio who went after and attacked
DeAndre Harris several individuals
attacked this young man who was a
substitute assistant teacher for special
ed children in heist
he was visually viciously beaten we are
now going to get to and we're gonna get
every single individual you commit a
crime of violence I don't care which
side you're on we're gonna come get you
let's talk about the Confederate
monuments cuz you have called for them
to be removed but this is a relatively
new position for you listen to what you
had to say about the Confederate
monuments back here 2015 robert e lee
jefferson davis these are all parts of
our heritage and the people were in that
battle the civil war many a minute
obviously for their own reasons that
they had for that but leave the statues
and those things alone leave the statues
and those things alone that's you in
2015 were you wrong then well that was
when i gave that speech is when i had
taken executive action and remove the
Confederate flag from all the license
plates in the Commonwealth of Virginia
it was a very controversial move when I
did it because I said listen this is a
divisive symbol that is on the license
plate and as governor I took executive
action many individuals disagreed with
my action at that time so this was the
first step and now what we've seen after
Charlottesville and around the country
that those statues have very similar
significance to what when I when I took
the Confederate flag off our license
plates they are symbol monuments should
be unifiers they are now symbols of
hatred and I have said let's take them
down I do not have the authority as
governor the local jurisdictions do and
the General Assembly but let's go ahead
and take them down and move forward
earlier this year you were asked if you
wanted to be President you said quote I
don't know I might in the wake of
Charlottesville do you feel even more
motivated to run against President Trump
in 2020 listen I get asked this question
a lot you know I've been very vocal on
the issues you know I'm very proud here
Virginia unemployment went from all the
way from five for the three seven
hundreds of thousands of new jobs record
amount of investment we've made great
progress I get asked this all the time
I'll give you the same answer Jake I
give every single person I am the
governor of the Commonwealth of Virginia
I have five months to go I want to
finish here strong in 18 I'm gonna help
elect we have 38 governors up between
now and November of 2018 and
that's my focus I don't know what's
gonna happen after that but I love this
job I am I'm the taxpayer dime they pay
me to be governor and that's what I
focus on every single day we'll see what
happens down the road but I have no
intentions of running for president my
only intention is to figure and tear
strong I want to get twenty billion of
economic new economic activity I'm at
sixteen and a half I already have the
all-time record I want to take it to the
next level today I'm going out to a
juvenile detention facility one that I'm
shutting down because these two
facilities are outdated I'm very proud
that we are going to build new ones
smaller I've reduced the juvenile
population by two-thirds here in
Virginia I've restored more voting
rights to returning citizens than any
governor in the history of the United
States of America these are the things I
focus on jobs jobs jobs treating
everybody with dignity and respect and
that's why I was so angry at
Charlottesville because these people
came in many of her part of state they
came armed they came to hurt our
citizens and they came to hurt our
reputation but you know what Jake we
came out of that stronger today the
Commonwealth of Virginia is stronger and
because of their actions we are a
stronger Commonwealth and I'm telling
the president the same thing let us use
this as an opportunity to unite to heal
to reconcile and become clearly a more
stronger country there's a term in
politics Sherman asked a Sherman ask
denial when somebody says you know if I
will definitely not be President I've
asked I will not serve exactly I think
you just gave the the antonym to Sherman
asked I think McAuliffe asked because
that sounded like an announcement speech
but I appreciate where you're coming
from governor thank you so much for
being here everybody's trying to get
their name in the paper to say they're
running for president I will be very
clear I am the one guy to everybody keep
your name out of the paper I'm not
telling anybody I am finishing up here
strong in the footsteps of many of our
great governors I just want to stand on
their shoulders and help people
