sir President Trump again attacked the
press last night trying to blame the
media for his own controversial comments
on Charlotte's bill as you are about to
hear for many of his most die-hard
supporters those attacks on the press
are making a lasting impression on
Monday I sat down with a group of Trump
voters from Florida Pennsylvania
Michigan Alabama and Georgia to get
their take and they have very strong
opinions about who was to blame for
violence in Charlottesville and where
they go to get their information how
many of you show of hands were troubled
by the president's response to the
violence in Charlottesville none of you
minded how President Trump responded no
yeah why did anything wrong with it I
mean he addressed a problem I mean let's
face reality there are problems on both
sides do you think that neo-nazis and
white supremacists are the same as those
who are protesting them I think it's
ridiculous to have me choose between
Hitler and Stalin which is what I
consider both groups are and why are the
people who turned out to protest Nazis
now I make sahlan to you the entire
group to me is totally a very stylish
kind of group ha
everyone have set fires and burn players
to the ground that doesn't sound like a
very peaceful group to me they did are
both the same evil they didn't use those
tactics in Charlottesville so do not
blame the government why do you blame
the governor or the government for a
white supremacist mowing down a crowd of
people and killing someone because they
didn't protect the people that day the
people who were marching with the signs
do you see them as neo-nazis and white
supremacists
I mean it hasn't been investigated so we
really don't know who was out there but
I'm telling you I've seen videos of
other people who were out there who were
not neo-nazis you believe that there
were very fine people protest I'll dude
how do you know that I'm only telling
you some videos that I've seen it but
what's the source of your videos where
you say Facebook and then when I tried
to repost those videos they wouldn't
allow me is it possible they're not
credible could be but like I said they
need to investigate and find out exactly
what was going on out there
vice did an investigation of the people
who went
there with a purpose to March for
neo-nazis so let me just play a clip so
blood and soil was a Nazi slogan and you
heard them saying Jews will not replace
us is it possible that very fine people
were in that crowd not an ecru so but
those where's those those crazy I don't
know what else to call them nycap I
can't say it on TV but they still have
the right to say those crazy things
that's the night before the clash happen
the anti-fog the protesters they didn't
show up Friday night they showed up
Saturday these protesters showed up the
second day they came there to do battle
with them they showed up with helmet
body armor clubs they showed up with
balloons filled with urine tests and
these guys showed up with automatic
weapon and meditative Virginia open
carry is legal you can walk down a carry
seems to me that you're getting these
guys a green light the why not why do
you seem more angry at anti-fur then at
the neo-nazis I'm not more angry it's
equal the media is not covering it
they're only focus on making neo-nazis
and white supremacist out to be Trump
supporters and they're the issue of the
problem the reality is of what Trump
said is there were two sides there are
two parties that participated he said
those trouble on both sides was there
not trouble on both sides and I saw best
on both sides I'm sure you've heard the
argument there was violence on both
sides of World War two also yeah we were
on the right side yes right side in the
wrong side no I'm not okay if there were
some people in Antipa okay but most of
them were students including CAD or
higher who was killed so why aren't you
got killed because they didn't protect
her who killed her um to be honest with
you I don't know because it hasn't been
investigated yet we haven't heard
anything with the suspect is like I
don't trust anything that the news media
serves anymore and the fact of the
matter is we haven't heard from this
young man
like when I first heard this to me
myself i'ma tell you what I some stuff
went to my mind I'm like maybe he had a
panic attack why are you giving him a
pass I'm not giving him a pass but the
wire you think that I why turning
premises 20 try to had a panic attack
how can you be a supremacist of anything
he's 20 years old he's being dead he's
going a roof we see all this with other
young white men there being aa premises
they're being led by devil I think we're
moving kind of further away from the
point of the view this conversation
should be what happened that day was a
tragedy and it should never have
happened to begin with no one here is
supporting the neo-nazis or the white
supremacist and that narrative is really
negative but what we are talking about
is president Trump's response and he
stood in front of America and he
condemned the violence that occurred
that day you're talking about three or
400 people in Charlottesville they
didn't do nothing
yeah they're 60 million people voted
them in president Trump why don't we get
us a those people aren't nothing y'all
Democrats have idiots Republicans have
idiots but we're talking about us the 60
million that for Trump we don't think
stuff like that why isn't it the easiest
thing in the world for the president to
say neo-nazis have no place in this
country shed whatever is right if I said
it was they didn't know mm doesn't
generally not a cynic it just happened I
think a great portion of it is a
conspiracy I think it was a setup come
home from home I think people who want
to derail our president and deal with
buses coming in with lots of young
people and protesters coming off the
same bus with some wearing black lives
matter and some wearing the KKK shirts
they were brought in to cause a
controversy right where are you getting
your evidence a lot of it on Facebook
you saw something on face yes yes yes
the protesters the anti five people had
an ad on Craigslist recruiting people
for $25 an hour to show up for the
protest in Charlottesville uh-huh it's
all over the place you can read the eye
and you try to Facebook more than news
organization oh yeah i video for people
who shot at our present yeah you trust
your Facebook feed even though you don't
know the origin or thought or the people
are
burns even though you can't tell me the
source of these videos I can pull the
model of the bases on a deeper level the
same video ok show me what you found on
your phone Oh video as we did it often
Sparky there are videos on YouTube that
are on Facebook there are videos that if
you just google Charlotte post-show
Virginia protesters videos they start
they all start popping up into the feed
okay somebody I also have a young man
who said that they saw these people the
six buses lined up someone that lives in
Sean's room that the six buses were
lined up and people were getting off the
bus with KKK shirts on it and BLM
services right what now name that water
may not sound credible message while it
may not sound credible to a lot of
people to us who don't trust the news
media and that could be very credible
