now this was not a normal week so this
is not a normal show president Trump's
actions and inactions in the wake of
Charlottesville are provoking some
uncomfortable conversations mostly off
the air for being honest in discussions
among friends and family and debates on
social media people are questioning the
president's fitness but these
conversations are happening in newsrooms
and TV studios as well usually after the
microphones are off or after the stories
are filed after the papers been put to
bed people's concerns and fears and
questions come out questions that often
feel out of bounds off-limits too hot
for TV questions like these is the
President of the United States a racist
is he suffering from some kind of
illness is he fit for office and if he's
unfit then what these are upsetting
polarizing questions that they're
uncomfortable to ask but we in the
national news media can't pretend like
our readers and viewers aren't already
asking they are asking this is how deep
the country's divide that's really
become my impression is that since
president Trump's inauguration there's
been a lot of a lot of tiptoeing going
on his actions have been described as
unpresidential as unhinged and sometimes
even crazy
now that word crazy can be interpreted
several different ways it gets said a
lot more in private than it gets set on
TV for instance this next soundbite was
never meant to be heard on TV at all
last month Republican senator Susan
Collins was overheard on a hot mic
saying that trumps handling of spending
was incredibly irresponsible Democratic
senator Jack Reed responded by saying he
thinks Trump is crazy I don't say that
you know lightly and it's a kind of
59 this week republican senator bob
Corker questioned the president
stability watch president has not yet is
not yet been able to demonstrate the
stability nor some of the confidence
that he needs to demonstrate in order to
be successful
now some democrats not surprisingly have
gone a lot further california Democrat
Zoe Lofgren asked if Trump has early
stage dementia she says she wants a
medical mental exam conducted another
California dem jackie speier called for
Trump's removal under the 25th amendment
and Al Gore said Trump should resign
we're also hearing this in some liberal
corners of the news media and the
entertainment world
you saw late night comics got very
furious this week Jimmy Kimmel made
jokes about making Trump a powerless
King but he meant what he said about
getting Trump out of office desperate
times call for desperate measures
and I'm asking you the people who
supported Donald Trump to step in and
help for the good of this country Mike
Pence is ready he's boring he's
relatively sane he looks like a neighbor
you might borrow a lawn mower from let's
get him in there before it's too late
let's make America Great Britain again
now if you've picked up their Sunday
paper you've seen that the papers are
filled with cries for change this is the
Los Angeles Times the liberal editorial
board they're saying enough is enough
Trump is quote a danger to the
Constitution a threat to our democratic
institutions now all this brings me back
to those questions that are tough to ask
out loud on national television is the
President of the United States suffering
from some sort of illness is he racist
is he fit to be commander in chief and
one more is it time for objective
journalists and I don't mean opinion
folks I mean down the middle journalists
to address these questions head-on and
if so how in the world should they do
that
