joining me now to talk about all of this
plus more Republican Governor of Ohio
John Kasich governor thanks for joining
us today what is your reaction to the
firing of Steve Bannon do you think it's
a positive or negative step for the
nation well Jake it lists that's up to
the president you know when the problem
you have is when you have chaos among
your staff staff in staff out new people
here new people there it's hard to get
anything done you have to be focused you
have to build a team and it has to be a
team that can argue including argue with
the president like my staff argues with
me is the governor but at the end of the
day we all row in the same direction and
we all have the same purpose
my concern is when you have that kind of
chaotic situation in terms of staff they
need to settle it down but the president
clearly has a right to have the people
that he wants around them the way that I
believe it works best is when you get
people with different points of view you
sit down you argue out issues carefully
and at the end you all come together and
if you're not going to go along with the
leader then you have to leave and so I
don't know what all the inner workings
are but they've got to get some
stability among the staff and I think
that's probably what general Kelley is
trying to do with so many changes here
in the last couple weeks but the changes
have to stop and we have to have a team
you can't keep putting new people in the
lineup and think you're going to win a
World Championship you called the
president's response to the violence in
charlottesville quote pathetic MIT
Romney says that he thinks President
Trump needs to actually apologize to the
nation acknowledged he was wrong in
order to avoid quote an unraveling of
our national fabric do you agree do you
think President Trump needs to apologize
I think I think Jake in some ways we're
looking backwards okay where I want to
look now is what are we going to do to
deal with the fundamental issues that we
have in the country the issue of race
the issue of police and community coming
together in developing policing methods
that can unify we've done it in Ohio the
need to reform a welfare system so
instead of just having people do make
work and a lot of people don't know this
if you're on welfare you get cash
assistance right now you have to work 30
hours a week people don't know that if
you don't work we take
awful welfare the point is is that
effort that those those that time you
have to be you have to put in to be
responsible needs to be meaningful we
got to get people to job training so
they're not stuck in poverty for
generations we need to think about what
we can do to make sure minorities have a
piece of the pie what we have to do in
our country to make sure that we begin
to discuss the difference between the
wealthiest and the poorest in our
country all these things if we can have
a dialogue on that that is what's going
to bring people together and people who
have very different points of view if
they have good will it's amazing how
many we can agree upon governor I think
one of the issues is that there are a
lot of people in the middle on the last
even on the right who are very troubled
because they believe president Trump has
difficulty condemning white supremacists
why do you think he does seem to have
this issue do you think he's concerned
about alienating bigots because they
might be a part of his base well look I
didn't see all of his reaction yesterday
to the rally in Boston which was very
uplifting the police were fantastic in
the way they handled it there were so
many protesters saying we reject hate
and my understanding is the president
came out and praised people praised the
police praised the fact that the
radicals were were really marginalized
and that those who marched for against
hate he praised so look I think it's all
Jake about people getting to him and
explaining to him we've got to bring the
country together and you know blaming
one side or another when we're talking
about the KKK or white supremacy there's
there's there is no comparison between
these hate groups and everybody else so
I feel positive about what he had to say
about Boston from what I understand in
the news reports President Trump is
scheduled to hold a campaign style rally
in Phoenix Arizona Tuesday the
Democratic mayor of Phoenix Phoenix has
expressed concern he says he hopes
president Trump postpones it in light of
all the recent events Glen thrush of the
New York Times tweeted quote lots of
nervousness in White House and in
Trump's broader circle about this trip
to Arizona do you have any concerns
about President Trump holding this rally
in twos
in Arizona Jake let me say just a couple
things look the president is our
president we want him to be successful
people around him have to get to him
including his own family to say okay you
need to show leadership you need to
bring the country together you're going
to go to Phoenix and make a speech fine
that's your right you can go there he's
got free speech just like the rest of us
have it but when you go try to use that
as an opportunity to say something
that's going to bring people together
you might recall when he delivered that
speech to the Congress the day after the
people on CNN said well tonight the
Donald Trump became president he has it
within him if he can maintain discipline
he hasn't within him I think to overcome
this and move forward because if all
we're doing is is questioning his
motives and what is what's in his heart
and the right and the left all we're
doing is fighting and yelling back and
forth Jake you are you're all asking the
question how does the country make it
with all this fighting this is
ridiculous at this point everybody in
America needs to take a deep breath and
think about your children and think
about our country we don't do well when
all we do is fight so let's all take a
deep breath and let's think about what
we can do to heal some of the basic
issues in this country which are still
out there that's why I'm going to go for
example to Appalachia a lot of people
poor they're not they're not minorities
they're look like you and me Jake the
fact is we got to get to the nub of why
people think they don't have opportunity
and we need to fix that because America
is the land of opportunity I'm sorry to
go on and on here but I just feel
strongly now that we got to just stop it
stop it now and figure out how to find
things that we can agree upon governor
according to a report this week sources
close to you are saying there's a
growing sense of quote moral imperative
for president Trump to face a primary
challenge in 2020 now I know you're not
going to announce any plans on my show
and you've made no plans but if
everything continues as it has been does
a Republican need to step forward to
challenge President Trump in three years
well Jake as you said I don't have any
plans to do anything like that I'm
rooting for him to get it together we
all are they were like seven months into
this presidency and you know look what
we have to start thinking about all of
us not just the president but down where
we live in the neighborhoods in the
communities we got to build a stronger
America look why am I on this show you
asked me to come on I'm trying to have a
responsible voice to call things out
when they need to be called out but also
to support my country so what I hope is
going to happen is I think we're going
to I hope we're going to have stability
the president is going to learn from
these episodes and we're going to do
better that's what I hope is going to
happen we'll have to wait and see
minutes ago defense secretary Madison
ounce that President Trump has made a
decision about what to do next in
Afghanistan though though we haven't
heard what the decision is this is what
you had to say about troop levels in
Afghanistan last year take a listen
I've now believed we need to get out of
Afghanistan hi were President I wouldn't
be announced in the timeline but I would
give the aircraft that the the Afghans
need and I'd get out of there there an
estimated eighty four hundred US troops
in Afghanistan do you think President
Trump should be planning a complete
withdrawal of US troops well I wouldn't
be in favor of him trying to add troops
here's the thing we've been there
sixteen years we went there primarily to
make sure that Afghanistan was not going
to be a launching pad into the United
States with terrorism we largely have
accomplished that but somehow we've
gotten ourselves involved in
nation-building trying to build a strong
central government in a country where
central governments don't work it's done
in a regional way my view would be no I
think we need to begin to leave there
and I think we can reserve the
opportunity to use intelligence to be
able to strike any of these training
camps any of these places where our
intelligence community begins to think
that they're now building a base in a
launching pad that would be harmful to
us and to our allies so continuing to
put more troops in is not the way I
think we should go I think we should
begin to leave and then I think we
should reserve the opportunity and the
right with the proper
basing of our forces in the region to be
able to strike if we think that there is
an effort being made to create another
launching pad but to just stay there
after 16 years I want our people to be
able to come home North Korea s I didn't
change my mind from a year ago Jethro
it's not nothing not a not a good gotcha
you stand by what you said North Korea
of course is three off threat in the
u.s. and South Korea ahead of tomorrow's
planned military drills between the u.s.
and South Korea North Korea calling them
reckless behavior driving the situation
into the uncontrollable phase of a
nuclear war these exercise of course
come after these weeks of growing
tensions in the region with North Korea
focusing on American targets such as
Guam and possibly Hawaii do you think
that the US should consider postponing
these drills not at this point I think
if they were like two weeks in the
future perhaps we could consider it but
when both general mattis and Tillerson
Tillerson the negotiators negotiated all
over the world have a sense that we have
to keep the pressure on I agree with
that I do I will give credit to
administration that has talked about how
important it is to protect the
continental United States and that we're
going to have every option on the table
and I think it's gotten the attention of
the Chinese a lot of people poopoo the
Chinese are not going to do anything let
me just tell you Jake if I were the
president I today's and we had a regime
like North Korea and they were able to
develop the technology to target the
United States of America we would have
no choice but to take those systems out
no choice and it would change the very
the very fabric of that peninsula and so
if the Chinese are worried about what's
going to happen in North Korea the best
way to get to have things happen that
they don't like is this just to sit back
and do nothing I think they're beginning
to put the heat on on that dictator over
there so at this point I think we've
continued with the exercises but we look
for a way to get some sort of a freeze
on that program of era by a viable
freeze and begin to think about how over
time we could have a more stable group
of people who run North Korea but you
you would not only not rule out but you
would enact a preemptive strike if North
Korea were proven to be
establishing and developing nuclear
capable ICBMs that could hit Unitas EU
yeah well I put it to you this way Jake
I wouldn't take a chance on a government
that unstable and a leader who's that
erratic to be able to have the
capability to launch and to land a
missile in Los Angeles and kill people
there yes I would reserve that right and
I would make it clear to the Chinese I
would send an envoy to see the Chinese
now and say there is a red line we are
not going to sit back and have our
people targeted by this regime and you
can do something about it and if you
don't do something about it you're going
to have to live with the results yes we
have to protect Americans before we
worry about anything else out here so
that so what can happen is the Koreans
can stop all their crazy testing and
then we can get to a point where we can
begin to talk about denuclearizing the
whole Peninsula there's a lot of things
we can talk about but it needs to be
made very clear to the Chinese this is
in your hands and you don't want to do
anything you're going to have to live
with the result because we are not going
to risk the lives of our people I do
want to ask you about health care the
Republican effort obviously to repeal
and replace Obamacare collapsed in the
Senate President Trump has threatened to
stop the subsidy payments to Obamacare
that help insurance companies pay family
a faster he made the August payment oh
that would be a disaster you think that
he should are you playing Linda sledge
played now he's got to continue to fund
it no you cannot just cut this off and
create more chaos look john hickenlooper
the governor of Colorado Democrat and I
are working together on a plan that can
stabilize those markets which we'd be
glad to present the people in the Senate
I'm hoping we're going to get an
agreement on it we're getting closer and
closer you've got to do this in a
bipartisan way and the thing you have to
do is stabilize those insurance markets
and if you want to you know take away
payments you're going to create chaos we
can't have that let's stabilize those
markets first let's not worry about
Medicaid at this point let's get to
Medicaid Social Security and Medicare in
terms of a package to deal with the
rising debt we have in this country and
do that in a responsible way there's
ways to get this stuff done
Jake believe me I've been there I saw us
reform well
I saw us balance the budget I saw us
reform the Pentagon we can do it if
people will just get off their political
soap boxes and begin to think about the
country because I got a message we all
get old and we all leave this planet so
we're going to be judged in many ways by
what we did when we were here stop
playing games it just doesn't make any
sense do something be bigger than
yourself live a life bigger than
yourself that's what we need to go in
Washington that's what we need to go
across the board in all of the United
States with business and sports and
religion across the board let's get our
act together and think bigger than
ourselves
all right inspirational words from
Governor John Kasich we always
appreciate being here sir thank you so
much thanks Jay
