hey guys it's Josie oh this is different
this is different we got our hair out
yes
alright so let's just get into this get
ready with me this is gonna be me doing
my hair I don't know if I'm gonna
actually have time to put makeup on I
kind of need to like be out the house
and 40 minutes my hair is washed and
this is as much as I dry it out before I
quarrel it down typically I chopped off
a lot of my hair in March I had a trim
because my ends were just dead oh that's
a gray hair you're getting with them
said on my head is still problematic and
I just don't have time to figure it out
look I'm not stressing myself out this
is what we can do the celebrity oh I got
hair thing I mean I have some I'm not
really pressed either way crazy to get
ready with me a ghost I use some hair
from Kaling hair that website babe curly
hair and I have a whole bundle left plus
some oh I have so we're gonna try and
slicked back our hair into a ponytail
it's been a while and we're gonna talk
about um you to black because that
happened a little over a week ago and it
was a great time this is why I don't
wear my hair out because I love to call
me I could sit here and just comb my
hair for like hours on it so what I'm
gonna do is I'm just going to do a loose
part and part this into two so that it's
easier to get my hair up into two pieces
because ain't nobody trying to play
themselves we've been here before and
it's always the center of my head
literally it's the center part that just
the most trouble so you to black this is
my second time going I went to the
inaugural one oh let's get into the
products that we're gonna use so I got
this blessed hands the styling gel and
then the superior edges so this is
totally an Instagram purchase we brought
this I feel a little weird slapping this
into my hair I just washed my hair
and I'm probably gonna have to wash my
hair once I decide to take the style
down if the style is a success
now I want to do a center part we have
to give some dimension because I have a
big head well girls I forgot how big my
head was underneath Woody's wigs that is
one thing you can definitely minimize a
side of your head put them lace friends
all right my second time going to
youtube black and I must say Kendra who
is the YouTube I'm gonna call her an
executive but she's probably more like a
director or a manager she is the one who
YouTube black is her brainchild she went
to Howard and is well I think she went
to MIT for her MBA - she's the one that
hit up YouTube and told them there was a
need for this and this has been the
third iteration with the second time as
being at Howard I did not go last year
because I was booked I was a little
upset though because I really wanted to
go the change from the first year to the
third year is amazing like it just feels
1 it was the last tummy white which I
did vlog about and I put the vlog in the
eye up above it came at such a good time
for me because I was going through a
lawsuit and at that point I was like I'm
gonna quit YouTube it's not worth it
whatever whatever the first one was in
LA and so there were a lot of like I
think I realized how many successful
YouTube channels there were that were
owned by black people that I had and
realized I'm it like before the first
YouTube block I had never heard of the
era and Ken or they were like dancing
youtubers and like The Cooking Channel's
and just like you know animate like all
the diversity that we exist in and kind
of house and like realizing how small my
world is and that like you know it just
gave me a lot of inspiration to keep
going and then I got to meet like aquila
that's when I met her and we definitely
have like a great friendship and I met
Quinto who I've been able to keep in
touch with from BuzzFeed it fostered a
lot of good relationships you know like
I think some of its natural hair girls
or those of us who came out of the
natural hair space have seen each other
kind of here and there but that was like
really the first time for us to all be
in a room together this is my first time
going to it being in DC and I really
feel like Kendra takes her time like and
they really
pay attention and they really take in
the feedback that we give them and they
really just it's really meant to be a
support for the Creator and I just feel
so privileged and honored that I got
invited and had a chance to attend and
you know I get excited again I entirely
understand why people will be frustrated
see this is the hard part
putting it because of like bulges right
away girl alright see we can get this we
had to stop talking for one minute
how weird focus is this if you know what
I want to do right away we all supposed
to put like the edges stuff away what
are we doing here looking crazy I
understand my people they're frustrated
that they didn't get invited and
honestly I don't have any tips for like
how just any youtuber can get invited
because it is an intimate event
basically you have to be in the YouTube
ecosystem I will say what I can say
about it overall and I'm not speaking
from an official place is that anytime
Google does anything they are very big
on reports like good needs to be
analytics there needs to be measurements
like they are an algorithm based company
so you have to be able to show an ROI
and I forget what the official term is
or whatever and they typically used
about like what does this investment
yield what's the net investment from
this I personally think part of what
gets us invited is like how much do we
collaborate how does this change the way
that we approach YouTube after like can
you see an uptick in like the way we
approach YouTube and then certain ones
of us are just gonna get invited because
we're the only ones in our silo and
there's really not anyone else doing
what we do you know like there's not a
lot of black trans youtubers there's not
a lot of people who talk about
african-american history consistently
from a historical and non anti non
hate-mongering sweet
non homophobic space shall we say elite
they definitely take into account how
much you collaborate and like and maybe
it's not even just collaboration on
camera because I don't really
collaborate with people a lot in videos
anymore but I am very much so a person
like if I meet you
and you know there's a way in which I
can help you I have no problem passing
off my contact I've been able to work
with like police a lot behind the scenes
and you know there's other youtubers in
my sphere who if I have a chance to put
on say good days getting put on is
YouTube those of us I get invited to
YouTube black is it a good
representation of youtube i don't know
cuz it's like you kind of get into this
space and you realize how many of us
there are oh girl
wait this is looking like wait wait we
slicked down we getting that like shiny
look I don't know this is like you
typically what takes the longest it's
just getting into this daggone
ponytail like dad why girl I definitely
think there's room for more people to be
represented at YouTube last but YouTube
is vast
I had the folly of thinking that's the
YouTube black space was small but after
the first one I was just like damn like
there's so much happening on YouTube
even within the black community that I
am just entirely unaware of I would
totally be frustrated though if I lived
in DC or just in general if I had never
if I after three years was not getting
invited to youtube black so I don't feel
anyone is wrong for being frustrated for
not being invited because girl I get it
but yeah it is just like one of them
things where I don't have the answer for
why people aren't why who does or who
doesn't but it's kind of hard so I think
they try to keep a balance they
definitely keep it a balance because
honestly if they wanted to do a YouTube
black of all like million million over
or half a million over subscribers they
could fill out a role you know I mean
like there were about 100 of us at this
most recent one and they could over have
100 over far over 100 channels this year
it feels like they definitely made more
of a push for to include more
international channels so like Natalie
Neary who has a huge channel from Brazil
and she's a creative for change so I've
met her several times and she's absolute
dog and then this guy who's in a Polish
YouTube channel he's in going
but he lives in Poland and : but he live
in Poland you know that right he was
there I think the channel he's on it's
called pokey or something it's like a
gaming on out girl you know they do a
good job about it not being all young
either because I think the younger
channels could totally take over and
also like people be saying they come in
and get they flights booked and then
don't show up and it's almost always
like the younger popular la base
youtubers and I feel like if it wasn't
LA again you would probably see more of
like the younger youtubers in general a
lot of youtubers are not good with email
either so there's that all right it's
like how much more do I want to stress
myself out about this ponytail this was
taking it back to like sixth grade you
know when my butterfly cliffs at gonna
have to just do for now
that's just to acknowledge that some
other youtubers were hopefully
frustrated about not being invited and I
think they had very valid frustrations
but I also think it was like a conscious
thing here goes to get through the
actual event like this they just did a
really good job at like the events and
like making sure this year cuz the first
year when I went there were a lot more
celebrity talks and the problem with the
celebrity talks is that celebrities will
get up there and like it's like okay
it's cool to me Wanda Sykes or whatever
but when you get up there you talk about
I don't even know how YouTube works it's
like alright we met them but what value
does this add to like what I'm doing you
kind of don't want to pin it down
because I don't want it to be let's just
put this doggone thing on my head okay
first I want to definitely call me out
cuz I want it to be this is their
malaysian curly hair that I made the
curly wig out of and I realized when I
had brushed the hair out that yo this
would be it like a good texture to do as
a ponytail so hopefully this is enough
did I mean to do with this hi see I'll
be I feel like I wanted a lower poem
let's just see how this goes and then if
we're not feeling it we can lower the
ponytail okay but to get back to the
YouTube black this year there were a lot
more creator talks like so I did one
about using your platform to talk about
social advocacy stuff like you know that
yes these bigger youtubers do have they
have the means and the absolutely should
talk about issues that impact the
communities or their audiences
communities and it doesn't have to be so
on the nose like they can do it mukbang
and talk about you know who you could do
a prank video and you know talk about
healthcare you can talk about what's
happening especially because some a lot
of these youtubers do live in the
southern United States where we see the
most sort of various political policy
that hurts the black community um and
then like Beyonce's manager spoke Steve
Ramone ival ended that chat with him you
know she probably chief any means there
was a panel with um a bunch of youtubers
who have created businesses out of their
YouTube channel and other styles very
insightful and definitely made you like
fit because you know I think there's
plenty to learn from youtubers who
exists in different spaces and it
doesn't and you know there's different
variations of success right like I might
not have the number success on YouTube I
might not even have like the engagement
success per se but Dan how are we gonna
hide this hyung he's twist so what are
we gonna do you definitely walked away
with a lot of information and there
weren't really a lot of outside people
include it I feel like the first one I
went to there were a lot more just like
people who were affiliated with YouTube
and black people that worked in the
Google ecosystem and this year it was
like craters and anyone who was like a
part like people that like our manager a
channel managers were there but largely
anyone who like worked with us I don't
know what I just did but I say that
every get ready with me I don't know
what I just did what I did something oh
even the hotel they did everything at
like we are beyond the food the music
like the whole experience they set up
was so thoughtful and I just really I'm
so happy I got to go kick it with Evelyn
you know I have my peoples there
Whitney natural 85 that's the homie Dave
and babe I
whoo I think it's so gorgeous
that girl is just so beautiful the hard
balance cuz you know you want to make
sure it's not all beauty gurus or all
prank channels which tend to be the most
popular you know the dark-skinned man's
like skin woman it's super popular on
YouTube and they definitely get home and
then you just want to do more content
you know if you want to be more active I
don't think it's cool how like the
different personalities on YouTube like
it's particularly amongst black women
like you know all of us don't
particularly like each other right like
we're not I don't think there's like a
whole lot of beefs that exist at least
with the ones of us that end up in the
room together the most often but
everyone doesn't need to be a fan nor
does everyone need to be friends with
each others and because you're a black
and a woman doesn't mean that like you
have to like one another but I think we
it's just it's really refreshing to like
be like even with the different
personalities even if we all don't
particularly like why would each other
like that that people still just we just
get along well like people know how to
keep it am a couple like they know how
to keep it friendly and it's cool I
loved so we did a lunch and because
human nature is to click up so people
will like the younger girls click up the
beauty gurus definitely click up they
did a lunch and they had people sit at
their table based on their sign and I
was so cute so I'm an Aries and some are
Ella's not a Aries but D friends with
the air in the air they want to sit by
herself
so some other side that I was able but
super Wella is so nice what's
his name Rome from dorm attainment
Cameron I think it's Cameron from dorm
attainment both of them and then I don't
even know what I did I really don't
because I don't think this is it I don't
think this is what I was going for does
not feel like we want it you know we
just won't go with that study cuz we
have a therapist of way man we need to
make it so Amy we already pay her and I
said was not cheap so I think this is
actually Italy you know way way we might
not be we might be
we might be cute we might have partisan
makeup I wish I was that you two black
could be more of like a VidCon like we
shoot event and you know what I'm at
VidCon because none of our audience is
there like black people do not go to
VidCon so if you do not have a white
audience you're not really gonna get
like your fan base and I wonder for
people with like these huge audiences
like Domo Wilson in Sierra and Ken and
what's the light-skinned girl a
Dominican girl named she looks you to
see my lobby for hairdos up there what I
ride there with that other piece really
helped I think I am watch enough
tutorials to do this correctly now we're
giving church lady tees well I'm always
going for the Deaconess since why are we
always doing it this is what I meant to
do kick this down I'm sorry I've been
looking at my mirror this whole time and
not looking at you what's up how was up
boo how he's doing you know look at it
like I got a dark-skinned boyfriend and
I'm making money doing pranks on you -
oh yeah queen and clarence popped up I
don't really
hmm no comment never mind even though I
think certain youtubers pay the show you
when we post about them saying I wish
that we could have like a VidCon type
thing because none of our audiences are
at VidCon so to do something like bigger
we're like the black audience the
various type of black audiences like
because obviously some people's audience
skews younger some of us do you know
more late 20s early 30s and just have a
space for like young like smaller black
YouTube channels like at VidCon they do
a whole creator track for like smaller
YouTube channels can get like training
and experience and kind of create a
community and collaborative and I just
feel like it doesn't play out the same
well you know what there are younger
black youtubers on the crater track a
comma they tend to be like
california-based and in either in like
the LGBTQ niche or in like the prank
niche
and I think there's just so many
different avenues that we as black
youtubers could are doing are doing and
can be doing on YouTube that it would be
great to have something that more
represents that in our unique nuances to
being on YouTube YouTube black and what
they're doing is a great start I don't
know how the first but I did was popping
and now this button is no it just is not
it's not hitting so we got an I don't
know what I did
we're gonna add a little brown where's
my proof yes do a quick brown if there
was like a comp based on the youtubers
that you guys watch on YouTube or I had
a makeup artist do my brows and she just
squiggle on and then like brushed them
out so I'm gonna try that let's see if
the how that works based on the
youtubers that you guys watch on YouTube
what type of conference are like event
do you think would be a ideal space for
you to meet or engage or whatever I
don't know based on the youtubers that
you watch like something more essence
Fest like is that we should be
represented at do we need like something
I don't mean I don't know have any of
y'all been to VidCon do y'all even have
any time of reference for how that event
is different from other events see
that's what she literally just scribbled
it on and then like flared it out how
high girl is that really all it takes is
that what you're supposed to do there
ain't give a little bit more color a
little bit more stache I don't know I
feel about the gel cause it's super
watery but the edges stuff definitely
like you see how like that shiny flick
back we always want I'm sure I could
probably do some baby hairs up in here
too if I had to time but I don't is
there a space that exists where we
should already be represented or as I
was asking before is there and I like
what would you envision would be an
ideal space to like engage with like
your favorite youtubers like what would
make it valuable to you I cuz I for some
reason I do feel like it's particularly
my audience that way yeah I don't really
want to meet people that you watch
you're kind of like yelling and
different to it need to take it or leave
it you ain't paying around $1 overtime
to meet somebody
cuz VidCon tickets do not be cheap and
it
yeah I'm California it's in Anaheim
California right across the street from
like Disneyland these kids be out here
you know these many and you age every
stars
Jojo see wha like the audience's be out
here and like going crazy like rabbit
and I just don't
pimple on my chin it's bothering me
because they hurt it's not even bother
me because I can see it it bothers me
cuz I like I can feel it and it hurts
well I'm giving you I play basketball
and a d1 Kyle it I'll give you that T's
when I was in college all the girls I
played basketball we're really nice all
right
ouch yeah we finished just like Daddy
I'm wondering if it would be worth
YouTube black to open
well they do the fan fest at YouTube
black they've done that for two years at
on Howard University but the fan fest is
definitely guilt geared towards a
younger crowd and I really don't even
know like money's just more wrong
sometimes growling wait we like panels
and empowerment brunches and stuff like
that yeah I want food and look at niggas
army Lennox that's what I might say
alright Lennox came up to me and was
like I love your YouTube channel and I
was like you love me you know why you
yeah I love your hair tutorial it's not
looking at her like are you sure you
have the right person are you sure it's
me because one I haven't posted a hair
story in forever
and two she has a much looser curl
patter than I do so I was just like but
she was like you know you you helped me
get my natural hair together and I'm
just like wow I'm a fan girl let's have
brunch let's hang out next time I'm in
New York
Becca glow gloss in Delilah let's see
how this plum will color turns out I
look like I'm 12
give it more say Martin jeez like do you
like my lips I love it this I'm loving
this but now it's just butter Oh cute
yeah yes and she can shake it shake it
shake it
this man is really cute even without the
hair tie I'm gonna keep the hair tight
when but giving aesthetic giving looks
stuff is dad on pimple my skin looks
great
alright thanks for watching as always
it's the key it's in time if you're new
here I hope you subscribe I hope you
thumbs up if you made it this far in the
video girl the thumbs up be helping and
we're gonna be pumping out a lot more
videos this month for sure I am so
backlogged on work girl
oh speaking of collaborating people at
least looking I mean I Mitch what's good
what's going on
can we get this done you right
let's get disease
