hey guys it's Josie I mean this is a
little bit close-up this is how I'll set
my get ready let me show me um I'll have
links down below on the hair my lease is
messed up I don't really care
let's get into this very late we're
putting up episode 7 & 8 reviews today
so I recorded seven oh you god I just
never got around to editing it but as I
said I did reviews with Panama Jackson a
very smart brother they were posted
every week without fail the conversation
over there is great and I really
appreciate the Panama who I don't feel
like was really a fan of this season but
he stuck it out and he wrote it out with
me let's get into this finale so overall
this episode I'm kind of on the fence
about like it felt like a mid season
episode length up like the peak the
story arc usually is like a curve right
like it Peaks up it Peaks down and I
know for this season it seemed like the
peak was the reappearance of Lawrence
but I really felt like this would have
been better suited for the middle of the
season and then it was like dad we
really got stuck on like Daniel is it a
point that they were trying to make that
like a lot of us were room for Daniel
because he's home quote find he look
good but then you started to get into
his character and he was just like want
a stand like him in that whole Nordic
beat storyline like what's gonna go
disappear the story it shot up like this
like it got the episodes not better but
like we were just dragging on with
Daniel and ISA we didn't really even get
into Molly's storyline every season
though thus far there's only been three
seasons but I feel like easy then thus
far the criticism at the end is that
we've all wanted to see more of Molly's
work interaction and I think part of
wanting to see more of mines work
interaction is that of all the
characters on this show Molly has grown
the lease much as I can criticize how
slow and scattered the season felt one I
was wrong as a spy thinking this whole
time that was already 30 but I guess
each has been going through her return
of Saturn and I guess that's why life is
suck so much for her this girl my return
of Saturn leaned into my 30th birthday
Oh harness hail it was training ISA
this season has definitely made some
wall for ISA major strides and grown and
as much as I would be inclined to
criticize
this show and I think my critiques are
valid I also do feel like I love that
it's securing a little mundane y'all had
y'all friends y'all swear Seinfeld was
funny ass but I never got it
and so the loopiness the scattered it's
all over the place I feel like if secure
gets to be like I'm about to call it
mediocre Wow
I mean but I still liked it though you
know what I mean like I'm not mad I
spent the season watching it or
reviewing it as far as the actual
episode all right this episode opened
with the Mac Miller song I don't know if
that was intentional or not since Mac
Miller recently I guess he overdosed I
think that was a Mac Miller song they
opened with I don't know if that was
intentional or not since Mac Miller they
recently passed away from a drug
overdose going on with the theme of
Nathan's return and just to get ahead of
it yes I think when Nathan was trying to
say was that he was going through
whether it was depression or something
more severe he was definitely going
through a mental health crisis so while
I'm I have empathy for that I find you
know I understand it I appreciate him
communicating that and coming back I
still think it was dead-ass wrong for
ghosts to ease it up how do we what
we're going through mental health crisis
is for those of us that have had like
anxiety attacks or severe depression I
mean I'm a very communicative personal
so yeah if someone is close but I'm not
telling acquaintances like I might dip
off from the person who I do happy hour
once every month from but I'm not
dipping off from people that I'm like
intimately close with you know like if
I'm going through something if my mom
knows hey like I'm just not in this
space now I don't want to talk my close
friends if they hit me up I might go a
day or two without hitting them back but
I'm not going a whole month just up and
disappearing like no people people they
care about you will up and file a police
report like you're missing I don't think
it's reasoning should suggest an ISA
needs to forgive him right away like he
definitely if he wants to be back to my
life he definitely used to prove it and
do some work but we getting way ahead
because I was there in an ether really
ain't one to be given relations
device Tamale but I do love their
relationship because I'm constantly
being like Issei the one that give no
advice mom didn't want to give no advice
but I think again as I always say we
know the same things with our homegirls
I like their chemistry with each other I
think obviously Yvonne and Esau are
friends in real life so that the way
that they work as playing Molly and ISA
that it really really is cohesive even
when they're kind of being really shitty
to each other and I've already able to
say that Molly's a shitty friend but I
mean you know I have this elitist take
about the fact that they have such a
large economic gap between them and so
hope to me is kind of like how do I do
this with my friends with my friends
that are significantly wealthier than me
I guess I would say yeah I get why he
will say that Molly ain't shit cuz when
my friends make jabs like that I just
make a mental check to not talk to them
about certain things in my life anymore
like ya won't be bringing that up again
says not confident happy they'll deeply
love people I can compartmentalize like
that though I don't have like in
everything all things best friends so I
guess sometimes a way that Molly and
even you said they take jabs at each
other doesn't bother me as much because
in my mind when I'm you when I really
get back to my friendships I don't have
a person that's like my best best friend
over everybody
but it was funny hearing ISA give
relationship advice about mending and
then Maile throughout the episode
constantly being like I'm not your
boyfriend and stop thinking I'm fitting
it really throw it out for your birthday
but that was a black ass that was a cute
ass black ass birthday party they had
going to see sho'nuff show that Oh note
the last right in there are a few black
guys movies you need to see The Wiz
being one the last dragon being another
I guess we're gonna say Friday coming to
America
Harlem Nights what are the black movies
do you think I like required viewing the
understand the call classics of all
history how do you feel about Lawrence
his daddy seen at first I was worried
about Lawrence his dad putting a battery
in his back like the heat really just
cause like I keep being worried that the
storyline is gonna go towards Issa and
Lawrence getting back because I don't
really understand the point of the
scenes like after the first couple of
scenes were like the interaction at the
baby shower and then him putting her on
to the class to help her
her product together than than going for
coffee I get that but all these other
interactions to show how well and how
amicable they are and how well they know
each other I'm kind of like what is this
leading to because like we get it but I
don't know that I need this interaction
because all it's telling me is that
y'all are potentially maybe it's y'all
doing this so it to throw us off so we
don't know what to expect
but I kind of don't really understand
why we're conscious eating in
interactions between ISA and Lawrence
because they seem kind of unnecessary
but um so I was worried when Lauren send
down his dad to talk up and his dad was
like you know y'all don't put work in
and that was kind of like the whole
issue between him and ISA was ISA
complaining about like you're not
putting effort into the relationship
anymore like you've checked out and I'm
carrying this bag instead of the egg he
was hitting up with canola is that her
name so that was interesting both ISA
meeting up with couldn't whatever her
name we'll call economy ease that mean
that what Connie to help her with her I
bet because she was really she really
enjoying her on the viewing she did in
the graveyard all sorts of growth about
ISA taking the lead ISA being proactive
ISA building relationship I really hope
that her dating Laurens or just going on
a date with Lawrence doesn't interfere
and I guess Lawrence took his daddy's
advice and you know let go some of his
you know and not being bothered I mean
especially if you're in your thirties
dating I don't know I think maybe that's
a la like like LA New York thing we're
like you're not used to encountering
people who have been divorced but since
moving to the south I kind of like let
go the shock of meeting people who are
my age 33 and who have been married and
divorced I mean cuz most of my friends
back in New York are in their 30s and
just now like settling down and getting
married versus you know everywhere else
people do get married in their 20s and
their mid 20s it was very plausible for
someone to get married 25 26 and be
divorced by thirty like it and it really
doesn't really mean a whole lot it's not
like she's walking around with 7-eleven
kids so there is day
ESA's growth you know she not only the
ISA follow up with Connie but she did
the meet up without having to have a job
interview with the beat crew because she
clearly really admired them like what
was that episode three or four where her
and Freda were at the job fair and so
for her to be proactive with that cycle
Texas we see you when you unpack a yell
furniture you have all that furnitures
black stuff you ain't need to have me
having them raising this which is my
favorite candy tube sitting on top of
them des moines core warm boxes but she
finally got her home together we see you
you know I hope this episode though the
globe was rigged with them outfits it
was looking real cute the outfits and
the hair was like slinging the hell I
was like sense about the snatches we
fought and do my room hair okay this is
what everyone was gonna talk about Molly
cock-blocking Mason Neil Howie how do
you feel about that because I think
Molly was very right and kind of wrong
in telling that grown-ass man who was
trying to reappear after I'm on the
disappearance to see his grown ass
situation ship with ISA knowing how ISA
acts knowing how ISA was feeling like a
crackhead on 125th Street coming up with
some k2 I get it Miley knows ISA really
well Miley was tasked with making sure
cuz all you someone do for her birthday
would be happy and so as a friend she
took that seriously and I guess she also
was prepared to take that L in how wrong
she was for not giving ISA as an adult
the chance to do better and be better
and make her own decisions but look if I
spent all day getting your party
together I would be hella pissed how and
I guess you will be like was not about
she was her day let her do what she want
but like come on as a friend do you
really let your friend go back to where
they were just that way if Nathan has
showed up at the beginning of the day
with them pick Lily's what I were to cut
flowers them was to ESA's house and
is it a speech with a bunch of idioms
and no non complete sentences he said we
had to say without ever really saying it
I guess
he still would have been moping the
whole damn day and even with the point
of conversation the whole day and I
think it was better that ISA had a
chance to have fun to really feel good
about herself to get out and really
celebrate her being 30 her
accomplishments getting her home
together well she got home together
after but that she could have time for
herself and we celebrate herself without
any negativity so that when Nathan does
appear he doesn't throw her whole day
off or he doesn't throw her whole week
off because I wouldn't even been a day
situation like sis was really about the
things you business trash she would he
drove 45 minutes at his main house
rolled up in his house without lag
brother no okay so when we get to the
picnic I'm all over the place girl
whatever we know this is not a
point-by-point review in a show we know
we just be talking about everything so
just get witty Miley rolling up on Jared
first of all the homophobia really
jumped at the biphobia the whatever
phobia really jumped out and Miley
trying to think she was right or Molly
being so assertive about like Molly's
always needs to feel right to it's a
thing you know I think that's why she
tired tends to take blows so hard
because she is always seeking validation
from the outside world for the choices
that she makes it I get it because we
all do it in some way shape or form but
Molly's remaking it she just don't be
progressing from it that'd be like
dances really so clearly
shared progressed in season one with her
by homophobia about Jared who admitted
to having an encounter with a dude once
and not doing it again and so now she
assumed that his brother is his
boyfriend but I also think that I think
that insecure is very very conscious of
colorism and making no from that
light-skinned wavy baby hair burger and
grouted
day was shot up front was his mane and
she was like not light-skinned love I
got options nigga to Jerry and his
brother both being up like fit on the
lighter side of things I'm both having
chocolatey fine girlfriends
take that Molly blue blue P was wrong as
much as I would say that I don't need
anymore of Issa and Lawrence's
interaction together one I'm no longer
upset that he's back because if it means
more Chad Chad is so wack and hilarious
Chad my favorite light-skinned housecat
check out his fiancee bag Chad really
does love whatever her name in icy
telling his homeboy to put oil in his
dry ass and she hair
he love his fiancee even if he wants to
do sit to have her hair game is to have
her Network he loves her because he's
willing to do whatever he didn't do to
get her bag I'm just calculating cuz I
think he was he does love her even
though he lit he titty fuck some
strippers but it was like it was in the
titties not in you know I mean like when
I was taking it back probably not
special I don't think let's can get I
don't date like him in any way but Chad
cracks me I'm just always so happy to
see chain I guess for all we can say
about Molly and her non-growing s and
her fun color blocking outfits her work
outfits be swinging um I did appreciate
that she showed some vulnerability
because that's what she's been having
the hardest time with in calling and
genuinely apologizing the Andrew Asian
whoo Andrew Asian genuinely apologize I
really think she really expressed some
true vulnerability and that is know that
might broke
hope that character comes back next
season because Andrew he's just swagged
out he got enough confidence he stands
his ground he don't back down like he
just has the right sort of then they
said quoi for money you know kind of
tell her in a very nice and charming way
to sit down and shut up okay
you know and Molly has enough melanin
that she could still have black babies
with him so you know I'm not mad at but
avoiding it I think that's all I had
when this up was so okay so I totally
forgot to talk about Torian and Molly's
job and that ending scene I guess where
I'm at with that is I I get it
Molly put herself in that position I
think Maya's gonna take some
responsibility for where her over a
competitiveness
got hurt but that scene just felt so
unrealistic because what law firm is
going to one Lao a junior lawyer to take
off from being a lead
account to go put three lawyers on one
account like that's not how you collect
billable hours like that doesn't make
sense either form the partners allowing
it either from a lawyer wanting to do
that to themselves and it's everyone in
that law firm not shit like as much as
we could say well damn Molly did that
shit to herself like who are these other
black women to both know that Torian
ain't shit to understand that Molly's
knew maybe she is just learning and then
be willing all because one time she
partnered with him that they all need to
stab her in the back like it's all just
very petty but you know I keep saying I
want to see more of Molly at work so I
guess we're gonna take it but it was
just very unrealistic to me and I just
think Toria is a haul ass bitch
like he bitch me he's an asshole he's
rude and I'm really disgusted that these
two other black women lawyers would
partner with him in order to spite
someone who in the grand scheme of
things was her misstep even that big nun
I think for next season what we need to
see Kelly needs to have a sexy it was
Kelly and Quantrill Kelly whomever you
get Kelly to do a sexy or Natasha
Rothwell need to stay in an interview
that she all won't be bucking naked for
HBO sex scenes is why we not get you
know you know big beautiful black women
sex scenes on you see summer I don't
need longer than 30 minutes
there's no commercials so I'm not even
bothered so much that it's not it's only
30 minutes I think it could afford to be
an hour shorter just want the story line
to be a bit more congruent we weren't
really going anywhere at the beginning
of the season and then we kind of hit
episode but was that 5 or 6 where
Lawrence reappears that we really hit a
stride and then we end up pitting up all
these storylines that we that don't
aren't wrapped up in the season finale
like this did not feel like a season
finale
lose there's a lot of questions there is
what's gonna happen between between
Tiffany and Kelly right and that Kelly
rightfully feels it's not by Tiffany how
is Stephanie gonna handle that
relationship even though it's noted that
Tiffany asked Kelly to be the guy mom
like okay but where's that gonna go we
didn't get no
season with Tiffany husband whatever
whatever his name is isn't even in a
baby day
is he a tray Oh oh who are you really
who is he really fucking is what we want
to know I guess we got ISA ISA and
Nathan then we have Molly and Andrew I
don't really understand what direction
Lawrence is going in like we had that
one episode with church where his
warrants gonna find himself at I mean I
guess the only storyline that rap that
was Chad Chad lost a fiancee guys fiance
back boo boo black we got butternut Oh
what happened to season I guess ISA was
just a regular ass nigga coming of age
and blank row for row for row it might
have been a little uneventful and that's
how most of our lives go I guess we'll
see where season 4 goes I hope you
enjoyed these reviews I would say I'm
sorry I'm late but girl I'm about
unpacked
I don't have my apartment in a month and
I'm hella happy about that you got
question about the hair it'll be down
below in the description box and I hope
you in the comments you'd like to give
me your father of you on the season let
me know what your thoughts was how would
you and in two or three sentences don't
don't be writing ho essays now I mean
you can if you want to I might not read
it though but give me your overall
critique in this season and I will catch
you later do this
