hello Jose it is time for another pops
night we talk about everything from the
low brow to the high brow as long as you
know eyebrows on fleek and today I am
dressed like a proper white woman with a
slight twist of appropriation don't wait
and get this more urban outfitters this
with anthropology because I'm rich and
just like a proper white woman I went
down on some Mexicans and I got me a
margarita and walked out that bitch like
it's not illegal to have open container
alcohol clean clean clean clean play and
it's time another pop star you know in
2016 I fell off the bandwagon I think I
only did about six well only about six
pop snarks so we're gonna get it
together in 2017 because there is much
to talk about now Trump as our 45th
president see the best way you can be in
2017 as a white woman who was blissfully
ignorant unaware of the world around to
2017 he's gone you won't see a real
political historical jewel deep it's all
right get ready get your pens your
papers out we will learn some things
this year
first up Beyonce interviewed her lil
sister Solange in Interview magazine she
interviewed into the about cute
I'm Solange is just so insightful and so
thoughtful and just a deep thinker when
it comes to the music the way she puts
together her music there was she was
singer the visuals on any project she
does and so it's a really good really
good insight into like where cranes in
the sky came from and different elements
of their album she also talks about miss
Tina and her influence and why here's a
mother on the album how their mother
hasn't fluence them and that's a really
big deal because they are the first
sisters to have two number-one albums on
the same year both black has plant
albums so miss Tina has to be looking
out and be so proud and then following
it up the New York Times I believe
yesterday or a few days ago publish an
interview or a write-up of sorts on Miss
Tina and it's also another good read an
insightful on how Tina Knowles of Austin
went through the fire and came out will
have fine hubby who she's always posting
about on Instagram many confirmations
have been happening all week and this is
probably reason why I've had such a hard
time thinking anything that's happening
in the pop culture context because I
have been watching all of the Senate
confirmations and I will be doing a
follow-up video this week about how you
can call your senators and press them
about their
boating especially republican senators
voting for people who are entirely
unqualified to serve in the departments
and they are nominated for there's Rex
Tillerson who is nominated for Secretary
of State he's a former Exxon CEO then
there's Tom Price who hates women hates
gays and wants to take away your birth
control your rights to any reproductive
rights how's this it's never black and
white cut down in the middle there's
always a whole lot of other implications
and think so think about that and he's
nominated to secretary of human health
services I believe that it's HHS then
there is Betsy DeVos who's nominated as
Department of Education and I'm going to
do a whole video breaking this down
because I already named checked her lot
of folks skipped over that in my Christa
at Michelle's cancel video at Emory I
believe is his name is it Maria Murphy
from Connecticut he asked her how she
feels about having guns in schools if
they have a place and she said because
there are Grizzlies somewhere in
Wisconsin Minnesota somewhere that they
have a right to have the guns in the
school now the senator who asked that
question is senator from Connecticut
what happened in Connecticut Sandy Hook
we go have to call our senators and I
know this is like whole nother video
Steve Harvey met with Trump now I put up
my last video as well Christmas at
Mattel being canceled and in the video I
say I'm consistent my record is public
check it I also understand on people
don't realize that I write for the route
calm I've written an article about is it
ever appropriate for black folks to meet
with Trump I will link it down below and
cook the I above to go read it and girl
Steve Harvey big hairs on my momma like
I feel like I brought up Steve Harvey
before and I've posted stuff about Steve
Harvey on my Facebook page and people
just camp out for him so hard but
besides the harmful rhetoric that he
pushes around black women and our dating
lives to decide his own faddish ways I
mean Marjorie got some nice outfits but
I'm not here for Steve Harvey ever never
he wrong what like Trump is just using
him to parade people around for a photo
op I've said this ad nauseam plenty of
times I'm not here for it I'm so through
and long story short I probably could do
a whole other video on this but there is
no place
for lay people as in regular black folk
and celebrity who have no experience in
public policy and politics there is no
reason for them to go meet with Trump
when he's still not meeting with black
politicians when he's not willing to sit
down to talk to John Lewis when he
doesn't have time to hear what the black
Congress people aside from Tim Skye and
Ben Carson and has he even really gave
time to Tim Scott come on says look
you're not really gonna try to check me
one thing as a wealthy white woman is
I'd be at my County means when I have a
problem young black who then try to come
to my school district girl top
inauguration okay so I'm writing
reference to Chrisette Michelle thing
let's just get it out the way she's
canceled ah but I don't care he went for
her ku I think it's fair to say that my
critique of Chris FET was harsh with
that actually but other than that I'm
just kind of like at no point in time am
I ever going to accept align myself
cosign the sort of bigotry populism
fascism white nationalism that Donald
Trump embodies and is promoting into the
executive branch of our government and
then he's just so flagrant first getting
a baker to recreate the exact same cake
that was done for Obama's inauguration
having the first White House press
conference be about the false news
around the attendance of his
inauguration like the pictures don't lie
it was just life people like if it
doesn't really matter if it's false news
you know when they go low we go is it is
it just gonna be anybody go low we just
gonna be in low season is that what this
is right now you got time look I'm like
about to stop paying taxes over the next
four years because first of all my money
is not going to housing Melania and
Baron in New York look says you signed
up for this you figured at his shop
Trump don't cost us a whole lot of money
the fact that he got to elect his
son-in-law to a White House position
even though they turned down Barack
Obama from a nominating his brother and
sister-in-law to White House positions
they turned down Ronald Reagan I'm just
kind of mind-blowing the flagrancy of
the precedent that's being broken whoa
watch whiteness work so the women's
March appointee people acted I talk
about this my opinion of the women's
March is summed up in one
picture here we go Richard Spencer
y'all know we're just friends aria so
Richard Spencer he's kind of guy who
brought back the alt-right movement the
white nationalists these white boys that
think the world revolves around them and
low-key you know it might at this point
who them do we know girl what's
happening he is just anti-semitic racist
society mistake
flagrant getting write-ups in magazines
making the face of racism and white
nationalism look like seductive and
appealing and if somebody wanted to give
me an interview somewhere in DC somebody
came up and punched him right in the
face so people who talk about the Nazi
punch to be thinking about her girl I
don't look I'm a human I've conjured
myself I don't really believe in
violence but look on concerning violence
what France paid on say that I thought
that was the most satisfying video did
you guys like that being Mary Jane is
back on and I thought about reviewing it
I'm actually doing the weekly reviews
for the route calm so we're up to
episode three which comes on on Tuesday
and I've been thinking about maybe doing
video reviews but I don't want to become
a TV reviewer but I haven't committed to
writing for the route it's kind of an
easy video for me to do so I might hop
on it this week now that I've gotten
into the flow of writing the reviews I
was feeling a little insecure about like
how good my reviews are please read them
comment right now my opinion on being
Mary Jane is that Mary Jane is fat girl
whoa of world politics so the gambia has
been in the news this week y'all even
know what the Gambia is it's on the
western coast of Africa it is part of
West Africa it's one of the smaller
nations in Africa so they've had a
dictator since like 92 94 Yahya jamia I
believe is the name to Mae Aziz his last
name and somehow someway there was
actually a democratic election that
happened last year
he lost and at first he said he was
willing to concede his presidency to the
winner of the election then he called it
like
but there was voter fraud then he back
checking his words and then eco wash got
involved and so eco wise I don't
remember what the acronym stands for but
it's basically like a union of all the
West African nation eco wives got
involved and basically said they would
support the newly elected president and
putting pressure on the dictator
Xiaomei to set down which is unusual
considering that there are quite a few
dictators who get to be a part of the
African Union and have not been put as
much pressure on to succeed to
democratic elections um like Mugabe both
African Union and the Eco wash stepped
up put pressure I believe Hanuman Mihama
the President of Ghana the former
president not nana Otto and then Buhari
both went to meet with him and then the
new president his name I really don't
remember it was inaugurated in Senegal
and Jermaine got an airplane yesterday
and left the country and so now there's
a new president that was elected by the
people in the NBA but they're doing way
better in their democracy than we are
right now as a matter of fact there's
been quite a few elections on the
continent of Africa that have been going
much better than whatever we're doing
over here after Eddie long passed away
you know I wasn't well YouTube when all
this broke about him molesting young men
in his church if I was ever ever looking
to be a successful scammer I would get
into the business of religion because
literally if I am Italy talked about my
belief in God on earth and post some
pretty pictures on Instagram almost all
my sins can be forgiven now I do not
believe in have I ever celebrated
anybody's death that's kind of what I
have to hmm he passed away from colon
cancer but I don't necessarily feel
comfortable with this idea of saying
that guy decided you have to pay for
your actions by giving you cancer
because that then what does I say about
everyone else who is inflicted with
cancer you know how are we to decide
what God's intentions are I hope that I
have never invoked
myself as the voice of God keke palmer
and trey songz apparently has some sort
of falling out now I would have never
looked this trey songz video if I had a
C sub from keke palmer on instagram but
there is this new song and it's talking
about like pussy and its list I saw it's
not my cup of tea I listen to it I don't
know I'm too old for this stuff girl no
um but I watched a video because keke
talked about it so so one of these young
fellows with the messy hairdo is in the
video and one of his lines is a Palmer
pussy like hehe or something and then
there's like a clip of kiki on her phone
but a woman or a man a human being says
no there no means no I don't care if she
was on snapchat looking like she was
having a good time if she said she did
not want to be recorded it don't matter
how good of a time she had I could be
having a good time and not want the
video of it to go nowhere especially not
in the video in the line of talk about
palm in his vagina that is it for this
week's pop star this is my
great-grandmother's mean girl
it's full-length giving it to you giving
it to you
regal did I miss anything comment down
below as always pops mark is an
interactive moment clink-clink-clink
on that let me know what you were
drinking and I'll see you sometime soon
you
