I'm yesterday it was the last day we got
to live through Barack Obama as our
sitting president of the United States
more importantly and more saddening is
that yesterday was the last day Michelle
Obama was V and our First Lady of the
United States past few weeks there's
been a ton of discussion about the
legacy of Barack Obama most notably his
interview with tiny seacoast for the
Atlantic cover story my president was
black where Obama discusses his black
identity how he chose to fall into it as
an interracial child who grew up with
his white mother and grandparents in
Hawaii and how that differs from the
choice Michelle never had about her
blackness and therein lies one of the
more significant aspects of the past
eight years that Michelle Livan Robinson
Obama was and is a pharaoh down to the
bone black woman it Brock's wife had
been an unlived number two he would not
have been our 44th president her relaxer
that suppressed is late and Slade to the
god but we've seen that high school
graduation pic to know that she
understands the blessings and the
detangle and blues of tight for Naturals
she's not a silky baby hair down my eyes
or whatever features skew on the
spectrum towards European is that we so
often see in our first where colorism
has allowed a privilege for some
Michelle rising up from the South Side
of Chicago
stands at the opposing end and for the
past eight years we've gleaned
inspiration from Michelle Obama being
the first lady of the most powerful
nation in the free world living in a
house that slaves built and standing
next to a man that holds so much sway
over the entire world as he looks into
her eyes
dazzling sparkling remember when yo
auntie's told you the best relationship
is to find a man that loves you more
than you love o same shady katraine but
weekend her outfits were yes is worthy
her hair have there
by her eyebrows it takes is still taken
has to have all of us a moment to get
there and she got there transforming
into fleetness beyond just the visual
Michelle is educated with a bachelor's
from Princeton and a JD from Harvard
she was career focused and Barack met
her when he was her intern and she went
on to make quite a bit more money than
him while being a mom to two beautiful
girls there's so many things to take
from this as black women are constantly
talked down and about being submissive
compromising not focusing too much on
your career like we are incapable of
balancing career love and family
Michelle in the White House has been an
act of grace she's had the switch turned
on for the eight years that Coast which
we turn on when were the only brown face
and the sea of white but she doesn't get
to leave this at five o'clock and there
was no cubicle for her to hide in or
headphones for her to throw on and black
everyone else out you know how are we
doing often she wasn't a spotlight
giving us the blessings of seeing black
love black music black family and black
joy scandal-free in the White House
black parents have been able to get
their children interested in politics
and community because they woke up every
morning to an image of themselves in the
White House not an image that was
beleaguered or downtrodden but one of
poise and strength Michelle brought us
my White House campaign for fitness with
Beyonce advocated for the education of
girls around the world was a driving
force in every Barack Obama election
then stepped on the trail for Hillary
she made a sacrifice for her husband to
ascend the presidency putting herself
into a role that took her out of
corporate leadership and into an unpaid
role that required great discipline on
this day after tomorrow as we have
watched the grace walk out why the mommy
no food is moving in behind her because
Melania real life ain't no check for the
first lady and she didn't marry a man
twenty four years older than her looks
like a half melted orange sickle to do
work for free but again on this day
after tomorrow here's my thank you
to Michelle Obama for standing beside
and backing up in love
Barack for being an inspiration to so
many young black girls who are
constantly told that they are to this
that or whatever to be great for putting
up with heightened criticism standing
tall and firming your greatness for that
indignant striking turn your head to
cast as you read it Melania deeply felt
but every black woman in this nation you
know that feeling of holding it together
for the greater good and thank you for
giving us all access to a piece of your
magic for the free I and I believe we we
all love you Thank You Michelle
