hey guys it's Josie and I'm back with a
much requested video for my smart brown
girl huh yeah so I oftentimes get a ton
of requests about doing like sort of a
walk like how to become woke book list I
kind of hint at or address my absolute
disapproval of the homophobic
misogynistic anti black woman rhetoric
that has found such a safe space in the
black community and more specifically
has now been paraded around and packaged
as though it's part of a empowerment or
history lesson on the black people at
large I want to give you a whole speech
about the problems with how easily we
accept homophobia but that's another
video too now the truth is film tends to
travel so much further than books
because it's easier to digest and truth
be told there are not a lot of films
that aptly packaged the kind of history
that you would need to learn because of
that my first suggestion is honestly
especially for black women if we have an
interest in our history a lot of that
can come from reading fiction based
books by black women authors density
fiction because a lot of black women in
order to get published and be taken
seriously and to be seen as people of
value in the literary world had to
fashion their work into fiction because
it would not be accepted any otherwise
your biggest thing here is no matter
what I suggest what really helps you is
to employ critical thinking it is not
just we read things and take it as fact
it is that we read things and we think
about them in context of context of what
world this person was living in when
they wrote it what world are they
constructing in their writings and how
this applied to the world that I
currently live in a film that I can
suggest is inserting violence there's a
documentary from the writings of Franz
fanon specifically the wretched of the
earth it is a book that I would
recommend but I honestly don't foresee
people who haven't read any other book
on any sort of history read
his books because he was a native French
speaker I believe is from Martinique and
French language when translated to
English is very long-winded it gets a
little repetitive it's not necessarily
an easy read so I think concerning
violence is a really great way to absorb
the more important aspects of that book
also is like a film that hints at the
erasure of black women in a lot of these
discussions interview chunks from Thomas
Sankara who was president of burkina
faso before the CIA kills them the fight
for independence in Malawi and the
woman's role in that fight when you read
these things that you have a critical
interest and then you're like oh okay
this is interesting let me look up this
person let me Google you know I don't
necessarily think Wikipedia is that bad
of a source but the thing is you don't
just read Wikipedia and then claim to
have knowledge on things Wikipedia and
in order to keep a certain level of
ethics requires like patients are needed
and so a lot of the citations are to
actual news clippings and books and
films that are of merit that you can
click through to and if you can't find
it on the internet you can go to your
local library and then you just keep
digging right so like for me I read bell
hooks Communion and I was like okay I
may be a feminist yes yes yes yes yes
then I go and I start reading like I
read sister outsider by Audrey Lorde or
I read when the chicken has come to
roost and then I just really came into
my own identity of who I wanted to be as
a person and I had to realize that some
of the stuff that I'm reading I didn't
really agree with I just didn't know
anything I was really into Marcus
Gardner when I was in high school then I
started to read into what became of for
fiction as I said with black women
Zora Neale Hurston reader I constantly
reference Dorinda Hearst and anytime I
talk about books to read because she
really speaks to the southern black
person even the colloquialisms that Zora
Neale Hurston uses in her writings in
the way that she writes it gives
intellect and pride to a community that
would often for the longest times we as
black people turned our noses up to bell
hooks even though I don't necessarily
agree with her bell hooks I believe
reading her because she is so pharoah in
backing up her opinion no matter how
wrong I think she is it forces you to
really think about and therefore
articulate why
you don't agree with her and it really
helps you to shape your identity as a
woman whether it is a as a black woman
who wants to love hip-hop or a black
woman who wants to love black men you
know it really forces you to really kind
of articulate and be able to stand
strong in your identity however you
shape your black woman is the study over
all of us history now I took AP US
history in high school so if you're in
high school college or any sort of
schooling seeking out certain classes
and employing your critical thinking and
kind of you know demanding that a
certain amount of knowledge but when I
was taking AP English I did a lot of
African American literature because I
really went to focus on my African
American heritage thank god Oprah had
that book club cuz I don't know why over
book club I don't know if I could have
got away with just reading Toni Morrison
for all of eleventh grade and then in US
history because I had read these books
that talk about the civil rights
movement in and they were fiction but
they hid it on all these notes in Gloria
Naylor
in James Baldwin's or in the hearse and
and Toni Morrison in Maya Angelou that I
could then take that critical thinking
and we are talking about manifest
destiny and we were talking about the
resettlement of Native Americans or we
are talking about civil rights or
slavery and the necessary evil as it's
taught in class I that I could employ
critical thinking to think a little
deeper and those subjects and do my own
research at the time when we're still
using Netscape global wasn't even around
when I was a senior in high school but
not relying this daily on the curriculum
of the teacher to just be how you
learned it is that you have a vested
interest in these things and you are
pursuing your knowledge the more
everyday side I would suggest following
certain writers some of them like
Jamelle Bouie also have tiny letters or
email lists that they send out weekly
he's really good at tying in this all
sorts of historical facts and to
everything that's happening in today and
and then from there you will learn about
different people who are in that space
who are doing the work watch their
interviews everyone does TED Talks they
all do kimberl√© crenshaw
bunch of videos on YouTube and she's
giving different talks about different
aspects of intersection between
blackness and womanhood and
locations on a larger scale both in the
political structure in the everyday
livelihood in all these things that kind
of level into our lives there have been
any that you have enjoyed that have
helped you espanol knowledge comment
down below in the description box but
please just remember it's not just that
simply that one film is problematic it
is not just that black men can be
misogynistic black women definitely play
some role in upholding that structure
and be conscious of how much we are
trained to accept something that's
always telling us that black women age
like to see where this content be sure
to become a patron and support smart
brown girl in 2017
you
