hey guys it's Judy and I'm probably
somewhere in Cuba walking around by
absolutely ridiculous with this crown
headband on because I plan on completely
over doing it but while I'm away I
didn't want to abandon you guys and I
said I was going to this video earlier
in the year so now I'm getting around to
it about weaving my MCN or multi-channel
Network now MCM we're like the thing
that first onto the YouTube scene maybe
five years ago how's it been for god
networks like sign to contracts and they
would take a certain amount of your
Adsense and they were supposedly
supposed to help you like bolster up
your revenue and like makes lots of
money and get more sponsors and
opportunities and the only people that I
have really seen benefit from networks
white people racially ambiguous well
everyone else
I recently ended my contract with the
platform or a makers studio and this was
my second network that I was fine too
and it just absolutely I know when I
started them I was so excited I was so
happy like the first year into the
relationship and then nothing happened
like literally there was just no
progress it was really frustrating
because I thought I had a very candid
conversation with them about my concerns
with lack of diversity with how black
women specifically were being treated on
YouTube because before makers I was on
an alchemy and alchemy literally have
like all the top natural hair vloggers
except for maybe no actually they had
her too they had all the top natural
hair bloggers when the network thing
first started and didn't do anything
nothing and then I signed it maker which
is like this big powerhouse video I put
all Sony in the beautycon and all these
other events and there's other notable
youtubers cited them and I'm having
really like
front candid conversations like look
this is what the continual excuses
Bennet we talked about what the plan
should look like what the growth what
the support should look like and they
were like yeah we're gonna have all
these things great here's the kind of
track of and I bring some of my other
friends over to maker and it was just
another squandered opportunity now I did
do like the they did something on the
platform what does it call that define
your beauty we did that but that came
after I said like a really aggressive
email to the executives that maker like
what the eff is going on and then they
turn around and the offer is to find
their beauty as a spark Academy where I
did that video but even that like the
video was the production quality was
great it was a co opportunity to just
see how production like that goes but
the content of the video like they
constantly are pushing you to do stuff
targeted at teenagers and I'm like I'm a
grown woman like I'm 31 I'm not trying
to talk like I'm 14 and 15 years old I
mention it Gummy's sometimes going to
Starbucks not happening then it was
constantly conversation about well can
you produce video hoes like shameless
Maya and wait you're telling me that I
have to go realize someone's so specific
and who like just that I don't even
think like do you understand the level
of like what she's doing stuff so then
there was like a Tyler Oakley then you
know what are these other Mel landless
youtubers who are not putting in the
same production value but you are
supporting them are you telling all the
Asian girls to be like hey Claire hmm
and so the reason I left the network
this year sort of last I forgot that
it's on my termination notices 60 days
before the end of my contract what was I
doing girls after I let that day pass I
put a calendar reminder for a year out
in my first year I was really happy
because I was just happy that someone
had a candid conversation with me
like we did a photoshoot I got invited
to New York Fashion Week and then
nothing materialized like I've never
seen the pictures on the photoshoot I do
not understand having all these black
women signed to the platform and you
can't do anything for essence festival
but you have all the stuff happening
with beautycon like I was really on
their case hard about the fact that you
don't even have to build out all the
strategy about how to market to black
women we do have events that are
built-in that all these companies that
you are working with Verizon coca-cola
for they all have african-american
marketing silos targeted specifically at
black women they all buy in at large
truth like things like essence festival
or weed or black girls rob and you're
just not you just die in the window
every day you're taking 20% and the only
really really good thing that I could
see at this point what staying with them
was that our videos are being played on
like Spotify and ruku Network I did get
a payout that was a couple thousand
dollars I took that payout and I
upgraded my camera and lens but it only
looks cute because I'm getting it in a
lump sum so it feels like a much higher
volume than what it really would be if I
was getting paid out over the month I
get rid of them taking 20% of my check
and then also my CPM so I've gone up
well true that is because it's also
December so CBS had just gone up in
general YouTube on their part is making
a bit more of an effort to engage their
content creators they did you to black
this year I want the YouTube women's of
it I've been working with the Google
policy team which was a really really
good look and I've been very very vocal
even with YouTube and Google about the
need for support because Isis in a silo
we're like we're leaving people are
finding different avenues to produce
their content that is way more fruitful
it reaches a broader audience
and they're getting more opportunity
from that so I don't know how many black
women who talk about cultural and
lifestyle issues are still staying on
YouTube consistently and not downsizing
the amount of content by large chunks
that they do I would try the podcast
thing that probably been the biggest
disappointment of 2016 and low-key want
to do a video about the disappointment
of 2016 but I also don't want to wallow
in sorrow if I actually want life to get
better don't I have to like project
gratitude girl trying so going forward
in 2017 do you need a network No
