hey guys is jewel Z and let's get right
into how do I feel about living in
Dallas this is a question that I get a
ton mostly because people have watched
my owls living in Houston video and then
my DC living video has gone viral and
still gets a ton of comments til this
sale people are mostly interested in how
does Dallas compare it to Houston now I
did both my DC and use the video after
living in both of those cities around a
year and I've only been in Dallas since
March
so coming right around the nine-month
mark my opinion thus far on Dallas is
that my favorite part of Dallas is the
airport to be honest I have absolutely
positively not devoted much if any time
in the community and building
relationships it's just been a very
tumultuous year and I've been dealing
with a whole lot and currently in my
current state I'm spent like a hundred
percent and I think a lot of what I
experienced in Houston has impacted my
desire to like get out and try to meet
people in Dallas in that I mean I'm
honestly I've been having rough years
for like the past four or five years of
my life the universe is like conspiring
against me it just wants to waste all my
time but on the social front in Houston
I did make a very honest effort to try
and build relationships to try and make
friends and I realized that one I don't
really want no friends not that I don't
want new friends are not open to new
friends but that I don't want to have to
go through the of like learning
whether a person's trustworthy or not of
opening yourself up of the dramatics I
don't want to have to go through the
building expectation space I just don't
want to go through the word of the
friendship because in Houston I avail
myself to certain people and that's how
I got the story time I did in Gemini
video it was such a high level of like
soap opera level drama where I had
people that like because I'm youtuber
and because this is what I do full-time
people that didn't have anything better
to do with their time and I think that's
been the consistent theme people that
have nothing better to do with their
time than to try and manipulate
situations with me to turn it into a
soap opera
I literally keep just picking myself up
and walking away the last situation
where somebody posted my address on the
Internet and I just had I was getting
like harassed it's it's a lot for me to
now think that I'm gonna go back into
that space where I'm trying to build
relationships I actually don't want to
try you know if it happens it happens
if it doesn't it doesn't travel quite a
bit more this year as well so I
literally was at the airport pretty
often I live in downtown Dallas I like
my apartment a lot I've started to
decorate though I haven't finished my
apartments kind of a mess which is why
you always see this little bit of frame
where if I win it out when you further
hmm for the most part I like the
location I do like that Dallas has a
light rail it's pretty accessible as
long as you're staying in the Dallas
area or going to the airport hanging out
where the black people live here aside
from going to like the wings day stuff
uh black folks don't really hang out in
downtown Dallas I don't see black people
too often which would probably be my
biggest complaint about Dallas is it is
very white the black people all live in
like the suburbs of Dallas like
Carrollton Addison Plano Denton like
deadening Denton is not close like why
why do you live there why even the black
neighborhoods that are in Dallas proper
they're not very densely populated so
lack of having a car makes the accessing
the black community a little bit more
difficult the one thing I will say in
the comparison between Dallas and
Houston I don't miss Houston but I will
say Houston definitely has better food
hands down there really is no contest
every time I go out to eat I'm just like
I don't want a burger a lot of white
owned restaurants so it's a lot of new
American style hamburgers pizza Italian
food options and I really missed the
seafood selection like shell Shack is
not girl know and there's like deep
sushis I could walk to me from my house
and I'm also like you know it's kill but
it's not it's not loaded seafood like
let me get my loud
I would drive back to Houston just for
my loud pad you know the tacos are good
I guess you know tacos are my favorite
food tacos that Josie calm is my email
Buhl city is trash I don't know what
people taste buds is on but I have found
some lady sent tacos in the area but
that's pretty much it the food selection
in Dallas isn't bad it's just not as
expansive or as eclectic or as ethnic
that's the only thing I missed no
overall from the little bit that I have
hung out that if I did put some effort
into socializing and having a more
outwardly positive aura about myself
it's just been easier and I don't know
if that's because cagey lifestyles it
lives here and so she's really involved
in Dallas and so you know I've met
people through her but I have seen more
of like the over 28 crowd that's growing
and not into a super Club type buy
versus in Houston a lot of people that I
knew either were young or really really
into the club scene or really really
into the church scene now we are still
in Texas if you want to meet people it
is still the gym Church Urban League
here's a little bit more popular than
the Houston chapter of Urban League and
group meets and I have honestly enjoyed
the times that I have put a true genuine
effort into having a good time and my
friends come to visit and they all have
loved it so now I know people are gonna
ask me they're thinking about moving can
I give them some tips is it a good idea
so they move to Dallas or Houston
depending on what they're into and to be
honest I have absolutely no tips or
specific to you moving from one city to
another if I could possibly do a video
on tips about moving to a new city
moving in the ability to navigate and
wash in a city really depends on so many
things that are so personal to be
individual that in order for you to know
whether or not you want to move you need
to go visit um you need to reach out to
people who are working in the same
environments
and same career fields and have the same
interests and the same age group and the
same religion and the same type of
lifestyle as you do and don't
necessarily ask them if you would be if
it would be a good move for you you I
got kids I work on myself I'm fine like
imma be fine
wherever I go let me know your comments
down below have you lived in Texas what
city in Texas is your favorite and if
you visited both Dallas and Houston
which one do you think is better and
what's your reason why alright talk at
you later Happy New Year's
