hey guys it's Josie and it's time for
another pop snark we talk about
everything from the low brow to the high
brow as long as your eyebrows are on
blink are you ready do you have to drag
your hand can we do it quickly quickly
clay grapefruit juice and peach Grand
Marnier
I feel a little bad about this being my
last pop snark last month I was
traveling so much and still trying to
get videos out that I ended up only
doing videos on the HBO Easter a series
insecure which is totally worth the
watch but I didn't realize that because
people didn't watch the show they didn't
watch my reviews and so they felt like I
hadn't put a video out and leg girl
maybe six seven weeks that I recently
put out two videos I did one that's
watching my aar piece but actually
please go watch that video so you could
just do it doula sister ha so I did a
video about smart brown girl gift ideas
today is Sunday
if you ain't got your gift by Tuesday
girl what are you doing with your life
and my gift ideas are popping Tunisia
have that Amazon Prime of course I shot
it out the smart brown girl stay blessed
and unbothered brand yes and I have a
coupon code available so we now have a
male specific t-shirt you couldn't grab
yours too and also anything that's
printed on a crewneck sweatshirt is
unisex alright first but let's talk
about some of the sadder things that are
happening around the Bell everyone has
heard this talk about Aleppo I will post
links to some write us if you're
interested in like learning more about
the situation Bashar al-assad who has
been president since around 2000 against
rebel guerrilla organizations this
sounds so antiquated to say but Syria is
positioned in a very critical spot when
we're in 2016 means there's a long
history a very complicated politics has
made me very kind of hesitant to suggest
to blindly or blanketly question how the
politics are playing out in this region
Obama the thing that he wanted to be
remember for with regards to foreign
policy was going to be the
peace deal that John Kerry Secretary of
State negotiated around last year that
the Republicans have been getting a
headache about and Iran is a neighboring
country to Syria Iran is also in a very
critical position and Obama also
inherited a country that was in the
midst of a very financially wasteful war
with Afghanistan and Iraq when Bashar
Assad is bombing his own people what is
America is supposed to do if we could
sit here and allow a man that looks like
a fuzzy cheeto to be elected as
president based off a campaigning off
but lies around Isis and Obama who we
want the u.s. to go with an arm the
rebels like I don't know on top of it
Russia so Russia has their hands and
just about everything they could have
their hands in there is a power strip
when we talk about the Russian hacking
situation where they've hacked in and
influenced our election in order to help
Trump win which I wholeheartedly believe
is true and girl I don't I'm trying not
to depress myself so I'm trying like I
see about I don't be trying to absorb it
there's a whole history lesson behind
the Republicans the Cold War Russia why
this whole situation is just cycle what
oh it is a Libra let me tell you libras
like to get revenge they are part of the
zodiac mafia they are like the dawn the
leaders the Godfather's of the petty-ass
were vengeful that will get revenge
zodiac so I mean that's my cutie Kiki
hey girl let's like lighten this up take
a sit picking up the Atlantic Chinese
two coats who you know I love dearly did
a long read entitled my president was
black I believe it's like a five chapter
right up it takes like 45 minutes to
read it's not that long but he he does
choppers and I think it's important to
note the chapter titles because they are
title after different influences that do
matter to African American pop culture
like Marvin Gaye songs Coates did a
follow-up interview with Charlie Rose
that is really good and kind of
explaining his opinion on Obama after
doing that right up for the Atlanta a
lot of times when I hear what has Obama
done for black people I don't
necessarily believe that that really
comes down to the policy the has or has
not enacted and it has my
to do with the I illogical aspect of
Obama and his standing up and
articulating being for the black people
and cults definitely hits on that
throughout several points in the article
that addresses kind of the ideological
race issue with Obama and that Obama
grew up outside of the mainland United
States in Hawaii with white parents and
white grandparents born to a Kenyan
father
so his entrance into the black identity
and the way he describes it it's much
more of a choice than it was a forceful
kind of reckoning realizing that you are
black and therefore other and the salt
that happens to your body in that moment
Obama kind of explains it like the black
coolness which was it was such an
interesting take
Obama's entryway into his blackness is
quite different from Michelle's entrance
into blackness
so what's just interesting girl read it
so we can keep you talk about it in
January get your bags okay okay y'all
ready for the Patti Kanye West met with
Donald Trump now Kanye West something's
going on with Kanye right and I really
haven't talked much about it because I
feel like mental health is something
that I want to be very delicate and how
I refer to and a lot of the language and
kind of verbage that gets thrown at
Kanye or about Kanye around his mental
health I feel like has negative
implications to the people who have
found a way to deal with what we
consider to be severe mental health
issues like schizophrenia bipolar
multiple personality disorder they have
found healthy ways and gotten the help
they needed to become productive members
of society where unless they tell us we
quite frankly would never know I have
really fun information and how to talk
about Kanye I do feel like he needs some
sort of mental health care I just don't
feel like he's in a good environment one
being around the Kardashians but you
know what kind I went to visit Trump
Trump is out here speaking with the
blacks who have nothing really to do
with the black community at large he's
always getting a press opportunity and
something sweet about and media
headlines that will distract from the
more serious things that are going on
like who visa pointing to the Department
of Energy or who you trying to point as
Secretary of State and these much
heavier harder topics that Americans
just are so what we read about it and we
sell over it because it's just stressful
and then it's much easier to sit and
digest and Kiki and criticize Kai a
meeting with him but I feel like kaya is
absolutely in the wrong Kanye is still
holding on to when he said George Bush
doesn't care about black people that's
like the last thing Kanye did for the
black community since then it has been a
continual progression of slights against
a black community whether it's like
empowering Vanessa Beecroft that artist
to feel like she can be black because
she's working with Kanye and not
checking her on her BS or selling the
Confederate flag on his concert tour
apparel the languaging in his model
calls and people constantly fall back on
Kanye being a genius and a creative but
at no point do we hold them accountable
then we have Trevor Noah
and Charlemagne with Tommy Lorenz now
I'm gonna keep this real quick because I
honestly feel like anyway the sports
time and the rent should be canceled
point-blank period you don't need to
have my support you go without me
Charlemagne getting on Twitter talk
about there need to be a black or Latino
woman who does what time he does it's
time ignoring the structure that
entirely erase a narrative of black
women and uplift and amplify the
narrative of women who look like Tommy
Tommy ain't smart I don't even think
Tommy believes a half that should she be
talked about I don't even think Tommy
could sit here and articulate and have a
real debate with you about the ideals of
the Republican Party state writes about
fiscally conservative government about
about a constructive belief in the
Constitution she can't do none of that
she's really gonna always lay on the
sword and the black lives matter
it was like they KKK she's gonna be anti
black anti-democrat anti Hillary Clinton
regardless of how much it disadvantage
what the Republican Party actually
stands for she is about peak whitening
why are you giving her a platform why
are you amplifying her into the homes of
people that would have never clicked on
the blades would have never watched her
Facebook page she only gone viral cuz
she a cute blonde girl she not even
your button without weird taste Trevor
Noah's trash to me anywhere I'm like I'm
glad you did this so we can finally
cancel him cuz are you watching the
daily show who put the risers shot me in
the Breakfast Club
Charlamagne been problematic I'm over it
cancel him - but will you cancel him go
watch the interview that the breakfast
clubs in with Jamila lamu and amber
Phillips I think they handled it barely
learning some things here's some things
absorb some things grout a laid it down
proper it in kids what that means go out
last night
get ready watch me a movie on the TVs
and sit home turn the heat up cuz it was
cold and doubts girls and then everyone
on Twitter was popping off about black
shirt huh so how do you follow the
Kardashians on social media except why
do you follow him on snapchat but she
ain't post this is like October since
she got like hemmed up and that
kidnapping you know Tommy Lorenz
I actually think time is limited
following this strategy of Kris Jenner
and the general Kardashian clan in using
this negative obsession with someone
high in their social currency and that
now you're paying attention to her now
she could make headlines I'll show you
this big following on Twitter on
Instagram on Facebook whether you're
following her I don't hate and how
stupid can you be
or because you do agree with her you're
still following her she still has the
numbers when I'm asked you to go watch
my sponsored content that AARP video it
doesn't matter whether you like it or
not honestly it matter is that I can go
and say you know this many people watch
that video that hike is my social
currency people I can sit here and do
clickbait negative you have all the hate
in the world but people are watching me
people are amplifying me people are
sharing and say look how dumb she is go
watch her go tell her about herself
that's making me valuable and it's been
done over I mean what is kindly what is
Chloe what is Kim isn't nene leakes what
is it Omarosa
you know what is it Tiffany Pollard this
is what people do and just because we
stick a conservative Republican stamp on
it and make it sound like they're
talking about politics when they really
don't know what they talk about and we
can tell Ellen what they talk about same
damn thing so it provides to the blac
Chyna and Rob Kardashian
I don't even know what to believe Rob
Kardashian was on snapchats nothing
about how blac Chyna and I moved out the
8 million dollar house that he bought
for them even though when blac chyna got
with them supposedly she was with Khloe
girl I don't know I've never watched a
day of Keeping Up with the Kardashians
I'm hearing this ish on Twitter and I
did read um Sylvia Oh bells article on
BuzzFeed which kind of broke down how
blac Chyna had followed the Kardashian
strategy to inculcate herself into that
Kardashian name and be able to up her
social currency it's a really actually
fascinating and good read well-rounded
snapchat and then showing the house and
stuff I'm late
how did like where was he when blac
Chyna was moving out like the house is
immaculate like she apparently not only
woved out she took all the foods all the
furnitures and vacuumed what have you
ever ever ever
it aches against the negro up and left
his house and a pretend to vacuum rob is
a Pisces they'd be living in their own
reality as conspiracy theories China
dating that live in a house say never
live in a house wasn't even a crumb in
the pantry
how she took your favorite chips how she
took all the open food items and ain't
no crumbs in there girl
ain't nothing and he was building a
vacuum lines in the deck like come on
says China moved out the house but
somebody somehow hacks into her iPhone
packed into her Instagram and it's
posted all these screenshots of text
conversations claiming her debut gold
digger this table narrative again single
black moms about her using Rob and quite
frankly I don't really see how she use
Rob if anything it's from it snapchat
it's clear Rob is going through
something and he needs some sort of help
and blac chyna at the very minimum left
to procure the safety of herself and her
children they both use each other like
their TV show comes on tonight they out
here promote in like four hours before
all this popped off the last Instagram
post from both of them was watch our TV
show tonight about the birth of our
daughter dream like come on Kris Jenner
strategy you want ho out you I might not
like how you do it but I appreciate the
hustle girl here we are consumed social
courage because it is so crazy you want
to talk about it you know I was trying
to write an article about why I don't
need to talk about racist based off of I
don't mean I don't even agree with
Trevor Noah or Charlemagne in the least
and cause like we need to boycott Tommy
Lauren and I wrote a heart article about
her dumb and I'm like I'm saying we talk
about ignore her and I wrote 600 words
about her if you are looking for some
good music
tons of good music has dropped in the
past two weeks I have us into the Jay
whole album yet but I've heard it's
great but Donald Glover you know I
actually have a mixed review on this
album but since most of y'all don't know
what Maggie brains is we're not really
gonna get into it I think it's worth a
listen it's good I really enjoy the
Funkadelic type vibe from the album so
if you're looking for something new to
listen to cop that Donald Glover
childish gambino and then we could just
have a Kiki about it in 2017 thanks for
watching get your stay blessed I'll buy
that shirt that's why 17
you
