hey guys it's Julie it is Christmas
Kwanzaa Hanukkah season now I myself do
not celebrate the holidays however I
love to give gifts and it is a season of
giving everyone kind of gets in the mood
even if they don't necessarily make the
past days of night tips on buying gifts
for these smart brown girl first up
books if you're gonna give books I would
suggest gifting more than one my smart
brown girl book pack gives suggestion
will be these three well they're really
there before but the fourth one I don't
have a physical copy it I have it on my
phone and my audibles account first up
is citizen by Claudia Rankine I have
this on the audible efile and it read
like poetry and I went to be able to
reference the book later on so I went
and actually got the physical copy of
this after listening to it on ebooks
absolutely love this book
obviously I self-published a book send
it on is a collection of short stories
based on the evolution of a young lady
coming into her womanhood it's a reprint
of the book I am judging you by levy I
actually also have this on my audibles
account I did listen to the e-book I
actually love it it's hilarious
I think she's a very talented writer in
general but I'm at the google event they
were giving away free copies and the
last one which is on my audible spot
count 2 is awkward black girl if you are
a fan of either the series aqua black
are on YouTube or her HBO original
series insecure the book is a great read
but that would be my smart brown girl
book pack I'll have a link down below in
the description box to all the books I
just mentioned if you have someone who's
more philosophical trying to get whoa
anthologies that happen to cover black
American writers from starting time
periods look for anthologies that
typically include writers like links
than you
Zora Neale Hurston Phyllis Wheatley
suggest this for anybody from like the
age of 10 on up I was a pretty advanced
reader intense
I love both of my parents so take my
advice loosely course I got applaud the
smart brown girl shirts yes rocking the
crewneck I actually have on a size small
I see its kind of people ordering the
crew necks in the shop this isn't the
exact cut of crew neck that we print on
but it is similar and cut now don't take
my exact word from it because all sales
are final so it does behoove you to
please check the sizing chart all the
sizes listed on there are very very very
accurate also have the dad hats so I've
been having my hair raised I haven't
been promoting these as much I have
these in all different colors black the
black which is my faith the grey the
right away the pink I mean I guess but
you know I thought I thought about them
other girls it has adjustable straps so
you can really really get this pretty
tight on the back of your daughter has
hair a little girl can definitely fit
into these caps and then we have crop
tops crew necks and onesies on the smart
brown girl shops you can get like a
whole pack sets family make it a robe
they get another great gift is the head
wrap so women I have on is from CeCe's
closet this is one actually comes with
like a choker set super cute I've
received and paid for wraps from the
wrap life I absolutely love their
product you just support a black woman
owned business and rocket in style I
have a big thing y'all know I love me a
good rap who is this save the bad hair
day like today I have on the misconduct
I love it typically in my videos as of
late I have been wearing girl gang by
Smashbox pending on the lip liner that I
put underneath it changes it from like a
more pink to a more purple to a more
deep fuchsia color that both of those
colors will do well across skin tones
both you know the beige ones and the
deeper darker skin tones you're looking
to find something more budget-friendly
the NYX liquid suede matte lipsticks are
a great buy these two there's not a
third one they come in a set that you
can buy Alta and the next store both
have it the great thing of Alta has
coupons
$5.00 off coupons work on the sets the
sets I believe was at $15 was a $20
Agora no I had a $5 or 50% off coupon I
believe this is set number three but
I'll have the exact and phone
description box down below would
recommend setting these with powder so
they do not smear you know you get a
more inexpensive lip-syncing I don't
lose a little bit more were sentimental
thoughtful gifts or sponsoring somebody
in your life and paying for their
passport but if you have a young lady or
a mature lady in your life who has not
for whatever reasons had the opportunity
to tribal usually the first hurdle is
the passport helping them to enter into
exploring the world the passport will
open up so much you even if it's just
going to Canada or Mexico I fell for
somebody who is traveling they have some
cute - luggage now you can get some some
good good good luggage that is not cheap
so I'm trying to stay budget-friendly
here if you got the coin get them that
good luggage set girl go ahead get them
that to me yeah sell me some too me too
I love Nicole Miller suitcases you can
buy them at TJ Maxx Marshalls Ross any
of the kind of discount department
stores okay so here's my Nicole Miller
bag that American Airlines could have
been all whole into and I'm waiting for
them to reimburse me or replace it
whatever this is the book bet the whole
other bag that I had and it has we
loaded it also had a little handle that
you can pull out this is just a perfect
perfect perfect perfect carry alright
that's it for my gift list if you have
any suggestions for great awesome gifts
that are also budget-friendly leave them
down in a comment below and do remember
whether you celebrate Christmas Kwanzaa
Friendship Day anniversaries birthdays
if you're just giving a gift because you
want to show somebody that you care it
is not about the material value of a
gift it is about the thought and the
sentiment and the integrity behind the
gift so good intentions always go a long
ways
stay smart stay beautiful thumbs up if
you enjoyed this video join this
question down below and all the links
will be description box
you
