hey guys is Jules e and we are finally I
know I'm so late and getting up this
review of insecure finale episode follow
me on snapchat I've just been keeping up
with the reviews in general you know
that I was in Thailand for two weeks I
got practice from Thailand last Tuesday
jetlag has been real I really on top of
it did not want to put up another video
with poor video quality because my TVR I
went kaput and I've been using my like
vlogging camera and since my last two of
you videos I'm like rewatched and I'm
just like oh I just look so bad the
gallium really carry on it's like oh you
wish so let's get to the actual review
everybody has been talking about the
show on my timeline on Twitter on
Facebook I got had to log off social
media until I could watch the show on
Tuesday it's so beautiful to see so much
conversation with such strong opinions
on this show it really speaks to the
merit of Easter raise work and what
insecure just means to see young black
folks on TV and us being able to write
our own shows all I'm strong opinions it
is a great show and it's been so
enjoyable to watch and it's absolutely
been great to see all these guys who are
like super hardcore team Lauren's and
they really came in for a character that
they so strongly identify with that was
written by a black woman by black women
feminist
so remember that we all got reposted and
be as articles talked about black women
feminism is destroying the black
community try again Sam I just wanna go
character by character because that is
the easiest way to not get lost to sauce
everyone really enjoys about the show is
that every character on the show you can
relate to either some fashion up in
yourself or there's somebody in real
life who you know you look oh my gosh
exactly like this like I've been talking
with my friends like who do I know
that's like Molly the funny thing is I
went to college what you've on and the
one person that I know
like exactly like my we went to college
with us it was actually in your eyes
class
uh I'm not inferring that she's pulling
reference from her but it just had
Marlee for all her thought ish for all
her calls when it comes to her emotional
sexual wanting to be in a relationship
self she's a really great career woman
and a great great great but she really
is a good friend to ISA
so to see them kind of you know go
through being mad at each other which is
real and then in the end Molly really
coming through for ISA in a time of need
not just driving her home as a job of a
button because she needs to go see her
begin so you know the role-playing
getting it together being realistic with
her about how Lawrence might respond to
ISA it's just interesting to see her be
able to come through so well emotionally
as a friend even though she really can't
come through emotionally for herself
might luster call me to remind me that I
do that I was lying she was right I do
have a friend who is very similar to
Molly but we don't actually talk that
often like we're friends and what we get
together is great but where I wouldn't
even I mean I would say we're close
friends just off the shirt that I'm not
friends with a lot of people the point
where I know for a fact she lies to me
about her dating life largely because
she's dating my homeboys and they always
come through and tell me the truth um so
I just don't even question her and her
motives anymore because I realized that
I'm just not gonna agree with it and I
can't be that sympathy pillow for her
because she constantly makes the same
mistakes I do have a friend like east I
have a really close friend who reminds
me so much of ISA
love I'm out of her and my same advice -
- in mine this is same advice I give to
my homegirl in real life you have all
these like complicated thoughts in your
head and you have a very different way
about how to connecting the emotional
dots are you articulating are you
telling the person this that you're that
you want to reciprocate your emotions
are you telling this to them blatantly
are you articulating it in ways that
they will understand not necessarily mad
at how either Lawrence or ISA have
reacted in this situation I feel like
they both have been are human and
they're having very human responses ISA
shut up at Lawrence's job Tommy
it was okay you know you doing the mo
you are doing the mouth but kids I
wouldn't do it the whole were you really
thinking like I need to hold on to this
and I need to do every last thing I can
do to get this person back in my life oh
shut up a day job with a care package
it's not the worst idea
everyone wants to talk about Lawrence
and Tasha at first let's actually just
talk about Lawrence for a second I don't
think Lawrence is as great of a guy as
people are inclined to make him out to
be I know when one of my last reviews I
was like he's been employed for five
years I think the accurate number is
somewhere around 4 G's I was like well
he's been cashed out unemployment checks
and coming from an executive role you
know they I mean
unemployment checks it's never really
like you like the severance package
might have been cute but the actual
unemployment check er glossing over so
quickly they forgot her birthday while
he was on the couch all day unemployed
and gonna go on eat bowls of cereal
watching the hodgetwins have never
watched a hog - his video jockey you
understand what it is like have your
boyfriend forget your birthday and I
want to say watch hodgetwins video like
think about that it's not just he forgot
her birthday that one day it is
symptomatic of where their relationship
had gone over a course of a couple years
and I don't think Lawrence is wrong for
reacting the way here
did loki i really want to go through all
the astrological signs of everybody on
the show because i think it's obvious
ESA's of capricorn i'ma say Molly's like
a Taurus and I'm pretty sure I feel like
Lawrence is like a cancer cancer the
capricorns actually go well in dating
but like he just gave me some water sign
asked reactions to find out his girl
cheated on him because he is such a SAP
he is the R&B nigga and he really does
have shitty ass friends like Molly is
 at her personal life but she is
a good friend even Kelly and Tiffany I
can't stand but Kelly you know seems to
be decent friends to ISA as well but
Louis his friends don't seem to really
care about him like they don't really
seem to have a true compassion for the
well being they're not really
considerate of who he is as a person
and supporting the better parts of him
and their way of helping him get over is
to take it to the strip club and then
kind of knowing that he is not going to
respond really well in that environment
because they know who the guy is like
they totally know him but they don't
care to cater to the actual being you
know he wasn't been to waste 400 hours
on those titties and so he um the last
thing we see him blowing the back out of
Tosha now I'm trying to figure out but
the touch was arched and throwback that
really made dancing like wow or was like
Laura Lee put networks because his sexy
is wit ISA he just seemed like a lazy
bag like it just wasn't it wasn't it
wasn't doing nothing for me I was not
chelated the little quick we gotta love
Tasha or now sighs my gosh wow how
beautiful back I'm not mad at Tasha for
sleepin with Lawrence I will say however
kasha will it be civil with Lawrence at
the bird ass move and before y'all come
at me because you know iris exact
amazing way
it's not a bird I thought that I would
be above hope she wasn't just throwing
it back at him like that and that's all
this is a guy and because I love he
think it's disrespectful first time you
have sex or I'm the only different
behind or like immediate position he's
put into it or no stuffing like the key
oh look this is why I get to know me
first look me in the eye
what you doing with I feel like it's
just a respect thing we have to be clear
that Lawrence is not over Issa whether
or not they get back I'm indifferent to
I really hope that the shoulders and
veer off into like the soap opera realm
of Tasha and Lawrence being a thing
because
Lawrence was taking Easter to look at
rings like he was ready to marry this
girl to the restaurant life with her
our brains are chemically wired that it
takes us a long time to get over being
in love
so I'll take Lawrence at least two years
to get over ISA think it was a snarky
ass move I'm gonna leave the best buy
shirt in the closet but if that's how
he's getting back at ISA is leaving the
shirt in the closet and then tapping
some new that was easily
accessible to him I'm not even that
Eddie Tosh about some rebounding that's
a rebound I need a place to stay big he
had no place this day he needed a
comforting home and ain't no like
new and she just gave it up to him
it's not necessarily a judgment against
her I just really hope that she realizes
what she's getting out of situation and
she proceeds accordingly because we've
all been in situations where not even
the day after the weekend after like I
did a guy who was like a year and a half
out of his really and it was quite
similar he said Lawrence where he I
messed up and then she cheated on it he
was a good nice guy I remember one day
we were listening to music I was asked
what if they respond was and he played a
Murray I just died he like kind of deep
places song he had his own doubt and I'm
thinking stick it till hello
which boy it is emotional attachment to
his R&B song and now he's done you know
and the girl is accessing was Tasha
they're married now with kids
so hey clearly yeah I mean comfort is
the thing if anything Lawrence needs to
focus on his new job work on that ad
that he's been dreaming over the past
five years you know focus on his little
side hustle stachyose coins get over ISA
before he decide before he attempts to
move into her and relationship to
another woman because all he's going to
end up doing is hurting somebody who
doesn't deserve to be hurt I don't think
Tasha deserves the short end of the
stick so don't think that just because
somebody can come in and compliment a
person whose they have not been
dealing with does not make them the
better match either it's just so myopic
to think that because she went to lunch
with him and complimented him and uplift
to him in that thirty minute setting
that all of a sudden she's such a better
catch than somebody is not maybe that
arch and I throw that game great let's
not project here so excited to see
season two so excited is a show that not
just women are watching but men and
women my mama call me talking about she
watching it love it what were your
thoughts on this season and insecure
where your thought in the finale what
was a drink lurk in this episode the
music was hittin
storyline was handicapped development
was hey hey can we see what have we got
on these a doodle let me know in the
comments down below what you thought
thanks for following along and actually
watching all my videos the reviews on it
secreted decently like this was a good
it was a good time y'all it was a good
time alright don't bad
you
