hey guys it's jewel T and I know one the
camera quality looks crazy because my
handy dandy t3 I just went out
I took the 70d back to the store cuz I'm
gonna buy it from B&H and what in the
meantime in between times a day before I
leave for Thailand look here that I will
have for five years now just doesn't
turn on the moon I only got the first
four episodes for like early access and
ìiím on HBO and then gave it to me about
the rest of the season and they already
have people that they're commissioning
to do reviews on the insecure website oh
no I'm just a small fish in a big pot
and that's what it is I got everyone
let's hear about the when I talk about
this episode basically cuz like I hope
you got nacho child homophobia to hang
out too quickly here so this past week
episode Marley is still annoying esse I
did have several friends hit me up after
my review last week and tell me that I
was lying and that I definitely have
friends like Miley girl days right I
told a lie I have I had a friend in
college but we weren't really friends we
were acquaintances because I was friends
with somebody else and she got me called
the bad news bear by this white boys was
president n-double a-c-p even now she's
a very good career and she's still and
then I think I'm an adult I do have a
friend who was similar to Molly and
we've been friends for a long time but
it's gotten to the point where she does
not talk to me about what's going on her
relationship life anymore
I just have to say she's my friend but
she won't be talking to me about her
dating life she low-key be lying to me
even though low-key it may be high key
she's like swimming in the pond of all
my homeboys and they all come tell me
I'd be like all day and I just I just
act like I don't know when I'm talking
to her like I'm totally unaware and
clueless because I think it did get to a
point where she was like telling me
about these guys and she would do that
stuff like show to a guy's house oh I
expect you guys to come help her like
just do all this extra shit you didn't
look at how that girl huh and I think I
get the girl huh
thanks too many times and so she just
realized they work out but anywho look
into them so so E station either I don't
know if I was his friend
what would my advice be to her either I
would have a very similar reaction
that Molly had when she told her that
she slept with Daniel I would just be
like oh are you gonna do it again
like did you enjoy it how do you feel oh
you're ready okay I support you and
however you move forward in this if I
was her friend
I would not tell her to tell Laurence I
wouldn't tell her not to tell him but I
would totally understand if she opted
not to and it's birdie and it's wrong
and yada yada yada but come on male or
female we all know that we have friends
who have made a similar misstep and
we've had their back on it in a series
you're pretty much introduced to both
characters on equal footing so you don't
have a predetermine attachment to either
one so would you have a lot more
sympathy but you know it was a one and
done I could totally be that homegirl
that's like just keep with you else out
but keep moving I would I would like to
have a timeline like is this show with
him like have we like gone through a
full week here has it been like a month
or something like how quickly are things
moving I think with the Jared situation
she just saw jus Deniz beige character
she was just in bed with him like 24
hours ago right like the morning before
she was waking up in bed with the beige
man and I might have kept something
getting to pray that night and now she
is hooking up with Jared there was too
much sexist episode I know it's HBO I
know you know there's there's okay
people be bumping pelvic bones they be
doing the grown-up I get it it was just
a lot of ass it was a lot of like okay I
don't I really didn't see this much like
I'm not I'm not to lated I meant turned
on I found a little little because I've
got the play without this visual maybe I
still don't understand why she showed up
to Jared's house I don't understand you
know why she cut off it she did this
character named Chris or something beige
eyes Negro I don't know why she cut him
all so quickly look I'm not clear on
what Molly actually wants and for Jared
to be willing to take her back it's
really we put up with her after her she
straight played him like she curbed him
hard I don't even know it wasn't
had a revelation at this point they're
just fucking I guess but I don't ever
really enter this conversation people
with telling them like the rapture
should I did that's a bad conversation I
know that I don't that when people start
to Oh tell me tell me something you went
tell nobody else I played for why for
what a cipher asking me when the last
time I got tested do I have any STDs I
mean I really don't feel like there's a
whole lot else about my personal
intimate life that I need to be
disclosing and I don't people do it but
I just that conversation just it always
goes left because somebody always is up
saying more than the other person and it
only ever stops once you've reached a
level of uncomfortableness where
somebody has done something that you're
kind of like oh okay yeah yeah barley
admits to having hooked up or kissed or
whatever a girl exploring her sexuality
with the woman and immediately realizing
that she wasn't interested Jared admits
to playing around with the homeboy and
being on the receiving end of oral sex
from another guy I'll do nothing wrong
with that leg I don't really like who
cares okay
I'd be more bothered by you gonna stick
big ding dong got my booty ho more than
a dude that's gotten like a mouth is a
mouth as far as a man exploring his
sexuality
I'm actually like if you did it and you
are positive that that's not what you
like I feel way more comfortable with
you now I feel calm even with the fact
that you can acknowledge that to me and
it not be super dramatic
my best friend played basketball at
Villanova he's six foot eight and a
bottom after hearing the way that men
have approached him heterosexual
performing men have approached him a lot
of similarly black men who are
heterosexual that had accosted gay men
and expected that they could get this
guy to perform whatever they wanted him
to perform for them and a very
aggressive manner back women and gay men
have a very symbiotic relationship and
I've been meaning to do a video on this
but girl the comments
I'm just not ready I'm not ready to like
have to monitor it like that a lot of
people's concern is basically a kind of
the Christian principle in it right that
a lot of us grew up in a household where
we were told that homosexuality is a sin
a lot of us still believe that
homosexuality is a sin and when you
start having conversations like this the
first thing that people get defensive
about is you trying to change their
theological beliefs even if they're okay
were you living there your life however
you want to live it they don't like you
trying to change how they their
spirituality essentially because it is a
very personal thing and then but then it
also morphs into a lot of people feeling
like if men are allowed to explore their
sexuality they're more likely to turn
gay I don't understand that I don't get
why women can do things just for the
heck of it do things out of curiosity
and nobody is concerned that they're
gonna turn lesbian there's almost
actually in the black community kind of
this pervasive thought that most
lesbians will come around and end up
with men be kind of box men in very
quickly and very narrowly as to what
they are allowed to do before we start
defining them for themselves
you know I don't believe in anybody's
right to define me so why would I define
somebody Alice like for Maude to be so
judgmental she just had sex with two men
within 24 hours that's called a yeast
infection and vaginosis at the same damn
time let's call your pitch balls in your
vagina is all the way fucked up it's to
create something that doesn't smell good
and you didn't go to your track
gynecologist that's what that means and
what you worried about him doing
something how many years ago I mean yeah
I could have just kept to themselves
really please be respectful in the
comments down below but I would love to
hear your thoughts the rest of episode
was just like tits and ass and I think I
okay and it'll be interesting to see how
Lawrence responds to meeting Danielle
and how hot is the other Lisa this will
probably be my last review of insecure
because I'm going to be entirely on for
the next two weekends and I don't have
access to the show maybe you'll see me
maybe you will I
let me know whether I need rake lyrics
for this episode comment down below do
this
you
