hey guys it's Julie and I'm back again
to videos and one day this election is
triggering for many people myself
included to wake up and watch a
demagogue reignite white nationalism
having a place in American politics is
frightening you wake up in a world that
ostensibly hates your being your
congenial neighbors privilege blinds
them from seeing how they are attempting
to snuff you out and then you're looking
at this wealthy white woman who wears
those horrible kitten heels and you just
don't know how to feel Hillary does not
have the charm of Obama or the
effervescent aura of Michele and we were
absolutely spoiled by the Church sermon
campaigning of Obama in 2008 this 2016
election cycle has left us all
collectively exhausted I'm not here to
shame anyone into voting it's been clear
about how I was gonna cast my ballot
since the primary and I am absolutely
looking forward to our first woman
president but what I do want to
encourage is for my audience to educate
sizes the amount of false information
that has permeated the masses is
frightening that facts are no longer the
some of the equations that Facebook
memes and videos can sway public opinion
that people will argue you down when you
attempt to encourage them to research to
learn for themselves to think I don't
want to see my community tailspin into
an apathy that allowed lies to become
reality a lot of the weariness from the
black community towards Hillary Clinton
has been preempted by all right
conservative outlets that revel in white
nationalism the amount of times I've
seen by people repost articles from
brett bar an outlet that has
single-handedly changed the face of
journalism for the worst getting a safe
space for misogynistic racist xenophobic
rhetoric to flourish a very pro trump
website that has legitimized is than a
phobic rhetoric that at one point had an
entire page
dedicated to decimating the black lives
matter movement and has no ethical or
fact-checking standard then you try to
point out to the hey that site is anti
black people and misappropriates half
facts for clickbait and you're met with
belligerents at a video for my low yana
Palouse and I don't care his name is
pronounced correctly that from a video
from his Facebook page made it onto my
timeline and when you say hey this guy
is Trashies the same person that gloats
about terrorizing Leslie Jones on
Twitter he fetishizes black men as his
pet and folks insists that the content
is still of merit because it fits it to
the point you're trying to make about
Clinton
yes she was absolutely wrong for those
comments and wrong in her endorsement of
the 1994 crime bill just as Charles
Rangel is wrong for endorsing and
campaigning for that crime bill just
this Joe Biden is wrong for actually
running the crime bill and being the
only Democratic leader who would not
apologize for the crime bill my proud of
it but we still speak fondly of Joe
Biden there are much more profound
criticisms of Hillary Clinton and her
politics but they require you to dig a
little deeper and look at a much bigger
picture than a soundbite part of it is
that Clinton's hawkish ways as Secretary
of State was under the Obama
administration we cannot we can't raise
them both for the killing of Osama bin
Laden in this and then wholly and only
blame Clinton for the assassination of
Gaddafi when we look to Haiti and the
Democratic Republic of Congo we have to
dig into the complexities of their
national governments and aristocracy and
the politics that the Clinton the Obama
administration the ambassadors that
serve those countries the politics that
they played with them with Lawren dollar
donor to nonprofits
you have to build out the web of
affiliation to explain why Clinton is
dubious there is a lot of context to dig
through and I encourage you to dig in
order that when you criticize you are
standing on a solid foundation of backs
and a firm understanding of a political
system that impacts your livelihood in
order for you to hold Clinton your state
government your local government the
cabinet that she then employs hold all
these people accountable what's wrong
being crazy about American politics is
what gets done under our nose because we
haven't been lucky we don't show up for
midterm elections we're loud during the
presidential election year then
definitely quiet three years in between
but as a technology gap closes we now
have access to information that once had
a wall around it we have the platforms
to amplify our voices giving us the
ability to hold our politicians much
more accountable but we have to weigh to
the noise of a historical misinformation
always check the sources and take the
time to invest in your knowledge
Gobbo an addendum a dumb-dumb a
postscript if one of your criticisms
against Clinton is that she is a
politician of the establishment her
hands are dirty they're bloody she's
corrupt as compared to Jill Stein heard
you to read a New York Times I believe
it's their magazine write-up of Marilyn
Mosby the Baltimore district attorney
who prosecuted or attempted to prosecute
the police involved in the death of
Freddie gray really just as a smart
brown girl remember of my audience I
would encourage you to read it in
general it is a really good look into
how hard it is to maintain integrity
regardless of your initial intentions
when entering into the system of
American politics
so definitely read the article link down
below and the eye above and please
Oh
