hey guys it's Jules II I still don't
know how to work this camera I got a new
camera I can't in 70d don't know if I'm
gonna keep it somebody has some
recommendations on how to get this thing
right girl let's get into this cuz you
like where have you been in such a long
time
clink clink clink clink clang did you
mr. sound of that did you miss this out
of my obnoxious voicing clink clink
clink Clank today we are sipping on
ginger ale and peach Grand Marnier it
tastes like fruit punch my lipstick is
Smashbox girl game I already said part
of like my depression is this election
girl and so truth be told I haven't
really been traveling a lot of pop
culture news aside from like Beyonce
because Beyonce and I'm not even I don't
consider myself part of the Beehive I
don't feel like I'm a fan I just
understand you know I just understand it
so much like false information is
floating around and it's like okay so
this American life is a podcast that I
love and they eat what are their more
recent episodes was about the false news
and then BuzzFeed did a long read
investigation on like the kind of false
food that's propagating people are
making a ton of money off of doing
clickbait content off these websites or
publications like The Washington Times
and these other complications that don't
really have the ethics standards for the
article that they published and so
BuzzFeed found that I was like these
young teenagers and like Canada and I
think well the Maldives or Valle dona
somewhere out like East Europe or
something okay whatever girl somewhere
not easier these kids is like just
putting out stuff to fuel the mostly is
to fuel the alt-right crowd which is
like the ultra conservative the pro
Trump people but it's also happening on
the Democrat side there's a lot of
Fanning the flames in order to draw
revenue and I just get so frustrated
with how many people that I know in real
life are falling for the height
you know y'all know how to clap back
Queen and I'm trying I'm trying to like
soften the blow right but I've been like
having to walk away from wanting to
educate people cuz you just I don't have
time to everybody in US government
history lesson but as the dis American
life episode pointed out back to no
longer the some of the equation right in
that fact no longer add up to the answer
people are going to believe what they
want to believe but false equivalence is
happening in this election and I just
can't I was watching a video show here
in Dallas to East African immigrants and
the one dude was like he's gonna vote
for Trump because Trump stands for the
family and gender values because he's
against transgender and gay people and
I'm just like let's move on to Beyonce
because some of us just want to agree so
this is what a happy moment we want to
exhale we want to breathe Beyonce
performed at the CMAs with the Dixie
Chicks
I was not falling for the shenanigans I
did not watch the award ceremony because
I was not fitting to sit up there and
watch a bunch of people who culture who
don't approve of my culture know the
Beehive is on it her whole performance
was up like before was even over there's
a lot of cultural significance to
Beyonce performing at the CMAs with the
Dixie Chicks country music has kind of
become like the cultural marker for the
conservative like Republican white
Southern Enclave but even in the past
the founding of country music was off
the back of black folk black artists and
songwriters that would write these songs
for country artists and then be screwed
over in their publishing rights and
licensing rights and never saw a dollar
or dime for their work and then to come
to like the more modern day and how much
black artists have a harder time
breaking into the country music scene
like it's a thing and so to have beyonce
in her blackest year ever
with the Dixie Chicks who are like the
pariahs of country music in that
have very been very vocal at speaking
out against conservative politicians one
being George Bush or like having this
big poster of Donald Trump with devil
horns as the backdrop on their concerts
for the tour a country song written by
winter Gordon and Kevin Qasim two black
people who are known as R&B and hip-hop
artist
come on from circle brick in that and
then on top of it daddy les just has a
like am I the only one that hurts is
Annika influenced and daddy lesson I
feel like I mentioned this in my review
of lemonade and y'all got it tied
Beyonce and all her glory and her
titties looking so magnificent and the
skin and the glow and she's black Ray
Charles was the first one to drop a
country album that went platinum I
haven't even thought about the Dixie
Chicks it's a day is a life butterfly
clips he's good twist the flats was run
away back had a butterfly clip with each
one of them yay
well one of his st. Pablo stops went on
a rant about jay-z only called him he
didn't come see him or come over and
make sure he was good after his wife was
robbed that Blue Ivy and Northwest I've
never had a play date and he just went
off on the threat now it's been a
long-standing thing with Kanye and jay-z
about Kanye idolizing jay-z as a big
brother I mean he has a song on the
graduation album about this and I
remember going to like the graduation
listening party and I feel like Kanye
said something about the kind of him the
rockiness of him and jay-z's
relationship at that point in like 2008
yeah I really feel like Kanye thinks
more that's a waste ship than jay-z does
like the day Kanye got married wasn't
wasn't jay-z and Beyonce riding around
New York City on a bikes or something I
do feel a little bit bad for Kanye I
wanted to address a comment about their
children not having play dates and it's
like would you let your black ass
daughter around the Kardashian so I
think about that think about how people
talk about blue eyes I wish I could
figure out a way to do a video of
talking about when you look like your
father when you have a really pretty
as a daughter because I went to that
experience where I look a lot like my
dad and my mom was very attractive and
people would constantly make comments
about the difference and my parents look
and how much that affects and how much
that impacts the child's psyche and I'm
sure the Carter nose can't have enough
money to kind of circumvent some of that
and we're really touching Blue Ivy but
to the level that we talk about her or
looking like jay-z and jay-z's features
being ugly as in like black features
like widows and let's be clear we are
saying essentially that black ethnic
African features are ugly it's his big
lives and his wide nose that people
mostly go after and that is kind of what
why he inherited and I think she's a
gorgeous little girl I don't necessarily
think that North West or even Kim would
be the bad influence it's well known
that all the kids in the Kardashian
household are really close with Khloe I
don't know my young daughter to be
influenced by Kali or Kylie and so by
default because I know that your
children are extremely close with this
family member and I can't go policing
you're Jewish it with their aunts I'm
stuck on my China right now children
like that in a family that does a lot of
plastic surgery and you want your child
to feel good about their black ass
features I don't really but Kardashian's
ain't really I understand what dude so
there is so much good black ass TV on
y'all stay be asking me to do reviews
y'all say be asking me that's not
something just they Atlanta hilarious it
was too short of a season like hope it
comes back what was so good about
Atlanta is one it's talking about kind
of being young black and broke with
allergy being like depressing or cut or
without it being like this Negro can't
really get ahead I don't think earn
desires van though truth be told I ain't
 as a boyfriend and paper boy the
guy who plays paper boy went to Yale for
grad school like come on y'all the
acting is good
humor is hilarious that Juneteenth
episode had me on the floor and it was
so much shade and how they kind of
positioned the black woman marrying the
white man because of wealth I caught
that then there's queen sugar which is
on own what Ava Duvernay I love it I did
one review of one episode because that
episode was like well I just love Queen
sugar because it makes even the most
mundane aspects of black life look
beautiful like the not this last episode
but the episode before last where they
were caught in the hurricane and it was
like not a lot of dialogue in that
episode but they caught this really kind
of beautiful shots it's like the thing
that okay a two parents laying in the
bed with their child doesn't really
sound like an interesting scene but they
really kind of caught it in like oh it's
just I did a review of 13th the
documentary by Ava Duvernay
definitely check that out and if you
have not definitely check out thirteen
last night I went to see which is a
must-see I don't even want to say too
much about the movie because there's
really no way to talk about it without
spoiling like giving away spoilers but I
was in an audience full of Queens who
were gagging the whole night they were
just so animated it was so interesting
because if you go see the movie it's
very it's actually not a dialogue heavy
movie at all the main character shyrone
can't say more than three words at a
time you just real quiet a lot of the
movie is left up for interpretation it
talks about black masculinity and
sexuality
the kind of struggles and complexities
in that and the right that black men
have to be fluid and even it's the kind
of character arcs well Janelle Monae is
gorgeous and then Marcia Halle
I don't know eyebrows his name's named
Remi from house of cards that dude who
just be doing the damn thing I leave his
wife's name is Miley he plays one and
even by this hotel in any other film the
drug dealer is super hard he's super
gangster we fit these into these very
compact stereotypes of what black
characters can be and there was so much
nuance in this film it's just it's
really really good I'm trying to get all
my homeboys go see it cuz I want them to
talk about it I'm not gonna do a review
on it largely because I'm not a black
man and you know I'm the black woman
when things are poignant at me and speak
to my narrative don't really care what
minute to say about it like I don't
really need to hear review from men
about Beyonce's lemonade yummy I don't
think I need to voice my opinion because
it's not for me to speak to you know I
watch a lot of the film and I appreciate
actually being in an audience bully
mostly of black men I get some context
of how realistic this movie is and how
and if I was right in my reaction or my
thought process to certain scenes in the
film so I'm trying to get my homeboys go
see you both straight and queer because
it's just so good it's so good they'll
see it we're good whack bills this one
is right there Neiman Marcus is selling
collard greens for $66 and they sold out
I don't think they start out cuz people
was really buying them up like that
probably only make an unlimited run and
I live up the street from the original
Neiman Marcus goes found it in Dallas
and I've been saying I'm a wolf down
there and see if I they selling in store
can I go pick me up some $66.00 collard
greens in store I feel like I saw all my
homeboys snap at the root have bought
something so maybe there'll be a video
of a taste test coming up soon but come
on come on Columbus it would you really
ride it was colonies I feel a Weibull
really need to win a turn up green
no ham hocks at least some turkey neck
yeah I mean I understand got me vegan a
vegetarian now that's cute but you need
some smoked meat in your car liver you
are right and hats off think you might
see more pops narcs thumbs up this video
I hope you commented along this is must
be a key a communal activity
you
