hey guys it's Josie and truth be told
it's taking everything in me to get up
into this video and we're late again
this week and this is just me being
self-destructive because my videos go up
right after the West Coast airing when I
put them up late the next day what about
you what am i doing I'm adulting and
adults it sucks because I live in Texas
senator Ted Cruz so let's get em so four
thirsty s okay how did y'all feel how
are y'all feeling I'm really interested
in the Molly and Rasheeda storyline does
she get fired essentially is that where
this way but let's let's rewind because
the opening scene is ISA and Lawrence
having to have shower sex and like true
life from a sweet she's awkward but I
still have it like I feel like wealthy
people who are really nice showers like
even you I'll be in a nice hotel or a
nice Airbnb but at your basic like
apartment even when you have one of
those garden hose I'll say call uptown
it's not like it's just not you security
their way because they're short valet
get my hair away get it in my face you
know women laying at hyatt men have
weird body temperature and then like
water washes away all the bodily fluids
yeah okay
maybe like I was just like yeah girl
that was hilarious and realistic
pregnancy ISA and Lawrence's love life
on the up and up and the whole like
buying the couch scene and then seen the
couple mad at each other and being like
I always it you buy the lotion pump you
know the white woman wasn't wrong though
like you wasn't gonna smooth out a whole
bottle of lotion and put like I don't
understand the point of buying metal
pump so you got to clean it like I don't
even like washing dishes I don't even
like loading the dishwasher
but I was cute so I'll be real with
y'all I like the Daniel storyline I
don't I don't really care about like
it's funny because this plays into the
kind of awkward black girl throat right
so where essa has this kind of
awkwardness about her sexuality and her
vulnerability and it's very very
relatable and that aspect that I like
the humor in it and I like the relatable
nasaw uses character but Daniel Yee cute
but like this is why why do here like
what are you here for what are you doing
is it a nod someone's attractive and
you're just like okay I wouldn't date
you when he shows up at the wrong time
and as my favorite line from this
episode I have Miley said you don't see
how Chili's dick girl have you had a
Keeley's dick before cuz I have nine
Jenna is so baby like every time I see
him I feel like I just have to announce
his business page um but no way you know
Betsy was kind of boring but it was like
it's for Molly that wasn't for me that
was to show that money can have a
reasonable date where she's not thirsty
at the title of the episode she wanted a
with the other new friends who like
played her name your top five are R&B
groups how to listen to music like that
can you name your top five R&B I missed
the whole 1998 music area
you know what I mean like I grew up in a
household where I owned on my mother's
finals now I have a lot of Barbra
Streisand's
I have a B to the Andrew Lloyd Webber
play in the viola player and the record
player right now go cry for me Argentina
yeah I mean it was doing something for
him oh oh wait okay so Jodeci boys
summer escape
Tony Tony Tony that's for is it so for
real my ok they have like two songs that
what about the Isley Brothers because
all the remixes that are Kelly I feel
Molly though when she says that she does
not want to be the black translator but
where does a charm like they were gonna
major law firm isn't that least one HR
person cuz the HR person have nine go
talk to Rasheeda
who is obnoxiously loud I was that
person at one point in time my freshman
year of college I was just that loud
person I wasn't ever that loud at work
though but you know I have my moments
and Molly tried to talk to her like when
Molly talked to her last episode and we
should it be she D D Dada whatever she
said her name was proceeded to try and
read Molly
it was just like Molly did the right
thing like she presented herself she was
nice of the girl she said I loaded the
girl she was respectful she didn't tell
her that she did to change who she
wanted it was just like hey
you might want to reel it in a bit she's
just loud like even bright like cookout
barbecue standards like you still be
like you would be all your phone
snapchat why is this girl so loud with
the extra zoom up close because she's
just loud so I wanted to the partners
fire her like what does that talk about
because she live a real meet when she
had all that attitude the other way
should Issa have told Lawrence about
Daniel come in for career day I feel
like the set up was it he said wasn't
wrong because her co-worker either a
side a you'll come in for the career day
so what's it like it's a procedure but I
was just inside way if the guy I'm a
name for five years so had a feeling
like ISA does for Daniel for some other
woman so you know she that right but
like I want to tell my boyfriend either
and I would check them emotions to my
girl let that go the bank teller who I
told you forgot to talk about less have
a song I'm really trying to work on it
because you know way one of my things
about this year is like I realize how
much black women are just on
like left and right and a lot of it pops
up in the comments of my YouTube video
other people fill it there's nothing
wrong in using the roadbed wedge I don't
have time for the ante black with my
rhetoric and part of that if I'm gonna
love black women part of that is loving
several shades of black women it's like
the bank teller is just giving me like
uneducated to you like
PG County from Misty's right and I'm
trying to I'm trying to work on my
respectability politics at my judgment
but to me I also feel like her character
is very specific is that Warren's
clearly has some sort of attraction to
her maybe I don't think he's as much in
the wrong as ISA is for her feelings
towards Daniel but this scene was like
that whole scene in the cafeteria with
the hot sauce is he's like he obviously
needs the confidence booster he needs
someone to massage his ego at this time
because ISA has not been giving it to
him but this is LA so I was like this is
exactly why men may forever be talking
about they want a smart woman and then
they go for the they go for the basics a
little bit yeah we have expectations
that's why ISA was having a difficult
time you know giving him the support
that he needed because he wasn't really
giving it to her and she's she slowly to
work on it but I'm just looking at the
bank teller like she's just so basic to
me like I appreciate that she's trying
to get ahead but girl you had a like lay
up your standards but I guess you know
you protracted we keep it talked about
his girlfriend it so I wouldn't like
soon as the man much as his girlfriend
okay okay
platonic fight twinkle in the eye looks
at each other no I don't know where's
this going how do i chastise her and
then don't feel no type way towards
Daniel it's I don't I don't just I just
don't care about Daniel like he just
does nothing for me truth be talking
reminds me of like he looks gay in and
after being that cry and the whole the
whole sensibilities is all like mm I
have never never in my life been
surrounded by so many men who were just
fragrant with the whole mentality I feel
like he would just fit right in like he
would be right you know soon chillin
what's that spot over there to everybody
though so you know I'm talking about
that whole see ISA talking into the
mirror
hide me on the floor and then when ty
dolla sign popped up as she did I like
smile wherever it's like that world
cheesy spot what you know you
you've had that mom and then you like
have that like he got me he got me and
she took the champagne glass out of his
head it was hilarious and Molly popped
up boom just like that I should be just
as annoying with Daniel as I am with the
bank robber right like why am i so
judgmental towards the bank girl she
hasn't crossed the line yet and I'm not
even mad that she had a hot sauce on her
bag there's I don't feel like having hot
sauce in your bag when you're packing
your own lunch is ghetto if she brought
around a bottle of mustard with somebody
saying she got out maybe she liked to
spicy much at home Trader Joe's and I
would dare somebody to look at me like
I'm crazy like hot sauce don't taste
good on everything say so what was your
favorite line from the episode how do
you feel about the bank tellers do you
think this is the end of Rasheeda is she
gonna come in next episode let me know
your thoughts in the comments down below
as always thanks for watching support
shop smart brown girl and become a
patron SPG patron if you want to see
more videos like this and I will do
better to get stuff up on time earlier
because I can't be sad when all my views
from this week get under 7000 views just
like what is the point of doing that
