hey guys it's Josie and I am back with
another video this is like a reverse get
ready with me if I get alrighty with me
because Navia featuring the vanity
planet ultimate skin spa system that
comes with a travel pack my memory sucks
like I get so tongue-tied as I played
we're actually gonna be talking about
the reason why and let's get ready
unready with me video but to cover all
the things with regards to this I have a
coupon code down below in the
description box I have three of these
now and I keep one in the bathroom the
others in each of my suitcases so I
always have it with me wherever I go I
actually really do like this this is why
I always agree to do the videos on it
because I use this it has a silicone
brush head attachment so it doesn't to
keep back on the bacteria yeah let's get
into this routine that I'm doing in my
living room instead of my bathroom
because the lighting in my bathroom
sucks I have a bucket of water here
I'm gonna take my nighttime soothing
wipes and do a quick wipe off of the
surface makeup
I've been wearing a lot less makeup as
of late and so like I don't wear
foundation I literally just wear
concealer with the powder over top and
lipstick I'm not even wearing eyeliner
or mascara oh and I do fill in my brows
so my cleaning routine is really
simplified like I actually went to
Nordstrom and aside it I was gonna treat
myself and try a more expensive facial
cleaner that I'm definitely gonna return
tomorrow because it was an $81 girl but
let's have some fun so this is the LAN
sea air the Polish method slavishly now
what I wanted to actually talk to you
guys about as I cleanse my face hair I
talked about this so much snapchat I
have to breathe airbrush depression this
is like not pretty too secret I think if
you watch my videos for the past year
you've noticed atheneum I've done a lot
of what I feel like is complaining and I
am been in a pretty negative space for
most days yeah it's gotten to the point
where I can't deal with it on my own
anymore and I've been trying to and I've
had depression for a while now and it's
almost become a regular feeling and I
don't like that so being my doctor
discuss my medical options and I decided
to take wellbutrin
it smells great too I think this
conversation is very necessary because
when I've told people that I've decided
to make teeny medication and even my
doctor was like you really are past the
point of light where therapy is just
gonna help I can only do I didn't take
the medication and you change my diet
and you can start working out I got into
all other things but I literally
couldn't find the motivation to wake up
in the morning like it's debilitating to
be that depressed when you work for
yourself like I don't have a job that I
have to get up and go to or else I'm
fired but it's also causing me to like
it gets you stuck in this circle and so
I'm really really happy with the
medication that's part I really wanted
to have this kind of conversation
because I feel like when you say that
you are going through any sort of mental
health issue and you decided to take
medication for it the support especially
within the black community is just
totally trash I don't think people
understand how unsupportive they are and
I don't think it's very conscious so
both to encourage people that are
dealing with this themselves whether
they're depressed or someone in their
life is going to this and you
subconsciously might have said something
that really isn't helping the situation
I don't need to be questioned about it
like I did do my research I did my
Google I talked to my friends who are
scientists and who worked in the
pharmaceutical field and I went over it
with my doctor who I trust highly which
is why I go to her when something's
wrong with my body because I had trust
her opinion yeah my skin it really
doesn't
absolutely love my vanity planet spinner
let me clean this off a little bit more
my one word of advice is you have
natural hair and you are wearing your
hair out pull your hair back before
spacing between here will definitely
pull some of your hair out when it gets
caught up in here I'm speaking from
uh-huh and that's all again there will
be a coupon code for 70% off the
ultimate skin spa travel spit our pact
my mind is everywhere part of the severe
depression has been that my memory has
been the stress I left the car running
the other day for two hours
girl mind I'm so happy to be getting it
together this healthy eating this
working out this taking the world of
Tron and it's not forever getting to a
place where I can maintain a healthy
state all around
OOP let me put my toner on laughs I
think it's like $38 holla and it comes
with three spinning heads and let me
know in the comments and let me know in
the comments down below if you've had
experience taking medication for any
sort of mental health issue whether it's
depression anxiety panic attacks or
bipolar and thumbs up this video deuces
you
you
