hey guys it's Josie and let's just get
right into this review of Easter eggs is
the killer
it's a little bit late because I get
this up earlier on a Monday because you
know it came along it comes on one
Sunday this is episode three bt-dubs the
lipstick is smashbox girl game love it
obsessed if he's matte liquid lipsticks
are everything i need a recess enough to
send me the whole kit so I start doing
makeup reviews can i bitch no trip to
Bora or like why is it cool here and
then the hair wrap is there a place this
episode is a lot with class and class is
some we start with Rasheeda the new
intern at Molly's law firm now I am
trying to let go of my respectability
politics as well so this whole
relationship between Molly and Rasheeda
I really am enjoying this narrative I
know it's only one episode it but I'm
appreciating that it's even being
discussed do have Molly an educated
influential black woman working within
the white corporate structure Rasheeda
has come in at it in as an intern and
it's a nice power dynamic is that one
yes she's an intern but she's a summer
intern at a law firm which is still a
very big deal it's not like oh this
really really wealthy black woman is a
benevolent giver to like this super poor
you know criminal activity type black
woman which is what we often see in the
media but the commies ad like Rasheeda
you know girl wait the the ease at which
she kind of shows all herself isn't
respectability politics to believe in
the necessity of the code switching is
this really just inherent of our race
like do why people have to do this
like the answer is yes that in the work
environment certain casualties of your
personality get left back at home like
this is not the backyard barbecue this
is not the baseball game for white
people either maybe the lines are a bit
more blurred for them because they are
the majority in this office space but
the commies edie and this how it Wow
Rashida is a you know I'm a loud person
I am loud but do you really even be
working on all-black environment do you
get that comfortable with your coworkers
my rule of thumb is no because it's
still work somebody still cutting yo
check and when you get fired let go to
check stop coming at yo get the
promotion you want it's just too many
things that could go wrong at work where
personal feelings get involved in a
business relationship and it just
doesn't end well don't matter the work
environment I'm in I am very cautious
about how comfortable and friendly I did
what my co-workers I really appreciated
the way that Molly one introduced
herself to Rasheeda because it seemed
really genuine and then when she noticed
that rashida wasn't what's the right
word for this
I guess switched it up in different
circumstances and like the DD and being
like way too colloquial with her
co-workers it's like girl I'm not asking
you to hide your blackness or hydride
entity or you know change your name but
it's like simply like you know just be
considerate of the environment that you
are in because the culture of the office
matters so much and don't get so many
people not hired because they don't get
it to the culture of the office and so
when mommy pulls her to the side and
tries to pull lightly Taher you know you
might just wanna bring it down a few
notches
what is Rasheeda right and her kind of
push back towards money I don't think so
why you telling me you came and I like
call me baby girl and I XYZ in your
interview because you clearly just
switch it up when he was talking to
Molly so you know how to talk the talk
while still being true to yourself so
come on if I say that at the taco truck
I just love it I got out bus tour
because right after this video goes live
I'm done editing it I'm gonna go give me
some outpost or taco took us to my
favorite but I would eat your food even
if you spit in it I mean I'm like that
she's her Spanish yes this stay
smart but sick so then we go to a scene
that I'm totally like I locate because I
shot the case and you know I'd be taking
my shots shoot your shot right but a
black sorority house that you are having
like a nightcap or like a cocktail party
at grad chapter cuz these are grown
women so they are now in grad chapters
um what do they do that maybe in the Far
West Region I don't know all I know
about the Far West region is they are
weird
I remember at convention I believe it
was 2010 when the Far West rent had
finger waves head full of finger waves
in 2010 oh wow how Californian of you
and then Amanda field as the bougie
black woman I I don't see it but okay
that was a rather forced Hey it was the
set up for the relationship between
Molly and Jared and then Amanda Steele
is character got this when she rachel
dolezal as boyfriend like where you come
from
why do you have so much opinion about
black women just shut up and then
they're doing too much learn sister I
mean we all have she was thirsty girl a
bit overdone yes but I got a key I got a
laugh haha Jared didn't go to college
now two people really give reactions
like that like I feel like there is a
discussion to be had about um black
women who pursue higher education
because it's not like Molly just went to
college Molly does have a law degree and
passed the bar in the state of
California which is no easy feat right
so is it
they here to have expectations that your
mate should meet you on the education or
financial level but how do you also also
go about setting that standard credit I
did most of my maturation in the city of
New York where I resided for eight years
and you do meet a lot of people who are
very established very successful run
businesses started businesses who did
not go to college at all there are
people who obviously what is the market
zuckerberg who just dropped out of
college and so there's less of a stigma
I feel like in New York but I realized
when I went to fight for my MBA and you
know MOT certainty of people and they're
now being here down in the South that
there is a sort of expectation that as a
black person you go to college and it's
kind of like a so you ain't even takes
classes you ain't you couldn't even do
University and Phoenix like you're not
considering it and then my dude works at
Enterprise like he's a great guy and
seems to be genuine in his efforts to
build something with malli is it wrong I
don't feel like it's wrong for Molly to
feel some type way about him not only
not having going to college but that
he's a manager at enterprise because um
I get it that doesn't mean you break up
with them though and so I was kind of
lost at how quick molly is to detta dude
considering how Prussia is it might be a
question mark it might be a point of
consideration it might be something you
discuss with the homegirls that you
trust but you just kind of negro off why
he's hitch I was just thinking about you
he called you cuz he was thinking
bombshell where's the conversation about
what his ambitions are what are his
goals now if he were gonna enterprise on
like he thinks he's bowling and he's
good and that's eat then okay this might
not work bro though you can't be that
smart and be that dumb like death
lighten the scene at the beach where ISA
finally goes on the beach trip with the
kids earlier in the episode she had
overheard her co-workers talking about
her that lit a fire on her ass and she
actually came together on the trip and
the shade she threw back at them was
hilarious
yeah but then when the white coworker it
was like why don't more of them swim
slavery like how about red crow
did you watch 13th did you see black
people getting run off the beach that
ugly couch that they brought that ugly
couch together like what made them
decide was it like on Saturday I get on
Craigslist was it a used couch maybe
that's that wasn't but that entire
montage of the relationship of them
having bought the couch together of
going through the motions of being hot
over each other Issa with the hair and
then how they kind of grew apart and
then coming full circle my relationship
that wasn't really beautifully shot
loved it I totally forgot last week to
talk about the gangsta neighbor who was
everybody's favorite what is this a
Dueling awkward black girl who talked in
the hushed voice who you could never
hear was whispering everything and now
he's what a blood so he can't put out to
let her see in anywhere what's up with
that bow but that's all I had for this
episode let me know in the comments down
below what was your favorite scene in
this episode how did you feel about the
discussion around class ism what did you
think about Miley's interaction with
rashida what was your favorite one-liner
coming down below where you got a thumbs
up this video and if you've missed any
other of my reviews of this season ever
secure there's a playlist I'll link it
right here or link it down below
you
you
