hey guys it's Judy I have finally moved
though most of my stuff has not gotten
here yet hopefully this weekend
hence the late review for insecure going
up however there is a review up on very
smart brothers calm my collaboration
with Panama Jackson this is probably my
best act like this is my best review
thus far I'm ready to talk about this so
definitely go read go comment go engage
and it makes me look good they typically
don't do TV show reviews so those for
y'all
okay thanks you're here behind the ear
stick it out alright so let's get into
Episode 7 episode 7 was a kind of fresh
life girl this is hands-down my favorite
episode thus far of the season and we
only have two more episodes left and I'm
kind of sad because we're finally
getting into the groove of things here
it's like wow and everyone was excited
about Lawrence being back I'm sure the
Laurentide got to rejoice and sing
praises I mean I don't really use a
catalyst to why the storyline is finally
moving along but it's going day I more
or less feel like the direction they
went with a Daniel character kind of
drag the show along and then finally
like driving him moving them along
getting them I was like girl whoa wait
for - y'all wanna see Lawrence back you
know I was happy to see back check that
light-skinned house kind of a Negro Chad
is Paul Leary is he's not even a major
character he's literally a background
character in his storyline had me on the
floor his little one-liners the way he
delivers them I love Chad I even might
have had a tinge of sympathy for Chad
just like a smidge for his uh they
almost say leaving him at the altar
after finding out he - titty fuck some
strippers girl mm
so we have Lauren spreading it wide
bending it all over pounding it out
bumpin pelvic bones with every which way
girl he could find and y'all finally got
y'all PSA I feel like low-key they're
kind of trolling y'all with this then
the fact that Lauren's caught chlamydia
one that he it's revealed against Chloe
has chlamydia asked and he bangs a white
girl - its Lawrence it gets chlamydia
because folks are always like weird the
cone dude how you have this little close
oh you like in this city look people do
it it happens they put it on the nose
they gave it to y'all it's not the clap
because the clap is gonorrhea but
whatever the the street name is for
chlamydia that's what Lawrence guy and
his fool is behind having to call every
girl meeting slept with and not even
know every girl we don't sell because it
calls him to wrong girls joke's on you
that was a lot of sex scenes with
Lawrence though and I really really
really really really really want to know
why are there no sex scenes with Kelly
Kelly's the beginning in and even she
acknowledges out loud this episode that
she's been fucking the black kid from
Coachella a whole lot where's her Full
Monty
but lucky Negi no socks on HBO required
sex need now I'll get off of it I guess
it may be it is that Natasha Rothwell
who plays Kelly doesn't want to have a
sex scene more or less because HBO does
require you to get Bucky naked and I
can't understand that but I just feel
like the representation because Kelly is
a catch Kelly keeps getting dog down
give Kelly a sex scene we she deserves
it we deserve it but all warrants to the
fact that Lawrence was doing all that
sexing on the relationship couch that
him and Issa like Issa had that whole
montage was the end
season around the couch and the fact
that they bought it together and I'm
like upgrade to their apartment and that
she saw that being the centerpiece of
their relationship you know who you
thought they would be he's about to
propose and like they had that whole
like Barak Michelle with the kid and
their beautiful wedding dress oh that
actually made me say it I'm I said
Lawrence's apartment it's very nicely
decorated for a single man that is it
turquoise or teal velvet couch she has
really contracted well in an apartment
like the shop and set up look really
really nice we simply did with that
couch and Lawrence's wives ha ha ha isaw
really popped a pill sat on some dick in
a ferris wheel and ran with a dream and
hope she is not the best decision makers
but for me it's like yeah I mean yeah I
think it's ostentatious and maybe a bit
foolhardy to think that that idea to
talk about would meet Nance for Nathan
about bringing a black Coachella or a
Coachella tight black party to the hood
it sounds full already and it's easy to
judge but I actually think in the
direction of you know that whole kind of
setup where they where she left
we got Shaw and she was looking at the
other nonprofit that works with kids cuz
I I do think there is some sort of
underlying passion and working in the
community and working with children and
she can interloop that and maybe kind of
bring her idea from because of being
such a grandiose idea and kind of work
it down to a much more applicable and
community-based idea look I don't think
she's on the wrong road I just think
maybe you know but I actually think that
this somehow could work at her benefit
in a storyline so it's uh in bed with
Nathan what does it really real me like
what were the dating set up is that is
that like before I asked that we talk in
we date in I guess there's no title as I
said in the very small brothers review
hope is a very powerful drug even when
it's built off nothing and somebody
commented on
laughter he was talking about why don't
we ever talk about the how romantic
Neath it is and I'm like what has he
done that's romantic
homeboy got her to skip work trespass he
got in a fight the first interaction
with her he hasn't actually done
anything romantic for you so they've
gone on no dates out here and they're
paid but nothing it's always what up
roll up I'm here it's very convenient it
is a very much so fall into your lap
situation ship so I don't like what is
Nathan bringing to the table we don't
know and then did he go stop Cassie
ghost in her because how did Liv get in
touch with him and get a statement from
him and very well they could have gotten
there over email but I imagine that some
sort of phone conversation having to
happen where is Nathan
is he a felon is he running I just
really hope that we don't spend the next
two episodes but eat some opening round
about Nathan because you know I mean I
mean he was like a eat loki's a
pick-me-up in the storyline you know
we're moving somewhere with it I don't
need to smooth down with it you know as
much as I don't want to see her mope
around it's like we've all I mean maybe
we haven't all but I definitely have
been a person who fell too quickly and
too hard for fall in my life situation
shit but do ain't do nothing but look
into my eyes and staring them dreamily
and say something that sound real good
and I'm Opie and what up babe you know
not in love but definitely in lust and
then they dip off disappear or in
abruptly ends and then you know I'm
crying over boiled eggs you're gonna buy
all the wine cuz my feelings is hurt
girl I guess we I just want more Kelly
dough that's all you know I just don't
take up too much of the last two
episodes with it if Emma said she can't
agree cuz I gave you yeah just don't
boom you know 30 to 30 minutes per
episode okay get the most Molly
showing her ass and being able to get a
day first of all it's kind of a I feel
like
a lot of I'm happy that I can catch a
lot of the references this episode I
don't feel too old or too out-of-date
looks like a whole lot of my references
because first of all we get the records
- where are the condoms what Lawrence
captured chlamydia then with Issa
advocating for Molly to give time for
this Asian dude for whatever reason -
three years after her awkward black girl
book came out Issa raised awkward black
girl book came out people called wind
and there's a chapter in the book where
she talks about how black women in Asian
men should date in court of the
statistics and data we tend to be the
lowest on the totem pole when it comes
like dating websites and being desirably
desirable for dating in general the ankh
right crowd did come after Issa last
year so now you know it's in the
storyline and here we are and you can't
really say that East is wrong for
telling Molly to consider going on a
date with Andrew he is a very nice guy
he got swag and after she made a plum
fool of herself at Coachella he went out
of his way
she returned her Valentino jacket to her
rather than take a managed to Buffalo
Exchange collected some point on it look
integrity girl you better run with it
while you can because clearly Joe's
behind is pressed and very disrespectful
that's whole sea of woe jumping all over
the places Tiffany's
baby shower I think everything about
that set up that seeing that storyline
was so well done because one it was a
very Tiffany over-the-top self-absorbed
baby shower while still being able to
interweave and interweb and old
interwoven whatever everyone's
storylines and make everyone storylines
oh hey
roaming around this party that's dealing
with the most narcissistic and kind of
unlikable character on the show
no shame no TV from the celebrity baby
photos like girl Wow laughs Matt hard to
Issa and Lawrence reconnecting and it's
kind of like that's not like why are
they talking for but I guess you know it
is just like being able to see that they
can just talk to each other as normal
people and move on and be fine and it's
like no one's fishing for anything no
one's they're gonna dig at each other
it's like they share friends they are
able to be amicable great pool boom row
being so damn prize like you don't have
the right to be hurt
two kids is popping up being like I hope
I miss everything
Easter being like Wabash the beaches
here well and then announcing that she's
pregnant and then we find out that she's
announcing that she's pregnant at the
end through Tiffany who was a forced mad
because why would you take away any of
Tiffany's shine Tiffany's baby shower
you know 15 minutes later going back to
don't really have some nerve drove back
some nerve and I'm really home I hope
that I can maintain my happiness with
Molly truly moving on from him but also
Molly picked that bitter stick up out
y'all behind girl she was bitter and
we're better at this party
she's yeah we yeah we need some more
therapy sessions you might need a little
weed in your life says it's legal in
California she cuz I don't think the
dick is gonna solve it she needs to come
to Jesus love with herself you know we
have never when I'm wrong ability imma
gonna chill I'm gonna say if I'm a long
story short I talk to my homegirl looks
like you know she said she had been max
trying her feminine or lady I was like
what are some tips you think one of them
is this learning to be softer and then
being softer like that everything will
be okay that you do not have to control
and stress out over everything and I'm
trying to apply that in my life and
Molly doesn't so on the pass on to you
sis I hope you can get there because you
just have too much going for you
you are slammed down in them outfits
it's that baby shower outfit but I'll
block in no with your being bitter that
I didn't even notice no swag down door
and that cute you were looking good sis
so with what we want your chakras to be
aligned with your closet mm-hmm Amen all
right we begin somewhere with Kelly
Heaton first of all them lights gang
cupcakes from Gladys Knight's cookbook
with the struggle of chocolate chip so
she
she's still a nigga the one-liners Kelly
has dropped off season
Natasha showed that plays Kelly I mean
it's not even just the line that she
says what it's the way she says it it's
just the humor
I love everything about her character um
but I really really really really felt
for Kelly this episode I don't
particularly think I think Issa and
Molly are really good friends to each
other I didn't think anyone is really a
good friend to Kelly and nor have I
thought previously that Kelly was really
any good of a friend to Issa and Miley
but I do think you know she's said it
before that she does you know Molly and
east to have each other who does she
have and it is more of the way that
everyone kind of used her and treats her
and I think she's like the you know like
the strong goofy friend like we like she
is everyone knows she's funny and
irreverent and I have a friend like that
who's very humorous and very irreverent
and I do think that people might look
over her emotional well-being
am i blur Wow don't be rude but people
might look over her emotional well-being
and think oh she always is together or
she doesn't feel anything and a lot of
times that humor and that sort of a
reverence is really a guard and a layer
of protection and I think that's true
with Kelly as well that her humor is
what she uses to protect herself and
that she does when Molly and ISA to give
her the same critics same consideration
that they give each other and she
thought she had found that in Tiffany
and so for Tiffany to then blow her off
when she did offer I mean let her
Tiffany did have something because when
ran the marathon Tiffani was the one
that knew what was up with her but then
look we all have several groups of
friends whether you have a lot of
friends and now you can have all all the
three friends I promise you you get into
yellow thirties you no longer have like
a friend group that's just super
coherent it's very rare that people have
that most of us have a friend over there
a friend over there and a friend over
there
so I'm not surprised and of all people
who is very materialistic very much so
about South very much so about
appearances that Tiffany would have a
separate social circle that fits it to
her realm of how she views her economic
so and how she was use herself in
general because I'm better she date
friends cuz I got money and they like
skin say did you notice that peak and
I'm surprised that in drag
what's my call it Tiffany as being in a
sorority cuz she of all characters she
you know which one she is
the cave today
you know last episode I kind of felt
some sort of sympathy for Tiffany
addressing ISA and feeling like she was
left out what in truth is it not really
Tiffany who was leaving them out like
how much it up there and cry and
complain about them how they're gonna
leave you when you have the baby but
you've already left them and I'm not
even worried about Molly
ISA cuz I low-key feel like Milan ISA
really weren't that offended it didn't
really have too many legs in on the be
offended because I didn't actually say
that they did not offer to do that baby
shower for her but County put that
effort in and she wasn't even like at
least be up front like Kelly like if you
don't want her planning it you know you
have these brought her in I gave her
some minor minor duty but she I was
going to be a part of your life and your
removing her from that and
that is wildly unfair to Kelly but you
know I never liked me anyway so whatever
where do we think we're gonna go next
episode
Lisa ask Lawrence for hell she didn't
ask him directly for help but she's like
if you know anyone I don't know if that
was more or less just hey we have a
great conversation like you know let me
throw the empty awk ask you try to empty
awkward row and Candice being pregnant
are we gonna see more on Candice now
Molly going on this date went Wow
so disrespect I got a big head I will go
out of focus
Molly and Andrew Molly and his job cuz
we still got to get back to that but let
me know in the comments down below
why will you think the next episode is
gonna go and - what was your favorite
and funniest moment from this episode I
think that whole you better midnight
trainees coming over to the table
everything we tell them just hilarious
and Chad and a teeny fuckin whoa that
took me out I just laugh so hard this
entire episode and I enjoyed it
alright thanks for watching Kelly
