hey guys it's Josie I hope I'm in focus
I've been playing around with the camera
setting but let's get right into this
review of the second episode of Eastern
raised in cure this episode was huh
they're three if there's so many like
one-liners and funny lines in this
episode that I definitely want you to
comment down below and let me know what
was your favorite or what did you find
the most funniest line in this episode
of it secure okay let me pull up my nose
no a bad first of all the D'Angelo music
from black Messiah I am here for every
seat with Easter right in front of the
mirror is just it got me diet Khaleesi
or that other picture Khaleesi or you
need searching or Margery's with me I
feel like we'll be the only two bad
bitches really that I want to be like
from Game of Thrones cubby see or
Marjorie or you know way you know way
mother Oh Lana though let's not forget
about the original oh gee the music we
have to again give not to rocky on
physique and yes as many as you
commented salon just also I guess the
music supervisor music coordinator
putting them all into all these dope in
the LA artists it's a girl named Carrie
faux carbo she's on childish gambino
dialed I don't Glover's mixtape and she
has some videos or what YouTube if you
try to fireboard the music that is
featured I actually like this show
features quite a few faces or voices
that you would recognize from like
certain YouTube scenes in that dorm
attainment is featured of a series
various actors that have appeared in
other Eastern reproductions are in the
show and a lot of the music is easy to
find on youtube so I think this is part
of when we start talking about these
ideas that um you know with my birth of
a nation review which has it
nearly as bad I thought they're gonna be
I'm actually quite proud of how that
video that's going down um but when
people put all this stock on a singular
when people put all this stuff on a
singular like movie or film or TV show
cuz like I don't know if this fails
black people won't have any more
opportunity and I think it's not just
that a black director writer whoever
produces a show but it's also that they
bring along other black talent to help
them shine too and I think that's why I
really appreciate the work that Ava
Duvernay and some with Queens sugar if
you watch any of the recaps
on YouTube she always features like
somebody that has to work on the
production that is black and she feels
like they deserve to get more work and
with Easter raise insecure as you go
through the series if she have elite
features other up-and-coming show
runneth black writers the episode
directors actors like it really is kind
like a beautiful feeling I like the
color and I really appreciate that about
the show pussy gone past the Swan test
the eastern race anthem or Miley is your
pussy gonna pass a small pad pussy can't
pass like that oh you mean you need it
you need the Dyke pussy repair day I get
the South care
I get the one to spoil yourself make
yourself feel good because girl whoo I
feel absolutely no sympathy for Lawrence
in this episode I don't know like I felt
like Issa was wrong in how she reacted
to him but I don't know who was wrong
enough Anna deserves an apology
cuz I'm petty but I played when Lord's
called us homeboy during the game which
he should have knew whether or not that
was on because I feel like we as women
we date men and we know they're into
sports we take it
what time and when their time I'm gonna
be taken up by their team or whatever
sports team is Long Beach should have
known better you know football come on
Sunday Monday Thursday blue was I I
don't know what you know that is come on
same day every week save time he should
have known better and he got the same
treatment that man be given to us so
it's nice to know that men do it to each
other especially considering that he was
like yo let me finish watching his
hodgetwins video on our birthday let
your boy finish watch his game Lawrence
oh so am I the only one that relates to
ease of sex fantasies cuz when she said
they fail and that's the way I like to
like I was I was ready for it she just
said face down Elsa but I was like baby
still if that's the way I like yeah I
mean just me not sure though you know
whatever girl okay
this was my favorite favorite part of
the episode when Miley and Easter or
acted else line after either the
set-based fail is that I don't get a lot
of choices to say that I'm like so I
just feel like I need to take this
review just to keep saying it so after
Easter sad face fail and her Miley was
getting meals there and Miley was like
talking about online dating even though
it's funny that Molly likes Laurence
even though Lawrence doesn't have very
nice to say about Miley again negro and
her breakdown was so real and they go
through all these segments okay keep it
as free that's like the bottom of the
barrel and she's talking about tinder
and all these other apps they're showing
the date she goes on the hotel Negro
talk about my queen I just want somebody
who don't you like all these
requirements of what it means that he as
a man is setting for you to be a
it is so real I'd be telling this is why
day in is so tiring try to find an
intelligent man hey this is why I was so
hardcore about like in history right bro
because it's a historical issue a dating
hard when Negros be consuming this BS
and then trying to throw it back in yo
face or set standards for you to live by
based on like nine banks i wasn't time
for that they can't say netflix on the
show i guess they say everything
alluding to the net Netflix and chill
this is the second episode second time
when they made reference to Netflix and
chill they when I said they say red box
and chill or he said something else said
show I was like but I'm mad he dumped
her like he could just take her to the
beach
he couldn't have lightning her you want
a queen but you ain't got time to have
somebody grow but you want that Queen to
help you bro come again
so this is where ESA's jobs gets
interesting the fact that she's the only
black employee and when her friend and
when Molly asked her is she gonna
prepare for her presentation and she's
like now I'm gonna wing it they don't
know no better so you don't like being
the only black employee but you're going
to take advantage of the book being the
only black employee and not in a way is
really productive to your career thank
you but this overzealous silk twinsies
jacket Twizy whatever that might be say
Oh garlic I get it she annoying and she
overzealous but she's not always wrong
and he said we'll have to figure out how
to work with old girl because sometimes
her ideas be on point even though you
know they'd be a little bit like white
Savior complex going oh don't worry I
her to sit there and one of you like I
mean utilize her you know I feel
privileged as the only black employee
where she wears white girl be having
these good ideas but doesn't know how to
express them in a PC politically correct
manner yummy and we hope that in ho yo
Sam bill girl check out what was old
girls staying at the table when each
into her presentation and the lady that
was on her phone was talked about we
could just lemonade and he and lemonade
I was like it should you try it a free
meal out of this trip like what is she
talk
why are you doing and Molly goes on a
date when I do I just do from the league
from another dating and he was
funny-looking to me anyway so I was like
ooh girl but I guess he's tall and like
a little bit of brolic so that's what we
going for wait like he just was giving
me Curious George VI's and I was not
million over the top way he was like you
trying to huh and I'm swayed okay
yeah I gotta get it this is funny yeah
like this is funny but like that was so
overdone fun who wrote that line did it
have to be that overnight was it that
like I was mmm I don't I didn't really
this is the one seen the way they ended
it I didn't really understand I don't
understand why Molly had to tell her you
were typing because I broke my pussy I
don't know why she's so vocal to men
cookie about her vagina I would have had
so many other choice words for this man
I would not be acknowledging my
desperation in that moment I would have
had all the bravado there would have
been no me acknowledging any sort of
desperation or technology that any part
of my body is broke because he what is
that like I don't I didn't get the you
broke up I didn't like I ain't I don't
know maybe if you got it let me know in
the comments down below but that is all
I have on this episode what was the
outro it did you like it what was your
favorite line I am just so happy so much
great television and check out my review
for the first we I just posted at
Whataburger
any hope if you like these reviews be
sure to thumbs up check out my review
for episode 1 is curious but and share
of course telling your friends about
insecure tell anyone back to my brown
girl movement subscribe if you have not
already and shops for Bronco that calm
