hey guys it's Josie and as always I am
late again
but I did say that I wanted to do
reviews of insecure the new HBO series
by Easter a because I am absolutely in
love with it and I meant to actually put
this review up before the premiere this
Sunday but girl as always I'm just I'm
so just recognized I have too much going
on and I'm just overwhelmed and I spend
so much time in my day trying to get
over feeling overwhelmed to that here we
are I have seen the first four episodes
of insecure and bra it is absolutely
good so hopefully I will be able to get
these up either Sunday after it airs or
probably because I West Coast time I'm
just gonna put these up on Monday
morning and we can have a lovely quiche
about the awesomeness that is ISA rays
HBO series it's secure so let's just get
right into the dose that I have on this
first episode how many ways could I have
that I absolutely loved this series I'm
just so happy there's so much good TV on
even though it's adding to my
overwhelming so you asked me to review
everything if my girl no that's not what
we're here for
I thought the music in like Raphael
Saadiq it has his hands in all the
blackest black projects from this year
he did underground he worked on so on
just to see the table
he's on Atlanta and Queen sugar is yeah
yeah I believe I believe he's on Atlanta
he's definitely our music supervisor for
Queen sugar and now with insecure my man
is staying busy hey ZZ come holla at
your girl they opened up with Kendrick
Lamar's alright which just gives me hype
off GP like we don't wanna be on and I'm
not even that big of a fan ik I've like
la west coast music but I feel like they
do a really good job at picking music
that goes with the vibe of the sea
and adds a soft touch overall overall
with this series and I feel like you can
feel this in the first episode they give
a lot of stuff touches and knives to
young adult black American experience
into our culture and just the nuances
that we have within our community the
little kids actively getting in the
classroom a girl down low racially
ambiguous girls talking about who's
checking for it better as black women I
would just smack the livelihood out of
her do teenagers really be acting like
this
I have no favorite reference for how
teenagers act
2060 cuz I those are things that I don't
do actually I follow Jackie on his
little brother on snapchat and he's a
teenager he is hilariously obnoxious so
I guess from what I see how his that
that the portrayal because the classroom
is pretty realistic because I think he
was it right in there girl
happy straight lost weight since I'm
where black girls that she's looking
real like together and I was looking at
her outfits my girl
I want that bomber jacket she had the
blue one with the flywheel on it it's
not overdone it's not love and hip hop
it's not even a single lady but it
doesn't place like it - this Instagram
fatty hi look like it's so very genuine
and unique to the diversity of black
women and us being our own people and I
just like that Miley I used to have very
different styles but they're also very
well dressed without being overstated
you feel me are you feeling me some of
the things I'm awkward black girl
definitely carry over into insecure with
Esau Organa nonprofit in a school
setting and be whole being the token
black girl and having a Rachel Dolezal s
quite boss who thinks she down by girls
she's entirely out of touch and I know
where I love the character of Molly and
maybe I'm biased I went to college with
Joran and I don't think there's a single
person on earth that's the best thing to
say about your modeling she
there's all the buses that are coming
her way cool to see somebody who I knew
in a different frame of like kind of
blossoms like this star it's just so
dope
Lawrence o East the bar boyfriend
Lawrence I'm gonna talk about further
episodes but I thought but what I will
say is I enjoy the complexities of the
characters nobody on this show it's
particularly 2-dimensional or simple
characters and with ISA in this opening
episode and Lourdes our birthday talking
about let me finish watch this video
high winds we have red box and shoe
niggas what did what is you doing
it's ISA the reaction necessarily right
in that she's been bottling up her kind
of frustration in the relationship and
in him and his career and him kind of
lagging around and not really going
anywhere at the moment and for her to
kind of Bob asked him like that okay
we're broken up but like she's not being
articulate she's not being upfront with
him
so is she she's not slightly wrong for
how she feels but I don't know that
she's Nestle right yet how she reacts
right the broken line is AB girl
Holly and ESA's relationship is so
similar to so many of my friendships or
my homegirls I feel like everyone is
gonna have a piece of that relationship
that they relate to I literally want my
ring toe to be red Molly said for
stopping it she whispered that under her
breath so strongly and like boom I was
like that's exactly how we be talking
with our friends like you did not just
do that to me like I have a moment with
you and you're really like you're not
paying attention like you're not here
with me right now
best friend where you a other Negro is
it named Eenie
there's always at least one character on
the show whose names I forget I took
notes but I didn't take notes of a guy
because to me when he's not really even
at attractive and he's just giving me
 boy vibes off top but you know what
you want we make it we've all made less
than decisions in a moment of emotional
weakness in being frustrated in life and
feeling like it's just not going at the
pace where we want it to go and I assure
you things on like that cranes in the
sky moment I tried to sex it away put
one in the air you remember that I feel
like that was like the build-up of this
first episode especially between Issa
and Laurence and then heart kind of
turned into this as I do who she no
ain't no good in I don't really care
it's all do this conversation of black
women we do it in any tight way about
black men who choose today others
because I don't pay them no mind then
I'll be on my weight radar I'm not
worried oh like okay I never seen a
black man with a non black woman why
wants it I've just never ever been
worried about none of these Negroes but
I definitely feel like it's a storyline
where there's a lot of possibilities for
comedy and it will be interesting to see
how they flush it out I'm gonna just put
y'all online keep an eye out on Jerry
there's gonna be a lot to discuss with
him a girl I'm looking up said the only
ever the first four episodes I've
watched them like two or three times
already like it's like that's how much I
enjoy this show like it's just so well
done and thought-out and it's really
great to see reflections of ourselves
that are so human I think about this we
just get to the point where we get to be
regular we get to be everyday we get to
be ourselves and exhale and
moment and this if the car just feels so
good is so funny and III in the bathroom
talking to that Berra you know putting
the different lipsticks all I try to
like get what is the word spunky I don't
sexy body
but you work all that you know like
we've all had these moments if you have
not watched already or if you don't have
HBO the first episode is on YouTube on
Easter rays YouTube channel I have a
link down below description box in the
I've above go watch it get your giggles
get your life get you HP on for tomorrow
do like do like you would do it Game of
Thrones long and I mean get your
boyfriend HBO go log in or get the HD
HBO subscription pack for the month and
support the awesome smart brown girl
that is Issa Rae and give out where she
all the black women that came together
to make insecure possible let me know
what was your favorite line in this
first half was not like favorite line or
scene what did you relate to the most
and what did you find the most funny let
me know in the comments down below and I
will see y'all next Monday okay and I'm
gonna start trying to write more because
I need to flex my writing get a lot
easier beautiful and reduced those up on
the blog post guys
