hey guys it's Josie and lo I'd be a
glass of motivation this is Italy but
let's just get right into it
Solange's a suit at the table it must be
discussed oh Solange's new album is like
tableau of the simplicity the
complexities of ulnar abilities of the
intersections of being a black woman
it's an art piece that not only sits in
the hallway of good music but you know
as they like to say it is sonically
pleasing it in wraps you in an
experience like look at me this is how I
feel you know who like I could have been
in the case of this guy video but it's
story where words melodies and layers
construct a narrative that is genuine to
some Ronda's evolving identity but it
also feels like she made the mundaneness
of our everyday experience delightfully
beautiful deep especially for Solange as
someone who people just for the longest
time didn't necessarily understand the
creativity I don't even think that it's
just that people talked about her just
marginally because I didn't understand
her creativity but also because they
didn't feel like it was genuine or like
it had married and she did she proved to
you without proving to you and I feel
like a seat at the table
is the verification that she never
needed it's not like she sought out to
be verified or taken seriously by these
audience of people who always found ways
to make fun of her as Beyonce's little
sister but it is that she made something
so genuine and 1/8 to her and it is just
so real honest and amazing that we have
to give her her due now chaste natural
and she snaps respect that she always
deserted from you and it is amusing to
watch men and other basic folk trip over
this as just another nuts and berries
coconut oil rules the world
see so let's rise together her Piazza
black womanhood and the right to just be
through the narration of masterpiece the
original purveyor of hood rich another
person whose praise has often been
chided as the poor man's offering if we
want to call that praise the legacy of
no-limit is often left understated to
how we change the business of hip Hirsi
Miller dropped some gems especially in
this year where you just want to flush
yourself down the toilet cause that's
how bad this year's felt in talking
about how black kids don't have rehab we
don't have the access to mental health
care our self-care really comes down to
us take us taking care of ourselves of
him understanding that if a white man or
a D man could come and offer him a
million dollars and everyone around him
is taking that cuz that's the most money
they've ever seen he knows that he's
really worth more than that and then for
everyone who was alluding to a seat at
the table making you one too greasy old
lady scout with shea butter or break out
the shea butter salon is not only
exultant master p but she close out the
album with her and kalila singing
praises and sotto voce to hood niggas I
mean I can't see so I'm not even gonna
try to hit off the notes off-key she's
saying it's so soft and melodically that
I know you might have missed the words
where she's basically light but it
basically gave me the super melodic part
to to Erykah Badu's other side of the
game sure Solo has the franca system are
instead sex is a bundle of stage and the
energy crystals full moon ritual is five
but she gives the bottle of vegetable
glycerin on her person because loose
you never know and white papers are
classy when she has a favorite flavor of
swishes and none of this is put on it's
just the dynamics of who she chooses and
has every right to be so many of the
songs on the seat of the table speak to
not allowing anyone else to define her
outside of how she chooses to define
herself I don't think all the
comparisons to Beyonce's lemonade are
unfair I am of the persuasion that a
good bit of bass will Kinesis VA has
been preempted by Solange they both
released blackest pop albums this year
are wrapped around the intersectionality
of black the identity of black women
that tap cleanly on the evolution of our
emotional self but it's pointless to
pair them as competition one is not
better than the other and while they
start up some of the grounds they both
do evolve into different arenas with
lemonade exploring the function of self
within a relationship and a see the
table sticking with self as in I Sam
Tina did a good job
it's crazy I've been dealing with a good
bit of depression and anxiety this year
and one of the ways for me to work
through that is to remind myself every
morning to wake up when I wake up or
just throughout the day is to play music
and the album that I have been playing
the most Reese as a recently has been
many reporting's adventures in paradise
and a seat at the table is like a bridge
between that album and tweets a southern
hummingbird and so folks may be quick to
say that Solange doesn't have much of a
range but her voice isn't manufactured
she creates music that she can carry
live and it's a talent when you look at
the layering and the melodies and the
complexities of her songs I remember the
day that I walked into the Christiana
Mall and purchase Raphael Saadiq instant
vintage you should be here
beneath me to feel me to heal me with
that face line in the background the way
Raphael Saadiq
structures the chords the composition of
his music it just translate so well and
crazy this guy in most of the album
where he's featured on it where he
handle some of the production and all
the what the miss of 2016 our
ability to celebrate the mundaneness of
the everyday black experience whether
it's Atlanta exploring what it is to be
black millennial and broke or Queens
sugar making this the everyday regular
family dynamic in the south
beautiful and vibrant and a
cinematography or insecure hilariously
covering the single black female and the
black female who's in between the highs
and lows of love but both are career
minded and just such a it's so regular
but hilarious and out the hijinks or
overdramatic storyline though and look
and explore and be relieved of the
everyday frustration and struggles that
we have I see that the table plays into
that same ethos or craze in the sky or
even mad was the song you didn't even
know you needed to allow you to exhale
and say give me a minute it uncovers the
 you was trying to hide through
Instagram filters I wanted to be mad at
the interface titling of mag don't touch
my hair or FUBU but Solange titled that
for the John Carr Monica's to give them
no room for assumptions and I have a
funny story about rolling up on John
Carr Monica thank you so much for
validating my opinion in the tiling
forces you to put some respect on it
absolutely positively need a video for
booboo I'm putting in my request now
highly enjoy Solange
dance out hard as
how in the don't touch my hair video
especially at higher and sample are
having their own little church if
all-white stump it not area song that
you would see yourself Millie rocking -
but it's so pure and genuine to salons
this is her giving her all and it means
so much to her that it just makes so
much sense and you get it you feel it
you're like right there with her like
Solange pulls from our inspirations in
such a beautiful way and then she has
tweet provide background vocals on the
album she samples alia in two different
songs and loops in new up-and-coming
artists and then some of our favorite
underrated artists working with all the
bang the dev Hines Sam fuh who I spent
way too much time trying to figure out
what his FST was he's from Sierra Leone
Sam for justice I mean looks like if you
shaved his head he could be any of y'all
inclusive serving in the Executive Board
as one of the current presidents Oh with
Africa I think that's a large got us all
in our fields evaluating our sense of
self reveling in the joy of life we hope
no one would ever metal through because
FA we have to admit that growing and
evolving is hard as hell and you want a
moment to not only exhale and say it out
loud but for someone to acknowledge the
struggles that you have gone through and
acknowledge just the feelings that you
are so complicated for you to deal with
what you're dealing with them in the
best way that you know how for someone
to give that some sort of legitimacy I
know that I ran into quite a few
situations this year where I've been
explaining my feelings or how I'm trying
to work through something and I get
irritated because people are so good oh
you'll be fine
oh you're looking in the wrong way oh
don't be so negative and it's like
everyone loves the Solange I will but so
many of y'all I know in real life have
been that don't be so negative so and
what she's saying is they'll get these
are real ass feelings give me a moment
to process them understand that I need
and have every right and give me that
privilege to process this moment and
work through these feelings I'm trying
to tell me that I'm wrong for feeling
the
that I feel or hurry me along in my
evolution like imma imma beat me if you
need to get off this ride because I'm
too much don't worry I'm going to keep
going she's telling you about the glory
that she has and you can either stay on
the ride and see that glory blossom into
something beautiful we can get Gobbo
Solange attended Hosanna were so many of
us only see frustration and she did this
all with out slicked down baby hair she
is team frizzy edges and I love her for
just loving herself so much through all
the negativity and slander that she has
faced in the mainstream you know and so
thank you
Solange for allowing us to fill you and
really feel ourselves a little deeper
