hey guys it's Jules e-rep it for all the
smart brown girls you know it only takes
one minute and 34 seconds to register to
vote girl it takes me longer to make
sure my eyebrows have reached their
maximum level of sweetness like in the
goethe this 2016 election cycle mercury
in retrograde police training black
folks like their strange fruit on the
popular tree every other day wishing you
could call out black because becoming a
hashtag in the name of black lives
matter is the worst way to learn of a
person's legacy we are all collectively
exhausted then you look up at your
options like how did we get here will be
a kata buzz no seriously that's the
zinger it's not just to register to vote
in November 2016 it's registered to vote
and vote locally this is the first year
that Millennials are equal to the
percentage of voting age baby boomers
for the presidential election
historically less than fifty percent of
us Millennials make it to the polls
compared to sixty nine percent of baby
boomers and the average age of voters in
mayoral elections is 60 you want to see
a revolution cuz whatever this is is not
your slice of the American dream then
City Hall County judges governor's
district attorneys and sheriff's cannot
be decided simply by those who were born
when dwight eisenhower was president
bruh and the President cannot pass
policy on the issues that matter to your
livelihood that book the establishment
if your local politicians don't care
about your livelihood so gobo stay
invested and keep voting on down back
