hey guys juicy and I'm giving you quite
the look with this head wrap because
this video is brought to you by another
smart brown girl own brand CeCe's closet
I have on the in catch a head wrap and
choker set
she has sets of African print head wraps
that come with a head wrap in choker
repetitive much choker isn't really my
style but I'm absolutely loving this
wrap I can't even get the full height of
my like hair into this look if you're
wondering about my hair I have a whole
video on that the eye and link down
below but yes if you're looking for some
really vibrantly colored like I'm really
loving the color that's especially
because it goes with my smart brown girl
red shirt that I have it rocked in some
time now this is cute I will be getting
a lot of wear out of this head wrap and
I have a coupon code down below
description box so you can get a
discount on your first purchase with CCS
closet thank you girl for sponsoring
this episode look how cute the little
wrapper that this came in is loving I've
been getting this question quite a bit
and am i late on this topic because
everyone over it already
about YouTube's new updated monetization
policy so I guess about two weeks ago
one of the popular that was tweeting
upsettingly at YouTube about their new
monetization policy because now non
family-friendly videos will be
demagnetized and you are notified on the
back end of youtube so i have not had
this experience and I do pretty like
matter-of-fact up front mediocre white
woman videos I have not had any of my
video content where I'm discussing black
lives matter
protesting my views on politics and
white patriarchy and racism and none of
that stuff I have not had any of my
videos D monetize really how do I feel
about the new policy I'm not that
concerned because I really don't make
money on YouTube to begin with and I
feel like Kat Blaque
either she touch on this own Twitter or
in the actual video that she didn't on
this topic but we are not in the popular
silo and other times I do kind of feel
like I picked the wrong platform to
launch smart brown girl on or does I
pick the wrong platform to be on in
general
because I don't know that I get the sort
of read ability that my peers do who do
similar who's talked about similar
things but or on different platforms
whether they're on Twitter or they have
blogs or they're using Facebook none of
which you can monetize in the same way
that YouTube allows you to monetize so
even though I make little money on
YouTube the fact that I make any money
at all through their native Adsense
program is a lot more than I could say
for any of the other platforms that
they're on but when I look at who my
counterparts are and the sort of success
that they have found on different
platforms it's like that yeah I mean the
ID is there my today it largely just
comes down to a lot of people don't
believe that black women especially over
25 watch YouTube and my numbers donuts
please say that that theory is wrong so
yeah but like last month I did Veda and
I did 24 videos in the month of August I
did not do 31
that's essentially me putting up a video
every day Monday through Friday and
taking the weekends off and since I do
broach more difficult topics the
research the scripting the recording the
editing and then posting and making sure
all your SEO is together
it's a 40-hour workweek for me to do
Veda I didn't even break $2,000 like I
could make more money gave me a
part-time job at McDonald's then I could
trying to make money off of assets on
YouTube even people with larger
platforms that get more views like in
the 50 60 100 K per video but the
YouTube Adsense coin is cute but it's
not substantial and it's not really
providing you the level of income that
you deserve for the amount of work that
it goes into producing a certain quality
of video so what somebody who's really
successful on YouTube is doing is being
strategic about their brand partnerships
and sponsorships and for whatever reason
when it comes to other black women on
YouTube the term sponsorship our
audience tends to read into as a
negative and I don't think there's
anything wrong with people utilizing
sponsorships that their audience would
actually care about like I like watching
especially the other young black women
that are flourishing on you
like the Jackie I Nina's and the J
liqueur eons because it's just great to
see black women who are very focused on
their work ethic and for them to succeed
in a silo that is so dominated by
teenagers and mediocrity and you know
WIPO I think there's several things that
kind of make it harder for me here on
the YouTube platform but this is why you
constantly hear me talking about the
patreon the ShopSmart Brown girl I have
two books that are out available for
purchase because they're not really even
supplementing my income that's not
what's providing for my life is like I
work outside of this whole space to
provide for myself but that's what
allows me to keep doing YouTube videos
in general because I don't even make
enough money to sustain continually make
taking the financial investment that it
takes to produce a certain level of
YouTube videos and so all that money
goes back into the legal aspect of it
the production the technology aspect it
all comes right back into allowing jewel
Z to be even be a thing on YouTube what
I get a lot of and it's kind of hard to
stay focused and positive in this space
because when you I'm getting a lot of
lately how can you enter into our
contest where you produce a video and
market our brand for free to your
audience for a chance to win X amount of
dollars and it has been from a wide
breadth of very notable companies that
have contacted me like oh we love your
content and we would love if you enter
into our contest that is being judged by
one of your YouTube peers and I'm like
like what do you what do you do with
that well I'm not concerned about the
update to the monetization policy on
YouTube
you know I had already been working
towards finding avenues to move outside
of this YouTube space with the podcast
being number one which is why your
patreon support matters so much to me
been working towards blogging more in
doing more blogs to accompany the more
difficult and complex topics that I do
here on YouTube and I was making some
decent money off of my
blocker network that just randomly out
of nowhere shut down on Thursday like so
shout-out to this full moon in Virgo and
mercury in retrograde at the same damn
time because now I'm just looking like
oh but mode media shutting down abruptly
on Thursday with no warning there's been
no email as we know update that was a
big chunk of my income and it's just now
it's gone and I'm kind of sitting here
like hmm so what we gonna do man this is
like 50 million different table we gotta
touch it on this video and I could have
broken it down into individual videos so
and the comments down below
did I mention something that you would
like me to talk more about let me know
in the comments oh and I didn't even
mention this I left my youtube network
last month like so much has just been
like whoo shoosh in the past like month
and a half I left makers and I was
watching my I gotta do a whole nother
video on this because I was watching one
of my old tech Tuesday videos where I
talked about being a brown girl on a
network and I was so excited to be
signed to the platform and makers and I
was so happy with the effort that they
were putting in at that point I've been
like six months into my contract at that
point um and that's over a three-year
relationship that's pretty much the only
effort that they put into it I got close
to nothing out of that relationship and
so I got to go back and talk about again
kind of being in this file oh because I
know a lot more people are want to
spread their wellness and their
intellect and their intelligence across
the internet and they're trying to
figure out how to go about that so I
guess that's another topic that I can
approach but um yeah girl
the I already knew this YouTube money
thing wasn't really a it ain't a long
game for Josie deuces showing the smart
Bond girl producer circle for 2 to 5
dollars or more you can support smart
brown girl in abling the movement to
become a community of resources that
benefits you and women of color around
the world and help to launch the smart
brown girl podcasts tour scholarship
fund and flourishing community of
awesome smart brown girls visit
patreon.com/scishow see and become a
smart brown girl patron today you can
also support by shopping smart brown
girl or grabbing your copy of Julie's
foresee natural hair guy ebook and/or
her first published
send it on a collection of short stories
