hey guys it's Josie and we're going to
get into all the details of my hair if
you follow me on snapchat you seen the
locks that I have had installed and I
have been getting a ton of messages that
I haven't responded to because I'm like
I'm going to do a whole video on this
duh about my faux locs that I crocheted
into my hair I have twelve packs of the
bobby boss Senegal full lock dreads on
some of the packaging it also says
bumble locks but these are the skinniest
locks available by bobby boss they are
in 20 inches I have colors 1 1b and
number two all mixed in here and I got
the hair from elevate Styles calm I
searched high and low for this hair it's
like sold out in so many places and
elevate Styles was the only place that I
could get it for this weekend because I
have a wedding to go to tomorrow if I
actually make it at this point it is
pretty long it goes down to my breast
plate if I first installed it I wasn't
really too keen on the look because the
locks were just straight and they are
released it that's like my one complaint
I've had them in for 3 days now
they were super stiff and just straight
and it looks it just did it I like it
wasn't doing anything for me and it was
really flat even though I had 12 packs
installed so I attempted to curl on by
rolling them in flexi rods and dipping
it in hot water I am like the worst hot
water curler ever because clearly
there's no like real curl there are 12
pre looped individual locks in a pack
and so I have 12 packs installed that
means I have what 144 is my math girl
that's about 12 times 12 yeah 144 locks
are installed in my head is not heavy
they are a little itchy so I might
suggest like doing it a Seabee rinse in
order to soften them in general before
you put them in I did not at my scalp
I've just been doing a lot of Pattie
I am NOT doing a how-to tutorial because
there are just so many online already
when I install this I follow like the
current goat of crocheting beauty can
braid
I will link down below and the I in this
video to the video by beauty Kim braids
that I follow I also followed her
braiding pattern so I have small braids
going to the side and going up in the
back so that so that if I decide to put
up in a ponytail it looks more discrete
I'm not really bothered if people can
tell us this crochet
I think the crochet aesthetic is in
overall and it still looks good on me
I'm so I did not do the crochets as
close to the edge as Beauty can't braid
doesn't hurt videos see because I don't
want to lose my edges I'm not trying to
be cute with the style and take it out
and got no edges you see I already all
this like scam for head girl ain't even
trying to have no more the hair came
really quickly from elevate styles I
have two packs left over because I went
at 14 and these have the purple at the
end I could not find these in purple all
the way through what everything Bob else
is always out of like the color keep my
protective thousand for a six to eight
week no I use the Carol's Daughter honey
mimosa scalp cleanser and that works
great on my scalp I have also been using
the tension braid spray again awesome to
braid my hair down I use the coils by
Nature moisturizing gel is not a gel
actually has hold in it but it holds in
the moisture that's already in your hair
so use a moisturizing product under it
and that on top I just use it to refresh
my hair because I moisturize my hair
like two weeks ago and it was still
pretty moisturize and then I use that to
seal it in I actually use the gel when I
moisturize my hair I use the UM the my
honey child honey moisturizer on my hair
and it's going great girl my sister
braided my hair down for me she's like
heal your scalp it's looking really good
I'm like I know I have you taking really
good care of it so let me know in the
comments down below do you like it I
think the next time I do with style like
this I do plan on wearing a crochet
style for when I go to Thailand and I'm
going to keep it for Christmas so for
Thailand I'm pretty sure I'm going to do
the wider locs I purposefully one of the
skinny locks because I wanted something
that looked more realistic and I like
this look
on me but you see the knots on this are
really thick and there's no way to like
discreetly high the knots on this really
I'm not so bothered by
as I said I could did it closer up but
you know edges and I think the crochet
look is in style but now that I have
this in I'm kind of I think I think I've
warmed up to the thicker um
the thicker lock look the actual thicker
bobby boss Bumba and a few other brands
have the thicker so key you're looking
for locks that I want to try because you
could also pull those apart and have
curly hair after there's no pulling
these apart it's gotta be saying it
takes like two hours to do these and I
was like I have the shortest attention
span ever it should be all day I've all
day to put these ridiculous a behind
this shot smart brown girl deuces
