hey guys it's josie and i'm here with my
nephew what's your name miles this is
miles he is how old and how old you are
you're three just turn three and we have
some jelly beans and we're gonna do all
did I pick a broke the thing already
mommy come here open this for us please
are you excited yeah oh it stinks it
already so we got it right you ready
that can either be moldy cheese or cow
more corn what is that what is it what
is that does it taste good what's it
taste like my eye open oh that's moldy
cheese it tastes good way you just
taking all of them taste good you gonna
spit it out city looks so nasty now what
you're doing there be oh this is the
same way oz caramel corn okay that one's
either lawn clippings or lime it's
fueled visit froo to taste good
and I think you got a bloodline yeah
that's line oh you want the blue 1i
that's either toothpaste or berry blue I
think he'll probably like both of them
all right and I have a brown one and
it's either Oh canned dog food or
chocolate pudding pudding neither which
john just paisita me out of white
chocolate pudding I don't even know what
that was oh that's so nasty what is that
what is it if playground playground ok
you can spit it out you can spit them
out in the car put them in here I have a
plastic bag don't put it back you don't
touch it don't know don't play with it
we have why do you want the white one is
either spoiled milk or coconut milk this
board or a meal or coconut taste it tell
me what it is it's a meal and it tastes
good is it coconut you don't know yeah
no clue
dead fish or strawberry banana
strawberry banana smoothie okay so he's
together the same time you take that one
too yeah yep so yours is either
strawberry banana smoothie or dead fish
and mine is either booger or juicy pear
ready mm-hmm match not just eat it yeah
what's yours oh gosh oh what Oh what is
your at all boo he likes all of his this
container stinks your take that so that
one don't put it in your mouth yet
either okay forget it peach or barf go
ahead and mines is either coconut or
spoiled milk
spit it out I don't don't in here why
you gotta look in your just throw it in
there
would you just put back in your mouth
yeah we both got the same color okay
this is either lawn clippings or lime
ready set go they're like one green
grass is an aftertaste bag what's it
taste like it tastes like fruit mm-hmm
there's no telling hello is either
rotten egg or buttered popcorn yeah
what's it taste like mmm cooling it
tastes like corn is it good no you don't
like popcorn
your designer to paste are very blue and
mines is either barf or peach ready 123
Alan would you let's discuss it oh
that's so bad how's you Horace very
thick oh okays either barn or peach is
peach he's all smell horrible you sure
wait tell me what the flavor is for your
blue playground
take like the playground mm-hmm how do
you know that playground taste lights
that's how did you enjoy the bean
boozled challenge it was very good you
don't even know what these flavors are
thank you for watching I'm gonna leave
these here with his mother they know you
know what them deuces deuces ah
