hey guys it's Josie and I'm back with
another video in this video I'm gonna do
something that I did with my mother
previously me and my dad have a bit of a
different relationship so this is going
to be extra interesting I get awkward
questions with my mom off of an ad that
I had on my iPhone so I have my old life
and it's called the end and it's
questions that it's supposed to open you
up get you're vulnerable this might be a
little tense
considering who they talking to our
relationship but we are gonna play the
parent/child version and we're gonna ask
each other these questions and we are
gonna be as open and honest and
non-judgmental as possible here you
ready dad is this to relax you can't say
no what do you think I'm learning from
you I know I don't know what you learn
for me but I know you didn't learn this
okay you're learning how to be an old
grumpy old man that's what you're like
what what did I learn from you growing
up that oh you where you learn quite a
bit even though you resist it you learn
you learn how to cook what have you
learned about me during this presence
okay well since neither of us are
pregnant we're gonna skip to the next
minute pause what do you admire most
about me I admire that you're very
talented and I think there was nothing I
remember you something that I did
actually learn from you is you always
told us that there's never there's
nothing that we really can't do it's
really just about taking the time
reading the instructions first and
figuring it out from there you always
taught us to be very resourceful what is
your favorite memory of us and why is it
important to you oh there's not just one
favorite one it started from even before
you were born I used to read to you and
sing to you why you were still in the
way you like DJ Khaled like oh my mom's
belly like I love you yes I would I even
tell it is
no I have no idea but I was on your
mom's tummy and you would move whenever
but like Pacific memory when you and
when you were delivered in the hospital
my birth birth you were crying you came
out crying to beat the band and and and
I was just in awe you the doctor said
dad your baby I said oh you stopped
crying as soon as you heard my voice and
your little even though you couldn't see
me your little head was trying to find
which direction that voice was coming
and that's important to you because
that's important to me because that was
the beginning of a wonderful thing yes
you what do you think is my issue with
money can't keep it um you are from this
south and I think you are I don't know
I'm a very direct person so this is not
meant to be harsh but I think your your
simple but not in a stupid way your
simple in a you like a simple lifestyle
and so to me it took a long time for me
to process because I always thought it
was like for all your skills you never
had the ambition behind it that I
thought you should have in order to like
really really make something of it I was
never taught to manage money to that's
something I had to learn on my own being
happy is not about making money happy
I'm happy because the people who love me
I'm happy because I'm still alive and I
can still in joy life and I still think
I and all of that have the aptitude for
learning to think differently about
things I may have felt negatively about
before well that that's definitely true
yes what do you enjoy the most about
working with me and the least I don't
think I've really worked with you that
much since you're growing up I was going
to help me do my homework yeah everybody
do their homework yeah oh well I I
definitely enjoyed reading reading to
you guys what I enjoyed most is when you
were able to even when you resist it you
were still able to give me your opinion
now always insisted that you be
respectful and giving those opinions
what I liked a lot was your children
assessment of me as a father we love you
we love you yeah you love me would you
let me know how you feel
yeah because I love being a father
I love having someone to come home to
and take care wait for you as you pulled
up in the driveway yeah home that earn
one day and told me that you were gonna
cremate you in it and I still vividly
remember you bringing home that black
cause I'd be like oh that was me that
was very mean we were studying the Book
of Revelations
Isaac Kingdom all so talk about death
with Sarah greater sound very
inappropriate but when do you think I
learned about this I know y'all knew I
had a serious hang-up about the
afterlife in dead I'm not afraid of
death okay neither am I now but I ate it
was a different story how does our
financial situation affect our
relationship
mine prevents me from coming to see you
as often as I like
I think I feel bad that I can't provide
or do more for the family
at my age well what do you think about
me I feel even at my age I feel I should
have something to show for all the years
of hard work mm-hmm what is a mistake
you see me repeated me make repeatedly
and why do you think I keep making it
basically when I saw you at my mom's
after my talk to you after my mom's
funeral you seem to have matured also
recently I matured
just like mind you your mother no but
the last time I saw you in Florida
everything was about this time when I
saw you about saw you everything was not
time you saw me I was dealing with your
brother and this time I realized I'm
just not gonna deal with him yeah that
was the change it was I'm not going to
argue with Donald he is a conspiracy
theorist to the nth degree
well at least you came to conclusion in
what way do you think you add to my
happiness because you love to be loved
and I love your lives and I let you know
I love you and no matter how much you
push back you act like you don't care I
know you care
well you said bring me flowers while I'm
still living yes so I give you flowers
and all my love how do I inspire you you
run into a roadblock you figure out how
to get under it
over it or around it so we both like
each other's resourcefulness mm-hmm and
I answer so you you you instilled in me
to be resourceful and my resourcefulness
inspires you it's like a full circle yes
it does what's the most fun you had with
me and why I would be two for two I used
to ride on the back of your bicycle mmm
remember being in the little ice I was
so cool I have a little howl
you know what is the call I got no kids
child seat on the on the back of the
bike and we were ride and then I still
have the clowns that we bought when we
went did we go to the circus or I think
it was right around time Tatiana was
born and you took me to get ceramic
crown clowns and I remember because you
know the candy that's behind the glass
can't answer my mama cheap right we
couldn't never get the candy behind the
chocolate so I got to be cut up and
stuff the pretzels that I like stacked
up underneath the glass and you let me
get white chocolate covered pretzels
from behind
not the pre-bagged ones the ones behind
the glass describe a moment moment that
changed the direction of your life this
one was because I don't want to say
anything negative about your mom I guess
I don't really have to I was all about
family I thought we had a good thing
going but unfortunately
when your mom divorced me yeah I think
that definitely you know I think you hit
it it's you hit a bump in the depression
road and then it kind of spiraled down
from there mm-hmm are you crying are you
still sad about it no just like I said
when you talk about your past that's
something I would like to forget you
gonna be okay yeah okay I love you Malia
don't cry don't cry for me Argentina the
truth is I never left you all through my
wild days decision yeah
something you want my promise where's
what was the moment you felt closest to
me when I got in an argument with mom
and fifth grade cuz she wanted my mother
doesn't know how to do here am i I was
born with the head full of hair and I
had baby hairs up and I was like - I
mean it's like poof it went neck right
mother couldn't figure it out save her
life and she just like she just was she
just doing childish styles on my hair
and in fifth grade we got in a fight
because she wanted to style my hair
it was curls similar to this and then
she wouldn't do the ponytail in the
middle with all the rest down around it
and I'm like I'm nine nine year olds
don't go to class like that I want a bun
dude call it a top night now it was
called a bun do back in my day all young
thug 1-8 was a bun dude and she swore up
and down my head was too big my hair was
too nappy clinking oh it's too big it's
too coarse couldn't get it all in one
ponytail and I'm like all right well -
so she's like all right - and she would
do two right here and here and I went
one up top one of them with the half up
half half a head mmm top bottom cuz that
was a swag right that this this is not
swag
this was swag she wasn't feeling me
right and she was like you got too much
mouth think you wrong you want
your own hair do your own hair and I
went okay fine cuz I can do it better
than you always have to have a last word
syndrome that was me but you came and
you save the day and you did my hair and
that bun do that I wanted hmm he was
like all it takes is some patience you
broke out that blue magic and you
swooped up my naps and to that one
flying dude that's all I wants it and I
felt I felt like we had a connection and
I remember you telling me you know you
you love me now and you're daddy's girl
now but you're gonna get older and
you're gonna think I'm all wrong and
then you're gonna get even older and you
gonna realize I was right all along
yeah I don't know if we reached there
yet but it came full circle you were
right I think in that moment I was like
dad I want to be close like this forever
like we're always gonna be close like
forever when was the last time you felt
resentment towards me and how do you
feel about it now we had a conversation
that your brother had to get between us
when we got on the subject of religion
and I wanted to encourage you to look
past retirement and think about becoming
an entrepreneur
yes you took you got really offended
over that conversation and I was trying
to reason with you about helping you set
yourself up for a retirement because at
that point you were very depressed how
do you feel about that conversation now
oh that's in the past and that's where
it should stay what you do to apologize
to me after yes if you had to be envious
of me for one thing what would it be
your patience with us as children and
I'm kind of surprised to have seen you
go down the grumpy old man path because
I never thought that would be the person
you would be because you were so patient
with us as kids well that a question you
asked me about what the one thing that
went wrong in my life for a long time I
was blaming the wrong blaming the wrong
people and mad at the wrong person for
the way my life had gone because
ultimately I'm the one who made the
decision I was trying to I was trying to
get back to that person you're are you
you feel like you are I feel I am I feel
I am much closer yeah like even when
like we spanked us you would like read
to us from the Bible you like pull up
the book of Bible stories to point me
from there then pull out the Bible find
a scripture make us read it back to what
we did wrong and how we were gonna move
forward and not commit that same sin
again
what I don't understand as people will
train their dog but they won't train
their children well is that a word it
had a word in the church say Amen
Tabernacle where do you see us in 12 and
10 years I hopefully still alive
do you woody where do you see me in 10
years Oh where do I see you in 10 year
president and CEO I hope in 10 years you
are very active jovial happy grandfather
who is passing on all the wonderful
parts of you too you know into your
family legacy mmm all right something to
think about
yes think about it alright thank you for
joining me in these awkward questions I
hope you guys in joyed deal with your
parents it was awkward fort was it
awkward for you
no enjoy this yeah it was okay it was it
wasn't as bad as I thought it was gonna
be
