hey guys it's Josie and I'm here with my
father who's actually taller than me if
he would sit up he's not a fan of this
so as you know I've done three you could
come into the camera dead getting in
here come on
act like you like me I've done to
ancestry will not answer I've done to
genealogy test I've done 23andme African
ancestry and this time around at an
ancestor this time around still excited
I didn't ancestry DNA me and my dad both
got a results since I've done the test
before I'm not I don't think I'm gonna
be that surprised my NSS three DNA does
tell you like what country you have the
largest percentage from but when I did
African ancestry and it taste test at my
maternal lineage it came back as T car
people from Cameroon so let me just be
interesting and I'm just to see what my
dad I got so I think my results I pulled
them up I click the button I think I saw
my name up top first so we're gonna go
through my results and let's open it up
blood she's excited you should be
excited too
but my estimate oh my gosh I'm 71
percent African I'm 38 percent Nigerian
10 percent Mali and nine percent
Cameroon Cameroon Congo so the most of
my African identity apparently comes
from Nigeria I am 28 percent European
and like one test came back really low
with East Asian and once that I was 10
percent East Asian so do we have Native
American and our family and I and then
what ethnic group or a tribe but the
Native American be the test like none of
them have been the same but this one is
saying I'm fourteen percent Irish which
is funny because in high school I had
this job that because a mom's last name
that I'm Scottish Irish and then six
percent is Europe West so I'm pretty
happy normal history this is based on
like colonization you know back during
the slave trade Nigeria well Molly
existed but in Congo this epic Cameroon
and Nigeria weren't a thing it was like
the Bight of Biafra the bite of the Gold
Coast Mali was like a really large
Kingdom so it's kind of interesting how
they break it down this way I have trace
regions are 14% I
Rico's Ghana is sick Senegal is five and
Benin Togo is 2% okay so now we got to
pull up my father's so see full
ethnicity are you ready dad
wow you're blacker than me
you're 80% African I'm 10% less African
than you are I know dad but like you're
29% Cameroon Congo 16 that's weird why
would I be 38% Nigerian when like I look
more like you than I look like I don't
get it what I read
16% Nigeria 15% Mali and 15% I Rico's in
Ghana
that's pretty high like you know that
means that like a great great
grandparent literally could be like of
that one ethnicity or that one D and a
trait and then 2% trace for Senegal
Bonita and toga so why do you think I
kept telling you I know that I was
raised as an african-american black
child so just come with me for the ride
we both have one percent trace for Asia
Central I don't and that leg shows up
differently on each test that I've taken
so maybe we just we just regular black
yeah we ain't that's why I've got no
baby ears
I'm not silky maybe you have to get mom
tested and then you're twenty percent
European and eight percent is Great
Britain that means all the way is really
on mom's side but see grandma was saying
that your dad wasn't really black so if
you're the how was your dad white and
Native American but look at this that
was show up if grandpa had a name
American parent yo daddy was just like
skin I guess you're not really
fascinated with this I'm fascinated I'll
be fascinated for the both of us don't
you want to go to Cameroon Congo now no
you want to go you own when I come to
Donna I come we can go back no you're
not interested no
I'm not interested in going back it's
not going back it going to slaves I know
but there's a lot of like in Ghana
there's a lot of connected I don't know
if you would I actually can't say
whether or not you will they gotta
unfortunately for me I still remember
the segregated and the divided south
it's too fresh in my memory to go back
to Africa because of segregation here
yes I don't I'm not look you've got to
revisit all of your past in order to
know what your past is okay so you're
saying you don't you you don't feel
comfortable skipping over the hurtful
part no to go back because it's all you
can get happy about results yes but you
can't erase the facts yeah I mean I went
to the same castles in Ghana it's pretty
traumatic but it's also kind of like
there's also a sense of pride and how
far your people have come and to see the
connections and how strongly they held
on to their culture right like it's kind
of reaffirming going for me to go to
Ghana into Togo to reaffirm to know that
I come from a very strong African
American culture like it gave a sense of
pride that my ancestors could go through
that much trauma and still kind of come
the people that they are today like
black it's beautiful man yes beautiful
but I'm still relating to the racial
divide that affected my life and made me
cry okay well this is deep all right
well thank you Father for joining me I
hope you guys enjoyed thanks for
watching this Vedic
you
