I usually like to close this door but
today we're gonna leave it open because
vada is laying we just need to get it up
hey what's up it's Jules ewwww it's late
I don't actually feel like doing Aveda
cuz I got my red dot no feather
yesterday while I was running 3.5 miles
with the late-night run Club it was a
pretty decent run and I actually like
ran and then like I started to feel
thick around like the three-mile mark I
really like the two and a half mile mark
I started like I really had to throw up
but you know as women we so often train
ourselves to not feel to not to not be
able we train ourselves to not
acknowledge how much pain we're in
because people are so dismissive of
women and the pain tolerance level we
have but we actually have a higher pain
tolerance than men but I was like if I
keep running across that bridge and I
have to come all the way back across I
feel like I write legit pass out like to
walk back to the car was like mugged of
them and if I don't catch my period in
time I throw up and I pass out which I
definitely did last night and I think
800 milligrams ibuprofen
so garden I'm just gonna like I'm gonna
tell you this is the last minute like
afterthought video but whatever you know
my thoughts be good so just keep up with
me Mitch jeah tweet it like a couple
weeks ago about seeing a video on
YouTube or there's a advertisement on
YouTube of this woman claiming to teach
people how to make money on YouTube
without using Adsense or sponsorships
and I've seen a lot of these like
YouTube videos populate up what people
are talking about how much money they
make on YouTube and how to make a lot of
money on YouTube I got to do a video if
I'm gonna do videos exactly about making
money I don't make a thousand dollars a
month on YouTube how many am I on
YouTube I don't even know are people be
thinking I'm balling out of control here
on YouTube I do other things that's why
I'm trying to raise $5,000 have launched
this podcast it's not a joke um you want
make a lot money on YouTube hi baby
hairs be a teenager or just be ye or be
a coon those are basically actions
otherwise most out of blokes Wells make
way more money I clicked on the girls
video because I was like I want to see
what she's talking about because I'm
almost sure I know exactly this one no
she's gonna run because one of the
things that happened with my former
manager was she was constantly trying to
get me to do these kind
like affiliate marketing like workshop s
marketing ploys a lot of pushback from
me because I'm always I'm very big on
integrity and I'm like I'm not gonna sit
here and charge my smart brown girls a
thousand dollars for some something they
can get on google.com for the free 99
like I'm not repackaging basic guys
information to sell the people at 500
hours of pop and she started people are
gonna pay people are gonna pay because
that her and her current business
partner on her self scope are what they
launched one of these swindle ass
workshops and mail a quarter of a
million dollars off a folk so I already
know what the getcha getcha is I know
the behind the scenes so I'm gonna let
y'all know because honestly honestly
honestly I understand that we live in a
society that is built off the visual
that everyone is living this lifestyle
it's this goal to travel the world and
to live carefree and to vacation all the
time but on a vacation all the time you
got to have them coins and it's old as I
wanna say oldest it's only me know where
that comes from
and you get you get you these workshops
is they teaching you how to make eight
thousand dollars without whatever it is
that everyone else is using by getting
you to pay them so essentially they're
making the eight thousand out Adsense by
selling you some half-assed first up is
they make you sign up for an email the
second step is to get you off of
whatever platform you were introduced to
them on so whether they're on periscope
they're on YouTube they're on Twitter go
on Instagram
the goal is to get you off of that and
into a more centralized group in which
they control typically it'll be
something around Facebook because
Facebook allows you to have groups that
you can privatize that you make secret
that you can close off and make it
exclusive to people having to do these
steps in order to get into that group ha
then they via email will send their
lessons for whatever program is what is
he selling you so this girl was telling
you how to make 8k on your YouTube in
two weeks with no assets or sponsorships
so every day was vague ass email which I
knew was gonna be it was gonna be like
yes have the faith and push through and
watch this client video and remember to
go back and do your homework so go back
and
gage in their programs and then on the
very last day they roll out the package
that they would like you to buy into
they tell you all this stuff and then at
the end it's like buy my workshop valued
at 2500 but I'm giving it to you for
$900 now what we understand and what
they understand is that they get their
email list up to usually the goal is
around the three five thousand mark of
that let's say five thousand two
thousand people actually engage in the
group and do the homework assignments
and open the email on a regular basis
then of that two thousand all you need
is ten percent of that two thousand to
buy into your workshop in order to make
your profit because if you're selling a
workshop at eight hundred dollars and
twenty people buy it
boom bat like that that's exactly what
they're doing they know that that they
build their email list as large as
possible in order to work down to this
paid workshop then they're gonna get you
to buy in and it doesn't really matter
what you think of the workshop in the
end how far you're gonna come typically
the people that are willing to spend the
money and got no hope in a dream in the
first place I really hope my smart girls
are smarter than that
people out here reselling y'all public
information if someone got stood up here
and tell you how to run a business but
they can't show you examples of the
businesses they run they're showing you
everybody else's examples
I mean seriously sis don't reset good
and book is that how you say it's my
thing I will link down below in the
description box to some books that help
you avoid the swindle if some and that's
that's that is one thing that I want to
say I have learned this year going
through what I went through if someone
claims they can do something for you so
ever just take they where they can't
show you examples of their actual work
if they claim they got all these great
awesome ideas and they don't have no
personal work to back it up you have
every right to ask a person for a resume
and it's not to say that all workshops
are bad I've definitely think I feel
like lovey has done some workshops that
have definitely been good but again
oftentimes people that are doing these
workshops like on Skillshare you
we'll be able to see examples of the
work that they have done to understand
that your money is going to the right
place Google is free and plentiful for a
reason use that itches and I will see
you tomorrow we're gonna have some
deeper conversations popping up but I
need to get over these cramps first all
right don't get caught in this window
