hey this jewel Dean and my car is fine
outside that
hi baby and it's hot as out here
it's hot I'm sweating I had to come pay
on my car because I got hit on the 23rd
of June and they're totally out my car
another unibody vehicle the accident
actually don't look that bad in any way
we feel that bad but because I have to
cut into the roof and we're to fix the
roller back side of my car it's being
told out and I'm losing a car that I
loved I had no desire to ever give this
car up I don't want a luxury vehicle I
don't want another car this exact car
and I have to explain to you how much
we're going to lay down and praise my
car had blind spot technology
touchscreen navigation oh cool - look at
this look how nice it looks
I mean but do you see how good my skin
look on top of the beige leather
interior even though we got all the
trash in the bag
like oh boy will you look at it yeah
look at the sticker it's all folded up
that might have you left in the car man
this sucks quite a little like a poor
little drink I didn't get the baby's
room that's how briefly we had each
other
