hey guys it's Josie and it's time for
another day of Veda and I'm finally
recording a video before 6 o'clock I
didn't work out today not yet I'm gonna
record this video in this video and then
go write remember you could still
support smart brown girl by shopping
smart brown girl crop tops and shirts
and onesies and dad hats and baseball
caps are still available and working on
some special projects for the college
smart brown girls hopefully we can roll
those out soon and I am still attempting
to raise five thousand dollars to launch
my own podcasts 5k it's simply gonna go
pay for legal fees because this is my
food thus far I believe we've raised
about close to nine hundred dollars
thanks for supporting so today we are
talking about emotional majority
something I have talked about before on
a video I did about growing your
emotional maturity working on your
vulnerability and then helping you to
avoid the Potamus fuckboys pitching
advice for the discussion of intimate
relationships is always the easiest
entryway but emotional maturity is more
complex and nuanced than just how it
relates to your dating life what is
emotional maturity emotional maturity is
taking the time to develop your
self-awareness and shed your emotional
insecurities vulnerability typically is
the biggest tenet of emotional maturity
and the hardest one to kind of push
through and grow through and find a
comforting balance within a lot of these
insecurities will center around your
intimate relationships but they also
highly impact your sense of self your
goals your purpose your career your
family and friend relationships I mean
basically you like impacting our whole
life though you get it you got it about
it how do you feel when entering a room
full of educated black women how do you
react what sort of insecurities might
that drum up on the flipside how do you
feel walking into a roomful of
economically poor black women
how would your interactions be with them
energy might you give off what how would
you ship your persona and also what
insecurities might that strike up
because emotional maturity plays a role
in both those settings me it was after I
joined a sorority walking into an alumna
meeting and realizing how many
insecurities drummed up when I walked
into a room full of educated and
ambitious black women I was projecting a
lot of my own insecurities onto these
other women and it was preventing me or
causing a mental block and how I
proceeded in entering into relationships
whether it was just acquaintances or
actual friendships with other adult
women I was articulating like no one
understood me I would play the
background because I thought I just
didn't have what it took or that someone
was gonna come at me or think less than
of me you know I had to realize that
most of my issues in befriending other
women were self manifesting well as
women a lot of us do this and I spoken
about this and several other topics
about women being Petty and competitive
video and then the ideology behind the
strong black woman stereotype but we
live in a patriarchal society and a lot
of the rhetoric around women is
oftentimes demeaning a lot of us are
carrying around the same patriarchal
chip on our shoulder and this is how we
walk into situations where we are
confronting other women but what happens
when one woman focuses on shutting these
insecurities that uphold these negative
ideals that we as women entertain each
other with the honest truth is that
loneliness is going to creep up you will
realize how much of a society we are not
focused on encouraging self-awareness
and individuals aside from understanding
that you know I'm visually self aware of
how I look like am i slain is my
eyebrows is my edges but you know
honestly working on your emotional
maturity will show how much the general
population is just emotionally immature
and in practice that will mean that you
have a smaller social circle in which
you can entertain people on a more
intimate or closer friendship level it
sounds bad but it's absolute
not for most it's human nature we hit
2728 we start to get more stuck in our
ways a lot more rigid with what type of
people we will want to associate with
and there's a reason why no new friends
became a thing emotional maturity it's
not that your snubbing people it's that
you're investing time and more quality
relationships that you understand
yourself enough and you understand how
different relationships play a different
function in your life and everyone
doesn't deserve to have the expectations
of friendship levied on them and both
that people might not live up to the
standard but you also understand that
your standard might be unfair to put on
somebody who you just met social
acquaintances serve a fulfilling role in
our lives with the potential to inspire
others to invest in their emotional
maturity and grow with you without you
having to dictate to them what they need
to do better
loneliness is the first heart function
of emotional maturity to get over but
stick with it and you will see not only
your close friendships kind of blossom
in that maturity with you and become
more fulfilling and more purposeful but
you'll also notice new friends kind of
come about organically and it'd be a
better quality relationship but then
there is another level when do we or you
or at catch a break we work to do better
we inspire others to do better but where
is that aha moment that peaceful
happiness that allows you to hit that
stride into the carefree black girl
world typically the question of when can
you catch a break
arises when something bad happens when
you have hit a stride in putting in that
work you're growing your emotional
maturity you have your nose down to the
ground and you are hustling hard and
then someone from behind throws a brick
at your head and just completely
they startle you and everything becomes
a question of distrust as you forget how
far you have actually come this is
something myself
and quite a few of my friends are going
through actually spent my son
like six seven hours on the phone my
homegirls we were each kind of working
through this train of thought right that
we all live in this world where the
outside sees us as successful and on
some levels eternally we do understand
that we have reached success but it
doesn't look or feel like how we each
define success on our own and then
something kind of comes in and it's a
loss it's getting recommended at work
it's you know maybe going through what I
went through with you know physical loss
and then people maliciously coming at
you
it kind of magnifies the internal
struggles that we've been quietly
dealing with and it throws you off
kilter and sets off a depression that's
been lingering you know the conundrum of
being upset that you are upset starts to
set it you know that we have this idea
that working hard and working on
ourselves it's like a kind of mantra of
constantly having honestly vulnerable
positive things about I can work this
out I understand who I am it's all gonna
work out and then you hit that negative
mark and you just you you just want sit
down a cry you bury success in being
upset and so I'll try to encourage you
will I know to not spend too much time
being upset or frustrated that they are
upset because you have to see the
success in that and I know it's hi I am
the person that wants to throw that pity
party I really don't like when I'm
talking to somebody else about a
negative thing that I'm going through
and they're like oh you'll be okay that
dismissive nature I just don't really
care for but I'm not saying to dismiss
it I am saying to give yourself that
moment to be upset if you need to cry
you need to take a nap you need to have
a pity party with some friends you'd
write it journal it out you know do what
you need to do and give yourself that
moment emote the full breadth of your
emotions because we are not always happy
super confident people that's unfair to
the essence of our human myths right so
if you have to have that
to cry and let it out give yourself that
moment make sure that you are
surrounding yourself with people that
will support you even in that moment and
then you know throw your pity party keep
it cute don't let it go on too long and
then sweep it up clean it up and band up
and keep it moving
so many people are unable to articulate
any form of emotion so if you can even
in your upsetedness articulate why
you're upset what triggered your
upsetness even if you don't know exactly
how you can move forth from that moment
but that beforehand you are upset
because you were moving for it in this
direction you can articulate that that
is a success that so many other people
have not reached that you can articulate
a sense of self and a sense of identity
and there is strength to be found even
in that weak moment I give me her job yo
when did I become that - it's absolutely
hard to keep pushing forward but
patience is definitely necessary it has
to be worked on something I myself am
currently working on as I've been
overstepping it a lot but I am committed
to staying on track on this journey
because I can see my growth both in how
productive and how just - I love my
friends like they really are awesome and
the strength that our relationships have
grown in but just realizing how not only
they support me but how they're
strengthened my ability to support each
of them that's but also in the short in
wasting less time in my dating life in
entertaining more quality people and
that just helps you to waste less time
with people who are worth yo time and
also to not burn bridges and it just
manifests itself in so many ways that
sometimes it's hard to see it because
you also are realizing how many people
just ain't a little I mean I'm not
trying to have ego but I'm saying a
great feeling and I am committed to this
journey and I know you know and I hope
my smart brown girls are - alright see
you tomorrow
do say for two to five dollars or more
you
can support smart brown girl and help to
launch the smart brown girl podcasts
tour scholarship fund and flourishing
community of awesome smart brown girls
visit patreon.com/scishow team and
become a smart brown girl patron today
