yes this is back-to-back me recording
Vedas but you just be happy and we're
going to Veda okay you know I'm battling
I'm dealing with depression I'm trying
to work through it and honestly one of
the hardest things is being motivated
and fighting motivation just to get up
and be productive with my day and it's
not like I have like a real excuse for
not doing videos for the past two days I
just it was just like huh and also with
Veda I'm not necessarily I'm not like a
short witty funny person I am a very
much so heavier researched thought-out
topics person is easy or accessible to
the Veda content I wanted to talk about
how YouTube has changed me because I
have actually rolled out some heavier
topics with this Veda and some of the
responses definitely you know brought to
mind some thoughts about how YouTube has
changed me and how I respond to things
so let's just get into this first I've
definitely become I don't say more
insecure but I've like I've shed certain
insecurities and I found new ones that I
just never thought I would have noticing
the popularity of people who feed into a
certain look especially with the
snatched waist lines that has definitely
girl I have gotten really uncomfortable
I mean I have put on a short amount of
weight this year as well and I just
that's something that I have the power
to change and I need to change it yeah I
mean slowly but surely I'm going to stop
eating fried chicken and actually go for
that walk I've been talking about yes it
is kind of annoying to put yourself out
on line and people like okay people are
sitting watching this video and they're
watching my background they're taking
note of the artwork that I had behind
here they're taking a note of whether my
true plants are alive or not they're
currently dying yes I know it's okay you
know and some of the criticisms I get
are just so like why are you not paying
attention to what I have to say like
somebody commented like I can hear the
phlegm in your throat I just want you to
cough and I'm like seriously like come
on
the color of my teeth is an issue the
way my nails are painted are of question
you know it is the way you move your
lips and all these things it's like you
know people just
sighs on and it's not that criticism
cannot be operate because honestly I've
got a lot of beneficial criticism as
well this has helped me to grow as just
not as a youtuber but as an individual
but the criticism that's really mundane
and just non-consequential that people
feel like they can give you freely it's
like okay you're doing the most YouTube
was also impacted my dating life men
wanting to treat me like their personal
so proper as in the idea to Gemini's
story time or just men being fascinated
with this concept that I'm a full time
youtuber and that I have an audience
that will be out people will come up and
recognize me um and it's interesting
because men that I've met in the fouls I
don't know is the sow thing I don't know
as of recently I've realized how much
men don't initially share about
themselves how much men are not
comfortable with their own vulnerability
and they're just very smug and so for me
to be open and vulnerable inside because
if you found my youtube channel it's not
that you know a whole lot about me but
you know a lot more about me than I know
about you and it's an uneven footing and
men just trying to track a daily night
couch I don't actually care about your
opinion I didn't do this for you you sir
a nice foreign girl fall Bay that I
always need to wear makeup and I'm
trying to work myself down like you know
I've definitely and wearing less makeup
I don't feel like I've gotten that heavy
into the makeup look but I don't know I
have I've done videos without my makeup
but it's I feel like they get less views
I feel like people honestly want to
watch somebody that looks a certain
level of presentable and then because
we're so fascinated with makeup culture
right now and there's certain very beat
look it's it's like if I beat my face is
saying away I know and I show it in a
thumbnail I know that the video will get
more clips looks like oh how she looked
like that inflection and knowledge uh
and I hate that I feed into that and I'm
trying to work myself back yeah I mean
like I want to throw on some lip color
and nothing else on my skin and be okay
with it and I tack that there yet well
putting out heavier topics this week I
don't try to figure out how to
articulate this correctly people don't
like
when I express negative or less than
emotion somebody sent me an email saying
that the video the video that I did
announcing Veda alright maybe my get
ready with me was very difficult to
watch because I felt like I was so
depressed and to me it's like I'm
actually I'm depressed
yes I know just out loud I don't think I
was that I don't know it's like you know
we have four seasons of the year because
it it helps the earth cleanse itself and
people are allowed to have a multitude
of emotions because it helps them to
cleanse itself this idea that someone
should always be super happy and super
positive it's kind of like I mean I get
why negativity or crying or deep emotion
makes it well uncomfortable because it
it don't turns on something in them I
get people being an empath but it is
kind of like I think some people need to
be more cognizant of allowing people the
space to deal with a range of emotions
it's not like I come on here very often
and express a certain level of negative
emotion you know particularly care for
some of the dismissiveness I get when I
talk about deeper topics part of that
also is because I think a lot of people
don't have an understanding of how
YouTube actually works which is why
there's this woman currently on here to
talk about she's gonna teach you in 10
steps how to make 10,000 eyes off of
YouTube with no Adsense girl you tried
it so many people are interested in the
mechanics of YouTube and I think a lot
of was scared with themselves out here a
lot people just don't understand YouTube
at all I think there's a false reality
of how much money is actually made and
how and how it's made on YouTube because
of how other people project themselves
on here there is a lot of just high flew
in lifestyle flaunting on YouTube anew
you assume that if that person making
some certain amount of money or they're
projecting that they're making a certain
amount of money that I should be - I
don't even make half of my income off of
youtube I would be so poor like so so
far I make less than a thousand dollars
a month off of youtube
it is not very financially but official
I mean I make more money off of my blog
writing and the smart girl shop
because I'm taking all that money and
investing it into trying to launch more
smart brown girl stuff it's been a
struggle for me as a full-time youtuber
I don't know how much longer that's
gonna last I have been looking into
going back to work and we'll just see
how that pans out but yeah it's like
somebody left a comment one of my last
videos it like oh well you could be you
should be appreciative of how far you've
come because I'm sure you're making a
decent living off of YouTube actually
no even my accounts are gonna meet like
girls but that is honestly why every
time I get on here I'm kinda see asking
for your support
not necessarily to fund my life or my
lifestyle which is bare-bones very
minimal um but it is because when you
ask things of me when you want me to
cover certain topics or to do videos
more frequently or you want a certain
level of audio or selling well video
quality or it's like hey can you go on
tour can you're doing me in gree can you
do a podcast all that stuff costs me
money and because I don't make very much
as any money on YouTube I do kind of ask
you guys to help me fund the things that
you want for me and I really like this
podcast to be so awesome girl it was
awkward I make this happen in reality my
smart brown girls are also awesome like
the reason why I have been able to keep
going even though YouTube doesn't really
make me much money is because it's just
been so great to inspire these
discussions to see the intelligence the
beauty the diversity and women of color
like black women really are so amazing
and one of the things that YouTube has
helped me with is to see how beautiful I
am and we are as black women even in the
struggles that we face on a day-to-day
level how much more I can do to be more
supportive and be more positive towards
black women it's been awesome to empower
people to think differently or outside
the box like even people don't like me
they're trying to come for me they
started you know dig a little deeper and
flex their intelligence and so even in
the kind of clap back at me it is it's
always like okay well at least I
inspired you to you know read a book
Google something but I made you you know
structure your sense is a little bit
more clear like look at that syntax that
is beautiful and really really great to
see
people that might have been insecure or
a not know that their intelligence is
within them like smart brown girl is not
about how smart I am it is absolutely
about the idea that I feel like as black
women we're often told how smart we are
not we're often told about how much we
are not and how much more we have to do
what's wrong with us
shout out to Gabby Douglas like we just
catch so much heat no matter our
accomplishments so it's to remind black
women that we are smart that no matter
your education level that smart is
within you and so it's been so beautiful
to see people blossom and to read the
messages whether it's mothers to keep
out how they interact with their
children or how we think about how we
interact with our own mother or other
women or relationships of thinking about
how our presence impacts other people
thinking about how much we have within
us and how powerful we are as
individuals has been an awesome
experience so overall you two I'm very
happy I've done it sometimes it is hard
for me to motivate myself to get out
here and do videos because this I'm not
gonna lie that the numbers game is it
gets annoying yeah I gotta check myself
again like why am i worried about other
people like my success is gonna be
different from everyone else's and I
just have to hold fast and stand firm
and be patient so that's something that
I've definitely been focused on thanks
to my sauron girls thanks to your
support every time I ask you to shop
smart brown girl to become a patron a
donate out swipe around girl y'all have
come through in the clutch I know I need
to get back on the road with the book
club
I have a link down below actually for
the next book that is gonna be part of
the book club
I already have it it's been announced to
my patreon it's like three three four
months ago I wish but I'm trying to work
around getting the woman that wrote the
book to be a part of the book club this
month which is wise tickets I've been
stuck on just working with her and I
want to thank you guys for being awesome
and I will see you absolutely tomorrow
I'm not go started goes they join the
smart brown girl producer circle for 2
to 5 dollars or more you can support
smart brown girl in abling the movement
to become a community of resources that
benefits you and women of color around
the world as a black woman catering to
an audience of black women trying to
convince the older white men in power
we are worthy of opportunity is an
uphill battle so let's provide our own
opportunities and help to launch the
smart Bronco podcast tour scholarship
fund and flourishing community of
Awesome smart drunk girls visit
patreon.com/scishow key and become a
smart brown girl patron today you can
also support by shopping smart brown
girl are grabbing your copy and Rosie's
foresee natural hair guide ebook and or
her first published work send it on a
collection of short stories
thank you smart brown girls
