hey guys it's Julie and this is Veda
number six even though it's not Veda day
6 here you notice i have my smart brown
girl cap in charcoal gray because a
smart brown girl in the comments noted
that she would love if I made the
baseball cap in a charcoal I think she
specifically said gray or maybe she said
charcoal I don't know I like charcoal
gray says what you got move this is it's
here and I also have it in several
different colorways along with my
craptop i will be posting a coupon code
on my patreon account as incentive to
those who become a patreon this month to
purchase the baseball cap now why would
I want to offer an extra special
incentive for the month of August if you
haven't already read the title I have
been working this past year to launch a
pod cast I mentioned this in my live Q&A
from Veda number five yesterday some of
the most popular questions and I have
been fielding this year are do I listen
to the read can I be a guest on the
reader this is the friend zone gonna be
a guest of the friend zone where is your
podcast you do a podcaster this youtuber
with that youtuber can you get your life
girl and I have honestly been working
whether it is to attempt to collab which
really is it in my hands about being
featured on somebody has spiked asses
whatever question you have to ask the
podcasters who have the show but I have
been really focusing on launching my own
podcast I have talked to several major
podcast networks this year I feel like
the idea I have is super duper dope I
feel I go be epic and awesome and so I
have moved forward with the concept of
self producing it but why don't we
signed to a network or we sell produce
we have to get or legal together and
after going to this current BS well the
past is now in the past and realizing
that my biggest mistake in that
situation was signing a contract that
was just epically poorly written any
small business owner or entrepreneur
will understand just the importance of
having your illegal together but it's
also going to cost a good bit of money
at minimum at the bare minimum to get my
legal together I need three thousand
dollars and on top of that that still
doesn't even
no the production cost of self producing
at this point in cutting as money costs
as possible while still producing
something at a high level as for the
month of August I am attempting to raise
five thousand dollars to launch a
podcast the goal is to launch a podcast
this fall but in all transparency it's a
good chance it might not roll out to the
top of 2017 you can support by one
becoming a patron for the month of
august i have my patreon set up to where
it will process your donation to day or
the day that you put your information in
its just bro i wish i could tell you
more i wish but the number one way again
is to support patreon.com / jersey and
make a one-time donation you can also
support by promoting the smart brown
girl store paypal has recently launched
a working capital program where they
provide loans for small businesses who
are using paypal to process all their
transactions and if i reach a certain
monthly number on the smart brown girl
store that will help me be eligible for
certain small business loans through
paypal so tell your friends we got crop
tops we got mugs we got a hack start we
got everything I love y'all I thank you
for everything I have no problem with
being transparent about this process
alright can we do it can we launch this
water on girl by gas business
