hey guys it's jewel Z we are of course
the personal here that's camera new
setting no I have not moved yet I am in
between moves still let's get into this
get ready with me because we have to get
ready to record an insecure review
before we head to a birthday party that
ends at 6 and it is currently 3:30 and
we're in Queens and that's an hour away
from Brooklyn what are you doing with my
mic is that my feet because I don't know
where I put my rode mic at see there
might be a lot of that kind of noise to
the video all right we are back again
with our lights cam privilege look like
Michael Jackson wig it's been rocking
with me well I had packed up all my
stuff on the moving truck with the idea
that I was going to be moving to my new
apartment on August 21st and then on
August 18th it turns out I was gonna
have to push my move-in date back a
month so this is the only hair this in
another way are the only two wigs
I really have on me and the other one is
a lot more work and this is just so easy
go I watched it I saw in the last get
ready with me where I'm trying to get it
dry and then I used my little
whatchamacallit
what's the name of that company tag on
running a Blaine I'm a little hot brush
not a hot comb but a hot brush try and
get it dry and it actually it makes this
hair feel really I don't know like silk
here now do I need a mirror I can't even
see myself but now this hair is dry I
watched it a week ago i lo can you want
to put a little mousse in it I should
wet it but we're just gonna put mousse
in it dry because why not all right
we're just gonna do it like that I don't
know I cut the bedding right but I've
been wearing it with like a slight side
part and then poof to the top I'm glued
down maybe twice now
I don't like glue it down when I think I
have you know appointment but it has an
actually black dog so I'm actually like
the kite is like growing on me alright
so I got a facial yesterday and I feel
like I have to feel a pimple coming in
mmm in my chin I can feel it back out
what I'm white has remove a bear
yes and I went to stuff water up today
because it turns out I am I'm low on my
benefit precisely my season I'm talking
here all that yes she picks up all that
I turns out I was low on my benefit
precisely my brow pencil and I was so
happy
this whole escapade with Laura leaving
the whole Antoine a package in no more I
could buy my favorite brow pencil in
peace yes this we are happy it worked
out ok so I use the number for precisely
my brows every time you see me do my
brows this is what I'll be using so
self-righteous Twitter has definitely
been on a roll this past week everybody
getting dried and I'm just seeing your
like well this is well how would I
really tweet that much no more I do not
need to be bothered by these people and
who are they people that sit on Twitter
all day long it's like are you a scholar
are you academic are you hosting a
community what do you do to be so
self-righteous what I really be having
these people out here feeling like that
extra special that whole lovey and Tevin
Campbell thing I was I was lured y'all a
really give that card now got a hold of
it I don't do that a phobia so that just
then Amanda still jumped in and I just
think everybody involved is wrong I'm
gonna just stay over here my little
african-american factual history corner
that's what I'm gonna do like people
love it take things out of context cuz
they want to make themselves feel better
and I feel like that's really what
Twitter has turned into like you there's
no discourse happening so I look maybe
you don't agree with someone maybe I'm
not even talking about the love you
should I'm talking about legs other
people black women who I respect and who
are doing the work people that are just
Twitter popular amongst like the black
Twitter world they want to speak in
absolutes and take things out of context
ignore the body of work out hand and
completely ignore or dismiss any
possible discussion ignore any
discussion or dialogue alright we're
doing a real light look cuz we are in
Brooklyn and a body gotta be out here
nice treats looking through poppin not
trying to get toes but in other news I
was thinking about like how YouTube has
changed
my relationships and it like impedes my
dating right so I went on a date
recently with somebody who knew another
YouTube vlogger and I have mentioned to
her that like oh I'm on a date with this
person or whatever whatever they were
asking me like how does that do I tell
people that I have a YouTube channel do
I tell people as I do I tell men that I
have a YouTube channel and it's like
well before I even get to that dating
it's always a fun topic I don't enjoy
dating it's not something that I like to
do and I'm kind of ambivalent about it
and honestly I'm okay with not dating
and trying to go on a date with like a
half-decent negro and then it's like wow
you probably in conversation marry me
and then I'm pressed and it's like damn
babe what's wrong with you all the
niggas did was buy you a cocktail and
hold the conversation with you and kept
a like it's really not that amazing oh
but I don't like that many people but
when I like some women special no oh you
know you really not how many people
really like a lot of people maybe that
one pick meet everything got you fucked
up thinking that people generally just
like hop on dicks and be like in love
with whoever that's not how to work a
lot of us don't like a lot of people a
lot of us do not find it easy for us to
find intimate partners who we are
genuinely attracted to that don't make
my house special so you know usually
have an internal conversation with
yourself like don't be pressed but its
growth that I can recognize that because
but the YouTube thing it does make it
weird because like I'm already a
conspiracy theorist if you haven't been
able to tell I am a bit of a pessimist
I'm a real list really more so and I
thought I don't need any more of a
reason to question men who I encounter
but like I were on a date I know do gave
me a very impassioned you know talking
to you about not applying for my PhD
because it would get in the way
and I've heard before from people in PSA
programs about how it would you know
strip me of my creativity the act
academic world isn't very encouraging
particularly for black women and you
know I have all these opportunities why
would I like counter all the
opportunities that I have and all the
work that I've done and doing something
that way isn't really gonna support that
what I've built as far as like smart
brunk are the YouTube platform I'm just
like you know I appreciate these
comments like I appreciate what you're
singing like I'm feeling it you know I
wanna I want to know how to make a lot
of my time is yellow I want
like wow you use like you you get me you
understand me but instead I'm really
like but it's that I'm looking at you
like Nick are you a fan I tried to
befriend people off here on women off
here off YouTube like from my audience
and it's never going well it has always
been a hot-ass mess and so no stranger
danger I am a little personally about
meeting about like dealing with people
who know me from YouTube because and
it's like then you build up this ideal
of Who I am when I don't meet that ideal
that is the quickest road to
disappointment are you quickly yeah but
it doesn't go well because people have
an ideal of you and if you don't meet
that ideal in any way you perform no
matter how miniscule it is quickly how
quickly things can go left and it's like
I don't have the bed with for all that
and you know yeah not and it's also kind
of like dad yeah you have a bit more
access in context and understanding of
who I am and I still got to build trust
are not equal playing field like this
mind game about like well does it matter
if he's watched your content or not does
it matter if he says no because he
doesn't want to make you feel awkward
and he doesn't want to like just seem
like he's a fan and he like tries to
play ignorant like I don't believe him
like I don't want to set anything
foundation eating up when I live I like
sometimes people in this scenario I
think men are inclined to like not be
upfront with me about having to watch my
videos cuz they don't want to come
across like a fan and put me off
essentially well beyond pretty much my
makeup holidays this is what I do still
don't strong with Christy Teegan
actually I've been using a little bit of
a blush to its pink blush on top just to
make the cheeks rosy air but it's like
how many different ways and I do this
look our shops higher to me actually I'm
gonna do a different highlight means my
other the Becca radiant glow it's a gold
highlight but keep it funky I'm like
legit nervous I don't know if I said
this in the last get ready with me or
not about waiting with the bottom to
fall under me because things are just
going okay at this point and nothing's
messed up and I can't afford the move
and I'm not hurt and I got a 12-under
square foot apartment and I'm like wow
did I am i doing too much my eyelashes
are all but almost
going but look how much less texture my
face has like do you see a difference
because I select this my t-zone which is
oily
what happened Oh moisturizer on Wow I
clean my face and then putting on
moisturizer on oh wow the esthetician I
did go to a black lady her name was
damselfly let's name of her business
it's in Crown Heights Brooklyn and she
said I need to wash my face twice a day
because I have oily skin and so I have
to wash it in the morning and wash it in
the evening and I got to do like a real
scrub in the evening I need to do a
light gentle wash in the morning because
I had a lot of whiteheads and blackheads
but she's like your pores are really
blast you'd be the take better care of
that I'm like wow
sister Acme you know what I haven't won
a lot of time this dark purple from Mac
like night night mom I get my other beer
with this I can only just go with NC but
I've been liking like the the dark line
lip trend is coming back cuz it adds
dimension and that's always been my mo
for these big lips but you did was also
like not even just in dating my
friendships you know I've definitely
gone through it with some friends and
then feeling like I've changed my
preferences before they said This
American Life podcast episode where
Tommy Vesey coaches best friend is a
producer on this American Life and it's
best friend interviews coats about how
Fame has changed him and coats is like
nah but like it really hasn't changed me
that much like yeah if anything you know
I don't really enjoy Fame and I'm kind
of resistant to it but like you know you
got divorced and now you're single and
you know him and his friend plus their
wives will hit on he's eCos wife and now
his friends XY they all went to Howard
together so like they were a whole
social circle and it's like well yeah
the dynamic has changed because you got
divorced you're single and you're dating
and you're being a single man and that's
been I'm not a single man and I'm
married father you know like that's
changed things and it's like you know
your friends kind of like internalize
your I don't think I'm famous I mean I'm
not famous not even a thought like I'm
not famous I have an audience and I
think that has thrown off my friends who
do not know how to deal with people like
knowing who I am or if like they post up
like if I'm on their Instagram stories
or they post a picture or something
about me and like I'm with them people
like sliding in DMS be like oh my gosh I
love Jersey you've been like their own
like mental game and how I like to
internalized that and unfortunately I
have
I've lost friends because of it but I've
been meaning to do a video about walking
away versus cutting off a friendship I
did do the video about you know the
strong friend and still checking in on
them and that part of that without the
thing about like you know my friends
taking me for granted especially because
they somehow think that like my audience
is my friend and inside you know
nobody's is cool like I love me trust
you me I'm very appreciative and I think
some of y'all are amazing some of you I
think all y'all are amazing actually but
like there's a certain relationship that
I have with my audience
that's very separate from the
relationship that I have with my friends
and I would imagine that they should
understand the type of friend that I am
mm-hmm they would understand that it's
different but you know people be going
having their only insecurity than their
only things they have to work through
unfortunately you know we tend to
project a lot of our trauma on the
people closest to us because we're just
taking it for granted well this is a
look she did something did it done okay
details I've been getting better about
actually putting all the details of the
makeup Dallas scripture box below Becca
cosmetics this is Delilah links will be
down below in the description box for
everything else of course you know these
are just a little fun key I just talk
about whatever is on top of my mind and
I love reading your comments or seeing
how y'all relate to the things that I'm
going through because you know it makes
me feel like I'm not alone but alright
let's get to this is secure review
