hey guys is Jules e and I finally took
my Clem Rose out I've had them in for
almost two months I wore a wig then I
put crochet braids in for like two three
weeks did I cover wear wigs because I'm
trying to grow my hair and when I wear
out you know you just can't keep your
hands out of it but when I cut my
crochet braids out I cut my real hair
out - no not not so bad I mean I cut it
in the front I'm gonna see if I can find
it it's a piece right here I mean can
you
see it I was traumatized for like 4.5
seconds then I realized I really could
just put like a little relaxer on this
piece of hair and then like hide me some
folk baby hairs cuz that's what's and
right now would you take me seriously or
not Oh baby when it sent me this scalp
invigorate er and they asked me to a
video on it and because bills I said yes
it's all you know I'm all about
integrity and originally I snapchat it
like oh my gosh what am I gonna do what
am I gonna do and a lot of you guys said
you actually have this and that you
really like it alright I didn't even
realize this is battery operated until
just now I thought you just take it and
do like this okay maybe we'll read the
instructions it comes with batteries
have to unscrew it oh my gosh this is so
much work like wait I just put together
a whole IKEA dresser and I was in here
and unscrewing okay that was a bit more
work than I wanted to invest in putting
batteries in here but now first is you
gotta detangle if you've bought my 40
natural hair guys decide I'll have a PDF
she would know that in there I talked
about detangling and because it's been
so long I'm going to detangle with my
hands using a product that just has good
slip in it doesn't matter what product
you use you can use anything I have a
product it actually says slip on the
bottle and go through and I'm going to
do a really lazy detangling job I can do
a get ready with me putting makeup on I
can do it get ready with me washing my
hair okay I'm just spraying water on my
hair I have to be like the only natural
hair person who doesn't have a proper
water bottle because I stay going to be
spiced oh I haven't been to be Spicer so
I'm gonna Dallas because I don't know
where one is here but when I do go I
always like forget to buy a water bottle
something's in my old Mac fix it pro
bottle okay hair I don't know how much
my hair is going I don't really keep
track but as long as I'm not balding you
know we're good in the hood right okay I
put some conditioner nez ish yeah
then I'm gonna use a scalpel a grater
and see how let's try it
I mean it's it oh I guess I can use it
in the shower in the water too
I imagined like what I just use this
when I wash my hair this feels like
going to be really good for like a
stress reliever err use it on like my
fair air yeah yeah this feels very
relaxing like I feel like I should but I
hate for haste bye bye playlist and just
by that so the box says this cleans
exfoliates gently lifting away dead skin
cells on promoting better circulation to
help your scalp and hair health to keep
your scalp and hair healthy and clean
only youtubers are always like yes mrs.
Scott
yes massage your scalp for two minutes
has anybody ever actually sat down and
besides iscope with their hands for like
a full two minutes or mine only works on
TV that can that just like this this
this was solid that I could sit here and
yes mm-hmm
this is the final product I'm giving you
I am giving you auntie viola teas she
makes the best pound cake at the family
gathering and she's the nosey one that
knows all the family history and be
reminding y'all of all the issue don't
want to be reminded of that's the tease
I'm giving you right now don't mind my I
made IKEA furniture yesterday um I
really like first day hair but let me
tell you this biggest clutch I had a
good old time in the shower with this
and I'm probably so keep it on my desk
and use it on the Internet whoo-hoo I am
so happy with my hair right now like the
Marmont think this is this is a pro tip
maybe half with your hair
just don't mess with it keep your hands
out of it I feel like everyone like get
some point where they really enjoy their
hair they really love how their hair is
reacting how it feels the legs they love
everything about it after they've done
like a certain amount of protective
styling and then we mess it up because
we always got our hands in our
cuz it just feels so good you are gonna
have your hands in it just don't have
your hands on it do what you guys do if
you have a backhand 1 X 5 in the
background I'm a rock this for like two
days and it's gonna go right back in
some corals I like I can take on the
world after there's now a little bit
coupon code down below if you wanna get
you one so girl
uh-uh no it's not doing anything it's
not doing that that was them okay
all right don't freak out mine's mind
you I have not put a call in my hair
since maybe like end of May this is how
much hair I shed for two months this is
my normal shedding about who why even
this feels good I was like I'm like it
feels like something I want to say this
is about the amount that I shed on a
weekly basis you finally got a hair
video out of me do you like it you love
it oh you would know what products I use
I'll put them on I'll be nice link them
down in the description box down below
if you want more details on how I get
lint at your hair like me by my falsies
natural hair guide a guide for the extra
kinky coily girls we've got baby hands
and sleek updo Swiss franc boy final
Ajala PDF if you don't get the download
link email me Oh buddy and PayPal this
view you just won't get the book
