hey guys this Josie it's August first
which is actually Evelyn from the
Internet's birthday so everyone go wish
her a happy birthday and I feel like she
is the person who I found out about Veda
from so it just fits I feel like I am
committing video suicide by committing
myself to doing Veda which is vlog every
day in a month that would they begin to
the letter a August so every day this
month I am going to be putting out a
video of sorts this year has just been
it's been weird where I'm remiss to call
a year trash or bad because I'm at the
age worth like I don't I can't afford a
year to be wack the whole year I'm not
I'm not super young anymore my time is
valuable I want to make the mall so I'll
just be living on purpose
and I feel like my chakras are not
aligned I may be to be toeing on the
bitter side of things
I am not operating at my best part of
adjusting that is to commit to doing a
video every day and just putting out a
lot producing because I've him in
Holland and not put out what I wanted to
put out so if I put myself to this test
all the best your support is a lot of
the reason why this year has just been
blah and not like super-dee-duper like
trash
I was talking to rain Rose the other day
and she was like she asked me how I was
doing in conversation because you know
in areas I said you know I'm kind of
been depressed but grateful like I don't
hate to say that I'm depressed not
because I'm ashamed of depression and it
is something that I deal with because I
feel like I've been public about some of
the things I'm going through and people
people use Karma conveniently you know
there are people in this world that do
not have my best interests at heart who
are watching and waiting and I don't
want anybody to ever own well I don't
really want anybody to own any aspect of
me the good or the bad like my bamaca
owns are good because you know my mom
and my daddy to own the good that
happens to me but like you know it's
like when you you kind of live in a
public sphere and acknowledging going
through less than positive situations
and knowledge
hardship you're going through and
somebody may like you she deserves it I
told Josh this was wrong with her it's a
nigga you ain't guy but my brown girls
have just been awesome because of y'all
like the high parts in this year the
past two years really is because of like
smart brown girls and just how
beautifully amazing and awesome y'all
are what else because Veda videos can't
just like announce Aveda isn't enough oh
I don't need to know pop star but we got
to talk about Malia Obama I love that
name that's such a beautiful name
and I know the Obama girls when we when
Obama was first elected in 2008 Malia
was 10 and I believe Sasha was like six
or something or maybe like eight um and
we've seen these young ladies kind of
grow into their womanhood and there's a
recent video of Malia get her little
offbeat's work on at Lollapalooza this
week is Chicago's now are people really
in a tizzy because homegirl was like
boot boot backing it up on her other
homegirl like she's 18 and she's not
free like I mean she's free but like she
18 and like The Secret Service is on her
leg lives her parents gotta be on her
like this Fox News gunner like who
you're blacker on what have you done
wrong today feel in my heart of hearts
for her is the fact that the video
circulate you don't have no audio on it
so we are all like it's Michelle
anything like my mama and I feel like
all black momma's got a common green in
them she mind like oh my baby ain't got
no rhythm and Obama Aaliyah you know
Leo's like to clown the ones they love
pushing buttons I feel like that Sasha I
know got jokes I already know Sasha the
one that got the hot sauce that her bag
yeah I mean left malleolus she gonna go
to Harvard she even gonna pleasure
whites or D or be an aka it's okay she
still live we still love her if we
supposed to be all about the carefree
black girls
why can't Malia be carefree even if she
all beat she marches the beat of her own
drum I was that kid whose mother
purposely put them in the
class because my mother thought I didn't
have no rhythm not because she thought I
was going to learn rhythm because we
wasn't into an elite-level dance classes
she did actually sugar laughs at me
my mother literally put me in tap dance
so she could I did a ball change
healthful apple app to spy me some some
oil the Lions is that the Otis the Timmy
a song from The Wiz not otherwise The
Wiz
we did but and my mother just had jokes
for weeks about how her daughter me I
had no rhythm in that well you should
see my baby just up there couldn't keep
the beat to save her life I moved to
Brooklyn at 19 and found my rhythm and I
don't you inaudible are we getting into
it like the Bush twins didn't get caught
with alcohol with using their
grandmother's name on a fake ID to buy
alcohol when they were 17 please dancing
doesn't suggest that she's gonna be
doing anything else that one they sent
her off to college she's gonna be up you
know dropping it low and sprained it why
for all them hooligans that are in
college right Michelle Obama her mama I
promise you Malia has some sense she
just said the sticker y'all think of
yourself well don't think of yourself
cuz somebody I ain't got no sense I'm
gonna think of me though cuz I had tons
of sense no I was a kid I wasn't you
know because I got I was told by my own
parentals and I had no rhythm
I didn't that dance in public no but
around my homegirls I want dr. Louis by
the way though act like y'all be all
honest um I am a woke black woman and I
am above the misogyny that in the white
patriarchy and the oligarchy and the
imperialism that exist in this society
that future be drops on you in there
girl it's okay only the people in your
intimate social circle know how strong
your thighs is yeah
Shing that won't stop saying Emily y'all
know y'all wrong over there my dagger
leaves
see you tomorrow deuces
