hey guys I'm Josie the og smart brown
girl here on the YouTube space meeting
you at the intersection of pop culture
and cultural the capital C and you know
just talking about daily issues that
impact women of color for my smart brown
girls and I have a dope opportunity
coming up with the one love tribal club
who is all about bridging the gap
between cultures and inspiring travel
and getting back to the local
communities that they come from and they
travel to I along with Evelyn from the
internet who was just awesome balls
amazeballs and the glow up game with
2016 has been amazing for her are
hosting a trip to northern Thailand with
the one love Travel Club this coming
November girl right around the corner
but it is an awesome opportunity for not
only my smartphone girls and Evelyn's
magical black girls and just everybody
in between it's not just for the girls
the guys can come fill to Kiki and
explore another part of the world and
bridge the gaps between cultures and
communities how dope would that be other
than in myself will be hosting a
workshop during the retreat I'm smart
brown girl meets magical black girl on
being woken find a yo happy because a
nice times girl we know the stress can
be my real we are doing community
service portion with it volunteering I
believe on the second day of the trip
get to chat with some monks I mean can I
find my inner peace so far my Zen my
third eye my chakras alone yo i'm most
excited about the fool because like he's
an Americanized pad thai i am super
excited to you all the street needs
throughout a little motor pad bite and
eat me some authentic pad thai and thai
iced tea i'ma lay off on a sugar just to
be prepared for the back in thailand i
am absolutely most excited about the
food and the people and the culture and
always being close to the Sun and get
night Melanie own fleet yog in it ka
will be going to Bangkok and on a river
cruise and I think this is just a really
really dope opportunity to align with
someone who is empowering people to
travel and curating really
thought-provoking and inspiring trips
for the
likes of us so you can find out all the
info and sign up and make a deposit I
believe the deposit right now to get
everything start is four hundred dollars
and currently it's a good time to buy
your plane ticket if you decide to go so
far all this info by visiting one love
travel club naw Kham the trip is from
november 20th of the 28th and i would
love to have all my smart brown girls
and those who intersect with the magical
black girl movement i mean i feel like
we all wanted a thing go we just you
know we just have our own Brandon but we
all we all down we all whoa black and
lick right so join us for this lit trip
hot fire more fire one love trouble dot
club alright this is
