clink clink clink clink Clank I hope you
are T that thumbs up bye and cuz yes
it's been too long Bishop is obviously
talking about legs together i love to
get me but we gotta get to the pop slurp
okay what you drink it on grapefruit
juice went mezcal oh I liked art
beverages all the details on the beauty
aspects of what am i wearing my face my
hair description box first up we gotta
cover what's going on in orlando florida
follow me on snapchat you already know
that my whole daddy side of the family
is from such a florida polk county
actually was in Orlando last month for
my grandmother's funeral I mean so just
see how all this tragedy coming out
Orlando I mean clearly I don't even need
to have family on Orlando for it to be
sad to me there's christina Grimmie am i
pronouncing her name correctly she came
up to youtube but she was on one of the
television singing competitions and she
was performing in orlando florida and i
believe she was signing autographs or
something and this dude who's been
obsessed with her he just walked up on
her and shot her in the head and killed
her like just took took her life away
and i'm just sitting it like you know
maybe i'm slightly biased but I mean
obviously because I live in a bubble
where I am a YouTube contact crater but
I feel like a lot of times people kind
of scoff at what it means to be a
youtuber and what it means to put your
life kind of online and the dangers that
come with that like what even with me
when I try to explain you know a lot of
dramatic side a really rough ER in
houston last year when i try to explain
to people about like why these things
mattered to me or why I walked away with
a certain emotional connection to it
people who want to give you like the
Instagram
inspirational quotes my girl I feel it
especially women on YouTube because of
the pervasive culture that we have and
I'm going to be talking a lot about the
pervasive cultures that we embody this
is part of like rape culture or
patriarchy and that we emboldened men to
believe it they have an ownership over
women and so for this guy to be that
obsessed with the woman who we cannot
have we had no direct correlation with
and he has the means and the access to
buy weapons to just roll up on her and
take her life away then we get to the
shooting or the massacre that happened
at the Orlando nightclub pulse if it's a
gay club and just so many feel I mean
felt it's so cliche to be like I have
gay friend its I mean it doesn't again I
want to iterate that as much as I like
want to say these things they don't they
don't need to be in order for me to feel
some type way about the situation you
know but I really did immediately think
about all the times in New York City
like that I went to pride or that i went
to the gay club with my homeboys and
like how easy it would be for me to be
in this situation and lose my life and
then how little we think about the
safety of others right of the safety of
people that don't necessarily fit into
the mainstream ideals in that they're
not sis they're not heterosexual they're
not male and white essentially
disheartening to know that we live in a
society where people feel like they have
the privilege of living over you they
are life is more valuable than the next
person and that there's some higher
being that says so I don't believe
that's the principle of what any guy
teaches but that people will twist those
words in order to make it so is really
just I don't even know that sad or
disheartening or tragic is right to
describe what happened in our land
but this is definitely another pervasive
aspect of culture that we endorse in
America in them homophobia is rancid in
our communities and this is gonna be
this is the hot once approach because
you know I know us black women so we
don't I mean myself included we be ready
to give the strong side I anybody can
tell us about ourselves but what I saw
after the shooting when people were
posting their statuses and however they
were acting anytime somebody mentioned
homophobia without fail there was a
black woman in the comments section
saying oh it's not fair to say that the
people of homophobic like somebody
posted a status about you know what's
really damning is that somebody found
out their child was gay because they
were at this nightclub when the massacre
happened so like the child lost their
lives and they're finding out about
their child's sexuality because that
child didn't feel comfortable enough to
live in their truth but they didn't live
in a society that would accept them as
they are and of course our women in the
black women in the comment section well
how do you know the failures homophobic
I know gave me that hit it because they
just didn't want to give their family
that burden that is argument with my
homegirls in Houston last year when
we're talking about the transgender
bathroom write sins when the same as I
did a video on it a lot of y'all didn't
watch it cuz I'm no yami like it's too
it's too deep because we don't want to
be accused of ever being oppressed
because we are a very oppressed sect
ourselves does it feel good to talk
about it you know when I'm talking to my
girls are like what your transphobic or
your homophobic every time it's like no
that's not it I just want to you know I
gotta research a little bit more how gay
marriage impacts my church but did you
ever do your research I don't this is an
idea especially for gay men that they
have about us loving the culture but not
loving them and it's hard to hear
because people to say one who will love
our culture but don't love us and so
it's kind of like okay why are you
trying to like it's a struggle awards
again yeah that's all strive to be
better people all the way
you don't take a sit you know it's
ironic that after a massacre and even
that I can say hostmaster car like a
thing that just happens here that we
always kind of get really gun home okay
that's ironic too no pun intended speak
up a lot about gun laws that you need to
be passed right after massacre and then
it kind of fizzles away right and I
really do believe that our apathy is
what's killing us whether it is that
when we start talking about rights for
non-binary people we ignore oh I stand
around the conversation you start
talking about transgenders in the
bathroom we talk talking about abortion
rights are gay right so all these things
that we don't necessarily understand her
we wouldn't personally indulge in and
rather than kind of understanding what
it means just to give a person that
right over their body we just cut it
okay yeah and you mean I'm Jana we stay
quiet and that even that you have to be
an advocate for it but that we allow the
hate-mongering to continue we don't we
don't correct or tell the people when
they're wrong about their hate speech
when it doesn't apply to us and you just
never know who's going to act on that
hey it's like even the dude who shot the
nightclub his wife yeah I mean I feel
like she's guilty I feel like she should
see some punishment for it you know
knowing that her husband was plotting
this and not say anything but like how
many of us participate in some level of
this and we're just lucky enough that
the person isn't act on it girl sip on
it cuz we all do myself included
so Democrats launched a filibuster on
the floor it lasted 15 hours in the end
after Republicans to say that they would
consider a gun law Obama has been trying
to bend the ar-15 an assault rifle that
was invented for war it wasn't meant for
commercial consumption but it is
literally easier to get an ar-15 than it
is to get your driver's license and I'm
just not here for the facebook comment
to these backwards as oh my gosh thanks
for telling me so sad for the state of
our country is your people really revel
in hate you know it is this interesting
concept that we are so social media
amplifies a lot of voices and a lot of
us choose to use our voices towards
negativity because to be contrarian
means that we think differently than
somebody else and somehow even when
you're different thought is steep
negativity it makes you feel important
again I'm pointing out things that I am
NOT above I have been guilty of these
same things myself but it's coming to
the recognition of how much we kind of
play into that lastly by Orlando it's
not this whole pop song I'm gonna be our
brother Lando but she girl the alligator
attack now this is all I wants to say I
think it's very very very very very very
girl tragic that a two-year-old was
attacked by an alligator and kill like
dragging to the water disappeared and
that was the end of his life and that is
not only to his mother and father view
it but his four-year-old or she wasn't
that all his sister why this is
traumatic this is like y'all look I
don't even know how you live after that
as a mother I don't I mean I'm not a
mother but if I was another girl walk
like right here ain't never Ned nary
second in my life that you could ever
convince me at any point to get in even
get my big toe into a body of fresh
water in Central Florida that I had a
house on the water and I remember my dad
joke all the time bout throw me in the
water cuz I don't really know how to
swim I made a joke point year about like
bi we're not slaves you could really
taken to the y and just get a swim that
didn't go over so well but I thought it
was I thought it was funny I thought it
was witty well whatever it might have
been ignorant but ok but no no no no you
don't get into the front and if they
they were at the Disney wobblers with
and I'm gonna try to slander the family
but I just feel like at the disney world
resort where there's pools there's water
parks there's pool why is you in the
lagoon to put your toe with some green
murky water at nine-thirty and I you
where there's a no swimming sign yeah
did he put a alligator sign they need to
put it up and let people know it's live
animals in here but Briana it from the
braska it's like inland I guess there's
no I don't know what's in the basket I
don't know maybe a lot of white people
in Wells Fargo that's all I know but or
what's the guy Warren Buffett's Nebraska
to write but as I just I mean I I mean I
whatever r.i.p i feel bad for the family
it's sad but I one last thing that does
have to be said is but what about the
young man's the young toddler who was
Todd luring and now sitting to his
mother and crawled into the gorilla cage
in Cincinnati Ohio and they released the
whole family's history the pictures mug
shots everything and that family call
all the slanders I don't even this to be
so sad that Muhammad Ali passed away and
honestly it is sad but it's also super
all inspiring to look back at what
Muhammad Ali's legacy needs to such a
diverse group of people and specifically
what are these legacy means to black
American and we impacted and changed a
culture coming out of an era at the end
of Jim Crow the beginning of or the
precipice of civil rights vietnam war he
Lee impacted the cultural identity of
what it means to be african-american
even in his venturing or traveling back
to Africa like the second iteration of
Africa being cool in America I do
believe partly we're in like the fourth
iteration of Africa or African culture
being cool in America I get it and I
totally believe in allowing out of
control your narrative because the
matter completely scratcher the splendor
runs the the comments grout a scars run
deep I get it but you know you look at
history of black in America at the time
where African culture became like a
thing of like the intellectual or the
culturally aware it was something to be
looked upon well WB the boy and Marcus
Garvey was like the first iteration and
then like you know Ali went back in 64
which is the same time that Nina Simone
and judge Baldwin and Malcolm X the same
kinase years a lot of them went back um
that was a second iteration the third
iteration was like hip-hop and afrika
bambaataa & like you know the way jay
versace be dressing like a nineteen
nineties kids that and you know now
we're like at this point iteration we're
like the dashikis and Skelley would
David ah okay Muhammad Ali's influence
is heavy it's just it makes you think a
lot about what will my own legacy me as
much slander as we all kept such
criticism we can all catch in the now
when I'm gone who will look back and be
thankful for me standing my ground
honestly the death is sad but what he
left behind is so beautiful than it
almost nothing
it doesn't feel depressing I've heard so
many references Kanye being the next
Muhammad Ali and Oh child yeah girl Ali
was highly criticized during his error
yes Ali was definitely cocky and
confident local bars to what Muhammad
Ali deserves I just I just I feel I feel
I mean I'm we also like his like right
away be sisters I just I don't know I
could be wrong let's just revisit this
conversation a lot of Sadie's going on
and girl go watch my review of lemonade
go watch Evelin from the internet video
or something go get your happy on or go
down low chance the rapper's new album
coloring book girl I was at that album
every day and last two notes undefeated
calm is ESPN's new venture until I kind
of like the intersection of sports pop
culture black identity dope website
great reads one of the reeds they put up
when they first launched about two weeks
ago was a long read on the disrespect
that Obama has faces the president is
just unprecedented for ng other sitting
president and I think he's never go read
it cuz for me it definitely going to tap
into a lot of what of kind of the
fear-mongering that's been going on it's
this current election and i think is
low-key slander pointed at obama what
would make this such a more positive
moment is it Frank Ocean action shot
that album we've all been waiting on he
has dropped the album but he did help
James Blake the guys at forward
Beyonce's lemonade album he helped James
Blake get up get out and drop a new
album so you know you can replace crying
over your ex over boiled eggs we just
listened to a james blake album do you
want to see more smart brown girl
content like this support by becoming a
smart blonde girl patron today or
checking out any of the smart brown girl
merchandise that's listed in the
description box below thank you smart
brown girls stay awesome
