hey guys it's Julie and then we're gonna
do another get ready with me so I got a
new set of makeup brushes from vanity
planet
I was actually searching for makeup
artists to purchase because it's that
time so vanity planet came through at
the right time so I got this 15 piece
makeup brush set from vanity planet
cruelty free brushes and I've been using
it all weekend because I had a Nigerian
traditional wedding to attend
well the traditional and the way and you
know you can't go to a wedding without
having a beat face like that because you
know everybody I the Nigerian wedding
everybody is laid down to the ground get
into the club because you know we here
for the talks and maybe next to look I
like the Instagram fatty or Heidi or
whatever you want to call it is like the
thing now so that's what I'm trying to
go for
so first I'm using the Smashbox
photo-finish mixing the Laura Mercier
since it moisturizer is my NYX liquid
illuminator because the goal is to be
golden and yes girls I don't have the
privilege of a deep melanin we go with
what we have and the only way to look
respectfully melanin it is to go golden
golden beige is still more melon ated
than creamy beige and so therefore I get
to participated in being melon ated via
the golden s now are we not here for it
now of course with these brushes and
vanity planet so it's always 70 percent
off coupon codes a below get you some
and get show length at the same time
taking my la girl Pro concealer going to
highlight and clean up any blemishes so
very smart brothers Daniel Butler I want
to say
Danny cow on Twitter she wrote this
article about like kind of why she was
just over tinder and she was okay with
being single and sometimes body and girl
it just spoke to my soul it's both of my
soul so much that I went and deleted all
my dating profiles only to them realize
that you know bored I only know I made
people in daily thought along my happy
ass right back on the tinder but I
figured I'm tonight I mean I wasn't
taking this seriously beforehand but I'm
gonna not worry about being nice cuz
that's what caught me of legs I was
tempted to be nice and I got so
irritated and it's something to be nice
because dudes as the same some questions
a million times over me okay so a little
bit like yeah we won't clean this up oh
I actually really like this feeling
brushes super super soft just everything
so well so I want to fill my eye Robin
because they're the same way every time
just does come with a slip that tells
you what you brushes for my slip is
somewhere over there I'm waiting to pull
it out this might be our shadow brush
but for right now is doing marvelous
with precisely cleaning up my brows all
right now the Instagram fatty would kind
of requires a really light under-eye and
then a contour you know you get a snatch
doing this look I'm gonna go all out
I haven't contoured and so long girl we
go to the tap tap tap I hope it's
getting strong the older I did the hair
random places syndrome girl it's just
like where why why is her hair here like
on down the side of my neck
waxing pills off a thin layer of skin
and then the layer will grow back over
and then you're more prone to ingrown
hair so if you have curly hair like me
waxing is not the best of methods you
know tinder I'm giving it another go and
I'm gonna allow myself to be more
critical I think sometimes we get on
these ads and then it's like yeah I'm in
the south and everyone keeps hitting me
with this OH
you're so East Coast I think you're so
mean grandma staining because that's
just who I is and I'm okay with it cuz
southern charm ain't nothing but BS lies
tales and fallacies and saying things
you don't have any intention to follow
one through one and I'm gonna rebel and
all my petty reasons for swiping left on
somebody or quickly imagine do I have no
shame now when I ask gonna do it
immediately if it's not his profile how
tall are you
probably some fine-ass Negroes that are
like five any girl peril when I do tell
you to be 585 City
oh man or two inches shorter than what
they really tell you they are and my
answers are clean
five six and three-quarters I know Kevin
Hart sighs man man when I tell you what
to do we meeting in Munich a wet
afternoon man whose top lips disappear
when they smile think it's appropriate
to post pictures of themselves to do
right he's on dating profiles I've been
in Dallas a lot of Mellon ated men have
be curious Lee silky light-skinned way
to be sing all praises so this master
contour kit from Maybelline this is the
contour brush carve out my faith now
we'll set out the cut set the carving I
guess
yeah men's whose upper lip disappear
when they smile like what am I supposed
to do with that you see all this it's
like kissing a cow I would like to get
the clown as well to let me enjoy the
favor of plush lips as well
Negro Yoshida in here with the lights
here under the contour you I said that
with the light hmm so I'm using NYX
blush and Ethel yeah oh yes all in with
doing my blush like a snapchat filter
because I just like the way it looks so
then I top it off with the NYX ombre
blush in soft blush I'm gonna put this
on the apples
so now we have to give some highlight or
right
who doesn't love a fan crush yeah really
like the blush and highlight color in
here and this Maybelline contour can use
some glow like your mama ain't no Jackie
are you gonna do this on snapchat she
sprayed some finish on her highlight and
said watch it melt and it melted and
look glorious so boo it about is a
melting oh oh oh oh my okay so now we
got to do the eye makeup which is what
what really really makes the honey yd
hottie I'm putting this matte primer
that I've had for forever and okra Venus
Lime Crime Pilate you already know I
love this palette creator in the crease
we're gonna blend that into the crease
that sounds like a good idea okay next
I'm going to take news because I want
the red to blend up into that then get
back in this creation feel like this is
doing something what this is doing I
don't know but we're gonna take the
light brown and Pat that all over I
learned that all the way up until the
reddish-brown color all right now I'm
gonna take this dark brown that I Pat it
all over this one it's the base of my
eye I'm gonna take aura and put that
into the crease and I'm gonna take the
dark brow again icon line under okay
okay look at this I wanna come in
through okay so you must have a cat eye
I'm going to use the the wet-and-wild
gel eyeliner in black
my Maybelline again Maybelline is doing
a dance thing is like a cream eyeliner
just to line my under-eye shoot little
kabuki and you sort of fingerprints I'm
a part TARDIS mascara i line my lips
with Mac lip liner a night mom and YX
Transylvania soft matte lip cream
so that's it absolutely love these
vanity planet brushes of course I'll be
a coupon code down below for 70% off and
get the whole set at 30 dollars it's a
grapevine go Instagram
hottie T's on deuces do you want to see
more smartphone girl content like this
support by becoming a smart brown crowd
patron today or checking out any of the
smart brown girl merchandise that's
listed in the description box below
thank you smart brown girls stay awesome
