hey guys it's jolzi i'm brother do a
reaction video because a bunch of people
I did a periscope the other night and a
bunch of people asked me if I'd seen the
Kanye West on Ellen interview I have not
and when lemonade and formation and you
know what these other think these other
cultural moments drop people are always
like going during action video and I
always always forget I am giving you got
glamour illness with the I'm car ahead
rock from the rap life yes boo and the
I'm edumacated t-shirt because I just
was like um I have a thing when I do
YouTube videos I feel like I need to put
something on my face and not look dry I
was gonna put a wig on but I said fuck
it
y'all gonna just have to rock with the
UM a little bit of hotep teeth I'm
giving you right now alright let's get
into this Kanye West rapper disgusting
awkward seats to Mark Zuckerberg on The
Ellen DeGeneres Show along with not
wanting more children but just practice
yeah oh that's cute he's finding this
practice on weekends that's actually
that's all you get to do but Kim has
said that there should be a board of
directors that goes through your tweets
like when you have an idea you could
give them to kit main they can't really
say that the kimberley didn't touch to
be at board and I reckon a to go through
this tweet us
do you think you should have a board of
directors yeah no you think even have
you regretted anything that you've
tweeted nope nothing you've never read
they don't think I'll believe in that
way longer what's the point of thinking
you know what I am not that far from the
general population we don't like to
think
and then you tweeted out that you wanted
Mark Zuckerberg to give you wait up wait
I was in hindsight
wait wait wait he doesn't regret
anything he's ever tweeted like you
should evolve Taylor Swift I mean don't
make me Kate 4:12 to Taylor Swift but
though my nigga you don't you don't
regret that shit here the regret any of
them is hiding Disick cities in about
Amber Rose bitch like really seven
Zuckerberg doesn't use Twitter yeah even
though I have had dinner with him and
his wife and and you had them about how
I wanted to help the world and he said
you'd help me and like a person with a
baby they're like the pursuit of
happiness like it's like you're trying
to sell this bone-density machine or
something you know how that movie the
pursuit of happiness is a boring ass
fucking happy I got tried to watch it
and I just was not the human race maybe
need to go back and try again existence
within our 100 years that he can make
the human race to bed earlier okay
whatever perception your ass oh look at
his face
Carl Gary here with you starting with
the truth start with that a linear
thought let's rewind that I'm sorry I'm
too human could help more people I have
ideas that can make the human race
existence within our 100 years better if
we had more resources because he's not
already a multi-millionaire whatever
people do you follow cam on snapchat
because I do and that's like my one like
guilty pleasure and the opulence my
nigga you couldn't take a chill to mill
and do something productive for the
community to make people's life better
who had it in Venice what kind of
investments I can talk about me starting
with the truth okay what what how did
you go from that starting with the truth
I have ideas that can make the human
race existence within our hundred years
better mmm period
hmm the paparazzi whatever perception
you have of me starting with the truth
start with everyone starting with the
truth with what everyone's thinking
start there okay so though if the truth
what everyone's thinking middle-aged
white Becky's with no hair that's why
they clap in this shit they don't get
anything give me one example this here
we got an example of some dope shit
artists like Steve McQueen directed 12
years of slave he was considered to just
be a photographer have any won an Oscar
with that and a place where because the
photographer I never went to ask every
question someone said as a photographer
I've never become a director another to
the motion and Co mutually exhaustive
evidence industry I put him into the
shoes and they worked okay whenever
right is it so a dope shit I do that
well better people in some big later
opposition did you own easy you need to
be attractive units cuz I only know fuck
boys that were easy
who are we bettering the fuck boys of
the world whatever whatever your friends
might say because I'm so kind I was you
did he like but I care about people I
care about my dad lived in homeless
shelters less than five years ago with
your daddy so your daddy was not no
homeless shelter five years ago away way
way way way way when did his mama died
mom has been going longer than five
years right his dad with his mother
look at Cody who the segment is no
anyone understand
there ain't no joke is rock camp said
okay ain't no joke I used to let them I
smoked now slim and make sure it's broke
that's what I was raised on rock him
$5.00
RIPD hip-hop started out in the pop
everybody's trying to charge how much
you sold if you play nice white folk
don't know what the fuck he talked about
they not by the way no Aaron you're not
so rock in their eggs no try clockwise
well Picasso is dead but I smell Jonas
is dead okay
Disney if you like frozen which would
good name of this thing breakfast
there's nobody living that you can even
say but no me about being likable we've
got a hundred years we are segregation
again what do you have like known the
existence of the universe and we
constantly try to pull each other down
not doing things that help me eat he
gave me all that matters betray nice now
things better through my skill set my
skills I'm an artist can make the world
better I have a condition called
synesthesia where I see styles I
definitely found everything that I'm
actually a really good talented painting
shop the guards ready that one I see the
importance in the value of everyone
being able to experience a more
beautiful life weight without make
clothes I wonder what that means that
your clothing would be cheaper to look
at all the beauty that I'm told that I
can't listen and the easy anytime an
important issue is something but I
remember going to school like and fifth
grade and wanting it to have a cool
outfit okay they call the head of
painless the hell I probably want to
work with you I want to take white one
get one free photo slipping away bullies
are getting
the amount of materialism he's talking
about was that help the way bullying I
already have Instagram anyways connect
music there was a terrible Michael I
literally have to be Michael Jackson of
apparel in order to break open the doors
for everyone that will come after I'm
gone okay so we did already have
Rocawear what does rihanna doing with
Puma okay what's Elijah will come on
what time so Dario so funny with ivy
part point fingers what are these more
affordable clothing lines that have been
started by black celebrity because he's
not too bright the most wait I'm sorry
daytime television I'm sorry for the
realness well whatever he's smoking I
would like to know so I can stay away
from it actually do I want to stay away
from me
