hey guys it's Julie we are back at it
again okay we just watched episode three
of insecure as always I watch the
episode a couple of times through I got
my little ooh I have a Chromebook now
this thing is so I'm feeling it and it
flips over like this girl I love this
little sucker I love it and I'm you know
took my little notes while watching and
secured so I'll be rough if so to you
I'm sorry the lighting is a little bit
weird because I'm at my line sister's
house and queens I have not moved yet so
it's a little weird I have packed you
know the lens if you've been watching
our videos you know I don't have my
normal lens I've made a mess of trail in
living room she is so gracious I am
living like ISA sleeping on this couch
right here behind me you know I I could
I could pay to rants I just my
apartments not gonna be ready to the
middle of September whatever it's not a
update on Julie's like this is the
insecure of you let's get into it so I
was so three I want to say overall this
episode eats hair looked I was like oh
girl I'm gonna do something style I need
to take it off we all like this my skin
friends going Michael Jackson we go up
and do me something with my natural hair
Felicia girl I'm feeling it and I loved
her hairstyles in this episode we are on
the third episode of season 3 and it's a
little slow I'm a little bored cuz I'm
not gonna stop watching right like I
still am i insecure fan but I feel like
I should be able to create critique
right to give a crisp criticism ah the
episodes are 30 minutes they are very
short episodes so to drag out a
storyline like this especially after a
much more like gut-wrenching and
pow-pow-pow season - I'm a little thrown
at the slow and meticulous speed that
they're taking in pushing along this
development of Issa well the front of
development of II so because it's always
been a show about ISA um and
particularly her relationship with
Daniel and the development of Dale as a
character didn't really go any faster or
slower last season or did I just we I
think the difference may be and I'm
trying to like interior eight my own
criticism here right I think the
difference is last season the storyline
between ISA and Lawrence was a pull
through of season one so we had a whole
season to meet the character Lawrence
and then we get a season 2 so like that
really she was already develop and then
particularly what Lawrence Lawrence's
friends and I think that's maybe what it
was I didn't really particularly care
for Lawrence the character but we had
Lawrence's job which was quite a few
people and that was interesting and then
Lawrence's friends who didn't see the
light-skinned house cat Negro um the one
that came to me with him that mom was
hilarious plenty of one-liner if you
guys see the dynamic more of like how
male friendships function can they be
though some of the you know how they can
use some improvement we just got more of
that maybe that's what it is so maybe
the issue is that like the Daniel
storyline is really just Daniel and
there's not a lot of interaction with
characters outside of ISA like what
Lawrence Lawrence don't interact it with
ISA the ISA friends Daniel is Daniel and
like what still do for a living because
brah we that that is that is si papa is
that be Papa even if maybe Raphael
Saadiq
you know created that beat for them oh
this is so bright how do I turn this
 down I think we finally are getting
somewhere in their relationship with
this episode but I low-key felt like we
could've did this last episode like the
the past three episodes really could
have could roll down to like two and
then we could have been moving on now
because at point like there's only eight
episodes in the season I'm like okay
this is a little boring that's where I'm
at with this okay so you know we open
with the HBO required sex scene um
you want y'all sex crunchy and spicy is
that what you did about ISA I mean no
judgment I guess so this will sweet it
meant to be funny and I'm just like oh
wow ooh mmm all that morning breath okay
do what you do boo I want them to make a
comment you know this show makes me feel
very judgmental but that's what these
reviews are their judgment on the
episodes it's funny to watch Issa and
Molly's interaction Woolf regards ISA
explaining what's going on with her and
Daniel and Molly be some anti Daniel
considering the young house cat named ro
who she is deep in the well with but I
guess now we haven't seen draw in two
episodes we haven't gone back to that
storyline so maybe maybe Molly's making
progress but you know as much as I want
to like make a call out about that call
Molly out you know with the pot calling
kettle black it's it's like three pots
three kettles I'm a pot and a kettle too
because we
been there with our homegirls knowing
our staying and then still out of
love right because I love you know I
don't feel like Molly is judging Daniel
from our plates of spite it's like I
know this never benefits you type
situation and you know I might be in a
situation that don't benefit me but that
doesn't mean you got to do the same
I'm doing - you know I love you enough
to still keep it right with you and
still have no best interest at heart and
that is what Marley has he says with
this episode though overall I was very
happy to finally get back to Molly's job
I just love that dynamicism that dynamic
about her character you know she don't
have a love life together but what Molly
does have is her profession her career
oh stop beeping I know it's New York but
damn like even when she walks into the
office into her new office into that
little 0.5 second like yes and Molly's
work outfit Molly is slightly cliche
though that we are going down the nigga
Ville route of the black law firm not
having this together like we just cut in
all sorts of wild corners in the year of
28 now DocuSign with that whole scene
with a persistent and like not having
DocuSign that was just like you know
what I've never I've had companies email
me I'm not in fact I wasn't in a PDF it
was a doc it was a DD OC meaning I could
go in if I was in the Furious I was like
I was a scammer I kind of going in and
swish that itch up and this side of the
send it back to you and you trying to
take me to court what says that's what
DocuSign is looks like either you use
DocuSign and then when the girl was all
like oh we could equipped him did it a
name in Adobe but that's too much work
adobe has a thing called a dogie sign
and then there's like hello sign they're
all basically saying when they encrypt
the documents you said into the purse
and then there's like legal
ramifications within like the United
States and Europe or there's regulated
about how a signature constitutes as a
legally binding signature that both
DocuSign at least adobe side I know for
a fact follow those walls so they will
hold up in a court of law
so it's interesting cuz you know I'm not
a lawyer you know I'm just a plebeian a
peasant a bitch that pays I'm a lawyer a
lot of money okay how do you not use a
service that ensures that your documents
or expiry
and legally sign that's Wow to me and
then a courier with LA traffic I'm
intrigued let me know how because that
sounds wild to me and then the meeting I
mean I know how they're gonna set up
Molly because Molly's always a little
bit overzealous I guess I should be
surprised to see the office so on the
nose cutting corners because that is
what insecure does it is kind of always
a bit over the top of some of the
scenarios cuz it's like driving the
point home and I guess in that 30
minutes you gonna go hard but like why
couldn't the whole yeah I mean I need
mine you could have gone hard like that
you saying yeah but alright next episode
I'm intrigued to see that I just you
know I love seeing Molly at work because
I think there's so many conversations
that come up especially as black women
and pursuing our careers and being in
the office and maintaining and so I
think maybe this season will be more
interesting with the interpersonal
relationships with other black
professionals in where everyone in this
scenario essentially is going to be very
highly educated one bougie upper-middle
class black folks and even still having
some isla is moving out she's taking
that seven hundred and fifty dollar a
month apart man girl get you that half
rent with the part-time job that's
actually a really good look though to
Daniels point about you so locking
herself out four or five times since
she's been with Daniel it will be
interesting to see how that she keep up
because of her strong suit is not time
management her strong suit is not self
discipline but I guess when you trying
to keep that cheap rent you won't do
what you gotta do I hope she does not
shoot herself in the foot per my reviews
were painted my Jackson the very smart
brothers episode when he did say it
sometimes you are the windshield wiper
sometimes you are the bug I'm how he
said manages to be both at the same damn
time somehow you are just moving
yourself out you are pushing yourself
over a good opportunity and so we I mean
I'm hoping that this growth kind of
parlayed until this property management
situation actually being conducive and
beneficial to her that's a high hope
indeed I mean David was definitely
laying it on thick this episode he got
got by Vanessa or how light-skinned love
was like I got baby hairs I have options
in LA I don't need Joo and I somehow
that immediately pushes Daniel right
back but then he skims over like he
skipped over having opportunity to build
with her emotionally and immediately
just tries to parlay that into like the
physical intimacy with her I do not feel
like he was simply trying to get in her
drawers I think
he wanted the warmth and that feeling
overall from her which is why he keeps
childlike brush up on her and you know
he's still being respectful of her but
he's still trying to like you know had
those intimate moments with her but then
when it comes down to it when it comes
down to like having that real
conversation and really connecting and
being here with each other Wow Daniel
Wow he just immediately throws Issa
under the bucket at the bus and it's
like bruh what do you even do like y'all
pride and your ego is young Huber is how
you walk into that situation wit Khalil
that Loki was an alley-oop from Easton
and I mess it up like that I think maybe
we were I may be just me I was tricking
to believing that Daniel has some swag
to him you not I mean
unlike Lawrence and that he should have
been able to get in the room with old
spider that boy is a cornball to the nth
degree but you know this just mean the
holdover from Greenleaf whatever you
should have been able to get in the room
and play both yo track and the track and
the version that Khalil flipped and not
make it so apparent that it was your ego
pushing forth this decision like I'm
ideally think that yeah he yeah as my
rep I am gonna play my own track because
I wanted to hear my track and put like
you didn't have to grimace and make that
face and look all mad as house when
Kalia was like yo what about the oh yeah
yeah my bad actually and then I went to
Ali hooked it like yo Mia Khalil worked
on this track because we want to give
you options you know and we could just
produce with both and then you know
maybe we can kind of evolve the track
from there you should have played it
correctly but instead you took the gun
you shot it in your big toe and so now
Cooley I was like man at this whole
track I'm not gonna have someone come in
off of my opportunity and completely
Pike you at it like how does he what is
he doing with himself what and then you
wanna take that take that exile on Issa
I mean he says a lot of things but
that's not how you talk to somebody
about their ambitions and their goals in
life and you don't just come at them
especially in a moment when they're
trying to like show you their care and
concern for you and their gratitude for
you like that was just fine hmm this
spider
talking means the Viola Davis got
titties are you watching this is us my
nigga it's not like vine memes I'm a
little too old for vine I don't remember
you know aside from like jay versace and
Ricky and Denzel I don't really recall
too many too many vine moments actor
like he's speaking in the mediums
that's where that humor is supposed to
be coming from
where are we gonna go from you I'm
interested in seeing how Molly's job and
the firm plays out and if she can find a
way that with all her complaints to
really elevate maybe they'd see the
elevation maybe some suggestions she
proposed a budget you know I mean like
there has to be some way that she can
posit is really inflect I really hope
that it doesn't just become like a
negative I'm hoping that the job you
know you want to see black folks win I
want to see some sort of like can she
make this work type thing versus are
just going to like right away where
do Daniel and ISA go from here is this a
toxic masculinity we're talking about
its kind of weird though because like
ISA took it's taking advantage or has
taken advantage of Daniel and that one
dinner doesn't like pay her do for all
he's done for her either and I guess
maybe you know ISA gave that interview
ISA rain the purse to give that
interview say that this is gonna talk
more about toxic masculinity but we also
are obviously exploring the ways in
which women can be ancient to this is
why I still with insecurities even
though I think this season a little bit
boring this far and it's going a little
slow and I want to be a little more
dynamic
I am appreciating that it's always a
good discussion and it makes you think
and reflect a little bit more that's
always a good consumption of pop culture
in my book all right I'm out
deuces see you next week
