hey guys Josie and I was not going to do
a review on this episode of underground
I was so annoyed but I'm trying to be
consistent by keeping up with my
dedication to do with a weekly review of
underground I need you to definitely
gums up this video it helps because
these videos don't get a ton of views
but and as always support smart brown
girl by becoming a patron and making a
pledge to my patreon account and/or shop
smart brown grab calm and I have two
books about a four-seat natural hair
guide and my collection of short stories
sent on they are now both available on
Amazon you want to get a hard copy of
the 4c natural hair guide it is
available though it's only $5 for the
pdf version and it's really not that
long but I figured just illustrate and
all that someone just happens to want
both it's not at the top but it's still
paperback but if they want an actual
printed edition of it it's now on Amazon
and this International shipping so
everybody don't like so many things I
mean I literally wake up with like 7:30
and I'm here to spend 30 minutes still
working just nowhere near short you
let's give this episode the underground
call grapes I believe this is episode 8
I understand that any time you indulge
in fiction whether it's reading
literature or watching a show part of
being an audience of a piece of fiction
is a willing suspension of disbelief
I feel like yesterday's episode really
kind of pushed the limits to how far my
willing suspension of disbelief and how
much I'm willing to forgive it being a
TV show so everything isn't going to be
as realistic but this is based off of
history this is based off of something
that literally it happened but yesterday
just a lot of things happen to the
episode I'm like I don't eat that ow
I'll get it like how the ability for
August and this new rival way slave
catcher to track down things it's just
spectacularly uncanny but even before we
get to them getting
to the morgue I guess spot of noise they
made getting out of the tombs was an
array the stealing of the dress they're
kind of walking about town it's just
okay okay all right we're gonna go with
this I am happy to hear that they made
it to Kentucky I really had to like look
up a bat and see how far that is
that's far Rosalie and Cato to really
believe that they could one steal
clothes put this big-ass pecky Co heavy
clothing on not nobody notice and then
yell that about town and Kentucky as
free Negroes like there is a large
bounty on both their heads and Cato has
the most obvious of scars ever like half
his face is melted off
if August and this unexplained cancer is
able to get to Kentucky on horseback
that quickly why wouldn't the news be
able to carry that quickly of what these
Runaways look like not only did they
woke up as heroes with huge bounties on
her head to this white man's house but
he was willing to seek them I'm trying
to figure out what the long game is here
you know kind of what was the whole
point of that whole parade because it
just was super underneath this big one
that they keep by side of the graves
without anybody noticing them but they
could go into a store steal clothing not
be seen and then walk about town
straight up to the house and it's not
like people live in like close quarters
it's really the people live on land they
those big houses they live on miles of
land so for them to just kind of walk
about and get all this done I'm just a
mega ray if I'm going to stretch my
imagination this far I just feel like it
needs to go somewhere and that for me
really didn't go anywhere unless you
know you got joy out of character
yes all this Sun is kind of like wearing
him down right and I guess his son is
supposed to be like obviously don't even
trust the Sun kind of innocence I'm
waiting for the point where now his
character is kind of working to show
what I've constantly been talking about
how August is it necessarily
I mean he's racist but he's not racist
in the same form of the wealthy white
man is that he is a poor white into him
that racism is kind of more of a form of
like genuine survival and that he really
does seem like he was titled because
that's how he doesn't make money and
therefore preserve the land a little bit
of house he has flat out tell him you
know you chose the easy option out wow
it's like a little white boy and then it
turns out that August and some can't
even read which just puts him in a this
is all reiterating how is the poor white
people who benefit the least from the
system that do the most work to uphold
this system and when he goes to oh boo
and asked him to read the letter and the
guy says mercury and then he correlates
it's a gold and he's like you know the
bank will probably buy back what it's
worth I don't trust it it's too easy
it's too easy of a vehicle and now we're
here there's gonna be a second season it
just it seems too easy but you know who
knows where this is gonna go
I personally feel like the old white
skinny white boy was lying to
disappointed me the most about the hot
sauce is a net I don't I have so many
questions about what was the purpose of
Samuel your same time make it the the
politicizing of the endorsement of
slavery you know write those lines the
man we're saying in the Paula Cole's
were lines I think I hope they were
directly lifted from the South Carolina
Constitution or when South Carolina
wrote the letter dissenting from the
Union I get the purpose of that imagery
would Samuel hanging from the front of
the house like that in front of the
United States flag I mean again this is
that was it like direct pay I've seen
that painting before isn't there a guy
who did a painting like that I get where
they're going with this but I didn't
understand necessarily the vehicle in
which they put Samuel in to get to this
point in that Samuel was presented as
one making like one of his favorite
slaves he's one of his most skilled
slaves one of his most hard-working
sleaze
he is the son of Ernestine we didn't
take the chance to run away the first
time and he wasn't trying to buy his
freedom he was trying to buy his
brothers feet freedom and we didn't
really kind of see any sort of
indication of change when he was having
that conversation would make it and
making it said oh I'll think about it he
knows that his running away is only to
the detriment of the family member that
he leaves behind and that the punishing
is probably gonna come down on his
little brother and possibly Ernestine so
we're having to run away and then not
really run away just run up the street
to the next white man to ask him if he
can pay him $100 for freedom no one
couldn't God darn well that the his
sister and the other side they're on the
run
there's a bounty for $500 on their head
what is it
make the I already told you how much it
worked is how you go into the county
whatever is it the County Sheriff what
is fat white man is how you think he
won't hear any more about you and he was
in the place that had interactions with
these white people because he was a
builder and if he had the means to raise
the funds in the first place in that
white people were paying him as a slave
for the furniture was building then he
would have had the opportunity to
interact with white these white men
again why at that point in time can he
be lay can I buy my freedom from you it
just didn't
I don't believe Samuel is this dumb I
can't accept that he was back naive I
get what they're trying to say about
Christianity I get all the references no
matter how much of a character this
reverend is in my meme is so evil you
know Ernestine the rider survived and
her willingness to cut off her own sons
but so that she knows he will still heal
properly and how much I love Ernestine
that because I love her character I
really don't agree with her kind of
train of thought in that scene where
Samuel is like I'm ready to die and she
was like no you need to live and say
well if we want to stay and we want
what really is the point of living feel
like her asking him to live and to put
up with getting his feet cut off is a
very selfish act for her you know it's
just that that is her child and I didn't
get a lot of the setups that were
happening in this episode I don't know
why Earnestine feel so bold considering
everything that's happening knowing that
the Reverend is still around and this
man has it out for her and I'm low-key
think samuel was hung because he is a
senator and his name I get that the the
showing of a lynching the showing of
kind of how this fear this elicit fear
that white men having black people I'm
not annoyed to play where I'm not gonna
watch the show you know it's just
working my nerves it's so suspenseful
I'm just so huh but can we can we just
not I don't need to see nobody I don't
even one kid dies I'm annoying as Kato
is is ready a Hokkaido is to kill
everybody else I really just I don't
know that I want to see anymore almost
it's like what's the point of the story
you know because we haven't actually
seen that much of how the underground
works we interesting to see how they
wrap this up in the next two episodes
let me know your thoughts in the
comments down below them you know and
I'll see you next week
deuces
