hey guys it's doozy and now new
surroundings where have you been girl I
have been slow but you like my wall I'm
so proud of this look young Jules what
are you saying
savage so this video was actually about
Mike sweets at YouTube LA and quickly
the highlight of it was when Quinta
turned to me it was like yo you really
are savage and I'm like my nigga thank
you this is my family and um one of the
things about living in a city where you
don't know anyone is that you do miss
the things that are familiar to you and
I love my family dearly so to walk into
my house every day and see the legacy
that I come from is so awesome ok so
YouTube black and LA happen the end of
March this is late it was just such an
awesome experience I'm just so thankful
and blessed that I had the opportunity
to go and I think it's very important
for me to recap this event even though
it's late because there's things that
I'm gonna address for those that are
interested or that have YouTube channels
and are black women and are dealing with
whatever and then I always think that
there are ways for you to take things
that I experienced in life and apply
them to your own because this is how
many ways that I enjoying it so many
ways Kendra who works at Google who can
see thought up got herself up like a
position that didn't even exist at
Google like do anything how major that
is she is a young awesome smart brown
girl a graduate of Howard University
more so then all the inspiration I took
away from YouTube I been meaning to send
a thank-you letter I needed to do this
video first but just seeing a young
black woman kind of go into it what a
space that's dominated largely and
vastly and to be able to just kind of
have the wherewithal and the adamant to
believe in what she believes in and
stick to her integrity and to kind of
carve out her own space because one of
the things is that this event really did
not have to happen and the kind of
thoughtfulness that went into producing
that together now I know I'm buying
there are other youtubers who did not
get the opportunity to go so I
understand that I'm speaking from a
purely by his stance and that I would've
been hurt if I wasn't I was been like
what am I doing wrong with my leg
getting you know I feel you I wonder
they couldn't put a lot of thought and
it woulda bring out this event it was
diverse beyond just blackness there were
all ages you know gender sexuality
representation the different levels of
youtuber and you know for her to be able
to up sell this to the CEO of YouTube
really means something I were you to
then take it on significantly means
something because they could have
definitely been like why do we need to
do an event catering to black content
creators because like it's not like they
struggling I mean they're swoozie
there's steal it done there's it's my
ray-ray
the Marquis kid that does the tech
videos there's glozell like there are
youtubers that over have over a million
there are youtubers who go to VidCon go
to playlist live and I think it takes a
certain level of being able to
articulate the nuance of the black
content creator experience on YouTube
that pretend to be able to do that not
only get to do the event but create a
position for herself that didn't even
exist before
it's just how to get into the actual
event it was who from around the world
and everyone has someone else to
interact with I don't think anybody
really felt left out in this event I got
in the plane I sat across from funky
tequila her who are leading he had no
clue who I was but I introduced myself
when we had a whole little chat and then
we were actually the same car together
that was a really good looking drum that
was smart you know so we exchanged in
phone numbers that we had a really good
long chat about some things I was most
excited to meet the third pew Nathan
because his globe of gamers has been so
real
all the way down my snapchat okay it was
right to me Akilah obviously and quite
dear who people often like every time I
go to something and I'm like oh I'm a
youtuber only no akela I got to meet her
so now I could be like yes I do I know a
killer goes I really appreciate like
walking around see like the beauty gurus
all together there and like sharing tips
and advice and really kind of bringing
in the new people looks like you might
have met someone that you have never
heard it before but regardless of what
their following is everyone kind of like
they were all embraced
I was so hyped to meet dorm Taemin
closing party that happening Prasanna
fine wise event was so well put together
because it is so easy to get these
people that kind of have following sure
we're popular online and then you know a
lot of times it we're like we're a
little standoffish and everyone was just
turning up like turned up the Lord I
came on and it was just so high it
ordered the guy some doors payment are
so much fun like they really made the
party lie I've had some panels we heard
an eight-part critique about Birth of a
Nation which item yo let mean that kind
of undergrad most of screening for that
cuz it just might need to be done in
that list and then Maura Brock Akhil I
got a picture with you know I don't pull
this work hard often but trust them
believe when I saw her walking out the
panel while Russell Simmons panel still
going on and he's trash um I definitely
changed my it was like so door let me
get picture real quick yeah so right
right here right here tomorrow
you know how much be Mary Jane has
influenced my content and how I speak to
my smart brown girls
I just knew help honey and also time and
energy who in your life is draining your
time in your interview
how I got here and seeing as a platform
I did Kiki with kwadir Alonso LaRon I'm
just like how am i saw is de Nieva and
kevin we went to dinner together after
we all have plenty of drank I know Kevin
didn't briefly speak about me in a video
I personally don't agree with him
broadcasting our personal conversation
it ain't no hard feelings though we you
know it got a little it got a little
heavy but I don't even go into details
because there's no way for me to tell a
story without kind of making him not
look as good as he would like to come
across I'm gonna let him hide this got a
story and this you know we were good
after that it was nothing but love well
specifically what the event Ramey
realized wine is that I need to do
better at treating this as my full-time
job Jackie I you know was there and I
follow her on snapchat and I love her in
real life and she's inspirational to me
because she really does shoot this like
work ever from the Internet's wasn't
there by her beta videos she did one of
my hourglass and you know it's producing
more content and getting it out there
because I do think we all kind of fall
into feeling like what we're doing is
not good enough and I've definitely been
in that space a lot this year
and realizing I can't I can't allow that
to stop me I just need to keep doing and
keep producing damn drops rolled up on
me and he definitely gave me the
business about me not posting my content
on a timely and daily fashion you know I
got humble reheats from people to talk
back they gathered me all the way
together and I appreciate each and every
one of them that read me my rights and
told me how I need to get my life
because a little fight for me the
experience that is different for black
women on YouTube as I kind of mentioned
in the beginning of the video there are
youtubers that have over a million what
I think the key and having a large
amount of subscribers is you have to
speak to an audience outside of yourself
so for those of us that are very
tethered to speaking to black women
because it's very vital we I'm kind of
gonna take an L it over that's really
close to a million and has an almost
total like black audience is natural 85
and the work that she puts into what she
does is amazing
I don't know that there's any a woman
who
is identifiable immediately as black
identifies as black and speaks to a
largely black audience that is not shade
to anyone but I and it's not to say that
these women are less black there's a
certain identity that I haven't seen
cross that threshold it's either comedy
or you know you have all white friends
you speak to a teenager audience what
you know that's cute girl get York away
I'm happy for you or you're
light-skinned and wavy it was great
somehow to see the diversity amongst us
I do exist cuz it's really easy to get
in this bubble and feel like there's
this only this kind of youtuber is
successful I I really have to praise
that the business acumen of like Missy
Lynne and peak male Tony of my natural
sisters irony to India with Kiki Dee in
real life and Houston but all the
sisters are cute I Loki having a little
girl crush on Tony because she's just
adorable like she's just so cute and
she's like cute in real life and just to
see all that black beauty together I was
just like oh my gosh I'm gonna cry good
beautiful we saw in this space as a
black woman on YouTube it is hard to
hold our integrity want me to just stick
with it it reminded me that number is on
everything I can be appreciated at any
level even be invited to something like
that really kind of validated that one I
have a lot more work to do but then I'm
on the right path and I need to stay
committed I did a video last year about
the fear of success and how hard the
process is especially when you realize
that you can't be successful there's
this really small window because I think
maybe I'm so used to being broken I'm so
used to strongly leaning
that's almost what my comfort level is
and it gets slightly out of that it's
scared the out of me like it's
really psychologically a lot to kind of
get over and keep on and stay committed
especially because things do this cup
gets thrown at you and things do go
wrong along the way and trying to figure
out how to pick up and keep it moving
you know we had a Q&A with the legal
team the head of legal for YouTube and
there were I noticed that all the
questions about hey or neck
comments came from the black women most
of the men who largely do comedy and do
it in groups and they they have a the
Brotherhood all YouTube is legit black
women and expressively because Akilah
obviously didn't ask this question I
think at least for us especially for
like the two of us and others who are in
the kind of social political commentary
space is that it really does hurt to get
hate from people that look like you as
an other black women who nothing appears
to be inherently wrong with them in that
if I was out on YouTube we met each
other through mutual friends he wouldn't
throw shade each other we might not be
friends at least be acquaintances like
we might run in very similar social
circles and to see these people invested
in taking me down it is psychologically
a lot to get over I know I have to get
over it it's just par for the course but
it doesn't make it any less hurtful and
I think it was really good to hear
someone else kind of speak that out and
realizing that it's not just me we all
have our different ways of dealing with
it but we got to deal with it and you
know keep it moving we got it we got to
get over and just flat out what we have
to do with all that said hopefully it's
not too long another video I am going to
do a SBG
series as in Smart Brown girls like sort
of like Veda vlog every day in April but
it's not it's April about these gone and
I don't know how long I can commit to
what does happen when I upload videos
frequently people tend to watch them
less I'm going to try and not let that
hurt my feelings to munch I'm not saying
I'm gonna put video up every day but
what I do want from you guys is to tweet
me every day at 2 p.m. it doesn't matter
what time zone you live in and 2 p.m.
your time tweet me and be like yo
ostrich was really video and just bill
my ass just remind me that I serve a
purpose and I need to do things on
purpose
thank you smart brown girls y'all are
awesome port smart brown girl you can
shop smart brown girl make that patreon
pledge girl that's another thing the
book club needs to come back but I got
it like pay for some things to be done
so we can so that patreon and if the
mejor is too much there is the full
see natural hair guy the guy with the
extra kinky coily girl who thought that
baby hair sleek updo the springboard
right I got you fight Allah Allah
support five your way of support let's
make it happen do this many people who
tell the truth that it's not only the
pain of blackness like we are and I've
always been more than our pain so I
think about Nathan's end and the joy
that he brings every time I see those
videos of meat and trap covers that was
important about the work that you do is
you don't expand the way we think about
street telling in blackness there's so
much of the work that we did in protest
was about the trauma and the pain but we
know that that is not the only plant
experience that the pineal blackness is
at the richness of our identity is real
and that joyous of president blackness
and we admired and we did not have joy
we would not be here that we have always
made it to a tomorrow that we did not
think we could do and that it is so
powerful
you
