hey guys it's josie and while i had
mentioned politics and passing and the
importance of voting in spurts I haven't
really directly talked about my overall
political views with regards this
current presidential election we are not
all going to agree on this and I'm okay
with that but I still want to hear your
respectful opinions on this topic and if
you enjoy be sure to thumbs up and join
the smart brown girl movement by hitting
that subscribe button this is not an
endorsement I'm absolutely not telling
you which candidate to vote for in this
election that it would be helpful if i
provided some insights into my train of
thoughts on the topic the ideas that i
want to inspire my smart brown girls to
not just listen to me and take my word
or anyone's word at fact but to do their
own research to educate themselves to
come up with their own opinion on things
i hope to inspire each of you whether
you're american or not whether you're
even able to vote to be involved in the
political structure of your communities
and do your due diligence in research to
form an educated opinion stay with me
here i'm going to try and not get too
heavy on this the United States of
America is one of the most diverse
countries in landscape resources and
people and I feel that it's important to
explain where I'm from and the places i
have lived as they have helped to shape
and impact my viewpoint as an American
because locality is very important to
how Americans view the country and their
political system I am an African
American woman i was born in Delaware I
went to college at a private university
and an HBCU before graduating from a
Jewish College in New York City where I
then lived in the better borough of
Brooklyn for eight years and then I
hopped around the East Coast so I
finally landed in the great south of
Texas and i was living in houston until
i recently relocated to dallas texas
which is where i met now clearly i love
to move i am an entrepreneur who was
working the creative services and tech I
grew up in a pacifist religion and right
now in my adulthood I'm pretty middle of
the road as far as I feel about the
church I mentioned these things because
we often over
look how facets from our childhood and
even things that we glanced over as
adults shape what matters to us
especially when it comes to the
presidential election this election is
just girl I'm not fascinated or in love
with any of the candidates but to give
you a peek into how I look at the
overall presidency even in my absolute
love for Barack Obama and mice tandem
for all things Michelle lebon Robinson
Oh papa yes I'm so happy to have a black
black black woman's son in the white hat
and my sisters and shadiness and smart
brown girl pneus Sasha and Malia Obama
Barack Obama's approach to foreign
policy does give me a bit of
consternation because foreign affairs in
America is a complex and complicated
matter that you really can't go to
president on fully until like eight to
ten years after his presidency I'm not
super well versed on this but whenever I
dig into it I either love a president
for its foreign policy or love them for
their domestic social policy but never
for both I like the ideology of Woodrow
Wilson and his approach to foreign
policy who Obama could at least see them
as being a little similar in their
approach but he was a flat-out racist
when it came to this domestic violence
or FDR lyndon b johnson who ushered in
an era of social reform and domestic
policy but you know waging and LU zhi
wars in asia or placing asians and
internment camps aren't really my thing
either though FDR was anti-imperialist
hmm over the course of the last three
presidencies we have seen the
Republicans focus on empowering States
to become as close to aunt onimous as
possible especially with the black man
sitting in the office I mean a black man
who told israel's netanyahu i am the
african-american son of a single mother
and i live here in this house I live in
the White House think I don't understand
what you're talking about but I do Frank
Underwood a thing then the GOP is scare
bra and while mainstream media will have
you thinking the presidency is the
end-all be-all much of a Southern and
Midwestern United States for the
Governor's House and state legislature
are gop-controlled have quietly
district imposed restrictive voter laws
and focus on dominating seats in the
House and the Senate together which
makes up our Congress and they've
successfully done this throughout
Obama's presidency so what does any of
this have to do with how I vote is ball
one a lot of the concerns that I have on
a social level as a resident of the big
old ranch state of Texas are not
controlled directly by the president
axis of all the states it's the closest
politically to being his own damn
country and it's a home with a nutjob
Republican presidential candidate
senator Ted Cruz you wondering where he
came from your local election yes
Obamacare or the properly termed
Affordable Care Act needs to be improved
upon but the improvements I want to see
and cause access to better doctors as in
more doctors actually accept my
marketplace health care insurance our
state issues and most of the GOP states
did not opt-in to Medicaid expansion
which would have funneled federal money
into their health care system within
their state so basically the southern
United States of America where the bulk
of poor people in this country live did
not opt into the function of Obamacare
that will provide better coverage for
the working class poor the next
president can overhaul all they want
even if they manage to get this massive
overhaul on the same bill that my state
and every other Republican has basically
been trying to sue in order to get
repealed so even if they make that
happen I still need my state governor
and Department of Health to get it
together and pass their all malls that
agree with the federal law my biggest
concern with bernie is his unwillingness
to address foreign policy past
immigration and naturally a domestic
issue he's much better at talking about
social policy than Hillary yes so I'm
happy to see him as a candidate cuz he's
making ish hat for Miss Clinton who is
giving us an coin politician to you and
not worry about that district 30 life
but at no point do I believe that Bernie
would be such a darling with the
pristine political legacy have you been
a senator or
titian of any level in a state where
black people actually live full lives in
Vermont how about New Jersey Ohio
Pennsylvania Mississippi even at home
state of New York or where slavery and
Jim Crow no a very deep well a systemic
racism and oppression but money and
infrastructure moves vallians because a
rich one a better view wait till Cory
Booker of New Jersey runs for a national
office and the claws come out nice
incarceration is definitely something
Hilary needs to atone for and I hope
regardless whoever wins a Democrat
nomination and therefore the presidency
nope now I even here for nanner of the
Republicans in the least that way that
people continue to be engaged and how
our government is run we rollin up and
asking for transparency now but can we
will any of us stay vigilant through the
next two tired because no president ever
just runs for one term I mean think
about it how was the three strikes
you're out law that led to mass
incarceration even pass I personally
remember an arrow the early 90s where
black leaders were applauding the
efforts to clean up our neighborhoods
leading states to pass there all along
exactly what's that bill clinton follow
in California because i feel like the
low-key had a law like this on the on
the books first no i don't remember i
was a good third grade and then we had
an air that followed we're having a
family member who was incarcerated was
like a verification check on your
blackness the difference between state
prisons and federal prisons and state
prisons currently have a larger
population than federal prison so that
means that we have to start tackling
individual state laws where it places
like Louisiana Mississippi Texas and
Pennsylvania or some of the top states
with incarcerated populations our
community also have a lot of work to do
in digging ourselves out of the
respectability politics that often
stifle s-someone ending I cast my vote
for Hillary with the full commitment
that i am going to work to be locally
involved that when i curse out my health
insurance i will also take the time to
look into the mechanics that are making
it awful for me when i say
lives matter I will not repeal a civil
rights bill because I want to restrict
the access of trans people hello Houston
I am committed to being involved in my
community and ways that fit into my
lifestyle we cannot individually take it
on nor can we expect all of us to agree
with each other just because we look
like each other but at least start with
the things that matter to you whether
it's women's health education child care
job immigration civil rights or liberty
and start small we are all about
encouraging smart brown girls to
redefine duality and flex their
diversity as individuals to benefit
their community so go vote they engage
and be an awesome smart brown girl pi
miss obama i miss Michelle Mordo
somebody figure out a way for me to get
the White House I can beat them
you
