good morning it's the last day well yes
actually my last day my partner blew
this angle is so weird
okay ask what's done apartment tour
before I moved everything out sorry
oh my gosh poor time management skills
here but I am gonna do an empty
apartment tour since I'm moving out do
you see how well I packed everything up
packed so well up that I didn't have a
hair dryer to take this down probably
should have a better time spinning with
that thinking it down before the movers
came with beginning of the month
oh yeah there's this little foyer area
when you cut anything I kept on my Delta
stuff cuz I'm not cat I'm not trapped we
are not keeping it all over all over the
house but uh books with all the painters
such a beautiful space and I loved it
but let's start with my favorite his
favorite part of my apartment which was
oh the closet which is pretty empty we
have a suitcase to pack some last-minute
things down that's all being donated
neck pillows which obviously as much as
I travel I really ever use them I love
everybody standard one-bedroom apartment
traditional style apartment but this
walk-in closet was awesome and I've
packed them well everything up except
for these last few items ooh this
lighting no Jesus let's see if we can't
open up the blinds that lighting was
giving you all sorts of yellow 1980s at
night you I packed everything up in my
closet except for the stuff that I was
putting on my Poshmark store so all
these items currently are on my posh mug
store actually need to pack some things
up already sold shout out to you girl
this is cute you're gonna love it got
this made in Ghana has it worn it and
forever because I have so many Ghana
pieces this I wore once sold hope you
enjoyed the wedding sorry I got outs you
so late I'm selling this dress which
I've worn I think I'm doing this two
times now yeah I wore to hobbies wedding
and then I wore it to pegasister
Sangeeth son's youth Oh India was BOM
Julie why do you go to some when your
African weddings girl I'm at the end do
you want to that was my best one I
basically did it why why why are you
clucking I just got to have Irish
friends while you make it then speaking
of African here
this African print by Raoul Raoul he
also helped design the outfit that
Beyonce wore to her baby shower for a
true me and sir
I bought this I love Ann actually if it
doesn't sell I might just keep it it
maybe I'll write it again but don't so
many dresses a girl I'll go to church
breath I don't be going to nowhere that
requires me to wear a dress please not
my parents but I keep in my mind always
buy a new dress for an occasion and then
oh this is a so stress that my gut won't
let me be great in never wore it the tag
is still on it it doesn't look like
anything but it's like the the low back
I can get it down to just like a slight
Fupa you know I don't mind the pouch I
mind the hang time that's what I want I
get this thing on every wall every
bedroom that I have is this a vinyl
decal I buy them off Etsy I find this
fine there's not one person around the
room there's a bunch but I love that my
apartment had windows across flushed
across every wall and it this looks so
much different empty because I had so
much artwork of but um yes God we don't
finish that laughs a little bit of crap
right there before we leave this morning
Tom was this I love that my kitchen was
not as soon as you walk in I don't like
washing dishes I'm not good at washing
dishes
mmm so you walk into my apartment
sinkhole other dishes not the move it's
in the center I can help discreetly hide
it in my mind that's probably a lie but
that's how I think about it and that's
how I thought about it so we are headed
out of Dallas maybe I'll just get some
final thoughts hold on a few final
thoughts of living at Dallas I'll do a
final like for real for real video when
my overall thoughts of living in Dallas
I don't work right staying here I loved
loved my apartment oh I can show you a
little bookshelf that's in the foyer
when you come in I love the location I
live downtown Farmers Market area
there's farmers market right across the
street I'm now giving out details gonna
live here no more no more stranger
danger happening I'm living about Silas
video is up I'll be living in New York
not living in New York I'll be chilling
in New York will era
Oh No not living in New York mm-hmm push
my move back because it was a bigger
unit that I wanted and it's not gonna be
ready until September 15th as much as I
like I hate living everywhere I'm a
critic of
think I complain about everything girl I
just is what it is I'm appreciative of
my time here in Dallas I'm appreciative
of what it did for my mental health
appreciated of having a space that I
could truly love and cultivate and I'm
excited from where life is gonna take me
I am a person that does not live in a
traditional sense I do not live like
most people live so I don't expect
everyone to understand what I do but I
do hope that I just inspire others to
find their own peace not live according
to everyone else's society with more um
live the way that you choose to live be
happy with that I understand that there
is it's gonna come on amount of
struggles a certain amount of loneliness
and uneasiness but I don't think any
part of life is easy even if you follow
everyone else's ways of life or what
everyone else believes you should do and
I think the best thing for me is the
fact that like yeah I go through
struggles yeah life is hard at times
it's like oh the depression and
loneliness you know all these other
things that I kind of I live in a public
way you sort of into that does give
people fodder to be able to talk about
me or throw things back in my face
however I'm going through all this by my
own I'm gonna say cognition but that's
not the right word but I am living life
according to the way that I want to live
life and so I feel like it is easier for
me to whether certain storms because I
don't think I would avoid the storms
regardless of how I was to live and so
I'm gonna live according to my truth and
I encourage you guys all deliver come
into your truth there is nothing wrong
with moving you can afford it if you can
emotionally have the bandwidth to take
it on by all means says take a little
risk of mine and I will see you I'm
gonna see you again before I officially
move but you know catch you in that next
city I'm excited for it do
