carry one each to Z and welcome to the
grown-ups guide to growing up in this
show I help you navigate the ins and
outs of growing up and I'll teach you
everything you didn't learn in school so
let's look at today's question
oh dear jolzi I just graduated from
college and I have started my career I'm
worried that with all the work I'm doing
I don't have enough time to keep up with
my old college friends how do i maintain
the friendships that I chairs so much
yours truly amber while amber that is a
great question I can definitely help you
with some tips on how to maintain
friendships post-college to ensure that
they are happy and healthy regardless of
the distance is for my shoes in the
fridge oh hey snoozing guys this is my
roommate snoozy um I was just getting
ready to give them some tips on how to
maintain friendships post-college do you
have any why would you do that do what
go to college I mean you could just
start an online boutique for like
Instagram with all the hottest fashions
wait is that what you did I mean it's
what I tried to do but I just couldn't
get it straight with the merchandise I
mean it all kind of look cuter on me
anyway right so one thing you can
definitely do is use social media don't
be a social media creep but do use it
towards your communication advantages
every social media app has a messaging
service so don't just like or double tap
on pics but send a message tell me I'm
cute tell me why hair is slated or my
eyebrows on fleek or not personally I
love snapchat you can watch along in the
moment and keep in touch with your
friends halfway around the world and
there's just something so tantalizing
about being able to send a message that
disappears right after you watch it even
if it's to tell your sorority sister
that you love that new lippy she's
rocking and you're going to steal it but
next time you see here because it
probably looks better on you anyway here
let's understand try to my friend Monica
hey Monica loving that shirt you got me
for my birthday I'm still wearing it and
I still look cute love you bunches
thanks so snoozy do you want to send the
snack now
I'm on facebook haven't bought the fun
I'm liking all of my friends pics and
tagging him in the picture even if they
have nothing to do with the picture like
this one with the llama eating the
noodles I'm tagging Tiffany in it
because I'm sure she likes to eat
noodles and I wanted to know that she is
my best friend that's my best friend
yeah do you think I can figure out her
password you might want to tone it down
a notch or two and speaking of to find a
reason to stay in touch long-distance
relationships don't need to be relegated
to social media you can stay connected
through mutual interest or shared
hobbies like you like to eat out try a
new restaurant once a month wonderlust
catch a flight deal and do a weekend
getaway with the girls or try something
you've never done before like a fantasy
football league girl I didn't know
nothing about football till I'm best at
my ten dollars into a fantasy league and
now I know everything because ten
dollars it admit it matters to me
compare that with the group me or a
group chat and I now have a common
thread with my homegirls to let them
know that I can be the best loser but
the poorest winner because I will stomp
on them if I win diving in the t-zone oh
yeah I am great with that I heard about
this Prince of something we did that
only need at five thousand dollars in
order to earn his inheritance so I got
all my friends together to help him and
even if they didn't want to do it I just
stole their credit card information
because I'm sure they'll be grateful
once he gets to America he comes up with
all the mazuma soumik dollars yes three
make time make plans you know once you
graduate college and you start your
career you will be super busy but the
same is true for your friends and so if
the relationship matters you'll make
time for it and if you made the right
friends they'll make time for you to
actually if you've made the right
friends they'll all have gmail so when
you send them a calendar invite via
email it auto populates on their phone
or desktop computer if we're tight on a
budget potluck branches are the best and
game nights are super chill see i'm
scheduled a weekend trip to the beach
with my homegirls for next month right
here on my phone on my cowboy look at
I calendar for me I have a bump in
mindfully some great plans so on the
fifth just is going out of town so me
and her man is going to dinner and then
on the eighth and ninth we have to go to
town for work so me and her man are
playing a weekend getaway that on the
21st my home girls are all trying to get
together for a brunch which means that I
can bail and have all the men's over to
our house for us snoozy leva God you
can't go cheating on all your home girls
with a boyfriend's that's just all full
but I put all my calendars let me that
I'm grown no so for remember that it's
natural for friends to drift in and out
of each other's lives you're busy very
busy things do happen but don't assume
that they're automatically your enemies
or even bad friends good friends always
come back around isn't that right
snoozing totally really investing yeah I
mean it's a big long life and friends
come and go but it's all about
remembering the good memories and the
good people not the bad one well I'm
really surprised and happy to actually
hear you say that well that's all we
have for today if you have any questions
that you would like me to answer leave
them in the comments down below and if
you see snoozy a shell door lock it run
maybe me cuz it'll move in alright
thanks for watching deuces
