hey guys it's Josie and today with me I
have my line sister Natalie and we are
going to do a continuation of a video
that I did almost two years ago with
Evelyn from the Internet's about African
Americans and Africans in America that
video started a large conversation and
when I did the video with Evelyn I got
so many comments about well what about
the doing Claudia West Indian or what a
Caribbean like fine with both the
political correctness is saying
Caribbean West Indian that's kind of
what it's termed in New York so for the
sake of this I do understand if you
don't prefer the term because
Christopher Columbus did not land in
India so today we're going to do a video
about African Americans and West Indians
or Caribbean people in America so
Natalie you want to explain how you
self-identify and where your family's
from okay um my family's from Haiti I
was born here in America
however when someone asks me what do I
self-identify with I like to think of it
as twofold so I always ask that but what
do you mean my ethnicity or you talk
about my race so if it's regards to
ethnicity that identify with Haitian
American or Caribbean American alright
if someone's ask me with my races I'm
black so that's that's pretty much how I
look at it and I think it's important
for us to preface as we have this
conversation because a lot of people
have really personal feelings about it
neither of our culture identities are
monolithic so why I identify as African
American and Sheldon a fire station
American we are not speaking for the
whole what we are asking from our own
personal perspectives right absolutely
not speaking to the home but have you
been to Haiti since you've been born in
America no I've never been taking the
political atmosphere in Haiti was just
so safe unstable or you know in so much
turbulence that I guess it just would
have been safer to stay at home so do
you feel like that all changes
your cultural identity I've fully
claimed hey Diaz the origin of much of
my culture I fully identified as Haitian
American because I do think that there's
I do think there's a difference between
being Haitian and Haitian American I'm
growing up I grew up in Flatbush and
Bremen Flatbush Brooklyn in New York and
as as much as someone can say oh that's
like being in the Caribbean or you know
as much as someone could say you have
access to let's say some foods or you
know the cultural experience it's not
Haiti but access to be American
privilege right now what I know of you
it still seems like you had a pretty
patient upbringing Lee obviously so your
community was pretty insulated even
within Brooklyn so because you speak the
language it's Haitian Creole but I'm
pretty sure if you go to Haiti they're
not saying it's Haitian Creole oh okay
well I think it American have to
identify because there's so many other
communities that have a sort of creole
language so what was your first language
um I'm pretty sure my first language was
Haitian Creole I mean my my father
speaks some English just English is okay
yeah um it's not his strongest language
to speak my mother seems she's not
really strongest beginning English
either and my parents raised me I had
older brothers who spoke English but in
the household phones to communicate with
your parents
yeah you spoke the language of your
parents and how has your family
assimilated to American culture or have
they not I you know this kind of goes
back to living in an insulated community
where I'm not quite sure what where
American culture enter begins when it
comes to what's going on in my household
like I know what's definitively Haitian
and I somewhat know it's definitively
American but I don't really know what's
going on in the middle I know from what
my parents have told me you don't cook
turkeys on Thanksgiving this I can't
tell you all the ways in which my
family's
what are your relations and then what
are your family relations with
african-american funny when I was
growing up and living within that that
insulated Caribbean community right
where your neighbor was from somewhere
and that somewhere wasn't Tennessee or
you know anywhere in the south neighbor
was from somewhere in the Caribbean or
in South America kind of had this
ignorant view like I I knew that there
was a civil rights movement I knew that
there were you know people of color who
you know had roots set in here to
slavery here in America but where were
they I didn't know they were in Brooklyn
with you I also think on some levels
that the black community in New York
gets like it's not really fun to say
you're african-american right
historically we haven't been as
culturally proud as maybe some other
culture okay I said the West Indian Day
Parade is way more popping and the
African American Day Parade in Harley
like like it's substantially so right
substantially so that a lot of
african-americans will pick a country
and identify as that right like I could
tell you I'm sure dining up something is
like what's good and like it's kind of
interesting you could grow up in
Brooklyn and not really deal with
african-americans here with a low
copulation at my high school had
african-americans just who were they I
mean I don't stand it probably goes back
to what you're saying about pride it's
not like they're waiting around American
flag and I think that's what happens a
lot here what students turn when do you
wave around an American flag you don't
and cuz a lot of us don't even feel
American and so it's a that's kind of
like when people start commenting my
videos and they're like oh well I am
Beijing and so I have you know we don't
act like African Americans I mean it
always comes back to like I'm
differentiating each other not based on
cultural differences but based on less
than differences and it's like well how
do you know that person is what you
thought they are it's a college this is
when I started meeting all these
different people and saying oh where
have you been hiding someone's up to
college up in Harlem and so when I'm up
there and I'm meeting like the
african-americans in Harlow cuz I think
there's a stronger cultural pride about
being african-american and
because of how much even though you know
best is historically a black community
right I think a lot of the you know if
you have absentee in church you have a
lot more kind of like the Harlem
Renaissance you know there's a like my
fam my mom's on the family is from
Harlem but then a lot of them are from
Brooklyn and the Harlem people are a lot
more kind of like very strong in their
identity as african-american okay
where's this Brooklyn is like I'm you
know I'm Brooklyn for him anything else
other than my friends that I made in New
York I could tell
most everyone who's West Indian or
African like where they're from and then
it's I can't but I can't tell you who my
african-american friends are for sure
okay then cuz it just doesn't come up
it's not a thing that comes up in
conversation unless someone's telling
you oh I'm from South Carolina like
they're from all my friends that are
from New York born and raised like I had
a homeboy who for the longest time I
thought he was gonna die again and he
was there a retention in your
relationships as a Haitian American with
other African American no I didn't grow
up with the mothers I didn't meet them
until I got to like college and if I
knew them in high school I didn't know
that's what they were I didn't know
growing up in New York have you felt
that you finished people assume that
you're african-american yes I time I
stopped seeing any one of my race it was
that I was African Americans like there
was no other identity beyond that so I'm
not sure how your parents feel about
African American and I'm not saying this
about my parents specifically but other
Haitians I've spoken to other Haitian
Americans I've spoken to other Caribbean
Americans and I've spoken to in
conversation you're going to admit on my
end at least that I always had this
impression we're a little better oh yeah
I mean I'm on a schoolyard running
around losing my mind like kids do um do
something wrong I'm expecting some kind
of punishment and it's going to be
severe you know me a parent from my
parents I don't think that America cares
gonna give but then there's some kind of
impression I've always gotten from
statements made around me that know they
get grounded or something
you know they don't get spanked
essentially they don't get the right
type of you know one thing I will give
the choice thing and that woman up at
4:35 absolutely not I never did know and
I don't know I did not have a wicker
broom they had to bend over need the I
didn't have those either Sean you know
my homeboy Sean whose parent attended
ITN was the best at sweeping floors and
he went wake up every Saturday morning
and sweep the whole house I noticed
culturally speaking that there was a
different way of approaching chores
going up it was always you know we're
into our studies and we're really
focused and adult I can think to myself
no there were a lot of Caribbean
American people that I grew up with who
didn't do they didn't do any work
you know I so how do you relate to us
now well I still think that I'm
different I think I have a different
culture I mean I have a different
language different music different art
different history different things to be
angry about and things to celebrate but
I do think that there is some
commonality I mean if we walk down the
street together next to each other um
you know we're and this is something I
also heard you at the first video you
had but if we walk down the street next
to each other we're both black yeah but
and we both have the same American
experience here we both both being
impressed by the same system still kind
of battle some of the same themes within
our communities and so that's where I
can I can relate to because if I had a
conversation with you about hair
textures and what our history with hair
textures and our views on hair texture
is we can probably talk for a while yeah
you know where you have the RISM works
the same way I mean you guys have we
have a Creole community right you guys
obviously have a Creole ruling community
I'm sorry ask Natalie specifically
obviously she's my assistant but I ask
you because you're Haitian and one of
the first things when I came to New York
was learning about kind of like why
Haiti's at the back of the parade right
why they get the last float or kind of
the own ethnocentrism that even exists
in the community and I think for what
city is different because you guys are
all separate islands you know you are
separate countries you're not you are
separated by water right you weren't all
colonized by the same country right so
there are there's a lot more room
for very four more distinct cultural
differences even though there is sort of
this kind of community there is I think
there is some unity around the concept
of being an Islander though there is a
good bit of division that I did I just I
wasn't aware of until I came to New York
I think sometimes in the conversation
about Caribbeans Haiti definitely gets
left out a lot okay I think you guys get
dogged out a lot I think there's a lot
you have probably one of the communities
that gets the most negative
representation like when we're talking
about stereotypes like how are you know
like a lot of people comment on my
babies about being teased and that's why
they keep themselves separate from
african-americans because I'm kind of
teased one and I almost feel like well
maybe you didn't have this big issue
with african-americans because you were
trying to get through the other West
Indians first in the 90s definitely
experienced that I have family members
friends who did get teased who got
jumped or beat up yeah I was always in a
place where there was a strong Haitian
community but I don't think at that time
the Haitian voice within that community
was really protecting me either friend
of mine who has a story about getting
jumped on their birthday just coming
home trenched in blood and this is a
matter of people for an organization one
thing I do remember battling with a lot
you've always had jokes about voodoo and
witchcraft and all these things that I
had no exposure to at all and so when
when someone's pointing at me telling me
that I practiced some kind of Wichita
and I'm just like what are you talking
about who the same church you do I do
when I see as portrayed in the media
it's just like that movie it's like some
dirty people who speak some like it like
some language like I could I'm listening
to these Haitians on bad boys and I'm
just like that's not even Creole like
what are you speaking right now just
thing to see people kind of rap being
Miami Haitian
RUP beings oh okay which it gets the
gang out of that community down there
okay so it's like okay if we're if we're
combating kind of this negative
portrayal why then attach yourself to
something that kind of actually is a
negative but then in hip-hop you know I
think some of that also has influence
because like Rick Ross was not even
Haitian just a shout out so gay so does
blow away your legs okay I think what I
think the terms Oh has become synonymous
which is saying that you're Haitian that
I rep being Haitian I have like this
this like radical pride in being Haitian
and so when people are like oh yeah oh
my those out there the you know it's
like saying no like we understand this
is like some kind of radical mindset and
that you at this point it's just like
you just straight up showing some pride
in that and if you go back to like like
West Africa like people from Togo
constantly get like overlooked in the
conversation well you know like
english-speaking countries within the
same sphere always seem to turn their
nose up at the the more French influence
country and I can really only speak from
my experience as a Haitian American I
think much of that conversation that has
a lot to do with happened after Haiti
got its independence or what has made
y'all pay them back so I got never got
out of within us more than that there
was you know there was all this
propaganda and there was all this like
silencing of the revolution it was this
this whole like oh well let's not let
any of these other colonies or
you know places with slavery going on
let's not let them know that this
happened because then they're gonna get
inspired to revolt as well so there was
a silencing there was all this this
entire smear campaign okay and you have
you have you know presidents of nations
calling Haitian people cannibal saying
and saying that they did all these nasty
barbaric things and people start to
believe that so if you've had these
strong powerful nations pulling apart
your culture putting out on TV that you
practice some kind of witchcraft that
you know it's all like this negative
witchcraft that you're practicing
they've been portraying you in a
particular filthy disgusting way and
then they've just been starving you then
what stand up you know you're looking at
a group of people and you're thinking
well the reason they can't come up is
because they don't want to if you don't
have the context to to say okay I can
see what's happening and I can I can
sympathize and you know and I can
understand if you don't have that
context and have that education then you
know you're just gonna go with the
ignorant views and it's and I think and
I think that's very true of every
culture we always have a look that over
some people just don't they don't want
to do better you don't want to be woke
you know it's hard to kind of constantly
be conscious of the world around you I
think people get teased on all sides of
the Diaspora and it's always kind of
from the community of it's
understandable because mob mentality
runs everything yeah like everyone to
some extent is a conformist you can say
you're as individual as you want to be
at some point in your life you know
you're a conformist right where you
heard some popular opinion and it framed
the way you view things you create a
kind of bias right and so I think I
think that's kind of where a lot of the
negative energy or why people are left
you know out of the conversation it's
it's conforming to what some popular
views might be you know so when I like
when I think about going up and I think
okay I specifically remember this kid in
my first or second grade class who I
knew was Haitian like I knew this kid is
Haitian like
I knew they were Haitian I saw their
mother at parent-teacher conferences and
hearing this cuz I'm not Haitian on the
Haitian like I don't know what people
are telling him at the time you know
maybe I was wholly ignorant to what was
going on in the setting but maybe people
were like oh you Haitian or a scratch or
some stupid insist that everyone not
American get called a booty scratcher I
don't know but I heard it but now more
than I ever need to my life I think that
is like the dig of the African Diaspora
that well I would like to meet the
person who first thought okay but that's
the way a lot of people I have to
research the etymology that's like
really a thing I'm gonna do I'm gonna
look it up maybe it's a mocha PDF page
on it no other do you think Haitian
culture has influenced any part of
American culture or African American
culture or the African Diaspora at large
but on the memo what about Haitian
culture am i familiar with I've had soup
jammu my fact that you didn't bring mean
I know you did bring me some did I you
did I feel like you and Jerry I'm
basically at high Haitian food I've had
crea which I love I love the accent that
she news when you say these things I
said griot
what accent of my using it's all good um
I think judgmental America it's okay
my culture is different you know there's
just bilingualism that you know I've
I've had to face you know and and not
that other cultures don't experience to
some degree but I think you know their
their ability to access English words
might have been a little easier right
whereas for me you know every time my
parents need to speak to someone even I
needed to translate I need to be there
you know or sitting down and and
battling with bilingualism on my life
I'm having an understand some accents
way better than I do
whose accent I don't understand
anybody's next I mean well I grew up in
the most part when I'm communicating
with people at for a long time I was
insecure about speaking out to people
because I felt like I would use the
wrong words heap always tried to correct
me when I
used to ring and you remember to go
online no cuff you feel about relations
with Dominicans in New York have you
have y'all have y'all crossed paths yeah
when I was younger there were a few
scatters of people because it's met in
the Bronx I'm not with ya
there were scatters of them of Hispanic
descent where specifically I have no
idea where they were from to be honest
but when I got older and I got you know
I started venturing off uptown you went
to the follow me rocks I started really
disliking the conversations that would
have with people my beef because you're
Haitian and they're Dominica you know I
never I never actually had that that be
and I would say that the Dominican
people that I'm cool with now that I
have friendships with now on you know
when they when they think about the
relationships they think it's a pretty
 up deal and I don't think that
this again I haven't many they make it
in the state to even with what's
happening currently right and and I have
met a few who I think they're just a
product of some ignorance that they are
exposed to
well like they'll stake I don't agree
with this but then they'll make certain
statements gone I have to get to myself
is it worth checking them right here at
this moment or should I find another way
to check them yeah and so I've had had
that experience but no actual animosity
where you know there was like strong
beef in Brooklyn however a few times
my mom has come head-to-head with a few
people who were not necessarily
Dominican when they were Hispanic yeah
and and you know the statements on both
ends just didn't seem the most
appropriate yeah well thank you Natalie
for joining me in this conversation do
you have any lass I love making everyone
I know uncomfortable on camera she's
sure they're all good right so if you
can relate at all to Natalie's
experience and identity has black in
America as a first-generation Haitian
American in the country leave it down
leave your comments in the comments down
below leave your thoughts yes those in
the comments down below and join the
conversation
I think it's great to remember that
black in America is ever-evolving that
we are all in someone's interconnected
yet unique in our own cultural rights
but no one is great
the other and we can all just get along
Natalie and I get along great
you do sometimes most of the time most
the time yes it so 9 alright thanks for
watching
deuces
