that's juicy currently in Brooklyn and
Beyonce came through this weekend
disrupting all our lives and our
Facebook newsfeed
I'm still waiting for someone to answer
what happen at the nollans
and now I could to break down all the
motifs call two references and a few
criticisms of Beyonce's formation Beach
all babe Beyonce will forever be
polarizing simply because she is a black
woman a black woman who carefully
controls her image a black woman who was
the biggest pop star if not celebrity of
our time and she dropped a video that is
an ode to her roots as a black woman
from Texas it is black as fuck it is
Texas well specifically Houston Texas
and a declaration to remind us that
while she has transcended to the utmost
status of celebrity she has not
transcended or deviated from her roots
whether you consider them country or
Bama
now everyone has not had the pleasure of
residing in Houston Texas or just
generally living in the south so has
everyone had the pleasure of relating at
an HBCU that would be a historically
black college or university where you go
to the football games not to watch the
actual sport but to see the marching
bands and the majorettes whether they
are the dancing dolls over diamonds yes
girl slay or where the term Bama is
thrown around at the Jews that are
always on the yard but don't actually
matriculate at your school clearly
formation was hand cradle for your
marching band pleasure formation is so
black it is so african-american it is so
southern african-american that of course
everyone is not going to get it but it
means something so sincere that Beyonce
use her magnanimous platform to
acknowledge her people and her roots are
people that is oft overlooked and ripped
amongst themselves whether or not they
have a culture to lay claim to African
Americans most definitely have a culture
though it is not monolithic and we don't
have a nomenclature to define the
different sectors among us which lends
itself to Beyonce identifying her dad as
Negro into her mother as Creole I do use
the term Negro myself and I stand by not
policing how black folks who's a
self-identified I'll be honest a
long-standing identity of being Creole
and it's a major culture out of
Louisiana with a stronghold in Houston
they had its own set of social ills isms
and issues I mean be
says not crowing about being like skin
and Sookie but this is a woman whose
first name is meant to preserve the
legacy of her Creole family's name she
gives equal old to her daddy's Alabama
roots at her mom's Louisiana roots
equating herself to a Texas Bama and the
next breath she's revering qualities
that are not necessarily touted within
the Creole community her baby's baby
hair afro and her man's Jackson 5
nostrils I damn near lost a when Blue
Ivy skipped across my TV screen all
happy and proud I will give it to you
that the imagery with Blue Ivy in the
toilet or girls is a little fuzzy like
how conscious was that startup but I
took it personal when people were
critiquing the way Beyonce and jay-z
chose solo IV to wear her hair crowd you
know we don't already been through this
you already know what it is for a
meeting whoever came up with the line
Jackson 5 nostril that is so specific
and hilarious hey Michael Jackson's
first nose or even Janet Jackson's first
those oh no shade it's clear Blue Ivy
has like the bottom half of jay-z's face
so beyonce is letting y'all know that
you are not fitting to shade her
family's nostril she chucked you how did
the land of cheddar Bay biscuits become
the stanchion of Bama hood day I guess
Olive Garden don't really rhyme in that
line but I get the reference but I'm a
hot sauce in my bag swag do you
understand the significance of cultural
markers in the black community that are
often dismissed as cursory what means
something to us I mean they mean
something to me
they might not mean something to every
black person because again no to the
monolith but for a decent segment these
are characterizations that we laugh at
but Beyonce just emboldened don't be
ashamed my ranch dressing black folk who
we love you boo now when you have Big
Freedia yelling I came to say bitch oh
yes yes yes
I like there in my messy Meyer voice and
old to the LGBTQ community gay rappers
and bounce music of New Orleans even the
documentary that they used to slice
scenes of New Orleans from heavily
featured Nicki to be we got the poor out
alone
looking for Nikki to be messy Maya and
Magnolia surely - I mean that whole
circuit has really gone through it that
messy Maya Clint brought back so many
memories I mean I was a fresh Alena
crunk and disorderly fan and messy Maya
was one of my first like entryways until
watching youtube videos on a regular
basis
now it's just like to have Beyonce use
my voice as an allegory to Katrina that
out to trouble the waters I believe her
name is Kimberly rivers roberts whose
voice was used at the end of the video
as beyonce down herself atop a new
orleans police car in floodwaters in the
aftermath of katrina a gross amount of
New Orleans police abandon their post
while others have fun gunning down black
people who've just for crossing bridges
and even others were burning black
bodies and Chevrolet's do you understand
the levels - the imagery that was
sprayed across your screen at the end of
formation cuz puddle and your family be
honest I just took a day and then it's a
Beyonce high and giving us enough cause
for jubilation the young black boy in a
hoodie dancing in front of police in
riot gear I mean the only white people
featured in the entire video were the
police in riot gear that's shooting us
as a clear parallel to the black lives
matter movement I loves it every bit of
it it is so hard to be black and woke it
is exhausting to be a part of the
struggle to do better as an individual
and then get society to do better as a
whole for all of us yes there's things
to be said about Beyonce's hyper
capitalism exhibit in her music but even
that highlights the struggle for many of
us while we tirelessly work to make a
change with our integrity trying to
balance that with paying bills and
wanting desiring deserving to get to a
point of financial comfort via artwork
even when our work is for the community
now beyonce is clearly never beyond
critique just that so much about it is
actually just attacking the status of
her celebrity or its misogynistic in
tone or it actually just doesn't have
anything to do with Beyonce herself
there is much to be discussed in
formation because what this is a very
complex idea even more complex for
Beyonce considering how far she has to
go to retain a sense of privacy I mean
she can't really go on a date to relax
and that's part of what some of us have
a hard time with Beyonce about whether
it's a feeling like what she speaks
about is genuinely coming from her and
then on top of that because of how far
she goes to retain her sense of privacy
and she forces you to digest her music
her art the power of her celebrity
without the intimacy of knowing her on a
personal level it is interesting to see
people criticize Beyonce for supporting
black lives matter or the integrity of
her support as if she needed them to be
there from day one in order for it to be
real she is clearly strategic but I
don't see her support or alignment with
black lives matter as a money-making
move especially we listen of that black
lives matter has his own contention not
only with white people within the black
community itself beyonce is a global
star speaking to a global audience and
black lives matter if it's specific to
black in America let's say Solange
didn't introduce Beyonce the black lives
matter and swayed her to understand the
importance or maybe Beyonce lurks on
Twitter as she does follow directed you
pop up will know everything I mean was
you born naked but woke let's not
tonight what Google has and should be
doing for you and then there's a
critique that Beyonce is it literal or
going hard enough but then when Janelle
Monae puts out very literal solid lay
how you talk about people tell her to
Tony
dumb it water it down so that she could
reach a broader audience and then it
doesn't pick up the steam nor does it
move outside of a very niche audience so
what gives why can't different people
function in different capacities the
conversations around formation
definitely have the potential to inspire
people and do their own research about
various facets of black lives matter
LGBTQ New Orleans gentrification and
bounce music Beyonce has no
responsibility in carrying your hand and
directly educating you that's not her
function as a musician and entertainer
but Beyonce used her music and her
platform to spark a very important
conversation I mean you know you that
bitch when you cause all this
conversation same way Nina Simone went
from being a mega mega pop star to
politicizing her music or Fela started
talking about the pilots
of Nigeria after meeting James Brown or
Maya Angelou after being a sex worker
went on to inspire a lesion of woman
with her pet PS Beyonce's blonde hair is
a non-issue she can rock her hair any
color she choose to it's the beauty of
being a black woman and understanding
that your hair does not define you or
your character how about the agency of
poor black woman versus that of Beyonce
because we all have work to do in this
area as we law our dance along to
Beyonce's declaration of black Southern
woman pride but they make a mockery of
the poor black women for whom this is a
daily lived experience I mean if you
can't go to Bella noche Larry can you oh
well laughs um whoo
and we got you as long as you're not
frying your chicken in Dallas or
aluminum pans you know we got a we need
to lift up all our black sisters
formation is four minutes and 52 seconds
of glorious black women is I was
overjoyed happy elated and revitalized
to see all that imagery of free black
women across the spectrum from the
artwork in the house to the Froude out
Gucci down the answer to the young girls
playing scenes of Mardi Gras to just all
this black gloriousness I teared up and
bellowed with pride what a time to be
black woman and alive now catch my fly
in my cocky fresh always say gracious
best revenge is your paper
