you
you
was 2015 my 30th rotation around the Sun
I could color it so many ways both dark
and light a match or shut a few
insecurities and picked up some new ones
on the way I took risks and build
character I lived in a circle of
inspiration because I believe that smart
brown girl could be a thing I allowed
myself the space to embrace my
vulnerabilities and hurt like hell I was
so worth it I like the wrong guy gave a
buck way too much of my emotional space
but walked away proud without looking
back I embraced the greatness of my
magic even when others couldn't see it I
made new friends grew closer with other
friend got mad at old friends didn't
realize they weren't worth losing and
found their love again I met plenty of
the wrong people reminded that if I
dwell on negativity it would manifest in
real life exposing me to the opposite of
the joy I deserve I learned to not take
away from myself I gain peace before
sudden loss and I don't know that I'll
ever understand it I passed the tropic
of cancer and Capricorn to make it to
South Africa sat on the Prime Meridian
in Togo and Ghana to ensure that the Sun
could bless me I made tough decisions I
grew I made decisions through
insecurities I learned I lived without
explaining because plenty discarded I
cried because I deserve believe so I
took those moments I smile because my
other pains I knew I was growing in the
right direction I lived with integrity
glowed up and a bashing I loved and was
loved
