hey guys it's josie and we're going to
get into some TV reviews because being
mary jane is back on and i've been
getting quite a few questions about if i
even watch the show and i was late to
catch on to the series I didn't start
watching it too after season 2 so now
that we're in season 3 and I get to
watch along with you guys I thought it
would just be fun to do a video on being
Mary Jane because it's such an awesome
show and I love Mara Brock Akil I just
be Mary Jane is a show with Gabrielle
Union it airs on b.e.t i believe it's
now coming on tuesdays at nine it's not
going to be the regular eastern standard
jon is that the regular scheduling girl
we know it but um when I first started
watching being Mary Jane I just had so
many questions about the choices that
Mary Jane made but then the more I got
into the series I was like as crazy as I
thought Mary Jane was and some of the
things that I kind of judged her for for
being illogical I realized that she and
I are a lot alike like I'm almost as
crazy outside except for saving a nexus
sperm will ever be on my to-do list but
a lot of the other things that I kind of
leg hurts snapping back at her friends
or just her over like her kind of hottie
Tottie attitude and perception of her
own life and judgmental-ness of her
equal leveling peers I hadn't realized
like I not that I act out in the same
way but it's not like some of the
thoughts haven't crossed my mind per se
like there's just so much to relate to
on so many levels for so many people
that I'm really really I'm cycle I
really enjoy the show even if I don't
agree with Mary Jane I'm just still like
this is a really good program by the way
sidewise his head on my hands up we're
gonna ask one of the things that also is
who I brought Mary Jane is no matter how
much the misogynist a kind of blackmail
trope on YouTube what's the project that
black women characters are kind of
salacious home wreckers or whatever Mary
Jane when she opened season Wyatt
dealing with I'm Andre played by the
eternal fuck boy omari hardwick
I like the progression of that
relationship because I feel like for a
lot of women of power and i want to say
black women power but i don't know this
study dignity of our rates is that we
will put ourselves in positions where we
know we can kind of control our own
vulnerability and so seeing Mary J go
back to Andre even I thought it was like
dumbest but when girl don't let that
fuck white light to you he be doing the
same channel power if you guys think
shit off for color girls that same ish
on the middle of nowhere the first movie
by able to burn a witch you should go
watch on Netflix because it's good but
oman is just the eternal ain't shit ass
negro and so it's like a short on top of
it girl you know loki watching being
Mary Jane I feel like Mary Jane isn't
that far off from Gabrielle Union like I
can take me acting the same in real life
but I'm just like gotta be you too cute
for this negro what are the only one
that watch these and one up and through
our discomfort with their own
vulnerability we will put ourselves in
precarious situations that really aren't
for our own benefit in the long run so
whether it was Mary Janes you know
really willing to go back to Andre or
just how she even dealt with his wife
and trying to one-up her at the brunch
in and stuff those were all just like
Mary Jane wasn't cuz wore her own
vulnerability and you know that's this
she allowed herself to be in a situation
that was less than because in some ways
she could control certain aspects of it
you know it's like this mind game you
play myself we've all done it the
anything that phil was like the one
thing i really don't care for in the
series thus far this is just so cliche
she like dialed her ex dame they have
this on-again off-again relationship and
they just can't never seem to get it
together like never David's non-existent
bully pics a phone call up it wasn't his
hand cuz he ain't really got no is but
he was in the kitchen with Mary Jane's
best Mary Jane's best friend Lisa who
lisa lisa is talk about how she died on
her knees and put it in her mouth and
lick the balls to and Mary Jane over
here is this intense about a craftsman
so we're waking up in the hospital of
Mary Jane it was a two-episode
here and what overall I love I just love
the writing I've always kind of love the
quote that they put in especially
because a lot of people aren't
necessarily familiar with like Audrey
Lord or you know obviously they quote
Maya Angelou there's been some bell
hooks quotes in there there's been
posted I'm just like oh my gosh I never
heard this is such great material and
it's like you just it's so inspirational
especially for black women in this
episode just was so many points when he
was just like yeah mama Helen her reads
are way more thorough than Papa Pope Oh
scared oh that's like black hobo I gotta
pee with each other but I was I could've
been the only one that was like mama
Helens wins be slinging outfits beat yes
good and she can read for filth with a
smile on her face I mean she just says
things that are so kind of like make you
have to deal with your own reality so in
this episode where she's confronted Lisa
and she's like that his penis enter in
any orifice of your body okay i just i
love mamahalin I just I I loved every
bit are the sea between Mary J and her
little brother isn't PJ PJ was giving
her some real rosero advice it's just
like everyone kind of came through in
this episode and was offering real
length if I just basic things that we're
all aware of but a lot of us tend to
forget in that you need to have a
support system you know even Mary J in
her push back with her brother when she
was expressing how her career couldn't
be everything for her and how she really
does want us in like to get other in
that warmth and that balance in her life
you know that was a really kind of
honest sentiment that I thought a lot of
us have felt we didn't know how to
articulate now Loretta Devine character
is the woman who got in the car accident
with Mary J now anytime Loretta Devine
come on your screen with that extra soft
and sweet grandma down south porch boys
you know her character ain't up to no
good so Loretta by explain Cecilia
Cecilia is conniving Cecilia and them
damn fedoras looking like she bout to go
play a game of poker
I locate one of the annoyed by her but
I'm hai ki just I'm loving the the
multi-faceted pneus we make it a new
wears now I'll her character it's like
peeling back the onion don't allow
people like cutting onions but they
enhance the flavor of your food so much
that you really can't hate on them and
that's how i feel about Sicilians
character like when she was in the
boardroom at SNC reading them about how
aware she was of marketing trends and
the broadcast journalism industry and
then the shoutout to BuzzFeed and the
change in the light market it was like
yes guys even though you that I want to
smack that the door off your head yes
girl and I think it speaks to kind of
how we judge especially black women
especially women that we perceive as
poor black women and how we
automatically dismiss their intelligence
and their knowledge and that's kind of
really what I want to focus on with this
smart brown belt thing is it's not just
for the college educated you know I
wanted to speak to the everyday black
woman who so often told that she's not
smart and she's not intelligent that she
starts to believe it and dismiss the
actual intelligence that she does hold
and I think Cecilia character just
speaks are so many on so many levels to
that even though she's conniving swindle
and ain't shit she's smart and ain't
shit though I really hope that Mary Jane
doesn't fall for this window i loke
think it'll be cliche just because
Loretta Devine always kind of plays the
helping hand mama fairy godmother
character but even if it's cliche I'm
interested in seeing how this character
develops overall like I'm not I'm gonna
I'm gonna hold on my judgment so what
else is there Patrick baby mama Patrick
whole family his immediate like I can't
stand ec nice I can't Niecy Niecy went
over the moon when she was caught
fucking in Mary Jane bed and then when I
throw shade back they marry Jake because
I be I'm a person who believes I could
forgive you and still not fuck with you
as a matter of fact I have a video
coming up on that laters but I would
understand
NEC is family and just not F for her
like girl I'm just going to take my
support away and not see it with you I
cut family members off this year because
the trifle in this that you don't get
that the the earth does not revolve
around you when you are in the position
that you are in you got to take a step
back from being so ready to be on the
defense and I understand that a lot of
people in the situation even if they
don't have the best delivery have your
best interest at heart but nice each is
done and I just you know I can I can
deal with someone who makes poor
decisions and then strive to do better
but Nietzsche made poor decisions and I
want to sit in it as wanna wash it off
for her like that's just I don't like me
see also do not like Becky whatever the
white woman's name is that is Patrick
baby mama I mean I think it Niecy a
little bit more credit cuz you know she
whatever I you know why Niecy I can at
least kind of let's fly but this white
woman's that be so ready to remind
Patrick that he ain't never gonna be
shit because they would never think
wasn't shit when they was together it's
I don't even like like I want but real
quick and knock her out just shut up
just go like if you're gonna be dumb and
make poor decisions go be dumb and
destructive on your own stopped on bring
on the fuck down with you seems the
active for 90 k 60 hour asking for Penn
tease I'm surprised that Mary Jane
doesn't have 25k in cash around not that
even if she did I would be willing to
give it to her but I assume that someone
of Mary Jane stature would just have no
kind of more cash on hand in the bank I
don't know Vera um but the CC asking for
90 k I don't even know why they gave her
a big stink like that because 90 k when
it comes to settlement money and taxes
really ain't nothing and she asking for
pennies I thought was going to be
cleaning the millions but cuz the car
accident lawsuit like people come up
come our way more money for that just
about keeping it quiet about being a
side chick but hey whatever I actually
really like cars character I really
enjoy her kind of struggle between being
a career woman
and being a mother and then even kind of
reshaping how we think about mothers who
don't necessarily have custody of their
children because it's just a better
interest for their child to live with
the other parent I think there is
especially in the American society this
idea that the mom should be the one that
suits full custody of the kids and a lot
of times that doesn't put the favor of
the father either so I like kind of how
they're tackling that subject through
the viewpoint of Cara who was a Latino
but falls on the more European side of
things woman and hurt her own conflict
with her own kind of ethnic identity and
you know the being able to kind of a
pass as you would say because cara that
has not dated other latino men she kind
of whoop tries to push away a lot of her
cultural identity and then you know her
struggle with allowing her son's ago
live with their father full time and
what that means for her as a mother and
you know just being a woman who does
love her kids but also really does love
her career hope that you know Mary Jane
can make more fruitful decisions in her
relationship life but i also just I
enjoy watching her crazy because it
reminds me of my own crazy it reminds me
my own vulnerability it reminds me of
the need to become comfortable with who
I am and own who I am and not walk into
situations ready to self-destruct
because I'm not comfortable with being
vulnerable that's what I just love the
most about the shop so let me know in
the comments down below what were your
favorite parts of the premier what
happened your favorite parts the past
two episodes do you want me to continue
doing reviews on Mary J I'm going to God
of four six seven weeks so I don't know
how I'm going to watch it overseas but
let me know and we'll see if we could
work something out and joining the smart
brown girl discussion major is smart
Braunger approved as always stay blessed
and I'm bothered this is
we
