hey guys it's Josie and I'm finally
getting around to doing a story time
these have been quite popular on YouTube
as of late and I didn't know if I was a
racially ambiguous enough if I had the
cute puckered lips enough I didn't feel
like I had enough baby hair to do what
storytime would actually watch and then
I'm like no this is like ever even
remotely happen to me like um kidnapping
I mean and then I realized oh shit like
I have something that I could kindly
it's an interesting story it's not
exactly kidnap it but um it's pretty
damn close enough actually and there was
a woman in New York we're gonna call her
a doubt Adele I have a blog Adele on her
blog one day wrote about me and not the
nicest of ways basically she like tore
me down to build me back up and say that
she saw something special at me and she
like when it's a hug it out of me even
though she thought I dress funny
Shana shade I was interesting because
Adele and I had mutual friends and like
she was just roots and you like flat out
every time you were out she would pull
this little I'd be talking too late our
mutual friends or whatever and she would
see us and she would come over interrupt
the conversation while I was speaking
and they'd be like oh hey I'm a dad who
are you what's your name and I said
grant we didn't met like four or five
times already like stop with the shade
but I never paid her any mind so in the
blog post she was saying how much she
was rude she never liked me from the
door but she never had a reason and I
never paid her any attention and so it
kind of I don't know oh I don't know
girl
yeah but always been humored by people
who don't like me but pay attention to
me even though before this YouTube thing
it's been a thing and so I was humor by
the blog my mother wanted to know she
could help me get a job and my homegirl
my best home got the time
left her really me and calm and
threatening to beat homegirl up in the
street if you if she wanted to come find
her and so she didn't took the blog down
now her and I like she apologized I
might have
she might have invited me something I
have been drunk on Jumeirah Beach and
Dubai and I'm meant to forward the
invite to my friend saying something
snarky and they reply it would instead
reply back to homegirl and that kind of
you know put the nail in the coffin for
that but I feel like we both wrong girl
I don't think it's what I read to me now
writing the blog isn't even a story
about me so a down and I kind of went
our ways we just realized that we're
like she was rude to me and replied
unintentionally with something rude back
and we just you know like we see each
other in ain't nothing it's no energy
exchange just to say like she doesn't
exist to me and I don't need this to
hurt my back I saw last time I was a
Brooklyn whatever we did but a girl has
this best guy friend who she hangs out
with all the time not only does hanging
with his best guy friend all the time
but in her blog she used to reference
him a lot so like I knew they were close
I knew they'd like clearly like they
best friends and I don't remember how
long after the blog but at some point
because Brooklyn somewhere has all run
together for me now one summer yeah cuz
she wrote the blog post in February
one summer he came up to me at Habana
outpost Habana outpost is like this spot
in Brooklyn I don't know if it's still
pop in now but it's in like Fort Greene
Brooklyn
the familiy ain't that good but it's
free to get into they use just Trump
movies on Sunday night so mojitos are
like $5 and you get some Mexican corn
and it's like all the black people that
we're doing their thing and Brooklyn
would just be out there just be like
beautiful black people no purpose just
having a good time Kiki and great way to
meet people break hi and so I had walked
in the air this is after I feel like I
was a delta at this point so I might
have been like a year later and I walked
into Habana outpost and her homeboy
Adele's
best guy friend comes up to me now I'm
now my sky friend we'll call him arrow
arrow is like questionable whether or
not he actually likes women like I don't
I don't trust that woman's is his thing
and um he's just physically like not my
type
he really goes out of his way to like
down with the cool people like
significantly and I mean I out see him
around because he was always around he
was always with the pretty girls and
it's all in their face all the time but
like I know he was Adele's friend so
like I didn't really think nothing of
him I just thought like his presence was
funny all the time like it's like okay
he's here and I'm going to move it so he
comes up to me I have been an outpost
and he's like can we dance now one
ain't nobody the Internet have been an
outpost was like no I mean I'm still
trying to be nice man but we don't
necessarily like so much trying to be
nice to you you don't necessarily want
to burn the bridge but I'm looking at
him like I know you know you know I know
who you're friends with and like not
that like I can't be cool with anybody
that associated with her but something
in the milk ain't clean here and he was
just in my face and I'm looking at him
like no dude like it was some weird
conversation and so from there I would
see him out at like different industry
parties and he would always come up to
me and have something to say and so just
got to the point where I finally was I
look like let's be clear here like I
don't feel like like you you're going
hard at trying to get to know me and I
don't trust like your intentions here
like I don't want to be the gossip that
you guys keke about like I feel like
you're like you're just gonna you're
just trying to get to know me so you you
and your best friend have something to
talk about and not that I thought that
Adele had anything to do with it
he just struck me at that type of person
who knew who his homegirl had beef with
and he would go out and like try to stir
the pot on the side so he would have
something to come back and talk to her
about that's what I thought was going on
independent of her
so he's like just in my face all the
time as I look like in the nicest way
possible like I'm just not interested in
getting to know you because I feel like
you're so close to her and I know you
guys talk about everything that I don't
want to encourage me being a top of the
conversation between the two of you um
that was it now I wish I remember the
timeline for that from this I feel like
this spans like over a year like between
two summers now
there was a Hennessy party this Hennessy
party had to be the whole combination I
had what arrow happened summer 2009
because I already does it i had just
crossed and then the Hennessy party was
that like October like around this time
of year nice calming performed what was
it for
girl all I remember is that it was open
bar Hennessy for VIP and I was in I was
in there like swimwear just dream and
like drinking my little heart out and
everybody was having a good time and I
was there with Percy and his breath
Sheldon and Sheldon I had Sheldon like
wears suits all the time he dressed like
a kappa but he's a Q and actually that
was the first time I saw Sheldon like
hot like like rep for the breads and I
was like most inopportune time to do it
but I knew we was all like sauce because
Sheldon without an industry event
setting out hops I just got so lit that
night because it was like we are young
black educated and beautiful in like the
world is our oyster like we are on to
some new shit like we shit like anything
is possible right now in this moment and
it was a good time and so that you know
when you're happy and then you drink
whoo that's a new type of drunk girl
like high emotion happiness and drinking
and me are like not the best of
combinations and so this we s the event
was at this club I think usually called
Pacha which is like over all the way on
like 11th 12th Avenue in like the 40s or
the high 30s or something in Midtown or
so I left inside like I've been drinking
I know I'm not sober and this is before
the time of over trying to hail a cab in
New York as a black person was for the
hopes and dreams of those who don't look
black like nah and then I was thinking
alright I'm living in 11:00 trying to
walk over to the a train is waiting for
avenues over that's like a really long
walk it's like I just want to sit down
actually get a cab and I'm gonna go home
with a cab from here to my house and
best side
50 $40 like I don't want campaign but
I'm gonna like I get a bus ticket to DC
for cheaper than that what I really want
to do this and so I'm just like I just
remember thinking in my mind like uh
Sheldon lived in Brooklyn it pairs with
the Harlem Percy was again gotten cab
with my homeboy Harlem and showed them
with white um you know I'm on my
thoughtfulness tonight so I'm not going
back to Brooklyn right now and I'm gonna
being like damn like I'm getting left
and then arrow comes out the club now I
didn't know he was there I also know the
arrow lives to avenues over from me and
Brooklyn and so when he says hey catch a
cab with me to Brooklyn I'm thinking all
right
I don't trust this guy I've already told
him that I'm not interested in getting
to know him for a very specific and
clear reason and he still is like on it
however the worst that can happen is we
get to my house and he tries to pull
something but because I'm in a cab like
I could just get out and be dying like
he there's nothing he can really do
because either way he lives in Brooklyn
so even if we get to Brooklyn and he
tries to say he's coming at my house
like it ain't going down like that and
he has way too much to lose to really
press me like that after splitting this
cab with him to Brooklyn is love this is
how I process it so I did in the cab
with him the cab driver asks for my
address and I give it to him and then I
say okay Oh an arrow needs to give you
his address to ll didn't even wait till
he got back to the brow of Brooklyn to
try some shit he was like nah we go in
our heart we just going at her house
everything ends at her house tonight
and I looked at him like what what do
you think this is like no we're putting
a cab and you're getting out of your
house and I'm getting out of my house
we're not doing this and he was like
what you mean we're not doing what he
was like you can't sit here and tell me
you don't like me
like you like you're denying that you
even like me like you're such a Lila I
can tell that you've been like me and
I'm like what are you talking about like
what pair of words then I'm not
interested in getting to know you can't
win you like what kind of how old do you
think I am is like I think you were
hoping to do with the heart of fuck to
in the bathroom
the club that has you on your knees back
there and I was like oh oh wow
all right like I'm sort of thinking like
I wouldn't really go in this hard to
have like something like you'd really
try to provoke me right now and so I was
like you know I'll hold up stop the cab
I'm gonna get out because this dude is
how this guy giving my like I don't care
how much Hennessy you had to drink at no
point do you disrespect me and my woman
is like we not and then to insist that
you could tell that I've been way too
like brother I'm a articulate and direct
person what more do I need to say to you
don't get that so I get up yeah ah at
the mo in I don't location cuz I was
just hot it just it just the whole
bathroom line just got under my skin to
the integrate and so we were like most
inopportune looking we were like in
something it means like xx and on the
West Side Highway and I just hop
straight off the cab now that's not a
good location because you can't pick up
another cab from that location because
you're on the highway and then - it's
like it's just sketchy it's just not
it's not a good area to being you want
to at least get over to like tenth and
then further down closer to the proper
meatpacking district area so I like look
I'm gonna I'm not gonna catch a cab
because I'm by myself and this is an
area where there's a lot of like hookers
and there's a gentlemen's club right
here and I'm just not gonna just so I
like hauled ass over and end up getting
on the train anyway cuz I was just so
infuriated like on the chopper shot a
homeboy like it was not a joke for me
after that point I flat out like avoid
do leg I see him and I walk the other
way now about a year maybe this timeline
sometime later my homegirl we're gonna
pop my homegirls Tiffany everybody no
black girl named Tiffany my homegirl
Tiffany moved to New York wanted to get
back out and she wanted to meet people
in New York now Tiffany a little bit
more bougie ER than I am so she's a prim
and proper young lady with a really prim
and proper very cute corporate job and
so I though about introducing
her to like the bougie black folk that I
know now they mostly bougie black folk
that I know are somehow intertwined with
arrow because that's the scene that he
likes to like place himself in and so I
knew there was potential for her to meet
him and I told her the story but I don't
have the rule where I make my where my
friends can't be cool with other people
and I did tell her I was like you know
what he's creepy as fuck be careful but
he does know a lot of people and if
you're trying to meet other people I'm
not gonna stop you
from associating with him because of my
issue with him because there's no way
like you carrying my grudge is gonna be
a burden to you because there's no way
in this social circle to avoid him like
he's just gonna be omnipresent at all
times and salome bajo arrow arrow creams
Tiffany up like he like he butters
Tiffany yet and I'm like every time
she's like you know it should really
just like reconsider like he's really
good got me into this party you talking
about this on my girl yeah I'm I'm
living vicariously through you have all
the funds all the funds without me I'm
really okay like it's really really okay
and so you know when I'm out with
Tiffany he'll come over and talk to
Tiffany and I'm like I'm really good at
you just no longer existing in my life
so it ain't even like them hmm it's just
a note by turning I just use myself and
I let them have that Kiki time and I
keep it moving but then lo and behold my
line sister who's in the party who does
events had like some house party in
Brooklyn and I go and this Negro arrow
shows up
and my lion sisters are tourists I
understand I have a my mom my mom is in
Taurus I have a definite need to talk
things out with people who I'm
emotionally connected to but knee--balls
I'll give a fuck about we ain't talked
about shit but my line sister believes
in talking everything and so I feel like
she slightly provoked this Negro to
think that there was anything for him to
say to me somehow
I end up in a conversation with this man
at this house party and he looks to me
inside I smashed more women than you
could ever dream of your story has no
consequence over me and I'm gonna make
the fuck first of all I don't know what
is going on in your head that thinks you
have the right to talk at me such an
overdone misogynistic way like you are
something ain't right with you like this
is the second time not only did you
offend me in the cab but now you're
sitting here because you wanted to talk
something out but you don't have any
sort of apology to offer it to me you
would like go ahead tell your story it's
not gonna do anything to me I'm gonna
keep bagging women like are better I'm
gonna I don't care about who else you
bag quite frankly I think you averse but
you know if you want to go ahead beat
that train to go right ahead and like my
I didn't say honest but I'm thinking
like I don't like you know what like
here's this I don't know why you're so
infatuated with trying to provoke me
into having some story to tell but right
now you don't have a simple story to
tell that don't make you look like the
misogynistic creep that you are so let's
just call a spade a spade you are never
going to be
a little bit in my book and we will
never speak done and there you have it
done
um there's no ending or moral to this
story and it is still a fuck
we've crossed paths since we'll probably
cross paths again I am I'm concerned I
think the things that are meant to come
to him will come and um I will live in
my own world Oh
like it's fine
