hey guys is Josie and we are back with
another what what what have we been
doing this my friends as you guess is to
get ready with me it's a key it's an
event
well it's a new background that's what
it is as you can see in the back we are
packing up today is my last day living
in this apartment in Dallas Texas well
but we made a new light skin privileged
wig we have a new one in here yes ok Wow
what are we giving you here jeez what
are we doing soccer mom Halle Berry with
the bat teeth I was thinking that I
would cut a bang into this so this is
hair from Beauty forever I wanted to do
like a curly bob this is a curly bob
just looking like crazy light-skinned
woman crazy Bob I don't know what to do
with her silky curls crazy Bob I wanted
to do like a bob way was long and like
blunt across kind of girl but this hair
is like it's super soft it's just their
deep wave with a 13 by 4 frontal it's
not glued down and I didn't even pluck
it mmm and it's doing pretty well I
can't even find my visitors at this
point girl packing doing everything but
when I'm supposed to be doing this
credit for Change project got me crazy
so much work I promise I promise I
promise I think we're going to cut some
bangs and it's not to wet it but wait
does it make sense but I'm just going to
roughly pray for me here yeah I'm a kind
of long bang these are not like the
scissors these scissors are so dog
alright so do that dad I didn't think I
cut it that short but I guess I did
I cut it pretty short Wow I always have
a hard time I'm like super right-handed
giving you real 1988 I wore this out for
a little bit people really were like
looking at me hard I think it's really
about obeying like y'all are some
fucking colored straw it's stupid
giving you I have a dark-skinned
photographer boyfriend that called me as
African Queen yeah see still college
dropout looking like how to create a
black guys be super duper Tyler shot
Shane I say tea notes he strong moves
from catwalk it doesn't actually make
your hair heart but it does get the curl
to hold think this is what we're gonna
go for a very light-skinned friend look
like Michael Jackson teased today yeah
it's not bad I mean look the parting on
this is great this ish parts very well
so we're gonna get to this makeup we're
gonna do a full full beat today because
I'm also recording my insecure review of
episode white girl already watched it
that's be lit using our Dior forever
undercover love this we're gonna use the
color 45 I went back and bought my
actual color which is 41 but I'm kind of
tan sore in through this 45 is looking
like now should probably mix it to be
honest gonna go on what Tarte I use
tansy and I just got back from
Martinique girl that trip I really have
high expectations we're gonna go with on
the Laura Mercier translucent setting
powder
I didn't really have high expectations I
figured it was going to be a pretty
chill trip because of the friend that I
was going with but I'm gonna take off
black French people actually I don't
think it should cuz I went to Coba I
don't met black French people before
shit my whole former roommate was from
Ivory Coast girl sweetheart a dog very
nice
she still try to go to a beach on hook
up I beg all right Martinique French
black people
rude finest fuck let me tell you
Martinique the men and the women most
places you go it's usually the women
that are beautiful you know Drake stay
singing about
being women but other than Nathan said
I'm like oh but Martinique these people
rule do not want me evolve up why you
here in Guadeloupe to the Guadeloupe
Airport girl but they was all fine every
last one of them was rude and
good-looking I learned full of beautiful
people that had no desire to talk to you
if you did not speak their kind of
French I don't want to say that it was
because I was African American that they
were rule I think they just really
aren't more so like you don't speak
French like us cuz one of the girls in
my group did speak French and the house
it will be like stop her and not want to
speak French to her and I'm just like
she's fluent though it's not even like
she was struggling she's fluent in
French she's Guinea from Guinea and they
were still just like and then at the
Guadeloupe Airport they made me go
through security fine but when they pull
your bag aside they don't go through
your bag they make you pull out whatever
is the problem in your bag and I
understand what you're telling me they
had an issue with my mic I have my mic
which is the size of my phone so I never
had to take it out of my bag I can take
everything out cuz I could not figure I
thought they were something that I have
a hard driver time in my bag
and I was like I thought I did but my
heart I was actually in my other bag and
it didn't like they didn't pull that
back to the side so then they were like
I was taking too long to find whatever
it was but I'm looking at them like I
don't understand what you're saying
this is like I still don't know what you
want me to take out my bag so how am I
gonna go back to security and not have
my bag pulled on the way back I was like
okay we didn't have to go through
security again thank the Lord but I had
already like put my stuff together so I
knew what to take out my bag so when we
went back through Guadeloupe because we
had a connection in order to fly back to
Atlanta um I have my laptop in my hand
boarding the plane they wanted to check
my laptop I had literally just got off a
plane did not go to the airport did not
leave the secure area so not only did
they want to check my laptop I had to my
laptop was powered off I had to turn my
laptop off I had to put my password in
and I'm like I don't I don't understand
what with Bush I got going on and I was
the only person that got stopped for my
laptop so if I guess if I had it in my
bag that wouldn't pull me to the side
because I had
and I don't know man morning is so ok
what do we know oh we're gonna do I
we're gonna do we're going to do aah
so we're gonna use my favorite palette
my Julia's palette we're none of us are
club people so that's not ever what I'm
looking for but like I don't know I want
to travel places I just like to see the
culture and the people I guess it's more
of like a boat island and it was mercury
like it was big party called mercury
what's happening with that is $80 a day
I was not about to pay to Ali's 80 euros
per day just so I guess I'm legs are
free alcohol is there food don't nobody
really speak English things was just one
weren't open that we're supposed to be
open like it was hard trying to figure
out like where to go a lot of stuff was
closed off because of the Boat Festival
or because of other things that were
happening on the island so we couldn't
go to like the black sand beach because
it was like a boat race happening and so
we couldn't go to that side and folks
would just be like yeah you can't go it
wasn't like hey this is what's happening
you need to go this way
or here's your other options it was just
like they really did shop gonna find a
Scott bro is fine and he was just like
yeah dude
that's really what he's with mm-hmm and
I'm like I got time for these people I
don't haven't done the purple yet what's
the purple car Makita mikata Makita it
wasn't like horrible I won't say that
you know the beaches are wonderful the
water is clear blue it was cute when I
go back somewhere and eat hell to the
naw China I still like lease but of them
the vacations I've taken Martinique
barely ranks the bocha and it's only
because the people are pretty and the
beaches is pretty even the food I was
like girl can we get some Platanos can
we get some plantain everybody fried a
plantain in the plantain chip and the
flusche is expensive it's just such
expensive island that it was it all with
France will fall it's like every time is
I think you guys Oh what do you do where
you guys go we're doing Oh with France
with friends with French basically we're
told like you have to know someone on
the island who like invite you to a
private party because there's not really
like a lounge club scene and it's really
I guess the tourism really has been more
so I'm gonna go in with
Lobo I guess the tourism really has more
catered towards French people like white
French folk that's like one thing that I
was thinking of in the response to like
my why black people and yes I was friend
of black Americans don't go to but one
of the comments I kept seeing a lot was
oh well when I travel I travel to Africa
when I go is so disheartening to see so
many white people and not see a lot of
black people and it's like do you
realize like tourism first of all who
holds the whoa and that a lot of tourism
just is catered towards them and that's
why you tend to see more of them know
when I go I don't want to sit in like
you know an expensive restaurant
necessary serving chicken fingers I
don't need to eat the food that I have
back home and we went to one spot and I
kind of had live music it was like a ton
of children it was a ton of white fans
with fake kids I actually need to put
like a deeper color you know what I need
a black you know I I am a fan of friends
fan ons writings you know he you know
he's one of those intellectual blacks so
I married a white woman it's okay though
and France rain on is from or a need and
so I thought there would be like you
know like insel girl what did we just do
talk too much this I like I was able to
get in there and create that and this I
is like nobody I don't know can you take
a white wipe a really wipe off partier I
make that we about to find out and then
these not that people don't actually
speak English either and I don't really
have an issue with going to a place
where people don't speak my language
it's just like if I make it afraid you
know like when I went to Mexico or even
when I go to like the taco spot and I
speak a little bit of Spanish oh and
they like you know they'll like you know
speak with you they'll take your time if
I encounter people who don't speak
English and they're having a bit of a
hard time you know I'm patient with them
everyone does insanely which is me but I
guess this is how people feel when they
talking to Americans who are just
looking at them like speak English
I hate that train of thought and so I
consciously try to be understanding of
people's but it's like yo even when I'm
trying to speak French you're just like
sucking it's he and
waving me off and it's kind of wild but
happy I what it was an experience I'm
sure you can have a good time if you had
good lucky you got money to blow that's
gonna Martinique the water is clear and
the beaches is pretty the foods not bad
it's just like I had a better time in
Cuba that's how I feel about it for a
lot less money okay I'm legit nervous
about moving I don't know if I'm nervous
or if it's so much though that I have
anxiety about movies and I remember I
didn't really feel any kind of way when
I moved from Dallas to Houston cuz I or
Houston and Dallas cuz I took my time
with that movie you know vision even do
our eyebrows you are one meza ho today I
think maybe just because this move is
costing me it's not a cheap move DC to
Houston was that much cheaper than went
on this move now it's just kind of like
I don't know me because I'm older wiser
I'm not nearly as broke as I was when I
moved from Houston from actually what I
think moves from Houston when I moved
from DC to Houston and so that's another
thing we're just like oh wow I actually
can't afford this and I for whatever
reason it's giving me anxiety cuz I keep
waiting for the bottom to fall out
what's gonna go wrong when things don't
go wrong isn't that wild how do you have
anxiety about things not going wrong
like nothing has gone wrong I'm not
really stressed about the packing part
because it's like I really loved my
apartment in Dallas and so I actually
decorated it it was you know it had a
sense of semblance and so like I've been
packing things up room by room and it's
been not so bad I think this is the
first time I've lived somewhere and
really loved you know my place I didn't
necessarily care for Dallas to City but
I'm grateful that I lived here that I
had a really rough 2016 and I just don't
know that I would have survived staying
anywhere else career-wise has been a
really
really good move for me that's been
great I won't miss let me hear that but
socially I just don't really care for
the city at all this creators for Change
project I think that's also what it is
because I'm moving I'm going to London I
leave on Tuesday
this video was a box should be in the
French Riviera making bad decisions this
credits for change product is very very
very time-consuming and then the move I
just you know it's kind of why I've been
putting out get ready with me videos
because I just don't have the brain
capacity or even time to put together a
pop star it's kind of unfortunate
because when you get more opportunity
you always have to sacrifice something
it's like the more opportunity you get
the same things that got you the
opportunity you kind of have you know
slow down on but pop stock will
definitely be back once I move I'm
thinking about somebody does it I put it
in a podcast format and I think that's
actually a good idea I've talked to
police about it so we might give it a
test run
once I get moved and settled in because
it's not ended it's not something I'm
stopped I'm gonna stop doing and
definitely want to keep it up I will be
speaking at the University of Indiana on
August 16th and once they give me a
flyer I'll post it on my social media I
got a lot of subscribers off of mine why
black Americans don't travel to Africa
video and I guess people do really like
when I talk about like race and the
Diaspora wars as I've seen them called
on Twitter I don't know that I want to
focus too too much on it I do plan on
doing more topics mainly addressing this
sentiment that I've seen perpetuated by
some other folks about not messing with
Africans because they sold us into
slavery and I just think that's a really
dumb take and it doesn't really hold up
to the light but I don't want to get too
caught up in this race because within
that silo my contemporaries I just don't
think there is I don't believe that
YouTube is a good space to learn about
black history I guess I could come in
and fill that void that's part of the
reason why I'm entertaining making this
sacrifice and going in the back to get
my PhD in african-american history but
when you search on this platform for
videos about black history I'm really
really a gas at some of the rhetoric
that is pushed forward on both sides of
the fence both from african-american
you know Africans themselves it's just a
lot of people who do not know their
actual history and speak very
passionately from a place of emotion
don't even realize the sort of
xenophobia I stay doing this xenophobia
and harm that their beliefs push out I
don't know how I feel about this bet I
don't want to feel about giving you late
Flashdance I'm about to go do you know
what what's the taste my mom always
likes to do that the hustle do the
Hustle not even in lectures tonight I
want to get in there do the Hustle I'm a
little concerned about getting so many
subscribers from that video cuz I kind
of don't want to put eyeliner on I never
want to play eyeliner on because it's a
mess gel eyeliner because it's a mess to
have to tape all woman do a real frosty
you use a natural light in the light you
want to be so funny that Sun keeps going
and commenting on my whole sit down yeah
I'm gonna do a video on my skin
privilege
I've been saying that before ever me and
my legs can't college ways gonna get it
together it's gonna do line cuz it
definitely exists no I joke about it
with the wigs but it's wild to me how
much like changing our hair and if it's
how people react to me people who do
their makeup with these these small
mirrors y'all really are a doug is like
I'll okay I think Ella Terry's but I
just can't find my glossier the one
faked me out makeup product that bought
from them the bomb.com Universal skin
saw I only know if it does anything but
my makeup around I like putting it over
a highlight is to give it like a waxy
look I don't know why this one before
but it was the left
it's really is my fave and I don't think
I'm gonna have any more after this I
need to go buy plenty $2.00 I made me
throw it out the airport she did
something with it alright we're gonna
take perfect tone five zero four eight
it's a super pinky from Black Radiance
matte lipcream
I like these look crazy but they do dry
up in the container this is Nick's
forbidden I do more topics about like
the diaspora and how we all view each
other and how we interact what other
things that I thought about don't be
rude don't be offensive but like give me
some I just not going on as cleanly as I
like it to but here we are I'm really
hoping to get back into the flow of life
brown girl topics pop snark in September
but then I'm thinking yeah that's what
your the travel book for work Twitter
people are very self-righteous that's
why I kind of like her slow down on
tweeting because folks be so indignant
and self-righteous on that damn app and
it is very very annoying people can't
dole out criticism but then like you're
not even at in them you're not even
naming them I've gotten blocked
I got blocked for tweeting out about the
way people came at Jackie over her video
her eid video Eid Eid where she worth a
hijab' and I was like I don't think the
criticism necessary was wrong I just
felt like the way people addressed it
was like very like inflammatory and you
missed a teachable opportunity didn't at
nobody didn't name nobody
I got blast about a girl who originally
tweeted the criticism wasn't even talk
about her but I gotta blow psycho right
six okay we're gonna put these lashes on
them that's what we're gonna do which
ones are thee I think we're gonna do
fluff and cool I haven't done these in a
while these are velour so glasses I
bought them at Sephora I usually buy
them online when they're having like a
sale on here we go finish final look
keep them here out the way though tell
me are you feeling it what would you
name this hair what kind of tease is it
giving you and ask quite a few questions
in the video so I hope you comment it
down below and comment along with the
video cuz there's always a key a
discussion and of course you can always
support by shopping smart Branca I hope
you got your black as a culture
african-american as a culture shirt now
safe I hope you have been alright see
you I probably won't have an
their video hmm I'll have the next video
up oh the insecure review will be up
after this but I probably won't have any
other videos besides that until the end
of August so getting my life together
and moving I will see you guys very well
may be not very soon but I'll see you
guys I'll see when I see you when I see
you I'm not going I'm not going to pause
for too long all right do this
