hey guys it's Julie and I'm finally
getting started on my week of smart
brown girl popstar related videos as we
are starting with the videos midweek
which means I would be running a week
through next week so they'll be weekend
videos too so make sure you check back
daily for my upload this time it is a
little bit more fun while addressing
topic that I get questioned about a lot
my dating life and experience you can
always purchase spend it on my
collection of short stories that cover
the evolution of fate love vulnerability
and freedom from a young girl as she
comes into her womanhood in New York
City largely like it's about my past
love life so there's that key for you if
you really want to be nosy cuz I do want
to keep my dating way as private as
possible
I just think certain things aren't for
public consumption
I thought top doing this topic might
give you a little bit more preview about
how I dealt with breakups how I feel
about what I want in a relationship and
the man and just kind of my overall
approach to dating life so here I'm
going to give three celebrities whose
relationships I admire and therefore
hashtag goals as we do on Instagram with
couples who visually are giving us what
we want my number one is cliche s and
pretty obvious but not for the same
reasons that everyone picks them for
it's Beyonce and jay-z previously have
actually written an article on my blog
Josie calm about this same topic as much
as people like to say that money and
wealth will make a relationship easier I
think for the Knowles Carter clan what I
find most admirable about their
relationship is their money and wealth
not the money in wealth and how much
they travel abroad and always making out
in a boat or whatever or even Beyonce's
body girl she had me running two miles a
90 degree weather today because I'm
trying to get almost as snatched as her
if you look at their relationship um
especially with him Beyonce she
highlights a lot of things that black
women are countered with about our level
of confidence our career and our
independent Ness if you look a little
deeper into what you can
their relationship because they are very
private people I think there's a lot of
lessons to be learned here especially
for black women who are often
downtrodden for valuing themselves a lot
one their ability to exist in the public
spectrum and still be very private is
something that a lot of us could learn
from it especially in this age of social
media where we want to perpetuate visual
images of prosperity and good living and
we're not really perpetuating that in
our realize we don't really own that in
our real space within their power I
think for black women we hear a lot
about oh well you're well at least I
hear a lot
oh well you're so self reliant or you're
so self confident you know you're gonna
be single for a little while longer
because gonna take a lot of a man to get
used to your confidence and how like
good you are taking care of yourself
and I'm like look at Beyonce and jay-z
it's like they're both equally powerful
and you could argue that beyonce is
slightly powerful more powerful than
jay-z at least how are Beyonce and jay-z
tackling marital problems like how do
they argue about who should change
variety's diaper how do they argue about
who should be taking time off or
rescheduling their future plans to work
around the others ambitions like you
know when we are so often told that as
we move here really Trump who here is
Beyonce really like okay baby I'm gonna
take a year off of my music career I'm
gonna stop my term because you want to
go on tour so I'm gonna let you go into
our first look at the power structure
here I really admire that jay-z truly
values Beyonce and all of her exuberance
and confidence and Sasha Fierce NIST and
even the little bit of service that they
have talked about early on in their
relationship Beyonce was always very
clear about being Beyonce thank you and
being about her career and becoming this
superpower because she wasn't where to
the height she was when they first met
really don't like this idea that in
order to be in successful relationships
one has to wait for the other to
flourish career-wise like we both can't
be pursuing our career at the same time
you know it's really if you really
aren't equally yoked to get a little
biblical here and you both have a
similar understanding of sacrificing
- and be done it might say a little bit
more work but I do find that the nose
hard at relationship is very intentional
and how they value each other and it's
allowed them to just flourish in levels
that are so obscene - Will Smith and
Jada Pinkett I mean is this cliche again
what will it say that I've been married
for so long both working in an industry
that does not see relationships go past
like two years even and so again there
are a private couple I mean I think
their their kids are depending on your
tastes they've been able to weather the
storm of being in the public and having
people negatively attack their marriage
and constantly coming up with rumors
that the masses of us will run with and
think have actual truth to them now how
do you take this on a local level from
the everyday price on their day to day
life is the advent of social media we
all live in our little personal bubbles
but it's really easy for someone to come
and attack and poke our bubble now one
of the hardest things for me about being
on YouTube is knowing that there are
people who not just watch me but who
follow me because they have ill
intention at heart for me when that
comes into my personal life you know
where I know because I live online and I
am jules e and I have these people who
then can come and like feel like I'm
easier to attack because I am an online
persona and they tried to bring this
into my personal life through my few
people who know me intimately and
personally it is very rough to weather
those storms not uncommon for us to have
family friends and just people in our
lives who don't approve of our
relationship but if you and your partner
are happy together and if you and your
partner can talk things out together
first you should be able to hopefully
weather the storm of negativity that
gets thrown at you there have to be
really high level of vulnerability
between Will and Jada where they can
truly talk about what's really going on
how they really feel about the gossip
that's floating around about them and
being able to reassure each other and
move past that and not feed into the
negativity that people trying to throw
at them and I think
great lesson for those of us in
relationships being able to be people
who get a lot of negativity constantly
thrown at each other and I'm sure it
enters into their personal sphere more
than they would care for it too and so
it's never easy to navigate even if we
feel like they are the celebrity some
sort of celebrity who lives so far above
us they are still human and their
ability to deal with it in a in a space
that allows them to reaffirm and
strengthen their relationship is an
awesome example three Janet Jackson and
Sierra now I know you're saying wait
with Janet's and Ciara are not a couple
but what I think Jenna and Ciara
highlights public knowledge in a non
shady way that Ciara is definitely
trying to follow in the footsteps of
Janet now what she at least music-wise
where she's not following his
relationship wise and I really want to
be careful here not to shame Ciara
because I think women especially black
women get a lot of shaming in the
context of relationships but I do think
we can look at Ciara and gather some
life lessons and mistakes that we just
don't need to make because she's made
them rather publicly um one being that
Ciara has been rather public about her
relationships and it hasn't fared very
well for her I would never call Ciara ho
absolutely not but knowing who she's
dated in the music industry and being
able to say that these guys are
connected this way and wasn't she just
stayed in this person to me it's just
kind of like at some point don't you
realize that the gossip sites and the
public don't really have your best
interest at heart so you know these
super big personas can live life
privately might you not want to take a
slight pain and be a little more private
without hiding about your relationships
where janet has been super private and
that we don't even know she was married
for realies or not in other high-profile
personas and even though she hasn't been
what we would term successfully married
I don't know that that's really her am
I don't think that the ideal for
everyone is to be in one forever
monogamous relationship I think we have
to get out of this idea that every black
woman is a super Christian I'm a married
one man type person for I think for
Janet to be a successful woman of age
and still be able to dictate that she
will have a love life and it will meet
her on this level and will and she can
demand her value in both relationships
so what I find interesting about ciar√°n
specifically this future relationship is
that when they were being very public
about their relationship at the gate and
I just really give you one date somebody
like future that is like you need to be
super private about it because his
business is all out in the streets all
like hey girl but we we noticed about
his baby moms cuz they're talking about
it publicly you might want to watch your
back she was like mind your business and
so now this feeling was here I'm gonna
keep mine in my business like I don't
mmm I'm not going to go by Jackie where
she's singing about this but boy can I
play the boy when you met I'm used
to call me a bum birthday girl I'm not
interested in hearing that melody where
it says Janet and I think part of her
ability to keep coming back and let's
not let me sit Janet music ain't always
hot
like she's there's some issue on to me
to Joe that I was just playing girl I
mean you saw Janet I still have it on my
iTunes but I'm not always sure about all
of this but she still had a very
dedicated fan base that's dedicated to
her and they have never gotten caught up
or had to be asked to be caught up in
her relationships you know even after
she left Jermaine Dupri or whatever that
secret marriage or she has or whoever
else she dated I think even name all
these Negroes because that's just how
like she's just like I mean if you catch
purchase of us sure but I'm not going to
talk about it I'm not going to fuel the
flames for you guys to have gossip about
my relationships because I know the
public doesn't have my best interest at
heart so I'm not going to fuel that
flame with the public
presence is a present and I think all my
smart brown girls and guys should
approach it from the same weight I am
very intentional in the people that I
allow to my life and then how I deal
with them and it will just save you a
lot of heartache especially when you're
trying to decide you don't really know
how to approach a situation as long as
you have good intentions that you're
approaching you from a very intentional
space and I'm trying to maintain
something I am trying to build something
and I am trying to be a better person
here you will always come out on top on
and even if it doesn't feel like you're
coming out on top in the immediacy
honorable mention goes out to Russell
Westbrook and his wife and his new wife
Nina Earl I hope to see them flourish
also speaking of fabulous basketball
players Steph Curry and Ayesha curry are
my favorite lite-brite couple ever but
let me know in the comments down below
what couples do you find the what
couples do you not only admire but what
do you admire and how do you take
inspiration from them to apply in your
everyday relationship life it doesn't
even have to do with significant other
was it going to be with friends or
family whatever it's great to find
inspiration underneath the current and
in spaces that you're not necessarily
looking for so please share down below
in the comments thank you for being a
smart brown girl did you watch this with
your smart brown girl shirt on did you
watch it while drinking out of your
smart brown girl
