hey guys it's josie and it is my late as
usual June favorites this so late and I
actually like having really been
shopping all that i'ma do my July
favorites all together and keep it real
cute so let's just get right into that
my faves are these earrings from my
friend hobby who is from guineas are
gold dip ears from gimme they are fulani
earrings hobbyist fulani and she's done
a lot of earrings and accessories that
are fulani inspired from Guinea and
she's doing a giveaway although I have
links down below for this in the
description box okay I don't usually
wear earrings actually if I get away
with it i would not wearing that off but
i'm super happy my friend is launching
her company and I wish her a whole lot
is to see it I have really been into
adult coloring books as of late and it's
really good for like meditation and when
your mind is just going too fast you
have a whole lot on your mind coloring
is really kind of soothing especially
these intricate patterns this is the one
that I finished look how pretty that is
I mean even on the back I just like to
like example that they have on the front
where they play with the abstract of you
know white it's just like it's such a
soothing kind of like relax your mind
get out of your own head your honest
thoughts thing and so I quite enjoy my
coloring but none that I've really found
helping with me with my mental space and
likeness my productivity overall it's my
passion planner I ordered one of these I
got the big one and I think I might go
back to order a smaller one that I can
kind of carry around in my purse with me
but I got the on um the undated one so I
can kind of its august and i'm just
ordering this but I just like how like
at the beginning of it it breaks down
like your monthly refractions like how
are you different between this past
month of them before what was your most
memorable part of this month what were
the three biggest lessons you learned
and it's kind of really happy like
reflect on like where you've come from
and where you're going and to really
prioritize your time and I only priority
that ties your time but allows you to
feel productive about how you spending
your time so that we don't undervalue
our own time and I really do like this
journal I need to get into the habit of
using it much more frequently but I'm
starting and it's already had a great
impact I despise the concept that you
know a young woman of color out of
California had was able to produce this
and really helped inspire other people
and I click the passion planners just
awesome next up a few of you guys have
been asking me about whether or not I've
been reading this book and it's like a
duh I've called out tiny CC coats and
quite a few of my pop star video so my
next 13 favorite is tiny sea coast
between the world and me I will be doing
a full review on this book once I
actually around to finishing it it's
only a hundred and like 50-something
pages but it's just so like impactful in
like personally touching that is taking
me a while to read the book because I'm
trying to like just soak it all in and I
will be doing like a book list soon
because I have built on a website to
list all my favorite books I'm gonna be
constantly updating the website because
I've been in specially just ordering
books and that's like get through them
and read each one and find ones that I
like and I really impactful i will
upload them to my to my website and give
you guys having access to what i'm
reading and it also helped me finally
get around to launching this book club I
might actually start off with this book
because I think it's a really good start
for a lot of various readers oh I
ordered a bunch of shirts from Gia's own
with Gia's on your blacklist line and
this has to be my favorite one because I
finally have a tan and my tan is
definitely a monthly favorite because
look I'm brown almost I'm like golden
like come on you love it I love it you
love my tan don't you so does that
melanin though it's like an almost what
kind of shady like low-key I'm still
brightest but what I mean I look I can
be proud of my little bit of color look
I was gonna be probably not
the shark is the issue thank you my
JustFab shoes I've actually had these
for a while but they're so comfortable
and cute and then they just go with so
many things give the brown and the black
on them I don't know if they've been a
favorite for but their favorite again
I've been wearing the issue of these for
the past couple of weeks like I forgot
that I had a whole bunch other shoes in
my closet like this is it so love love
hi my favorite lipstick of the month is
this buxom um true nude lip foundation
in reveals it's like a crown based
lipstick I love these I actually got
these from the platform when I went out
to LA and shoot at defining beauty video
which episode 4 is now up I'm in that
one hosted by hey fran hey with daily
curls and shameless Maya you can check
that out that's also month leave a link
down below but I actually really like
these buxom lip foundations and this is
my favorite one because it's just like a
really neutral but bread that kind of
like brick color and it just looks so
good boy me any of my Instagram pictures
why I'm wearing a reddish Rick nude is
this and i love it it's awesomesauce
amazeballs um but the they also had in
the bag a bunch of lip gloss and I put
one of the lip glosses on and was I
trying to route why are my lips like
tingling like the is going on here
and then I was like what is going on
here and then I realized I read the
packaging and I was a real imp plumping
lip glosses and the last thing I need to
do is pop anything about my lips girl I
was in the house like no this is not no
point I'm not on that kylie jenner
steve-o it I got a new kid from New me
so I went to a newly party last year
during um my makeup events that I'm not
good enough for and i mighta I I was
there with glam fun and both my to try
to sneak flatirons into our purses
actually we did well sneak fine arts to
our purses and my favorite flat iron for
the longest has been one to be flat iron
so then I went ahead and got this lush
trim set it's a professional curling one
that um and five different ones that
come with it it's actually in my
bathroom because i use it that often on
my wigs but i love the packaging that it
comes in like I can roll it up and like
take it with me you know like pack it up
ro q and look like I know what I'm doing
with the Carlin wine and you know Kurt
wants actually looks so phallic by
themselves well maybe not I'm not big
enough to be valid to me I can't replace
the top with it because i have i have to
i have a new me flat iron I have a new
me curling wand and sometimes like in
plugging and reheating things and like
try to figure out okay which ones do I
pack with me which ones do I take what
I've on vacation this kind of gives me
the freedom to just pack everything up
at once and achieve any look that I'm
trying to achieve all in one and it's
just so well done I really like I know
Louise one of those things that you hear
about from every youtuber but generally
speaking they're heating tool products
are like they're just dope they're good
and I've used them a lot a lot a lot so
oh my gosh I almost forgot my favorite
is favorite is being rage monster who's
absolutely one of my favs and I can't
run the car they came with this cuz a
card with me really oh but he sent me
flowers always in canada and i love them
on my gosh with us the car the note that
was attached with in german i believe
and it was one of my tweets would said
send me flowers where I can still smell
them let me know my voice matters
thank you guys for like all of your
support and the smart brown girl moving
it is like so so touching so touching to
like who you guys actually appreciate
the content that I provide and knowing
that I'm talking to people in a very
personal way what have been your one
sweet babe name to your two favorite
things is were two months in here and
maybe this one will maybe next month
I'll be on top maybe I get my life
together and be correct weenies thanks
for watching hit that thumbs up button
it helps ShopSmart brown girl calm i
wish my mugs have already come in the
mail hopefully Minds will be here Monday
I'm not doing a pot start talking my
state lesson on by the month so the
money to get your recent alright thanks
for watching
