hey guys it's juicy and it's time for
another pop snack we talk about
everything from the low products to the
highbrow as long as your eyebrows are on
fleek and I know I skipped it we kind of
take a mental health break for myself
get my family together but here we are
with a beverage clink clink clink clink
clang I have a newfound love and Crown
Royal maple yes it tastes like pancake
syrup and I have ginger beer and some
watered-down sweet tea in here cuz I
just threw everything in my fridge right
into this cup Oh divine start off with
some friendly reminders if you are new
here
thumbs up the video helps so much be
sure to like it helps my metrics click
ad if you really love me also smart
brown girls store is bad open with some
new stuff for the boys we now have stay
blessed unbothered unisex shirts for men
and women we also have stay blessed
unbothered mugs and smart brown girl
mugs so go on over I redesign the
website guide back up we've been closed
for so long so help us sister Alice I
really appreciate all the support you
guys have given me also as always my
books send it on is feel available and I
still have some autographed copies at my
house they come with a letter I will
leave the link down below if you're
interested in purchasing it it's one
year this week since I've published the
book so thank you for being there with
me girl in the last announcement the
platform the network that I am signed to
finally got their act together and
showed us colored girls some love so
please head over and watch the defining
Beauty series minds is not live yet
though it is unlisted and so you can
like kind of binge watch all the series
so you can technically watch mine but
mine's will be live officially next week
with whether you watch it this week or
next please again like share and comment
let them know your thoughts and don't
hold back girl go ahead show out and
show your support all right oh I'm gonna
go ahead and start this off with kind of
like the buzz killed sighs the status
the infuriating the very personal the so
upsetting I do not have words for it I'm
so confused and the more I find out the
more I hear I'm just either more
confused with a story of Sandra bland a
young african-american woman who was
traveling from Chicago to Mary View A&M
in Waller County Texas it's right
outside about an hour outside of Houston
while the county areas
like between 290 right like if you're
driving from Houston to Austin or back
it's an area that I've driven through
plenty of times
she was arrested after being stopped for
a I think there was an issue with how
she liked a illegal change or whatever
how she switch lanes and didn't signal
or whatever she was pulled over and
somehow arrested there is video of her
being handcuffed by the police who have
their knee in her back and she's saying
you banged my head I can't even see and
then she thinks the person who was
recording the video of her being
arrested because she said it was very
necessary two days after that she was
found dead in her cell and the wallet
County Police Department is trying to
pass it off as if it was a suicide this
is not the first time that a black
person has gone into jail and mr. Orban
arrested mysteriously end up dead while
in jail or in handcuffs and they
erroneously counted as a suicide the
interest the even crazier thing about
Sondra is that it was very vocal and
active in the black lives campaign and
she posted several videos on her own
Facebook page she was a member of Sigma
Gamma Rho sorority she's very active in
our community she was very active about
her opinions on the importance of the
black lives matter campaign and so it's
just crazy it's so sad is so personal
I'm driving to Austin tomorrow I'll be
driving right through Waller County I'm
not going by myself fortunately but it
is just crazy to me just this is just
infallible ness of the situation it's
just so I don't have words for it like
I'm beyond it's just beyond me I'm
speaking of black women ah check my
smart brown girl video from yesterday
about the nice versus angry black woman
and the stereotypes and the demeaning of
black woman by using adjectives and
allegories that pushes back to the angry
black women trope a mandala Steinberg
who is becoming like my daughter part to
Marseille Martin is my first daughter a
mandala could be my second daughter
she's like my goddaughter she's awesome
sauce amazeballs she did leave a comment
on Kylie Jenner's picture but it looked
as though she was replying to somebody
because she added posted amongst the
11,000
instead of posted on a Kiley picture
saying when you appropriate black
features and culture but fails to use
your position of power to help black
Americans by directing attention towards
your wigs instead of police brutality or
racism racism white girls do it better
we can talk forever and a day about the
misgivings of Kylie Jenner I find it
rather unfortunate that a lot of my
black women peers idolized her but I
can't tell you otherwise no am I going
to tell you otherwise
I personally just don't have the time a
day for Kylie and yeah you know whether
you want to turn my culture
appropriation or whatever a lot of what
Kylie does just doesn't sit well with me
and I don't have the time or day to
spend kind of trying to negate her whole
being whatever but I didn't really find
a mandala statement to be inappropriate
and I only think Kylie replied back to
it because so many of the shade room and
the got black gossip sites picked it up
and like oh my gosh yeah you know I just
think what a mandala is doing is raising
awareness around how we idolize the
culture of black people but we do not
love black people nor respect the actual
bodies or beings of black people and so
I feel like she's inciting a very
important conversation so yeah I mean
maybe I'm biased or whatever I don't see
nothing wrong with it Kylie reply back
saying you know stick hanging out with
Jaden Smith which is funny because
wasn't Kylie supposedly like dating or
dealing with um Jaden at some point in
time whatever I'm always here for the
hilarity that ensues when other people
catch one - Kylie's behavior and step
back my favorite favorite reply is from
Lotus and Giselle saying Jaden Smith was
one of the few willing to be seen with
you when you still look like a foot
before you got that face transplant and
started acting and dressing like Tikas
maybe my Tigers baby mama so I don't
understand the shade girl get you them
tees that ki hilarious ha ha ha ha very
much so took issue with Andy Cohen oh
watch what happens live when yet Laverne
Cox and Andre Leon Talley as guests
claiming to call the feud between Amanda
LA and Kylie the jackal of the day
personally that's a direct attack on a
mandala
and as the mandala did tweet stop
pushing back pushing out this angry
black woman truck calling it a few
decided few Amanda limit our observation
in a statement Kiley replied I am
positive as I said yesterday that a
mandala is not wasting any time thinking
about it any further she's very quite
intellectual and articulate in her
thoughts so please don't demean what
she's doing and regardless it's a
conversation between a 16 and a 17 year
old and Andy is so out of place and that
he did ask he took it as a mandala
saying that there was an issue with
Kylie rockin corn rolls that wasn't even
close to what her statement was and then
he asked how andre and Laverne feel
about what white woman was wearing
cornrows Laverne said well there's Bo
Derrick which is another just as
problematic in the 70s as it is today
not shocked at all the behavior of Andre
he was thrown out a long time ago but I
was really surprised by laverne's lack
of like response and standing up for a
mandala and after a lot of us kind of
you know not clap back at her but a lot
of us kind of called her out on her not
standing up and supporting a mandala
she um wrote an essay on her tumblr blog
saying that she she didn't directly
apologize but she did say that she
wasn't aware of a mandala before and
she's since watched her and she totally
agrees with everything she's I mean to
what I stated and she thinks mens are
very intelligent and it's a very
intelligent young woman I guess you know
me delivers one of them people that you
can't really critique without people
taking it too far to left so those of us
I respect her are very kind of soft
touch with our criticism of her summers
leave it at that
cuz yeah I can't I'm not I'm not here
trying to meter the comments we have to
talk about this past week episode of
catfish with Tracy ARMA and fugly sure
who's felt something so phonetically I
try not to critique how people choose
its parallel children's names but
Felicia is just it's so amusing to me
but Tracy
girl did you watch because I watched and
I was just like what is going on here
who is this child what is wrong with her
what leg oh it was really just like I
really hope that she gets the help she
needs
clearly something she's one freshman of
a happy meal and I don't even know how
to determine what to do with it
but I was so surprised she had a
ghanaian mother and got away with that
behavior because I because I forever
claim when they had the strictest
parents ever and that was just like when
it says what is going on I'm gonna give
a big shout out and congratulations to
Serena Williams who won Wimbledon again
some white girl whose name ain't even
import it but you know and I think all
the coverage around Serena and all the
conversation that I start especially on
Twitter has been very important to how
we view black women the New York Times
or the article about how tennis players
choose to be feminine and keep their
feminine shape in comparison to Cerritos
who's very muscular
even though allow serena to dominate and
the tennis phil is her physique and her
strengths but these women still kind of
place looking feminine and petite over
actually developing the muscles and the
strength to compete in tennis um and it
was stirred a lot of controversy I don't
know that the writer himself had bad
intention or ill-will and writing the
article he did directly quote sarena he
contacted her for the article I think
New York Times pulled the wrong pull
quote from the article and kind of
emphasized the wrong things and I mean
it it's just crazy to me this industry
of tennis where look I'm fond of her
name oh well Maria Sharapova can make
like almost triple what Serena makes in
sponsorships
even though Serena kills her and making
money from the actual sport and actually
winning games like these white women
have all built careers around being
mediocre as fuck and losing to Serena
and coming out on top with sponsorships
and deals that pay their way for being
second place and I don't know in any
other sport where a athlete is lauded
for being second-best it is
mind-boggling how much we sell how much
we not only accept but celebrate
mediocrity amongst white people it's
just girl any Hill Serena's laid at the
winners dinner you know if you want to
come for her femininity
you know she's muscular but she's still
a woman and I think she still looks
great and she's still got a ass a lot of
us would kill for literally a lot of us
are dying for these accent plans
whatever girl home grow muscle she's
doing it and I'm proud of her talk about
Ciara I think I've mentioned Ciara in
passing but I've never directly
addressed her relationship and therefore
fall out with future and now her new
relationship with Russell Wilson and all
that I mean honestly I don't care sir
Ciara has historically bad taste in men
like I don't know that Ciara has ever
had good judgment in the men she dated
and when she was de in future originally
we're all like are you really dating a
man that got full baby moms and it's
still fucking the last baby miles and
expect us to ride for this relationship
she told us to mind our business so I
thought all right I'm on my business
then she had his baby named him future
and then what we all said was gonna
happen he left her and not only did he
leave her but he went back to his
previous baby mom's now future has
dropped a new mixtape a new album bear I
don't know I think he's a great singles
artist I love to his music in the club
but I read in the music industry so I
noticed one of us going around around
promoting future as if people are really
gonna go out and buy his album cuz they
not will turn it up on the radio he'll
make money touring but he is not making
up no money off of album sales and if
y'all gonna loud him as the best rapper
currently I'm quite surprised that Marc
would really even ask him this question
about his sex life with Ciara because it
has come out in interviews with Ciara or
Russell girl I don't care to keep that
much as one of them say that they wasn't
having sex yet the day was waiting -
because they want to be friends first
before they and brought sex into their
relationship asked future if Ciara made
him wait and he said absolutely not no
and I just don't
uh I really just don't I'm not gonna sit
well with me and clear that features a
fuck-boy
whether you like his music or 9 he's got
fuck-boy written all over it me got how
many baby moms
he used Ciara as to come up and I mean I
don't really have that much sympathy for
her because it's like girl hello the
writing was on the wall somebody sent
written on your forehead and you still
wouldn't got it but I think it's past
the time where he can really use Ciara
access come up like you know you need to
let your music stand on its own two feet
I guess and stop trying to use the
mother of your child as a marketing ploy
to progress you know there is no real
winner in the future versus the Arab
battle if you want to call it that I
guess the only way anyone does win is
that technically future has better music
currently and that's that but I'm not I
don't feed into care about this y'all
really don't because it's just it's so
offensive to Ciara as a black woman even
though I'm kinda like a white girl and
then it's if you like his music like his
music I don't have nothing it don't have
to have anything to do with Sierra
that's just where I'm at the devotion of
black women hot 97 which is losing so
hard to power 105 and Breakfast Club out
of New York who human has hot 97
whatever they morning show is franchised
are they gonna franchise already out
because ebro's dumbass
I really have pin nightstand eros since
like day one anyone ain't here for it
but he asked about why do black women
have the attitude as the morning
question and it's just like clickbait
trolling so hard
what productive come what part is
conversation is even productive to
society or bettering people or whatever
you want to term it is dump its
offensive and quite honestly if hot 90
whatever ebro's morning shows call or
hot 97 is played in your area boycott
that image because they've done they so
dumb and not that i'm Charlemont mmm i
mean but if you won't listen to
something just don't know hi 97
absolutely nah I need black men if
you're not gonna show us any empathy and
support to stop questioning
about us as if you have any sort of
intelligent input on this matter when
you do not absolutely positively no
thanks for watching get your shirt
barrow
get your shirt girl
