hey guys it's Jules 'edit a smart brown
girl Thursday where we talk about
important issues that impact women of
color and this week we are talking about
why are women so competitive and petty
you know with the age of social media
especially with the rise of things like
Twitter and people use the Instagram
link it is Twitter hmm we have seen this
kind of shift in how we view pettiness
and that people take pride now in being
pecch√¨
myself include for me it's more so there
are just times when I know I should do
better and I just choose not to because
hey I'm human allow me to live here but
sometimes and a lot of times the
pettiness will goes a little too far in
how we attack each other and we are
perceiving our female counterparts since
moving to Texas and kind of being pushed
really far out of my comfort zone in
that I don't have friends who I can
drive to within a reasonable timeframe
and I really am kind of forced into
going into new social circles and
genuinely making an effort to meet
people at the age of 30 which is not
when a lot of us are looking to make new
friends in particular it's been a very
kind of interesting experience and it's
definitely opened my eyes a lot to how
we interact with each other when did we
as young children did the girls get
pulled to one side and the boys to the
other side and the boys were told that
teamwork is what makes the dream work
and girls were told letter watch out for
her her her over there and her over
there she's a mean girl she's not good
enough to be your friend all of them are
against you all of them are coming for
what you got so I back boom like when
did this kind of idea that other women
are directly our competition now this is
not to say that men are credited amongst
each other that they don't have their
own it they do for sure but I think
amongst women it's a lot more what is it
more amplifies kind of giving as a
female attribute when either men or
women kind of express themselves in a
petty or competitive way this come from
and then why do we as women continue to
perpetuate this stigma
so since moving here I met an older guy
and I thought he would be a really good
person to meet people through like he's
about to be 35 he has this interesting
out there all right well in he happens
to be the brother so I pulled the bro
card on him and I said hey while you be
the book good breath and introduced me
to people and so he was like okay well
do you have group me because I'm gonna
scoop me oh that's for people looking to
find things to do in Texas so he added
me to the group mean the mentality I've
never been around such a group of Pesci
people in my entire life and that's the
vastness of the pettiness because a
group is rather large I started like you
know going through these experiences
with them where I'm just kind of like
dumbfounded at just like the level of
petty that these specifically the women
exude and then the men themselves kind
of play into but get away with because
we allowed men to get away with it yeah
that may be their behavior is more of
the status quo and I'm the one who is
the odd man out seeing other women kind
of talk turn their nose about other
women to the point where they have to
talk about it where they have to be like
I'm not gonna come out if this person is
invited not because the person hasn't
actually done something to them but
there's just some attribute that about
the person that they don't like and then
they have to kind of construct all these
lies around the person so I had an
incident where there was another group
me with just the girls and I got voted
out because apparently I was
snapchatting about the girls
um so lotta y'all follow me on snapchat
I believe called smart brown girl
tomorrow does not allow me the room to
talk negatively about everyday women
that I interact with like they just
wouldn't that just so is so
counterproductive to what I'm about like
a lot of my social media plays directly
back into my brand so no girl that but
it was just kind of like really like I'm
already mister Rd like girl I already
deal with the politics and kind of
trying to one-up each other on the low
because you feel like you're threatened
by another woman and what she's about
and you know I was thinking previously
that me
just being in a sorority that's super
political that that's why I'm dealing
with this but to deal with it on a
sorority level and now dealing with it
this kind of setting it's like why does
so many levels through the game where
you're never kind of you're never really
gonna get away from this petty and
combativeness he go into the worst space
and there's another black woman and
she's superior to us there's always kind
of like this there's this 50-50 chance
that either she's going to be she's
gonna be very overly protective of her
position because she doesn't want anyone
else to come snatch it away you as
another black woman are a direct threat
to her friends or she might be a
potential mentor but it's I almost feel
like it's so rare to find women who are
so comfortable with where they're at and
comfortable and confident in themselves
they're okay with mentoring someone and
I think what overall this kind of sphere
of pettiness and competition really
comes from it comes from our over
protection of men and I did write an
article about why do black men hate
black women not that I think all black
men hey black women but I do think
there's a lack of empathy on the part of
black men to the pipe and things that
black women go through and that we often
as black women play into that for so
much of us we're taught that the ideal
is to get a black man and to get into a
relationship and we become very
overprotective of our black men and
specifically speaking there's just less
of them than there are of us and there's
a sort of air of preservation of black
men but an indignation towards black
women and that we are constantly turning
our noses up at something a black woman
has done or something that we just don't
like about a black woman and we're and
we hold on to that so strong somehow
it's all kind of plays into this idea of
like having to get a man and not being
your ultimate reward like that's your
ultimate sign of like you have your
career you have yo ish together and then
you have your man and like can't nobody
touch you now not because of the career
not because you have your wish together
but because you have the black male when
I want to cancel my swag Broncos news
one to be cognizant that you know nobody
really wants to be alone so I'm not
going to downplay
kind of like the wanting to be with
someone and those of us that do want to
date black men myself included and that
the best way for me to find that man or
quality would be not just through
meeting other men but through making
friends in general just don't want us to
devalue how much of friends matter like
as with black women we get bombarded so
much about intimate relationships and
finding a man to be a little bit more
understanding of the value that your
female friends add to your life when you
do meet other women I don't think should
ever be at a point where you can't allow
people into your life I think you should
definitely become wiser as you get older
or as you go through life experiences
but understand that a lot of times what
turns us off about other people is the
familiar and I discussed this in my lack
of support losing friends video in that
what puts a lot of people off is is the
familiar and that you have the same
quality as someone else but they just
tend to use it differently or they're
expressing in a different manner they're
doing things that you would never do
with something that you have in your
stuff for me it's like I'm polarizing
because we all have an opinion I'm just
I not only express my opinion but like I
believe in my opinion like I'm good like
I can I'm capable of having a
disagreement with you and you know kind
of having this exchange where we can
both agree to disagree that's fine but
I'm still gonna walk away very confident
in myself and for whatever reason that's
like honest um levels is off-putting to
other women I get the most pushback not
from men but from other women even if
you get to a point where you meet
someone and there just aren't things
that you boo just don't like about the
person and you don't want to be around
you know what I do is I use that to
meter and make sure that I'm not putting
off those same sort of qualities that I
dislike in somebody else so within this
group II there was one particular girl
who even before I met hottest new girl
absolutely not no and then I met her you
know what about her is really
off-putting about to me it's because she
always would be the center of attention
and she has to get the attention in
exact form that she wants it and she
does things to undermine other people
getting
tension so making sure that I don't do
that and that I don't need to always
wind up people like I can eat a slice of
humble pie I don't need to walk in a
room and be like I'm Josie this is where
I got it going on I got food uh smart
brown girls you know you need to
with me beat that if it's humility that
I'm looking in other people that I'm
including that within myself you're in
work or you have these friends and
friends who you can't necessarily cut
are you giving time and understanding to
where this person is coming from you
know I have I don't have a problem
dealing with more kind of complex
personalities because I think I'm pretty
good at one listening to a person and
giving them the space that I might give
them my opinion on something but I
respect that they're an adult and they
can do what they made with my opinion
it's one girl I met she just talks a lot
and she don't listen and then I was like
you know do you ever think about how you
talk to lunch and you do so much
explaining of yourself do you ever like
are you cognizant of kind of how you're
communicating yourself to other people
well she flat-out told me she don't like
you talking to me like I would've
changed oh my god but I know how to meet
her with you neck being in this YouTube
space you know I didn't come out the
gate with this kind of kumbaya attitude
about a lot of things you know I myself
definitely had the propensity to clap
back unnecessarily you know I might have
come at different commenters the wrong
way it has definitely been an
ever-evolving growing experience for
myself and even and it's even been a
growing experience and how I perceive
other youtuber plates when I did an
inner casting interview the other like a
month ago and they were like who do you
think is your competition on YouTube and
they're really kind of surprised when I
was like nobody's my competition like I
just I really have gotten my myself to a
space where I do not view anybody as a
competitor that I need to beat out
because for black women I feel like we
get such little representation that we
all should be represented you know I'm
hyper aware of my Aegis and how quick we
are to kind of accept the lighter
skinned biracial chicks so I don't want
to be the I don't want to be the end-all
be-all of acceptance of black women
whenever I do make it I want to be the
beginning I
the progression I want to be the
movement towards allowing more of us in
them allowing us more to have to see to
the table and to have more amplified
platforms I don't have to beat someone
else when you get when companies call
you up and offer you opportunities they
usually are offering them to several
different youtubers and they'll let you
know who they are and then they're gonna
tell you who they end up picking in the
long run I mean that is gonna be a
competition but when I'm up here getting
like offers that are going like
shameless Maya or hey Fran hey it's like
oh like that like that's really
kind of like that's really flattering
who and this means that if I stay
committed to doing what I do there will
be additional room for me to come in be
just as successful as these other women
not that I have to knock them over and
take their spots and I feel like that's
we need to stop feeding into these
ideals that are pushed on to us by white
supremacy these ideals that are pushed
onto us by our own community and just
being more aware that and allowing the
space for women to co-exist secret with
each other and that not just one of us
should ever be successful there should
always be room for multiple lists of us
because the more we compete with each
other the more we're allowing them to
single us out and not really speak to
the diversity that we represent and the
whole point of the smart brown car
movement is to celebrate the diversity
of women of color to men for any of you
young girls who are going through it you
can definitely purchase my book send it
on it's about the evolution of a smart
brown girl as she comes into her
womanhood in New York and I definitely
think it'll speak to kind of a lot of
these topics that I'm talking girl with
the smart brown girl movement as always
thanks for supporting follow me on
Twitter if you're not joining on the
conversation as always hit that thumbs
up button it helps so much deuces
so
