hey guys Josie it's time for another
Potts night we talk about everything
from the low brow to the high brow while
y'all eyebrows are on fleek clink clink
clink clink this week I'm drinking a Bud
Light rise arena with some frozen
raspberries and a lemon because I had to
post an ad today for them because I love
me did you see it on Facebook or Twitter
as my positive this week so much has
been going on I had like get my life
together and really process it low-key I
have been pretty proud this week because
it has just been full of magical black
girls who are repping strong for the
smart brown girl movement I would have a
magical black girl shirt on you know
Evelyn ever got her life together but
hey girl so let's start off with the
most magical list black girl of them all
Bree Newsome I think I might actually
get this picture printed and blown up on
my wall three at the top of the flagpole
the Confederate flag that hangs over the
South Carolina State Building it just is
such an epic picture that's like it just
personifies how active black women have
been in this black lives matter campaign
and not just active but actually being
the fuel that moves people into action
and I want to give a shout out to her
upper-body strength she inspired me to
go do a couple extra push-ups
during my p90x warrior workout the most
humility on top of it like she was not
doing it for Shep or any of my audience
who does not understand the history or
the problem with the Confederate flag I
did do a video plus blog post that
quickly encapsulates as much of the
history as we could Bree did was an act
of civil disobedience shadow took the
row which we all learn about I mean at
least I took AP English an AP US history
high school and I definitely learned
about it in both of those classes Henry
David Thoreau
the white man I wouldn't live out in the
woods forever however long don't don't
give me the crowing but why do
people love them some Thoreau Bree
Newsome did speak with a publication and
to quote her I encourage everyone to
understand the history recognize the
problems of the present and take action
show the world that the status quo is
not acceptable and that is like the
pinnacle of the smart brown girl
movement
of how much she represents this smart
brown girl movement whatever has the
right to question what black women are
doing because we are doing the damn
thing and it's constantly us that are
doing it without the need of recognition
without the need of becoming Twitter or
whatever famous and trying to line our
pockets with dollars because we really
do support our own people throughout
history it's been proven over and over
again and so I have seen the kind of
random questioning that I get about do i
watch a certain other youtuber so tamiya
I don't have a whole lot of rules about
smart brown girl babe you ain't no smart
brown girl if you support him like
flat-out
I just don't I have no there I have no
understanding for your support of him
absolutely positively 120 percent am a
professor magical black girl hook has
been Janet Jackson who is 49 years old
and slaying all hopes and dreams and wet
and wavy hair dudes am GNA rather I've
been playing the ish out of no sleep I
love it eet and now certain Beauty aware
that where I reign Janet Jackson we've
all been kind of teetering wondering how
ratchet is this should be gonna be we
got bamboozled into watching four hours
of the BEP Awards for a minute and a
half
dance tribute now we don't even talk
about the sound issues that was
happening how everybody was off-key and
maybe I mean I guess when you dancing as
high as gn8 you can't really be singing
along those song Gina does do a lot of
lip-syncing I'm not really mad at it
like you know we're not really here
because Gina and Jackson is a great
singer we just here because Jana is Jana
that you really can't come for her like
you just can't this was like Sierra's
chance to kind of like lay down and um I
mean I can't dance like that but if I
could I could critique it and I just
wasn't I still don't know who tonight I
don't know if I don't know who she is
Chris Brown just Tracy Ross threw the
most subtle of shade at him and I was
girl thank you you did that you know
honestly the highlight for me was
watching my daughter with that Nene on
the stage was silent oh yes my daughter
she plays Diane on blackish who did not
know marseilles Martin
hopped up out the bed hit the rewind
button just like it hit that Nene with
her everyone was happy but got the bag
away reunion that happened on stage they
opened it up with puffy coming out to
the bad boy the clink clink Clank from
flavor in your hair so I was waiting for
Craig Mack to come out because flavor in
your ears when I my like favorite bad
boy songs I'm Houston but I rap a lot
pack the gap a lot the flava bout to
drop yo little Kim coming out talk about
you want a bumble with the beat huh huh
put a hex on your whole family I'm not
gonna my first hood crash everyone was
gonna say she Gooch
sheek Louch named Donny gorillas
whatever you go by now but you know we
gonna make it it's like was like my jam
when I moved to Brooklyn like like my
entire like eight years I spent living
in Brooklyn the theme song that entire
eight years was we gonna make it there's
been some humbug because the white Kappa
was invited out to the B et Awards you
know white mediocracy personified I told
y'all because I didn't see any of the
black women who have been doing it for
the black lives matter campaign invited
out to the et wards Kendrick Lamar and
we're gonna be all right can we go and
be on first of all I love this song the
video dropped today and it dropped maybe
like two hours ago I've already watched
it 10 times this is why pops arc is
getting up stole a yes thumbs up and the
performance was aa such an up when a is
always cute Jude Etta you know I like
the classic man song but there's just
something about him that seems so
inauthentic like he's just giving me so
much boy tease that I just can't
really put but I like the son the spirit
animal of all magical black girls Nina
Simone look I am a big fan of Nina
Simone and what she stood for and
Netflix just dropped their original
documentary I guess on what happened
miss Simone that kind of chronicles the
oh girl it's the the rough the fight
that basically Nina went through to beat
her and be herself you know she was a
classically trained pianist
who really took the heart the civil
rights movement and personified that
through her music and you know her
husband and manager was abusive you know
she was diagnosed with bipolar disorder
in the late a band I had a few issues
with kind of how they described her
relationship with her husband Andrew
starts droughts and kind of like but I
don't know you know I wasn't in her life
either so I can't I don't know for if I
for her daughter who's really kind of
stood up for her legacy to say that her
mother would go after her father and
kind of like she like Nina felt like she
deserved the abuse you know that's a
rough one you know it wasn't it wasn't
super depressing for me interestingly
enough they do talk about how Nina
Simone moved to Liberia at the behest of
her friend Miriam Makeba now I have read
Miriam Makeba 's biography McKee it
wasn't my 2013 book list of books
recommended books to read and you would
have about tragic way you were talking
about harsh you wanna talk about like I
could never like all my life I had to
fight plus some Miriam Makeba and
interestingly enough she was living in
Liberia because she was exiled from
South Africa at the time and was unable
to tour the United States because of her
marriage to Stokely Carmichael who was
considered a terrorist because he was a
member of the Black Panther Party
Carmichael did speak in the they kind of
have inserts of him in the Nina Simone
in the Netflix documentary Nina Simone
and if you wonder how like I like absorb
so much information literally when they
said Nina move to Liberia in like the
late seventies what she dreamed of like
a black utopia being now I'm slightly
aware of the history of Liberia the late
1800s there was a back-to-africa
movement and african-americans went back
and then they kind of created this
elitist group above the indigenous
Africans indigenous Liberians that were
there
I was wondering at that time period how
much of that was a problem so I like I
was reading up on 1970s Liberian
politics sigma's be president so all the
West African countries y'all got Liberia
Nigeria and Ghana under your belt like I
am you hear something and it just
strikes your interest
google it girl and refuse
that's what I'd be doing so church
burnings are happening post the massacre
at Emanuel AME and they are not duly
being reported I believe we are
currently at eight or nine churches that
have been set on fire throughout the
southern United States of America I
don't even really have much to link to
because the articles the information has
come out about it has been very very in
sufficient but it is clear I don't even
really feel like we need the church
burnings to verify the state that we are
in with the war on black Americans in
the Unites States of America post the
whole thing with Eric garner in New York
and homeboy not even being on video and
blatantly tackling Eric garner in a way
that illegal in the city of New York and
getting it off
Scotch pretty at that point I really was
on it was already hat so like yeah we
should talk about it morning but it's
almost like I don't need more bad things
to happen to us in order to get one
people to understand already it my own
people to understand speaking of Emanuel
AME they did put to rest
South Carolina Senator Reverend clementa
pickney
and Obama delivered the eulogy and it
was very very touched he gave very black
pastoral fee attrex during his speech
but I felt like that was the tone of the
entire service everybody was on 100 I
don't really I really believe that must
have digest like I don't need to like
further digest Obama's blackness yes
Obama has turned a new leaf because like
he it says last of the presidency like
he's not running for reelection like
there isn't even any political position
for him to hold in the United States
post being the president so let cut he's
been worn thin and now he's kind of like
like after I'm gonna do me like I'm a
beat me and I'm gonna do me and y'all
gonna accept it because I'm here you
can't impeach me nail-like
ethic they're pretty happy with how
Obama has responded to the Charleston
massacre so I'm just not I don't even
have a whole lot of criticism there I'm
kind of curious as to why we're having
such a hard time allowing people to
discuss gun rights while also talking
about the problem of
racism in America like why can't we why
all of a sudden are people who are so
often fighting for the right to talk
about multiple issues now kind of
 on people who want to talk
about gun rights like gun rights aren't
the end-all be-all but I think that's
part of the conversation is the shoutout
to the Supreme Court of the United
States for one upholding a law that
allows for fair housing practices y'all
have been trying to act like we use
really that post race girl when we ain't
secondly for upholding Obamacare a few
GOP and I hope we do not get Clinton
fatigue because I mean unfortunately or
fortunately however you feel about it
it's very likely that Hillary Clinton's
gonna win the DNC the Democratic
primaries and I just hope that we don't
get Clinton fatigue and not turn on the
polls I mean you know Ted Cruz or god
forbid chris Christie is the most
celebrated ruling out of the Supreme
Court this week was obviously marriage
equality so congratulations you can all
get married and you can all get divorced
now I just wanna address something
amongst my black people and my smart
brown girls I see you out here with your
little memes questioning well why are we
talking about black folk issues why
aren't we talking about like y'all
covert anti-gay sentiments look I'm not
really here for telling anybody how they
need to rule their domain in their house
I grew up in a household where we were
taught that being gay was wrong my mama
gave me the most hilarious of speeches
when she thought I was a lesbian
whatever even if you believe that
homosexuality is a sin I don't get how
like you have to counter the celebration
of the law you believe that homosexual
is a sin so that means you're never
going to enter into a homosexual
elationship
I have heard the reasoning that it might
negatively impact churches because if
Church it won't do weddings for gay
couples they can lose their nonprofits
anything that's not true there's
different sectors in nonprofit filings
and so religious organizations are filed
a certain way
secondly marriage in America is a
business deal you do not get married you
do not get legally married by going to
the church and having a pastor or
Reverend or whoever bless your marriage
in the United States you get married by
going to a government office and getting
off marriage license all the other stuff
it's freedom to express your marriage
publicly however you would like to so I
just don't understand the concern about
why how gay marriage is gonna impact you
because it won't speaking of the Supreme
Court and as we talked about this thing
with white mediocracy y'all love will be
shown on Iggy Azalea y'all love it but
it is a Lea who inspired this little
white girl that's up here trying to
fight against UT awesomes affirmative
action policy net let's play well then
apparently there's affirmative action
case I'm a mediocre white girl whose
name doesn't even deserve to be uttered
that has already gone to Supreme Court
they put it back until the federal
course that they have to revise they
have to revisit the case because to the
circuit courts and the federal courts
both said that UT Austin's affirmative
action policy they couldn't find any
problems in how they do their
affirmative action now now it's going
back to the to courts again they said
the same thing again and now it's again
being appeal to Supreme Court I don't
know who what races as white person is
funding for this case to continue to go
to the Supreme Court not one what's why
so that's not that easy for your case in
the United States to make it to the
Supreme Court like this is a big deal
the University of Texas Austin their
policy is to automatically allow the top
10% of Texan students 92% of the
admitted freshmen class is made up of
the top 10% of Texan students so only 8%
that was left for this mediocre white
girl to finagle her way in because she
was not a top 10% Texan student home
girl is so mediocre that she graduated
waiting
with a 3.6 GPA and 1180 out of 1600 on
our SAT scores so I graduated high
school with a 3.7 and a 1280 on my SATs
47 had worse grades than homegirl and 42
of that 47 are white so she's got taken
this case to Supreme Court not once but
twice because she feels like five black
folk beat her out out of how many
incoming freshmen like this is the
dumbest ish ever living of diversity
vogue we're not surprised here folk has
a diversity problem but it's not
necessarily coming from his white
writers it's coming from you know I get
once you drink the kool-aid girl it's
hard to kind of keep up but you Lane
wellsworth
who is she's like she's an editor at
Teen Vogue and every black person in
media was super happy when Elaine was
appointed to team Oh guys like The
Herald of diversity as a biracial black
woman at TiVo but she recently went to
Rwanda which was real cute girl because
how many people you knows one or one I'm
not even going to question how Alana's
lives in New York City and is curious as
to how people are gonna react to her
senegalese twist because Harlem
everybody then she does this feature on
her Britax getting her hair braided in
Rwanda does not feature a single woman
from Rwanda like how often do you meet
or read about people going to visit
Rwanda you could show hair braided by
the black women in Rwanda and you don't
show nothing but their hands and then
you proceed to have photo collage of
white women and light-skinned like
racially ambiguous women because she's
saying the lead model was biracial and
that's because that's what she I gotta
find width but I'm like come on like
it's not even it's not even a matter of
like metering one's blackness it's a you
just didn't have any point blank period
darker skin black women featured like oh
I get it Teen Vogue and if zendaya is
like a thing for you who like hair by
Susi who does Solange's and beyond
and all these other famous people's
twist and she kind of really put Havana
twist back on the map as like a thing it
would've been so easy for that to be a
really really dope article that the kind
of laziness and not even bothering with
representing is what's most offensive
anymore Loretta vogue.com where ma John
Carlos wrote an article how Northwest
inspires a generation of natural hack
when I tell you baby hairs ruled the
well well she just wants to post
pictures of her nice evoke calm and she
found a real cute and lazy excuse you
are going to take and start talking
about thing something that is inherently
part of black woman's identity as is
natural hair and then cue it so far to
the European side it's like especially
when you have someone like Blue Ivy
getting so much heat for how her parents
allow her to wear her hair and it's only
an issue because her hair is of a
certain texture you know how I feel
about the style you know we want to end
on a really super happy no and we're
gonna give a big shout out to the super
special smart brown girl and a magical
black girl misty Copeland before
becoming the first ever African American
principle of the American Ballet Theatre
girl I will rub y'all I will rub you
with extra hot bathwater epson salts to
help keep them feet girl together
because we are so happy she's just a
gorgeous beautiful woman I like low-key
would love to have for our body I'm
gonna start flexing what is it flex I
don't know
first first position second position
plié jeté I'm gonna try all that now and
then a misty Copeland who started
dancing when she was like 12 how awesome
is she thank you all for watching hope
you enjoyed and sipped along cheers to
all of you links down below to have all
my smart brown girls and as always
thanks for supporting if you haven't
already subscribe and comment down below
click it out on your way out
