hey guys is juicy and it is smart brown
girl Thursday we talk about cultural
issues that impact women of color and
this smart brown girl Thursday is
actually gonna be a short sweet and
hopefully concise history lesson yeah
that has three lesson in June girl is
important that I keep my smart Broncos
educated and aware of the world around
them and last week during my first ever
live pops nerd I mentioned the
Charleston massacre in which nine people
were killed in an act of violence
towards black Americans since then there
has been an issue of the Confederate
flag and its symbolism its meaning and
its place and the need for the flag to
come down from government buildings on
my part I forgot that a good bit of my
audience of international - I don't know
how much the Confederate flag or the
symbolism behind it really gets brought
up in America education system an
important discussion for all of us to
have and understand the power of
symbolism from the histories of our
country not only is America going
through this issue of dealing with a
part of its symbolism from his past but
South Africa is going through it
recently any any African country that
has been colonized and released from
colonization in the 20th century is
going through while going through these
images of oppression that still exists
in our mind and saved a society and are
still up hell as if we were supposed to
honor them how let's just go over some
of the historical basics to understand
where the Confederate flag came from
1860 before the start in the Civil War
Abraham Lincoln a Republican was
president and the Republican Party spoke
out against slavery being allowed in the
expanding States back west of a war we
did not all 50 states also the ongoing
ever American issue of Taxation and
tariffs that were being implemented
where the Nora publican party being a
stronghold of there was pushing towards
tariffs that were in their favor because
they were an exportation area and the
South was importing a lot of things in
those tariffs would negatively impact
their economy with regards to the
two-party system that many of Americans
are
now used to between Republicans and
Democrats historically speaking the
Democratic and Republican Party that we
know of today really didn't take its
current kind of with the Democrats
leaning more socially and the
Republicans being more conservative
didn't take those leanings until World
War two FDR presidency or he implemented
the New Deal as a Democrat and moved
over the Democratic Party says why today
we have one of the observably backward
states west virginia is still largely a
democratic state not democratic because
they believe in the current democratic
policies of today but democratic because
they were democratic before the Civil
War when the Democrats are fighting for
slavery and yeah girl it don't make no
sense but it just is what it is aren't
Confederate flag is actually known as
the rebel flag or the battle flag it was
designed I William Porter miles a former
mayor of Charleston South Carolina
problem with the rebel flag that many of
southern whites and your few random go
Thomas Negroes are still holding on to
today as a symbol of their southern as'
and their southern pride it is
equivalent to someone in Germany wanting
to still hope the Nazi flag because they
still like the Nazi era Germany whether
or not yo cousin Kanye thinks it's
appropriate to flex the Confederate flag
on his bomber jacket or sell it as
apparel for his yeezus tour it is just
as much of a problem as it was then as
it is now
I found it wildly offensive for Kanye to
merchandise such a peril and I would
love to hear him say something about the
Confederate flag now post the massacre
of nine innocent victims absolutely no
way for anyone to say that the
Confederate or current modern-day rebel
flag simply stands for all Indian
version of antebellum South every part
of the south fight for succession
directly tied back into wanting to hold
on to slavery states rights which were
their rights to have slaves sectionalism
which was against states right or
just an areas right to have different
cultural societal norms the South's norm
was that they twin at the home of the
contrary the cotton trade was making
them a lot of money and while the north
was pushing for it in an industrial
revolution the South wanted to hold on
to agriculture by means of very cheap
and free labor from slaves like they
wanted to keep they slaves because they
slaves making them a lot of money now
yes it's true not every white person in
the South owned slaves only wealthy
white people owned slaves but it was
still a system of oppression that was
participated in by almost all white
people in the south to keep it going
white people were also employed and paid
on the plantations keep these slaves
oppressed like just because you didn't
own slaves doesn't mean yo hands wasn't
dirty in a slave trade to tiny beastie
coats again one of my favorite
journalists or in an article for The
Atlantic published this past week
talking about the history of the
Confederate flag directly quotes from
the Confederate Declaration of causes of
succeeding States I will link down below
both time you see the article and the
Declaration that is available on the
Civil War archives I hope this helps my
smart brown car understand a little bit
better why the Confederate flag is a
problem why they should care about their
state not allowing the veteran flag to
be flown in honor over government
buildings
I hope my smart brown girls a
Mississippi girl I might have to do a
whole program for a Mississippi which
I'll upcoming elections cuz whoo
Mississippi it's interesting though that
the states that still have a really
strong hold on the Confederate flag as
an image of Honor are the states with
some of the most poorest communities and
the most disenfranchised communities of
blacks in the country and for my
international smart brown girls if
you're still at the end of the video
thank you for watching because I know
this is not directly something that
might impact your day to day but if
you're in any part of not even just
South Africa but most of Central Africa
from both of the congos on down has has
imagery of Cecil Rhodes we even have the
much highly dignified Rhodes scholar out
of Europe which dignifies a man who had
a hand in the colonization and
brutalization of African communities
always important as a smart brown girl
to have an understanding of the history
that precedes you and how that impacts
the community around you alright thanks
for watching
