I just duals the end of this tag Tuesday
and today is a very special tagging if
you haven't already seen the title we
are in for a good time an extra special
set up let's see how long it takes for
somebody getting an argument in the
comment section down below over nothing
you're doing the Nigerian tag and I'm
here with my special friend
Eric how you guys doing he's going to
assist me with this tag I found this on
YouTube but I've got to be hilarious if
I did it so I thought I would wear my
favorite fail out shirt joke is on me
about everyone always assuming that I am
of a certain ethnicity what I am
full-blown American but you know I know
that Fela is not that yarmulke
but we are gonna get into this now and
have fun Eric is the ultimate jokester
using him on my vlog channel the dual
life I'll link down below to those
videos he's always late this was the
meeting but three o'clock and it is now
7 p.m.
excuse me let's let's correct everyone
like if you're a Nigerian name previous
information on a Nigerian a mean it
means god is great so should be whatever
question you go Chinua I don't know
cheese God okay how do you say what
Google is yeah mind you father should
eat a shoe guy's name that's so cool
forgive me a Nigerian name okay what you
born in Nigeria
no no favorite Nigerian movie jet on now
bye shit choucas here I don't know I
like we are rihanna versus beyonce which
was which aren't you in nigeria movie
song okay what should i do a movie are
you a secret fast
are you in that way yes yes
favorite Nigerian song coochie is that
door yes I do a majority back door
hello everything I like that David also
I also like I do like Fela I like what I
know get enemy what is this what his
song favorite Nigerian food so we went
to I was in electricity this woman is
gonna finger-lickin so we call it an
hour before to get off food and we still
got there and she to make our food once
we get got there she's actually what you
get
we're gonna show him I got yes yeah yes
so extra I mean I got with the acetate
variety so I I like to know cuz you want
to eat the goose II know okay so here's
you go see you for that what is in this
fish meat beef and here's the pounded
yam so I think the appropriate way cuz
there's this other YouTube channel all
deaf digital which is full of shit and
they did a video with American refugees
black kids eating that African food and
they gave them pounded yam but they gave
it just they put a plate of pounded yam
in front of them and then they gave them
a goosey but they gave it to them
separately and it was just like this is
not know so okay so you take the pound
again apparently this with your hands do
I roll it just do something to it if I
want to get it is but ma'am I'm busy
right now but you do that and with it
I'm gonna get my hands dirty
how do I know what's what yeah well no
that looks like cartilage hmm what is
these round with a whole bowl you could
have me it's not like I want that much
of it what is this is this beef that's
beef that's chicken
that's fish okay did I get enough of it
hmm it's not as bad as the one that I
had at Chitti when was the last time you
were in Nigeria 2011 how many times have
you been - I've never been
maybe I'll go one day take me to my area
what tribe are you on people
my name is to cram people I'm American
yeah you do find this guy she is you
bull she is indeed my car are you
getting me mm-hmm
say something in your tribal language
he's so busy even there you ain't got
time for the video after he took all day
nah come up with a sit down and say
something in your language never put a
who's in front of a Nigerian man with
their mom what does that mean
god is good okay so you tell me what can
I say that's in many syllables
please dude my god that's just a name
what's something you actually say I'm a
girl's purse nice is good group you say
anything I'm welcome okay to say a word
that's not false in the use of my first
name as a full set that's Wow okay what
do you like most about Nigeria we're
very welcoming I think yes honest mmm
yeah see you go you know you couldn't be
American but you're not your ass I don't
believe you but okay do you have a nice
this chicken is hardest what the next
question is what do you hate most about
Nigeria I didn't answer the first
question
well soon as I've never been to Nigeria
the Nigerians that I have met in the
States
I'm gonna talk about the Nigerians in
Houston because they are quite different
than Nigerians that are back on the East
Coast I like that they when they go out
to eat they pay for everyone I dunno
every time I just be forced even because
you would late that's the old man using
you we're late you were very late that's
why you paid for it right you'll
appreciate when we go out that I don't
have to then I don't actually have to
pay for anything like I've been out with
your brother and paid really your
brother's cheap though no exception your
brother's extremely cheap as much money
as he makes what do you hate most about
Nigeria
I was really nothing you love everything
Nigeria power why do you live here but I
love Nigeria the last time you went home
with 2011 yeah
so you haven't gone back in four years
and there's nothing you just like that's
not that's not an honest answer honestly
I don't know we don't hate the heat
no he just sees better here Oh a 70
degree zero how hot it is those are
somebody's 88 what Adrian I think my my
put off using Nigerians
or that they're overzealous over
zealously proud I get being down for
your culture or whatever and being very
proud of when you come from I'm all for
that clearly I would not be eating
nobody jollof if I wasn't awful lot
about who culture but sometimes and
you've been around you're not like that
but you do have friends you know exactly
who I'm talking about who don't I'm a
very proud like you like any time you
have a conversation and any other
culture comes up it's like no Nigerians
are better than everyone's you're not
that bad again I'm very I'm extremely
proud do you have a Nigerian nickname
you defense oh you did you're being the
worst right now it's kind of annoying
just previous information contact me
directly what makes you different from a
Nigerian well I think I'm not the
typical manager I mean they might delay
this I told you we sat there and watch
them damn wreck away this that shit's
been in the microwave
absolutely not
that's all saying I'm different
uh I'm different in many ways
I think that I I kept a hold on to do
the the traditional ebook culture that
makes sense and throw what one of them
make sense for example Oh your wife or
your girlfriend house the most being the
kitchen up blah blah blah blah okay if
you're with me after walk you have to
walk you have to make money too
it's not going in the kitchen no no no
no we have to it's a partnership that's
one example are we giving philosophical
here yes number two I'm not one of those
typical Nigeria guys that like will not
appreciate their woman or complemented
by that look at all this order if you're
fan of their baby are fine thank you
so you're saying you're saying that
Ridge Mercurian me it doesn't compliment
no I don't going to do it too much
direct it's all this poor school I know
they don't they don't should little bit
of a feminine sonic you know appreciates
the opposite sex
but I do that Guzzi right now even
though she's eating food I look at all
what I've actually super Americans do
you speak your language no I've never
really you'll be saying things here and
there but I've never heard you hold a
conversation
well are you could you hold like a
political conversation at you bow or can
you just say things conversation table
yes so say something about hiring in in
fuel oh um when somebody the comic and
translated tell me if he was correct
I've been happy enough water win
election because man in no Garissa man
man oh yeah president yeah but I don't
have enough water we know next shot okay
okay I don't have enough water maybe it
means that I'm happy
do you speak pidgin English hey I could
you must commit was for you here I did
babe guess cuz they know pigeon comes
naturally
mmm-hmm you don't have to force it okay
so I'll say something naturally I just
did Edie what's NAPLAN after year way to
go hmm so when you can watch a entire
car now with the downstairs okay I would
outside well good answers and that way
to go for me I like know this I've heard
some Nigerian pidgin English and you
really don't know what they say I
understand you're making pizza yeah Ryan
is for some time what around your house
your culture we're not in my house I
have all wait I did bring these these
are the Nigerian things that I have in
my house I did bring them with me I'll
be right in
I gotcha wise autobiography I'm almost
done there go my but I love how him and
wool a so you've got both have some
other colors for thereby autobiographies
um do you have a Chinua book in your
house no this coverage would be offering
more here you can read this he has a
placemat design is there a special
attributes of the color orange at
Nigeria because here's half of a Yellow
Sun which I actually really enjoyed yeah
does what I did a movie yeah yes what is
a ridiculous question you have been
asked about your culture you live in a
box yes that's that's what I question or
do you guys have roads questions thank
you for participating I am there's any
time video that you would like me to do
comment down below thanks for watching
hopefully would get this peaceful and
cute for her
no shame no gay no brothers do not know
knocking what you know I tell you what
an opening oh yeah Bhumika you see Oliva
a warning boy see for an untrusted of
you an opposite of Nigeria
