the black travel movement has definitely
picked up steam in the past few years
and I'm telling you it's beautiful to
see black people traveling all over the
world but one of the questions that has
been persistent is why black Americans
are not travelling to the continent of
Africa what I think people are asking is
why African Americans are not travelling
to sub-saharan African countries that
are in South Africa and there's a whole
lot of shady wrapped up in that
sentiment but girl we're not talking
about that political discussion here hey
i'm jules e head smart brown girl in
charge so let's get into this and go
ahead and you know thumbs up because
whether you like it love it or don't
agree at all you are here for a good key
a good dialogue a good discussion it's a
good time altogether subscribe if you
new know and join the conversation down
below in the comments I've seen this pop
up on Twitter and Facebook travel groups
that I'm a part of but that statement is
this so unfair when you look at the
black travel movement and particularly
the influencer black travel movement is
a very very very girl beautiful melanin
rich colourful pictures on Instagram the
travel businesses that some have been
able to grow out of their sphere of
influence have you noticed that many of
them are Africans and not simply African
they're often first to second generation
Africans and very very very often
they're Nigerian who grew up or went to
some type of school in Western countries
like the US or UK and in a very overly
general sense immigration between West
African countries like Nigeria and the
u.s. is a very complex system that in a
roundabout way because capitals will go
to capitalize imperialism go to Imperial
I ensure that mostly educated immigrants
with an access to an established network
and money make it through creating a
privileged class of African immigrants
that doesn't mean that immigration to
America or the UK or Europe in general
isn't a hard complicated task or that
more nuance can exist in the economic
status of the immigrants but that does
touch on a privilege that many of the
first and second-generation offspring
into effect here so what does this have
to do with the black travel scene well
comes to traveling internationally in a
way that won't gouge out your bank
account having access to an
international network and yeah that is
one of the privileges African immigrants
do actually hold in comparison to
African Americans it's a network of
family and friends that live all over
the world tell me where you've been and
you ain't met at least one Nigerian you
had an uncle who's a dentist in Saudi
Arabia
yo dad's childhood friend has homes
plural in our crime and not just in the
crime but in the cancer miss East Lake
wall you know sue girl you know they pop
it with the perfect background size for
older I Jeep it's talking about my home
not the National Geographic version girl
look at all that wealth I see you but I
digress tons of cousins and aunties in
London and who actually UN in
Switzerland your boarding school homie
is doing their residency in Bangkok one
of your cousin's that you have no clue
how y'all are actually cousins maybe
maybe not works in banking or some sort
of finance out in Singapore I wit and
whether you were able to stay with these
people or not having someone who can
show you around cook you a meal take you
out for a meal just be there in whatever
capacity makes traveling not only a lot
easier and cheaper but also less
stressful less anxiety and that is
really of high value also obviously part
of their home base is in their home
country in Africa often if they're West
African with a network that stretches
across Eko watch don't ask me with that
acronym stands for girls some about the
economic collective of West African
states I'll be they probably have an
echo West pass themselves which means
what's the visa and I know this is so
weird to say as an American holding one
of the most powerful passports in the
entire world and yes we have a
privileged because we can largely travel
to other places without having a visa
but I'm talking about not just any old
regular American I'm talking about black
African Americans and for a lot of black
folks we just are not familiar with the
process and I will get a little bit more
into peeking to the actual visa process
and how that causes its own sort of like
confusion and entanglement but a lot of
black social media folks already come
from means where they're able to travel
for leisure in general and then to its
it's also what African Americans are
often lacking and being able to travel
specifically to sub-saharan Africa and
establish international network which is
particularly important when considering
that West Africa largely lacks a tourist
infrastructure I know you're gonna fight
me again over this but girl travel too
South Africa now is definitely happening
but Johannesburg and Cape Town have a
tourist infrastructure that's on line
and easily accessible to map out and
plan your trip beforehand before we even
ever booked your plane ticket without
knowing anyone on the ground I'll give
it to you Ghana and more specifically I
cry absolutely has a business tourist
infrastructure but not so much for
leisure travel and those are quite
different and without a network that
would give you access to someone who
lives in whatever West African country
they generally just are not as easy of
places to travel to on your own now not
saying it can't be dying it's just a
difference in ease of access and cost
and other things that may traveling to
West African countries a little bit more
you know difficult for an American yes
the Caribbean and Mexico are easy peasy
trip short flights no peace is needed
and the popular destinations tend to be
very very cheap both once you get there
and the flight to get there girl I went
to Mexico for 20 miles round-trip
Cuba for $20 roundtrip actually even
today where most African Americans the
United States actually live if you ever
look at a heat match so unless you're in
like a major city like New York and I
know Houston tends to have some
equitable flights maybe Atlanta
sometimes getting flights to West Africa
if you're outside of any of those cities
can be significantly more costly I
would've thought that work at first
because of a flight glitch that happened
what was that Christmas 2014 my god we
can old I went to South Africa my 30
year so 2015 $325 on my flight that was
so beautiful but it was such a struggle
flight I think was like 21 hours or
something ridiculous but that dollar
Teran conversion rate was oh so very
very very beautiful my feelings were a
hundred and twenty ways to hurt when I
went to Ghana and toboe because it was
just so very very very expensive the
city guess the city did in fact hurt my
feelings but I'm speaking to travel as
an African American if you don't know
any guy names I know people always come
at me for the way I say yeah I'm so
sorry this colonizers tongue excuse me
but if you don't know any local guy
names you booked a trip to Accra hotels
are expensive transportation is costly
because well it's not that there isn't a
public transportation infrastructure
happening
just that I don't know if I would
recommend someone who's not familiar to
try and get on the local public
transportation I forget what we even
call it most of people that I know well
when I went to Ghana most of the people
would either have a private driver and
therefore a private car or yes the
private taxi man's number we could just
call when you actually needed him and
that is not it's not expensive expensive
but it definitely can add up very
quickly it's more expensive than a burn
or lift was available and I don't know
maybe louvers available now cuz it's
been like three years since I went but
more so than simply just the cost of
like transportation when you look at a
lacking tourist infrastructure or just
lack like solid infrastructure even for
like the local people and small
businesses and how that all plays into
the ecosystem of being able to travel
and explore a country that you're not
actually familiar with on your own
the lacking infrastructure Rises the
cost on basic necessities the flight in
estates is not only gonna be expensive
but long-running you around the minimum
of seven hundred and four being very
kind if you only hold an American
passport there are the visa fees
something a lot of us again are just in
general not familiar with the visas can
get complicated because by time you take
a 17-hour flight someplace and you take
off the time of work you save the money
you buy these fences play in my mind
every time I go to Europe I visit more
than one country so if I go to the car
today obviously I want to visit more
than one plate and then you run into the
issue of visas you know when I went to
Ghana because I went to Togo in order to
get my goddamn visa because I had Togo
visa first I had to get a yellow fever
shot yellow fever shot in America is
almost always low in stock or sold out I
don't know why and it was like $175 for
the shot tried to get a $135 shot in
order to get the visa for Ghana because
I had a Togo visa in my passport now I
could have taken the risk or waited in
time got to Ghana and was crossing the
border to get the yellow fever shot
there but I'll speak French I'm clearly
not from the air you know there's just
certain things you have to do - just
alleviate the stress and the you know
girl we walked across the border to Togo
and I'm saying I just don't get would I
do that by myself
no no then lodging transportation food
data Wi-Fi it becomes costly quickly
it's not cheap and then even once you
get over the visa hump going from one
country to another and you're trying to
book tickets some airlines I tell you to
go to the office and buy your
which means you have to wait until
you're on the continent to buy your
ticket and you can't buy in advance
making it cheaper so you're paying for a
more expensive flight do they all leave
on time you know what is time but yeah
this all ties back to a lack of
infrastructure loadshedding which is
when electricity goes off and
electricity going lost doesn't just
affect the electricity it also affects
running water how small businesses
manage you don't realize how much use
water for so many things you just have
it at your access all the time we
definitely take it for granted I think
one of the most beautiful things about
traveling to other countries is being
able to be a patron at local businesses
and go into local communities and
support the businesses and the local
people coming out of there when I was in
I cried and I was there when it was a
really bad bout of loadshedding
it doesn't just impact my access to
water and my comfort ability and what
I'm used to it's also impacts the
communities that you want to experience
and other things that you would like
your ease of like exploring and going in
other places you know I would see so
many businesses closed because they
didn't have access to the basic new
things that they need to run far the
reason why hotels tend to be so
expensive will be that like if they need
to have their own generator or import
their own water and basically be their
own little city within this like box of
a hotel that's going to drive up costs
traffic patterns bra the traffic driving
well that's that's interesting it to put
it very lightly well I don't know if I
would ever attempt to drive on my own
you know it's just you do need money
when you don't have family or people's
on the ground now I know there's always
gonna be the outliers there are the
people that are ok with backpacks who
live life on the edge who risk are all I
met this girl and I cried who loved one
in Nigeria by herself and just
backpacking okay girl that's how it
moved me I don't think most people
travel like her I don't even think most
people travel like me so you have to
take in the context that people tend to
live in very small world we are just
coming into access to this larger world
and so you can't just like throw
everything at them at once
they do have to be ease into it cuz
anxiety will have people making a really
stupid decision then there is a safety
concern when you look at like the State
Department website it's confusing for
people who are not well-traveled or well
seasoned the bulk of us will then defer
to the closest Africa
that we know which comes with its own
set of politics and bias tapped into
that I was South Africa by myself I had
locals warning me like once I got to
Johannesburg warning me about how unsafe
Joburg was now I never felt unsafe or in
danger I had a great time then when I
was in Ghana and trying to get to
Nigeria for a wedding and yes I know the
history between Ghana hands and
Nigerians I get it
but even Nigerians in Ghana we're
looking at me like girl goes the airport
by ourselves you are out so you get a
lot of conflicting information and it
can be confusing when talking to people
and they're coming in and you're looking
at them as a person of validity or like
you value their opinion because they are
African and then you get this
conflicting information about where to
go or how to get there and what's okay
travel you can end up with a lot of
conflicting information that doesn't
make your trip any easier now I live in
New York City my family is from Brooklyn
and Harlem so I know how to navigate the
city and ways that are very
cost-effective and I feel comfortable
and safe I have people to take me out to
meet up with me to entertain me to tell
me what's going on it's familiar I it's
a space that I've been in and cultivated
since I was a child but I also
understand how New York City can be very
daunting and an expensive experience
there's someone with no connections to
anyone in the city and we have to
remember that while some place is home
to us it's welcoming and warm and
familiar other people will be
overwhelmed by the same things that
strike us as familiar and brings you to
our hearts it just might give them a
real anxiety attack we got to come back
to the V services if you have a
Carribean or African passport visas are
mostly not a concern when traveling to
Africa and yes this is a conundrum
because again the American passport is
very very powerful in that you can get
into a lot without a visa first is the
flip is that if you only have a
Caribbean or African passport it is more
difficult for you to travel to some
places that's easier for us to travel to
I already started this by saying when we
look at who's traveling and who makes it
seem like it's so easy to get to these
places as a tourist it is people that
are from a very specific privileged
class of African immigrants in the
Western world which is why most likely
every time I see a blog post about
travel to Africa made easy the person is
always like get a Caribbean passport or
a half
huh that's not actually no real advice
is my parents say from the Caribbean if
I'm not from the Carribean wait people
really think they're giving some were
fraud advice to the general public and
I'm like nasus you're not visas can take
a good minute as I already explained
part of the issue is you have to mail
your whole passport in and websites be
outdated not in English and just
confusing like why I gotta give you my
bank statements for a visa that's just
being petty I get it cuz America ain't
ish so if you don't have someone to
guide you through the process
I'm not surprising people are hesitant
to travel to countries that require a
visa issued by the embassy in their
country in their home country meaning
that once I got to West Africa I
couldn't go to any of the embassies in
any other country to get a visa in
Nigeria I have to get a visa from the
Nigerian embassy in the United States
the point is that amongst this
privileged class that we are seeing kind
of promoting a lot of this travel and
being able to do this travel African
Americans the visa game is almost always
a clusterfuck that can be a big
hindrance in trouble I have to mention a
lot of travel companies that do trips to
Africa are either very very very
expensive or this wholesale scams
I have experiences firsthand my general
rule of thumb is to seek out review and
for countries that don't have tourist
infrastructures that's accessible before
you get there you need a person on the
ground who is familiar with the culture
the language the people like they know
reliable and timely because what is time
people on the ground and the country
where they're trying to host a trip I
just tell you what is time yeah mm-hmm
and so yeah they have to be in the know
in a very intimate way in order to
navigate that space and host a trip of
like non-native African people partially
because there is the big one from
African Americans to go back to the
motherland on the continent of Africa
this arena is just so rife with scams
there and I'm not even saying that it's
Africans doing the scam man but it'd be
Americans or the american-born
taking full advantage of the uptake of
people trying to get back to the
continent I definitely understand that
for a place that is home that you were
proud of that you love you want to see
other people enjoy it and love it the
same way we
talk about going to the colonizers land
and particularly if black people are
going to be proud of their African
heritage and on that what kind of
forever
girl shouldn't they be vacationing in
Africa I mean I don't necessarily
disagree but I'm not gonna use that
other planet judgment or shade against
people either for plenty of
african-americans getting a passport is
a big privilege you'd be surprised how
many people can't even find their birth
certificate I just don't know how to get
a passport we largely lack access to an
international network so people
generally are more prone to traveling to
budget-friendly places they can do ease
and comfort over a weekend where they
don't have to take off work we went into
a contract based society a lot people
don't even have paid time off anymore so
matter taking a two-week vacation we're
essentially you can't work or make any
money well you spend in a lot of money
it's just not as simple as we would like
to make it out so if we want to see our
melanin skinned folk there until these
countries and their governments provide
the infrastructure not just for tourists
but for the local people so that
businesses can flourish that make the
experience so much more valuable and
beautiful it is going to take other
African immigrants to be the bridge that
connects the Diaspora back to your
homeland invite folks connect them with
reputable people one agree on offer the
knowledge and resources that make these
trips feasible and let go of the
judgment cuz I need someone to host me a
Abhi's online shop oh you don't ask me
no friends I beg alright
