hey guys it is Jody and it is time for a
live pop start I might be a little
nervous about this like oh my gosh you
know so let me take a second real quick
to figure out how to read you guys those
comments because you can comment along
and ask questions and I will answer them
this podcast is gonna be 30 minutes so
it will end at 8:36 my time or 936 or if
you're in the East coat on the west
coast what is that 6:36 p.m. and we are
going to cover all the topics I figured
I would do a live one because it's a sad
week and so on my feelings and you know
I want it to lighten the mood up a
little bit and try something knit though
so let me find your comment section here
oh here goes representing Raleigh hey
the BX Chicago Alabama but currently in
Kansas New Orleans oh you have my
sister's name Tatiana
okay but where's my actual stream Google
stay updated something and it's always
so different low who already alright so
let's get into this drink so I still
have the drink left over that I made for
dinner and Blanc Houston I really have
most of the fruit it's gonna be so bad
so I have a fork because I might be
eating along throwing this it is the bar
to Nara cup I fucked it up a buck of
that you know my favorite Moscato and
some fruit with some crackhead cognac
what is it did I put homeless on Orion
Jonas whatever a cheap cognac was and
sprites so cheers clink clink clink
clink
Clegg let me know what you're sipping
along to leave it in the comment section
I mean I can get some drink ideas
alrighty
Google is so shitty it's saying only one
person is watching right now and it
won't load the comments for me raining
huh
can you guys hear me okay it's saying
something what is wrong am i not live
because people are commenting that they
can't let us still on standby there it
is no no it's just on a delay that's why
we recommend you use an audio stream
bitrate at 8 I don't know how to change
my bitrate my audio stream why does
Google always do this to you it's never
a smooth say it's never smooth sailing
when trying to do live anything because
Google is forever telling you that
something is wrong but they don't tell
you how to fix it so like what am I
supposed to do I don't know
okay wait can y'all see me now okay look
the comments are on the way so I'm sorry
I don't know what's going on okay yes I
am reading no comments okay we got it
together there's a slight delay so I
apologize if I fall back on things but
we got together now all right so first
up a lot of people have been sending me
I can't see the comments kay thank you I
got it now um but a lot of people have
been asking me to talk about the
Medicare Republic and the things are
going over Haiti girl I've been doing so
many sad dedicated videos and I finally
then I just didn't want to do a whole
video on it because I'm not that well
versed on like the political history of
the dr and haiti but obviously I'm not
fucking what was going on there like
hello I have never gone the dr and i I'm
in the no madness tribal tribe on
Facebook and there's been quite a few
threads of people who are supposed to be
going to dr in the coming weeks who are
canceling their trips and protests and i
think that is an awesome idea you know I
feel like black people are the largest
tourist group black Americans are the
largest tourist group to the dr
everybody has a friend that's been to
Punta Cana like right I have stuff
pre-planned which you can also leave
comments about what you'd like me to
talk about but you know it's I think if
we kind of put our money where our mouth
is they will definitely rethink their
positioning about relocating Dominican
Republic Dominicans of Haitian descent
to Haiti the one thing in like trying to
research and find out more information
about this is I don't really you see
whole lot of dominican people speaking
up and out about it they're either like
a little quieter kind of hesitant like I
don't see Dominicans being as vocal as I
would like at least the Dominicans that
I know or our friends with on Facebook
even within the groups that I'm on in
facebook when people bring it up
Dominicans kind of you know I don't know
it's just maybe I don't know a lot maybe
there's just I don't know I don't know
how I'm supposed to feel about the lack
of noise and I'm hearing from that
community but I feel like it could be a
little more amplified so there is that
but for those of you didn't know the dr
passed the law sometime last year saying
they were gonna relocate the haitians
back to haiti hayes infrastructure is a
hot mess currently i don't know i do
know that their president is mickey the
singers on the president haiti girl it's
just not as it look like they don't have
the money or the funds to take that big
of the influx of people at one time and
it's really just the issue of racism
like haitians are black Dominicans tend
to be black and or fair and this you
know this whole spectrum of colorism and
the complexities that that has put on a
society and Dominicans that I know like
you know from women in New York there is
a really strong undercurrent of colorism
in the community and I don't know how
poignant Lee it's being addressed but
I'm not the medicated you know you have
a Monica style news she's them
indicating right ask her about it at
some kid said she's not for latina you
know obviously I think it's wrong I
don't know
aside from asking the American
government to say something about it
what else we can do or if you know just
not traveling there too so there's that
next time it so kalief Browder i talked
about him in my video on McKenney i'm
gonna get all the fashion up away okay
say what else want me to talk about but
Khalif brothers mother did a really
really good interview on Nightline
talking about the death of her son I
think it's worth watching we've seen a
ton of interviews with kalief Browder
and his suicide really is a murder
and he's not the only young man who has
been locked up for for a length of time
without being charged for anything or
committee
I used to go looking for my homeboy
Shawn this nigger will go missing when I
was in Brooklyn and I would have to call
central booking to see if he had got
locked up because they really will stop
you and if you don't have ID on you put
you in central booking and just lock you
up and if they lock him on a Friday
night you're not getting out until
Monday so you know it's a real serious
problem and I think you know the more
aware we are of it the more you know we
can impact the change even if it's on a
really local or small level and go from
there
ah the ex okay so I already get a whole
video I went to church this morning
I gotta hope city in Houston Texas I
love pastor Jeremy Foster it's awesome
if you're looking for a church in
Houston
you can definitely come to Hope City it
is a white pastor it's a whole lot of
white folk in a church girl but I really
went to service and I was like if my man
prax the Forester does not talk about
the Charleston shooting I'm a heck of a
new church so he's doing this series on
under pressure
talking about the different facets of
pressure in your life and so today was
on anger and forgiveness and her I was
like okay this is a real interesting
topic I'm you know he could really tie
Charleston into this somewhere and my
man he did it the last 10 minutes of the
service he not only addressed it he said
the nine victims names but he directly
said this is a matter of race and we
need to talk about race issues in
America cause I look I might just have
to go ahead and actually join the church
now because he did that and then he come
and complimented me on my hair actor so
I was like yes
Jeremy Foster but um Dylann roofs
friends here let's see if I can pull it
up on my computer's sillens
you Nike went into like make a little
place joke about dye line because of
how's Dylan suppose his name whatever
but this Negro this foolish Negro here
if y'all haven't seen the interview I
linked it on my facebook
Paige there you go hey can you say it
was how cool is this is I got
technologies on ish it's foolish Negro
he did an interview with the BBC talking
about how he doesn't feel any different
about that dialogue Dylan after he
committed the massacre that he did he
doesn't think he's racist because he's
never been racist to him and he really
meant to go scoot up ditch the school is
3 miles up first of all there is no
University of Charleston this there is a
college three blocks away from where the
massacre happened at and if you hear
your friend say I'm gonna shoot up
anything
why why would you not report it or tell
someone else was like I don't know I
don't even know if I want to know what
kind of drugs this child is doing but he
owns something because his bride his
birth his bride his brain is fried like
scrambled eggs like this Negro I was
just so over it I was soaked through
when I watched the interview so I posted
I don't want Facebook page and people
were like don't share it because he
clearly got paid this thing ain't smart
enough to collect no coin off of an
interview he's just dumb like dumb as
fuck like dumb people do exist like that
and clearly we see this it's a shame but
I know people were saying I should have
said the name of the victims in my video
so you know out of respect I do not want
to butcher their names and I honestly
cannot say it without like you know
busting the thugs here so hmm you know
I'm just this is me respectfully kind of
I don't know how else to put it like I
just don't want to mess up the way name
or start crying here on camera so you
know I do feel like remembering their
names it's important the New York Times
is a great write-up
about each of the nine victims and their
families and where they come from and I
will link that on my Facebook page and
once this video is done this live
streamis that I'll have a link in the
description box for you guys to check it
out
all right thee let's take this fucker
off my
TV screen light maybe not even cute I'm
so true uh so next up I watched the Game
of Thrones finale later then the rest of
y'all did because I was out you know I'm
single Chyna mean we'll try to make some
friends in ish and so I was out last
Sunday parlaying and miss the live
showing of the finale Game of Thrones
and so my dumb behind check Twitter
before watching Game of Thrones and I
it's it it wasn't it wasn't spoiled for
me we gotta get the bad can y'all see
that the wet and wavy BAE
it's huge on that right look at my wet
and wavy back bra so nobody actually
spoiled it for me
but y'all let me know that somebody was
fitting to die and like girl girl I
wasn't I don't know it was kind of like
it wasn't almost a kill bus for me
because I knew somebody I liked was
going to die but Arya see with the the
faceless man girl that is too much
suspense I was sitting in a bed under
the covers like no I can't I can't even
her see when she gotta do his eyes out
like Erin's in the road does she like a
four-foot a lemon thug but she's a real
good and then do like took away her
eyesight like look george RR martin and
in two white boys that be producing game
of thrones don't fuck up area she needs
to live like we've killed enough the
starts snark stark family please do not
let anybody else that Jon Snow did it
passed away it's a week out so it's I'm
not really spoiling shit for anybody you
just wait Sarris sit on it but like the
Deaf see was bad wag I don't know if
it's because I knew somebody was gonna
die and so I was already ready for it
but like just the wait like I knew once
he said Sam yo Sam well say
away I knew something bad was spending
to happen but who how did you read all
three books in a week in three weeks
girl I have that collection of books
there they're long as fuck and way too
much going on but you know when when I
know when he said Samuel away I knew
something bad was going to happen but
even the way they gray he'll have no
other women like how we do the head of
shit like you don't got no security like
that's like a mutiny doesn't happen that
homely it was like trader on a board it
is you know it was like it was like when
Omar got killed by Kenner in the wire
but way less like act like I felt like
that was more impactful like this was
just like bra relieves cost and I take
it like you just killed a white Walker
last week with the valet like come on
come on I don't I don't I don't like how
you just gonna take it like that I don't
get it
Sansa jumped off the bridge with the on
Theon back I guess everybody that is in
the Ramsay the Bolton camp look like
they breath stank like most of the
people on the show that way they wreck
saying like I don't know what they brush
their teeth with but for whatever the
bolt I can just look like extra fucking
funky like they just as nasty like they
don't bathe like you know like just not
and so I'm happy that sense I can just
run away and get some freshness and
cleanliness because she couldn't be
bathing his shit that smell good they
just look mad
yeah but our IP to the wedding we need
ebay y'all asking what conditioner he
used I'm gonna go with the shea moisture
Jamaican black castor oil because that
is relieving your deep conditioner he
did conditions on a weekly basis that
ish believe in a smoothie smoothies
oh I believe in my coils we can assume
so John got to be real good with the
Jamaican black castor oil shea moisture
deep conditioner and get you some I
don't know you think John's gonna come
back so they if we just gonna spoil shit
fire ease so when the red wedding
happened in
last season which is when Robb Stark and
his baby mamas and his mother was
murdered at the hands of the Bolton
family during the wedding in the books
mama stark comes back as like a ghost I
don't know what she don't make us up
something something sort of mystical and
basically seeks revenge on people that
have haunt her family so she but they
didn't in the book she's a very poignant
character that comes back to life and
they did not bring her back in the show
so there's room for John to come back
because they didn't the way he kind of
died in his blood spilling out doesn't
so little find he's actually dead and
other people in the show have come back
to life but whatever and for all you
smart brown girls I don't watch girl you
could go watch Game of Thrones it's real
good I was thinking about doing like a
recap video but I feel like he will be
like I don't watch I don't know what she
talked about all right so I only have
two more topics you can go ahead and
start recommending anything else you
would like me to talk about but we're
gonna take the bay off you want to take
off the bay there you go these hexes
alright so actually I have two point
five things to talk about because I'm
gonna admit to watching a show I said I
no longer watch but married into
medicine is bent on it and like is it
just me or is this like married to
gold-diggers because the only people I
like are the actual doctors heavenly is
crazy McCool and I like dr. Jackie and
dr. Simone but everybody else I just is
they're just inseparable like I can't I
cannot deal with any of these women and
they have like the pettiest of the
dumbest of the dumbest trauma and cry be
having a hard-ass weave
like girl you can't think that possibly
looks like an ounce of your real hair
but quiet
our website is quiet stays busy girl
you're so full of shit good and her man
ain't got an ounce of bass in his voice
like I know you married him just for the
coin that's why you got to have no kids
with it you only there for a lifestyle
try that sweetie
speaking of ratchet television shows so
I may or may not have watched a few
episodes of Love & Hip Hop Atlanta but
can we talk about young Jack can we talk
about young Jack who has a kids by four
different women is still married to one
of the women who happens to be the
second baby mom's has two more baby moms
after her has a new girlfriend and the
last many months and a new girlfriend is
fighting with his negro why are we that
desperate out here is it real is it that
serious I don't I don't I'm just I'm
lying why and these when you wanna talk
about dumb it's just like dumb as fuck
that is Oh like I believed and married
to medicine is just as bad because toy
is dumb she dumb and broke which ain't
girl what you doing with that and then
these women with young job I just dumb
and like not attractive so stop it like
you're fighting over didn't that's been
shared around by everyone like I can
bullshit on if I wanted to leave it a
little girl it ain't even worth it
all right Oh last we got to put this on
a screen no discipline before I talk
about it yes this is my last planned
topic girl cuz I got all my life and my
edges might have been smashed with it
too I was like damn people do extra work
out where's my folder ass shit
let's talk about it let's talk about it
though let's get it up here do you see
this that is somebody 61 year old mother
slaying down so Tina Knowles is on the
cover of the most recent epidemic as in
girl and I just I just oh Jesus
let's sit to that y'all take a sip for
Miss Tina Knowles I might even have to
eat some fruit with that one cuz these
if you want to fight over something
fight over it Tina Knowles people trying
to claim she has plastic surgery even is
you know you can pull it while older
picture at Tina Knowles she doesn't look
the same as she did when she was younger
she looks like she has aged she just has
aged very gracefully and she looks
amazing her cover with the hair there
I've had to comb my hair like that it
was an epic fail I was like trying to
get my life but she just out here
explaining and having good sex I hope
you have some good morning sex girl wake
up and pull up and your walk I'm not a
girl yes all right so let me see what
y'all always talk about because that was
all I really had planned and see if
y'all had fun for me this day girl I
know the STDs that are coming up off a
young-ja uh before you even get to it
SCT vaginosis is real in the streets
have your pussy something like tuna fish
that is not cute at all you need to know
what that keep that is pH pH balance and
obviously with no hoe-ass Negro tag is
who you y'all are foolish okay so yes I
was nominated for curl black curl box
vlogger of the year I got a email me
about it um how do I feel about it like
thank you how did I get here that's what
that was really my reaction I was like
oh really
people stapling the worst pictures of me
though like come on I have better
selfies on Instagram that you won't have
all the other bloggers with the fresh
soapy picture that I'm on here looking
dry but whatever I appreciate it thank
you for the nomination
why can we keep asking me about my
college major is I felt like I answered
that in my previous absolutely an
associate degree that I don't use just
really have that excitement
um so Lupe Fiasco trying to discuss
white supremacy of defendant who
Australia you know are we still buying
Lupe albums though we may have been
angry since like forever he wanted some
other ish I don't even pay him no mind
like I'm good
what were ok so I don't know what Mitt
Romney's comments were about taking down
the Confederate flag but in my video on
trust and I said fuck nikki Haley if I
don't see who don't know nikki Haley is
a governor of South Carolina
she is Indian and she changed her name
Europeanized her name and kind of pretty
much denounced most of her Indian
heritage and you're a woman of color
sitting in an office that has a
confederate flag flying outside of it
like that issues why oh and she doesn't
see anything wrong with this so I don't
care what Mitt Romney would say about it
because he's not relevant in my playbook
I need nikki Haley to actually say
something about it one of the state
senator is Lindsey Graham was saying
that though he doesn't want to take the
flag down because it's up there to
empower Bubba really sir really for
those who don't know what the
Confederate flag is it was the flag
representing the South the Confederacy
during the Civil War which was not just
about the freeing of slaves but a large
part of it was a bringing slaves in the
South 6 the southern states seceded from
the northern states wanting to be able
to keep you know their laws in place and
one of those major laws was having
slaves so the Confederacy kind of speaks
so white supremacy its speech toward as
an era of slavery
and the meaning of black people in
America Oh
Romney said the flash should come down I
mean but why are we shocked and
surprised that a white man gets it like
we should it should be regular like I'm
really kind of over applauding white
people for like getting race it's like
okay thank you
next who else gets it like come on cuz
you also began in oh yes so Bobby Jindal
in Louisiana who's just a hot bowl of
messiness is the governor of Louisiana
he also denied his Indian Asst and
Americanized his name and his he's even
worse than nikki Haley you know the
three states that are probably doing the
worst in the United States are
Mississippi Louisiana and South Carolina
and they all have major politicians in
those states who have denied their
cultural affiliations and Americanize
themselves to move into the GOP movement
and it's just crazy like it makes no
sense and they also have the large those
three states have the largest swath of
people that live below the poverty line
in the United States and so I don't know
what's happening with the voting out
there or the sub black people who tend
to be in Louisiana I think 52% of the
state list below the poverty line and of
that 52 percent 48 is african-american
so I don't know what's happening with
the most communities that's whether our
that many of them felons that they can't
vote like how are they keeping the
stronghold over these large swaths of
people and keeping them so down and so
behind the rest of the progression of
the United States
so Romney gets it cuz he's that up for
election that would be true so the
people the politicians that have
responded to Charleston you know no
one's I personally feel like Obama's
statement was weak I don't know what
Obama can do to change racism and these
things that are happening because they
are happening on the state level and so
I feel like what's much more important
it is how South Carolina
Linna politicians
enough of the South Carolina politicians
are I care more about what the South
Carolina politicians are saying it's
much more important than what exactly
Obama's gonna say because there's not a
whole lot he can do on the federal level
I almost care more about what the House
of Cards staff and Frank Underwood have
to say about Charleston then I do about
all about my leg what he said was enough
for me but I don't I don't look at
people crazy when they feel like he
should have said more so that's just it
enough with politics how about the
movement of women and making a positive
change I mean politics is quarterback Bo
girl so you gotta educate the masses
awareness is the first step I don't know
who Ben Tillman is Sharon carpenter wins
as a black journalist but she's Indiana
right I don't even know what that is is
she relevant to me she had my boobs by
the way I love Trinidadian food I do on
a trainee cookbook but sup shucks
Winnett little mama's sausage song so
you know what's interesting about that a
lot of my New Yorker friends and like
old school hip hop friends love that
song and a lot of other people are like
no I think a little my mother across the
board is consistently trying too damn
hard like girl if you just try a little
bit less and was just comfortable with
who you are so I'm trying to feed into
all the trends I think she always is up
because she Overkill's on all the trends
all at once in one video but I didn't
hate it
but I listened to it once and then close
the tab and moved on with my life
so Christopher bridges asked as someone
who recently moved to the south how do
you feel about the dichotomy against
black people in the US I constantly
argue at friends who feel like their
neck of the woods is more progressive I
mean what the East Coast is way more
progressive than the South even like be
on a political level on a community
level my biggest right with Houston has
been that there is no sense of community
here and I think one that's because it's
southern and it's very it's a very big
city like you're driving 20 minutes to
get anywhere and so Houston loves a good
Town Center every May every major Depot
in Houston on the town center so I live
near Perla Perla and there's a Pure Land
town center absolutely all the
restaurants that my friend gets that
lives on the other side of Houston near
Memorial City are all here in peril in
it so I don't there's no reason for me
to drive over where she's at to do
something when I have it right here but
on the flip side
Houston's amazing job market and I think
people don't really need to network or
have a sense of community to get ahead
here and so it's just like you meet
people and say well do you not want to
meet new people are you happy with your
social life here and they're like it
just unbounded about it there's just no
kind of and I think that in the long run
hurts the abilities of organizations
here and progression like I was talking
to the president of the young the Urban
League young professionals and I'm like
I've been to y'all events and no it's
not that many people coming out and it
was a big city and that many black
brothers are here
you should have larger numbers and they
have all these excuses about well we're
okay where we're at I'm like well if
you're okay with 40 people coming to
your event then hands up all right good
but I'm saying in New York and DC and
these East Coast cities there's much
more to involvement and a sense of
community a sense of pride and being
active these organizations that people
come out for more things now there isn't
a unified sense of community no way I
can give me that if I don't believe it
people have their own way friendship
circles here and that's cool but people
usually meet people through their family
through their church their job
and outside of that there's not a whole
lot of cross-cultural like and there's a
very big split in Houston between on the
college level between Nigerians and
black Americans there's a very strong
line right down the middle and you say
something Nigerians they'd be no it's
not sure you say that black people they
live here I know but whatever and it's
just on the East Coast it doesn't it's
not like that at all and it allows
things to progress a lot quicker so
that's just that yes sir I believe it's
in there because I'm looking for a real
relationship and tinder is just it's a
time filler it was a waste of our time
and the men out here just the mentality
is different and I don't feel like
tinder really helps with the mentality
of men here so so if she goes to HBCU
and goes to Howard she's to stop by GW
they trapped me with their aid package
struggle you know I went to George
Washington University first and then
transferred the highway they got me
because they gave me different Hou back
it's true but I less would I have a meet
and greet Houston absolutely not no
producing events takes a lot of time and
money and getting sponsorships and then
trying to promote and get me to come out
and appreciate your time
I would love to love you guys so I will
not be producing my own uh the 2016
presidential campaign candidates are
still being announced so I don't have
anything to say about that dr. Umar
stripper scandal there are no posts on
the galleys I don't know that she does
not relevant to me at all I got my brave
phone here in Houston
I like how I got them done in South
Africa better but you know this is my
right I'm happy I will be doing a
traveling alone video that's not a pop
star topic y'all asking me as
asking me questions about me you say got
nothing to do with pop star I am trying
to put together a college tour that's
why I will see if that happens
so louis farrakhan did speak about arms
so with the breakfast club I have like
ethical issues with Louis Farrakhan and
I interviewed was too damn long girl
like I'm sorry I failed as a black
intellectual because I watched like five
minutes I mean I was like okay I'm good
bye I'm actually thinking about moving
to Dallas but we'll see oh oh yeah see
what a bright orange is the new black I
didn't talk about that I actually think
I'm gonna do a recap serious mission to
black starting tomorrow and rolling him
out because I did watch the full season
what's just me or was that the ending
kind of like oh that's it like the
series the season's over like that was
it
I like last season's storyline better
because even though I hate it be like it
like the ending was much more like oh
yes hi versus this one was kind of like
oh that's it that's what happened but I
like how they kind of got more into the
details of the characters and wenches
the new black and you really had a lot
more flashbacks a lot more the childhood
growth like you found out about Chang
the Chinese lady who like really ever
talks her backstory
you know pennsatucky was a much more
endearing and had a lot more depth this
season so I was very much to a fan you
know I loved the shit out of you so let
me not mess the same lose oh you Suzanne
who though aduba she is such an amazing
actress that like she makes everyone
else look like a bad actress like well
people are seeds with her she's so good
that you'd be like damn they really
can't ask that
because she's just swaying and every
since she's in it but I absolutely loved
her storyline of her character this
season and the season should have been
longer it did feel short but it was
Champa so so like how much longer can I
be that was it um okay this is gonna
start out so yeah three minutes left and
I'm going to log off because it's good
wall and you know my pops larks are
always less than 20 minutes and this is
wave has 20 minutes so I'm gonna fire
answer these last questions can you make
a video about to the apartment for a
single woman that's way too many
whatchamacallit it just that's so
depends on the person where you're
moving to why you're moving that know
what advice do you give someone who
wants to join eighty nine I've already
said I absolutely positively do not talk
about denied because Google is a real
thing and if you're trying to be a delta
anyway you can't I was underwhelmed with
I didn't think it was born in person
that's not me being rude though that's
factual there's one retort I'm gonna
take shots a call it I fast forward it
past every scene with Piper her and Alex
can just go like almost though Alex Alex
says three line with the dude trying to
like get her the drug dealer guy is a
little bit more interesting but Piper
I'm just gonna like I have no na why not
move to Atlanta because I'm not a gay
boy who lives there gay men you know if
I was looking to be a fruit fly ashore
but I'm not
I didn't think Ruby Rose was irrelevant
so orange is the new black
I just didn't she's just I mean I didn't
B appeal because she's she's really nice
to look at it she's pretty I don't think
she's a good actress though but I wasn't
particularly I mean I don't like Piper's
character anyway so anyone associated
with Piper is just kind of like a I'm
good on this Houston is the most diverse
city in the United States of America
statistically speaking
however the diversity is very different
from north eastern cities where people
tend to cross intersect on some
wavelengths you can definitely get some
Rogan Vietnamese food good during a food
Thai any of the Asian islands any of
South Venezuelan food for dinner tonight
like the food is great but as far as
like integrating yourself in those
communities and like making friends and
let's go like a doctor or an engineer
it's very unlikely unless you meet
somebody at your job that you are going
to interact with someone of a different
cultural background for you even amongst
those of us of the African that I asked
for a lake it is very very siloed here
and that was one of my biggest surprises
because I moved here for the diversity
so there's that one minute left and then
we go there oh yeah buzu okay oh yes
mark brown girls shirts are currently on
hold because a person that was making
them move to Ghana and my team of people
that were managing that you know might
have made a misstep and so we put the
shop on hold because I'm really big on
integrity and I would I need to get the
shirts out that are already ordered
before we sell any more shirts so those
are who have been asking about the
shirts
we're not stopped officially we just
trying to get everyone who's already
ordered the right quality of shirt first
it's a whole lot of wear girl talk my
rush to the black women
I run a smart brown girl movement and
I'm in a sorority I love black women duh
I already talked about
groans for like ten minutes my opinion
on migrating to Africa to avoid racial
tensions in America I think that is the
dumbest shit ever like duh like you have
no understanding of the history of any
African country if you are moving there
because you think yo black American as1
have the easier time with race and
ethnicity girl go ahead I hope you
generate a big enough that's not to say
about that and I see how people talk
about it I'm saying not that girl I
would love I'm trying to get the guy on
a row so I'm trying to buy me some uh
wax Dutch wax girl and get my hair
braided for cheap I eat some girls who
I'm trying to be up all in there right I
would have I would love to West Africa
is it and I you know I want to marry an
African so my kids turn to teenagers
because I'm in a boarding school with a
uncle out with a nubile or some sugar
like I'm not here for it yeah as long as
it's not like uncle femi from God I must
go to I'm not fuckin that but you know I
don't think that life would be any
easier in West Africa I think or in any
kind of even they go to South Africa I
don't know that life would be easier
that's not the reason you go I think you
go because you like the culture and the
opportunity there and that's where
you're going you're not going to leave
yourself of any problems that you face
in America because they have the same
issues we have plus other ones so it's
just a you I don't think people are
being realistic we I think Americans
smoothly black Americans doesn't have a
very utopian ideal of Africa because
that's the motherland and where we came
from but don't really understand the
politics or the lifestyle of how people
live there and it's just not a good idea
to go someplace without doing your
proper research and understanding what
you're walking into
so that's my opinion on ahead did I use
enough where it's all right so
Switzerland folks are too boring at are
you racist that's funny
thank you guys for joining with me
impact
I finished my Dre I'm going to go eat
dinners now and let me know he would
like me to do another live pop snark you
know mommy oh I love those I'm logging
up now do says let me close your shirt
that looks so cute
