okay so before we get into this video
topic that I know y'all have one to hear
me about talk about 401 I have entered
into the chase mission Street grant
competition for smart round girl I'm
really trying to make something of this
community and do something major I know
you guys have been requesting certain
things and I've heard you request that I
would love to do it but the financial
means and I'm the team behind me is like
beyond me at this point so it'd be great
if you could go well if you have a
Facebook page please go boat for smart
brown girl to win in a hundred thousand
dollar grant from Chase it would make so
many things possible that you guys have
wanted to see I will have a link down
below description box thank you in
advance I need 250 votes what if we get
to a thousand like girl why not gotta
vote by the 19th thank you this is not
actually a pop star but this time we
need a drink it's fruit soaked in Cognac
and Moscato so we're just gonna top it
off with some more Moscato don't judge
me for having a little bottle of Crown
Royal apple my homegirl for my birthday
sent me this smart brown liquor she
knows I'm a whiskey drinker well that's
good clink clink clink clink clang to
the factory that we gotta discuss in
this video Jesus so rachel dolezal look
I give Nazis single care if I could if I
correctly pronounce this woman's name or
an eye rachel deressa whatever the
her name is this white woman's has been
parlaying as a black woman for the past
however many years out in Spokane
Washington
is the president was the president of
n-double a-c-p is a professor of
Africana Studies and like though the
details even really matter here you know
there's a lot of layers to the situation
and one of the reasons why I kind of
took my time and approaching this
subject is because initially I was not
mad like I'm still not I don't know if
mad is the word to describe how I feel
overall about the situation because
quite frankly Rachel Dolezal is not the
first white woman to try to pass herself
off as black I think she might be the
first white woman in the 21st century to
pass herself off as black
in the context of claiming to be black
and therefore fighting for the black
cause but I mean like there's somebody
damn Instagram models and natural hair
people and all these other folk who are
who are black out of convenience that if
I'm gonna be mad at Rachel Dolezal I
feel like it's just so many other people
to be mad at as well I mean we did we
talked about this last year you know I
have a video you can click it and watch
right here girl I don't consider what
Rachel Dolezal doing is to be passing
it's Rachel this Rachel child is a
straight-up liar like she's a hustler
she's a liar and I find it really
offensive that people are saying that we
should lord her because she's done more
for us than we've done for ourselves I'm
like I'm gonna keep saying y'all need to
get a better Wi-Fi connection like stop
trying to act like black women haven't
been out here fighting for ourselves
fighting for our rights
haven't been doing the damn thing for
our community plus more for the past
like nigga like seriously stop
demoralizing my womanhood like stop
trying to take every single thing that
happens in the context of black women
and turning it against us like stop Keri
Hilson you whack Ashley oh I feel about
it is this racial situation is offensive
because I have fought for my people I do
fight for my rights I am an active
member of my of several communities it's
just so offensive but why can't we talk
about how this woman got like she has
like the base the typical white women
who feel like she down by the COS accent
like I know several white women who are
down who are down who talk just like
Rachel that's so weird watching her
interviews I really hate to do that I
love you but thing because when people
start leaving me comments about I love
you Jules E and that always goes I
love you but and it always goes
somewhere laughing oh my god you don't
know what love is but you know soul roar
and that card choose what's over Melissa
harris-perry I waited all day the extra
New York I said when I all day so
watch your interview because I knew you
were going to be the one person who
could come hard come correct do it all
respectfully and really speak to the
highbrow nuances intellectual critical
thinking whatever social conscious
struck whatever tumblr words you want to
add to that that this issue has brought
about in the black community that she
would take it out of the kind of rage
that black Twitter has put out of it out
of the jokey kind of break it down why
this child is wrong one and two the
complexities of what race really means
and in the world and at least in the
United States of America I've always had
a question like the history that we put
behind a Walter White or a Adam Clayton
Powell or the various other people who
are evolved it like we're kind of like
the black literati on the the spectrum
of whiteness we're all the way on the
Europe inside these identities are very
complex especially when they come in as
figure heads in the black and the
movement of the black community very
complex ideal right and I've talked
about this over and over again whether
it's in the light gross documentary when
I was talking about why I'm in that rare
community you know I've touched on the
several videos as that from my from my
personal perspective race is a social
construct you know historically speaking
black and white was something that some
white man came up to when he was trying
to you know write about these different
people in sub-saharan Africa you know
race was built on physical
characteristics really there is only one
race the human race however I feel like
I'm agnostic when it comes to race and
then I don't believe that we'll ever
have a unified factual understanding of
race because it has been so deeply
ingrained into our culture into our
history and it's just so confident
within the context of people that have
been oppressed and subjugated
specifically America we as a cult as a
people have kind of moved forward with
an identity behind what it means to be
black and really turned it in from just
a thing of physical attributes into a
culture to a community into a sense of
self and heritage that really belongs
with identifying as black in America now
I'm I can't you know we are the one
group that does not have ethnic naming
system to differentiate ourselves so yes
in America black is a very very big deal
out of us being oppressed and out of how
we were stripped of our humanists in the
history of the building up of America
and then because we have become a
dominant culture made on the main stage
of like worldwide culture and that we
are so influential our identity as black
and our culture in our community has
kind of carried over in the
transatlantic loop between the rest of
like the African Diaspora and now it's
become mirrored and hey we look like you
but we have a name for our ethnicity
that's not black and it's taken us full
circle back around to what the original
identity of black was in that it was
based on physical attributes but now
it's come full circle and it's taken on
all this I don't know call it baggage
because I'm very proud of my culture in
my history but it's taken on a much
larger tone and it's become a much more
complex gradient and Rachel played up on
that grayness a hundred and twenty
percent and that's what she's doing in
her interviews but tell you Rachel where
you up back she used black as a
as a convenient means to get what she
wanted she gonna did everything she has
done as a white woman and it would have
been authentic it loses all credibility
no black person I had met from the state
of Washington it's so like nice and kind
of like a dippy way like a girl and she
really wasn't in racial we're gonna do
some more black people and she was
approval point she's gonna take a hop
behind a Detroit and let's see how far
she got in there is when you use the
oppression and the fight that black
people have actually gone into going
through an America to get press
clippings and to build yourself up as
some sort of leader of this movement he
used my identity to amplify herself and
that to me is what's so offensive it's
like she will never understand the
weight of being a black woman and what
that really really really means it's
hilarious is all these people out here
that last year was Ryan for a water lily
on that curly Nicki blog Rachel Dolezal
actually knows how to do black hair
where her Carly Nicki featurette dog
let me know what your thoughts are in
the comments down below I will have a
blog post up that better explains my
train of thought tomorrow morning but I
want to get this video up because I said
is gonna be up tonight and thank you for
rockin with me though I am NOT going to
participate in taking the bodies of
black women and assaulting them and
simply using them as reasons for
dividing a community say her name -
Jerry Becton she deserves it
you
