hey guys it's josie and i know you're
thinking it's time for another pop snark
but actually I have something else to
say to you guys today what's happened
over this past weekend has left me in my
fields and I spent a couple days trying
to figure out exactly how I wanted to
address this that's it even matter what
I have to say about any of these things
PO point of being a smart brown girl is
understanding the power of your voice
and your words and the platform that you
have to speak out on such buckaroos this
past weekend in the suburban town of
McKenney not too far from dallas texas
and a neighborhood that looks so very
similar to the neighborhood that i
resided in houston texas a police
officer Eric casebolt thought it was
appropriate to physically assault a
young black 15 year old girl and pull
out his gun on unarmed black teenage
males and aggressively tell other black
teenagers who were saying please sir
well sir well sir to shut the fuck up
and just sit down because you know but
the details of this really matter do we
talk about the details of the duggar
case or do we say you know he was 14 so
he didn't really know no better but
Michael Vick serving time in jail for
having a dog fighting pick do we ask the
details and say well maybe there was a
reason maybe the dogs caused him to do
these things maybe the dogs were just
aggressive or are dogs white people and
baseball the only things that are
allowed respect without questioning it's
not a simple race issue of white versus
black which is why I feel like this
conversation so often get smeared and
muddled and turns of the some events is
just entirely not this is a hundred and
twenty percent a matter of race race
issues are never split cleanly down the
middle they are always messy with people
who are unable to acknowledge their own
bigotry because they look like you the
one who's claiming to be oppressed it is
a matter of humanity is that
matter how we perceive black people we
not just white people not just people
who don't identify as black it's a
matter of how the human race is
perceiving black people and therefore
how we treat these black people and how
we assess the treatment and the assault
and the victimizing of these black
people I just want to be clear that
victim shaming kills it killed Calise
Browder who did not fight who did not
resist arrest who did not run who didn't
actually even commit a crime but spent
30 months behind bars and one of the
toughest prisons in the United States of
America while people asked questions
looking for a reason to justify their
disembowelment of kelis rights how do i
see my own people assisting in this
harmful questioning there is absolutely
no excuse for the behavior of the police
officer fuck the vigilante ass fat ass
white me and that was stated in the
video standing over assisting case bow
in dragging a young black girl who was
already seated on the ground all your BS
respectability politics you have kids
who speak clearly and in full sentences
are coming from two-parent households
are doing everything correct that you
think if we just do a little bit more of
it somehow want to protect us because
then our race will suddenly become
invisible these kids are doing
everything that we claim these to be
upheld via respectability politics and
they still are being assaulted they're
being assaulted on camera and your
cousins and your white neighbors are
still looking at this BS as if these
kids are to blame bonuses stop asking
what are the black feminist what are the
black people what are the black parents
doing and if you think there's a lack of
doing start doing yourself forget a
better Wi-Fi connection
I understand that I am preaching to the
choir but I'm hoping my choir of smart
brown girls can carry their voices home
and sing a beautiful song that motivates
they cousin aunties Uncle Tom as Negroes
who are sleeping on the couch a victim
shaming to wake up and stay woke days
does not come through silence or total
unity I want us to understand that we do
not all have to agree on how to proceed
forward but we simply have to find a way
and an act that whether it comes to you
being a citizen of awareness whether it
comes from you triumphing the rights of
those who are disadvantaged whether it
comes from your community service
whether it comes from your knowledge
however you can share and be impactful
be impactful the resources that you have
available to you because change will
only come through pressure and hopefully
we can get the change to impact before
that pressure point entirely combust and
you thought I was done but I have to
come back and make a note of something
I'm at fault here in this video for
doing an entire video without mentioning
the name of the young girl who was
attacked by the police officer in
mckinney texas de jeriah becton I am NOT
going to participate in taking the
bodies of black women and assaulting
them and simply using them as reasons
for dividing a community say her name
the Jerry effective she deserves our
respect responsibility as the young
American citizens to understand the
standards by which you are confronted
and by which many of you are visibly and
obviously victimized and others of you
not so obviously but equally victimized
are not the only standards in the world
I would beg you to insist to fight with
me and not let me get away with anything
