hey guys it's Julie and I am back with a
wig Wednesday hopefully it's still
Wednesday when I get this up with review
and you know I am back with another
kinky straight wig because I'm just
obsessed with kinky straight wigs and
every time a company asked me to do a
review I'm like well you don't have a
kinky straight wig I'm not really
interested I just like how to who's
kicking straight lace wig
it's from premier lace wigs it came in
two little box and this people face sent
over a netting cap I don't wear these
nor do I use them so okay they have an
affiliate program and points for
purchasing through them so they have a
little pamphlet explaining now oh they
really win in cash back you buy from
them and I guess you do a review when
you post an Instagram or something
they'll send you $20 and then it also
came with eyelashes which is really cute
you know I love some strip lashes my
bathroom is full of eyelashes it don't
make no sense how often I buy these
alright so let's get into this actual
wig this is a glueless lace front wig
I'm Brazilian virgin hair okay girl
20 inches natural color which is pretty
much my actual hair color it's like a 1b
sort of it's not as dark as a 1b and
actually my real hair is not as dark as
a real one B but it's you know it's
somewhere 120 % cap density which is the
normal density for this way and medium
brown lace so that just wraps on the
back ear tab combs and that's about it
so this hair I know since I've been
doing kinky straight wigs and I will
have a more comprehensive follow up it's
lighter than the other wigs that I have
reviewed the hair is very soft it's very
easy breezy but it still looks very
natural like it could be my hair the wig
cap size is medium when I when I was
going back and forth with the premiere
lace I told them that I have a big head
I'm for a large size wig when I said
them the measurements for my head they
were like you know you're only you're
not that far off from a regular-sized
wig just take the regular size that the
wig runs small it is just that I have a
big head and so the weight isn't too
small that I can't wear it cuz clearly I
have it on my head now I've worn out the
house No
problem but I can't wear it back not
that I ever really wear my wigs back
because it's just like you know like
that much like that much more on each
side is all I would need but it's not
really that big of a problem it just
means that when I braid my hair down I
need to make sure that I braid my hair
down tightly you know if I had if you
have a big head like me or you have a
whole lot of hair obviously order a
larger size cap because this medium is
just like I'm like I'm fitting it kind
of sort of but not really
so what's simmering back this way from
me other ways that it is a lace fry so
it's actually weave tracks in the back I
don't I didn't know I mean it's not bad
they don't show it's not a problem like
I could turn around for you but I was
just like when you feel it I was like oh
this is different I mean it doesn't
bother I'm here anything it's not a
problem
the wig doesn't shed anymore than your
typical wig does but it was just like oh
I'm used to having a cat that's all the
hair is ventilated through the cat this
is not how the hair shift it ships
straight obviously kinky with any kinky
straight wig I've seen a lot of you guys
on Instagram you guys have tweeted me
pictures y'all all look great I love
girl kinky strike wig if you're going to
enter to the Wii game I can't like I
think the kinky straight wig it's like
the perfect entryway aside from the
actual kinky curly wigs that are my
biggest tip when you get a kick your
shrink wig is to flat iron the wig flat
iron it because they always come big and
fluffy and then once you flat iron it
and you're able to get the top to lay
flat and figure out where you went the
part it just looks a lot more natural
I've seen because I'm here with these
big ole kicking straight ways and I'm
like girl you telling all y'all secrets
because you just didn't take the time
and so roll the flat iron go through it
real quick so it could look more like
yours now this way the knots are not at
all bleached I did thin out the parting
line and then just added a bit of
concealer but I think you know oh I'm
feeling it like are you feeling it
because I'm feeling it it's awesome I
will have a coupon code down below in
the description box with the pricing
details and everything it is 20% off for
the wigs they do do a monthly giveaway
through premier lace they got a whole
lot going on girl I will have all day
social media linked down below in the
description box as always thank you for
that Sallie Mae payment I'm more than
happy and I actually like this wig I'm
going to dinner and Blanc which is like
the all-white bougie-ass party that they
do a multiple they do it in several
cities across the world so Houston's
finally coming hopefully there's some
men's there and I'm trying to decide
like how much like this is giving me
like Beyonce trying to do Mahalia
Jackson but should let let us he do it
T's like I'm giving like soo come to me
yes jesus loves me T's and I'm just I'm
feeling myself I'm feeling myself
