hey guys it's Josie and we're gonna act
like it's Thursday and not late on
Friday I'm so far behind girl but I did
not get a smart brown girl topping up
this week and I know you guys have been
waiting since I posted on Instagram that
I read Toni Morrison's latest book god
help the child late smart brown girl is
a book review for god help the child and
I'm wearing one of my favorite shirts
Song of Solomon I don't even know who
exactly sells this shirt but I got it at
Paragon which is a sports store off the
Union Square in New York like three four
years ago I passed her for a minute
but my favorite hands-down Toni Morrison
book is still from my favorite B Song of
Solomon this book overall is not
anywhere near top 5 picks of Toni
Morrison reads well before I read this I
did listen to the Toni Morrison
interview that she did with NPR you have
to remember that she is 84 years old she
is wheelchair-bound and this is her
first book where she writes her
characters in the 21st century for me
that was part of the disconnect in the
book god help the child touches on the
story of bride who is a very very dark
skinned but gorgeous woman who is the
child of two light-skinned parents her
mother sweetness is left by bride's
father after Bryan's birth because the
father being light-skinned and not
understanding how genetics and DNA
actually works felt that there was no
way that bride could be his child
because she just came out so dark skin
and then bride ends up getting into the
fashion business and having her own I
believe it was makeup line and becoming
very very successful and meeting a
friend who encourages her to just wear
all white because it strikes a nice
contrast against her dark skin and she
never wears any makeup because she just
has this beautiful skin it ends up
something that her mother was repulsed
by and therefore was a bad mother to her
over became like the ultimate symbol of
her beauty and adulthood it's like the
strongest motif of the book but I just
wish that I had more to say about it as
for Toni Morrison her typical writing
style this left me watching more it
not a bad book I think if you have not
read Toni Morrison previously or you've
had a hard time getting into a Toni
Morrison but her writing style to be
very layered very kind of motif heavy a
little airs a bit on the mystical kind
of like African Diaspora mystic side in
there and so you you may not have
understood her previous meetings I think
this is a very good entry book but for
those who are very familiar and very in
touch and endeared I think this fall
short because you just want more you
wouldn't know more about each person
actually encounters I think maybe
because it's set in twenty-first century
and that's with Toni Morrison being much
older that's not her stronghold of
understanding a kind of habitable work
because the cancer is still between
bride her lover Booker her friend her
white friend Brooklyn and even sweetness
it took me about mid book to realize
this was set in the 2000s because the
characters still come across a slightly
antiquated and old like there's a
patches in the book where sweetness
Kenna for rent because it went up by
fifty cents and I don't know at what
point past nineteen seventy anything was
rent only going up by fifty cents even
the Booker is like super old-school he
likes jazz he's a trumpet player he's an
artist he's kind of like this vagabond
and it's like it doesn't really make
sense in the context of how people live
in the 21st century
it just felt like these characters were
pulled out of like the 1930s and 1940s
to hold on to a style of writing
characters with a very old soul I did
find bride very interesting and in some
levels like you know I even related to
her on the in the little bit that I got
about her character and kind of how she
deals with heartbreak and how she kind
of has this like insular mindset of
putting herself down even when
everything around her is going out or
not being able to get out of the bag or
I'd be going through folks like every
other day Booker Brides lover who ends
up kind of in making her mad a little
bit like she's really in love with
Booker I don't I don't think bride
understood that she was in love with him
until he like up and leaves her but I
wanted to like you never in the book
really get a background under
a Booker it's very kind of a surface
level which is unusual compared to like
a Sulha or jazz or Song of Solomon Toni
Morrison will go through great lengths
to really kind of explain the history of
a character like previous generations
like what milkman in Song of Solomon you
know you really kind of get a full
understanding of like the family he
comes from entire childhood and how
that's led him down this pack of who
he's become and it plays into the bigger
motif of the meaning of names for black
Americans you know I had to draw a lot
of my own kind of understanding of you
know the complex the complexion issues
within the African Diaspora to come to
that conclusion I don't feel like Toni
Morrison really wrote it out in a
succinct way as she has done in her
previous books even with like Sula which
is another book of hers that touches on
the kind of light-skinned dark-skinned
complexities of things it was just a
much more poignant it matter in the book
and so overall I mean I I'm when I think
I've repeated myself five different ways
now that I just wanted more character
development I will have links down below
in the description box I have an updated
blog post probably I'll write it this
weekend doing a more thought-out I tend
to be better at writing these things out
but a written review on my blog post
Rosie calm so check back for that and so
for summer reading for the teenagers and
the young ladies out there I think this
actually would be a pretty good read the
true blue Toni Morrison's fangirl I mean
you support her because she's my brown
girl but alright let me know in the
comments down below
have you read god help the child what
did you think about the book who was
your favorite character obviously -
bride Doug different moment in the book
was when bride went back to that teacher
who got out of jail and tried to give
her money and got her ass kicked but
still it's just like I feel like even in
reading that like I was stringing
together so much the story on my own
accord I don't know let me know in the
comments down below as always thanks for
watching
shop smart brown girl calm and I will
see you next Thursday on time get my
life is June
do they
