hey guys let's duel thing and it's been
a minute I have finally gotten over this
ear infection I was feeling like oh
seven Foxy Brown like I could not hear
out of my right ear by time you guys see
this video I don't have it scheduled to
go up until closer to the end of May
I'll probably be two weeks out from
being over this ear infection but it's
been a minute since I've done a get
ready with and show you my everyday get
ready with me routine because I do
actually people are asking me to do what
my everyday makeup routine is it has
changed slightly I have incorporated
more pricier products into my routine
and for the rest of you to give two
shits about makeup y'all can hear me
talk anyway I have plenty to talk
about because I haven't been able to
talk about the past week because ear
infections lead to your jaw laughing I
am shooting with my vlogging camera
which is a Sony evident of the eight
five thousand the UM
screen is on top of the camera here so
sorry if I keep looking up I'm gonna try
and focus into the camera into the lens
but you know I am so damn sexy
you can't blame you for enjoying looking
at myself but girl because I just worked
out I'm on this p90x3 kick and I'm only
on day two because the ear infection
turns I can't work with them you also
can't fly with an ear infections so I'm
only on day two but I'm feeling like if
I could just watch the fat melt off of
me after working out I would be a lot
more prone to working out it wouldn't be
such a torturous experience anyhow first
up this is something new it is the laura
mercier things like this is a BB cream
is a light coverage it's not quite as
thick as a foundation as you can see I
don't really need a foundation
especially during the summertime when I
finally have been blessed by the Sun
thank you note she's suss hear my cries
when I play in the background
she heard my cry for melon and he
blessed me with a little bit not enough
but it's a little bit and so the Tanner
I get the less coverage I wit ended up
going to Sephora and picking this back
up it's not cheap it is like 40 dollars
a container but it lasts long I don't
know but the girl that does that did the
video on wearing red lipstick under your
eyes that
viral Topeka she's Birchbox I get to pay
son I don't know what you called because
I hated her to finally start that
YouTube channel and then I saw her I was
like she's like well you have issues as
a brown girl being on YouTube don't tell
that girl but I'm black you're Indian
you have straight hairs and a plus or a
baby here she will be more than fine and
lo and behold she got 8 million views
and hadn't turned her accents on yet and
I told her girl when you start doing
that video make sure your adsense is on
because they're gonna love you alright
so I think maybe like 2 million in she
finally turned of Adsense on I finally
found a la pro la girl Pro concealer I
found it in LA in the makeup district
it's the creamy beige shade but tip that
I'm on from Deepika I filed our snapchat
is that your blood Beauty blenders
actual 6 pin when you wet it my I'm slow
I did not know that the Beauty Blender
was supposed to expand once you wet it
and so I was just spritzing it or not
getting it wet enough you know it's wet
enough once it expands and you squeeze
it out and then that's what it's ready
to use
I didn't know this but shots the pika
she really put me on oh my eyebrows
currently are not on fleek but uh we
gonna get some on fleek now I'm gonna do
the same thing I do in every other video
it is definitely time for threading okay
so eyebrows done a little heavy on the
under eye concealer because it's that
time of the week to get ready
necessarily new products but I'm just
going back to things that I used before
and then stop using for whatever reason
cuz I didn't isolate you out the season
Paul this is the wrong color this is
bright forecast actually this is fine I
thought I'd picked up light boo so I
have this highlighter pen and right
forecast which is more of a pink and
then white boost which is the color that
I should be using it's a little bit more
yellow than it has a peach undertone but
this color looks really well on browner
skin tones
I have enough of a tan now then get away
with it but um I don't like the Ben Nye
banana powder I just use a lighter color
this is full don't try the ditch medium
this is probably too late for me now it
feels so good to say but it's what I
have keep using it actually should do
more of this actually and then I'm going
to set the rest of my face with medium
deep mineralized skinfinish from Mac
I've had this for like going on two
years now and this is like one of those
Mac products that has a hundred and
twenty percent worth I don't know that
there's any other powder that is as good
for the price as Mac this I've seen yes
in LA and I love this one file a brush I
got it girl
where I've been on my leg Mac burnt just
take you any brown blush put it in a
crease hmm you know this water upload it
today I showed you guys me going through
tinder I've since deleted tinder because
I realized that I emotionally just I'm
not ready not ready for tinder because
- wrong for this look I want a real
relationship doesn't mean not going to
find it on cinder and you can't have
casual sex and you soon grownups
yeah I passed the point of needing to do
that anyway so I'm not even mad at it
but I had to go delete my tender because
I met a guy on tinder and I actually
liked them and then I realized like what
am I gonna do it I met you off of tinder
like this just ruined everything
cuz I'm a Java tender so this is my ex
ignite passion the illuminating bronzer
I use it as my blush because I'm really
into like a peachy Brown looks well now
my NARS so instead of albatross I got
Miss Liberty
I have Alba talks but my eyes dropped
albatross and haven't busted out the
whatever it is you mix it with to put it
back
again I also picked this up in LA and I
really really like this color I just rub
it on my eyes just to you know give an
effortless look and rub it a top you
know again this is one of the things
that I don't have to do I don't know
that it actually changes anything I'm
just like doing it I also like to put it
on my Cupid's bow real big update some
eye makeup I use in glides gel liner in
77 they sell it at certain Macy's Macy's
here in Houston is always sold out of
this I got this at the Macy's um in LA
off the sunset girl this cat eye gives
me all my life mirrors over here so I'm
gonna try this now this eyeliner is so
thick and creamy that it is really easy
to mess up you even see that so you
really have to take small strokes you
know not coming to ten when I'm wearing
thick liner it's not because I intended
it for to be thick it's because I messed
up and I just draw it on thicker because
this eyeliner looks so bomb he doesn't
matter even if you mess up and end up
covering your whole eye and eyeliner
it's still gonna look good it just is
they say not to pull the eye on but look
you got to do what you gotta do okay so
what I do is I wing it out a little bit
at the top pull it out and then without
pulling my eye too much just a little
bit I draw the end line to the tip of
that and then I just fill it in the
eyeliner is what we had me feeling
myself I got the brush that goes within
Glatt this brush is like the best
eyeliner brush
it was $10 a girl but I love it my Els
really when you got big lips you cannot
it's like beyond them before they even
get a she you just want to make sure
that moisturize to fill in the cracks
now going to take and YX lip pencil and
pinky and he'll my entire listen take my
Mac magenta and gonna use it line the
lid but I like filling my lips a with
lip liner first because it helps the
lipstick to stay on longer ah I don't
even know that's true but I thought we
tell them that sup anytime you see me
wear a bright bright pink typically it
is this the addis ababa NYX soft matte
lip eyelashes on because I think my gosh
line but um but I'm gonna do a video
with my natural hair out and I realized
that you know it's all about image and
so often when I wear my wear how real
when I wear shit-fuck mothers when I
wear my real hair out I don't put on as
much makeup or whatever so I'm like you
know I'm going to go all out and of
course I picked up the biggest gaudiest
lashes I didn't mean to pick up these
big gaudy ones these are 6:05 red
cherries and I'm gonna top off my lip
with rose hip number 14 from Milani just
putting that in the center to really
pump up my lip color I don't know why
just don't ever wear this by itself but
I always layer it on top of another pink
because just this on top of any other
pink looks awesome just by the way your
ring are really pale pink and you're
doing an I'm red or you just want a
really bright pink I absolutely love
this Milani let's take the hair out and
come right back
see you in a bit
okay so I have not seen my hair like
this one forever ever like this length
she's just like a this is a very mature
length for me I don't know I was just
like him not used to seeing myself like
this like I was having more hair on my
head or just hiding I don't know it
doesn't look bad at all but it's just my
hair was still wet but I was working out
and sweat so all the Denman brushing to
depend on my hair and get a sleeker look
is out the window it's mostly spread and
but I'm mad at this at all um it's just
real I have Myers never Maya has been
this length before she's in a very long
time I'm probably not gonna been wearing
my hair out much this summer anyway then
we doing a lot more protective styles
but I'm thinking this shaves it would be
real slick like if I shaved it just this
one side like right here that would be
real smooth I might go to the barber on
Thursday what a nice thing what do you
think of my hair like this are you
feeling it
do you like my lipstick I love it thanks
for watching as always I hope you
comment along I hope you go cop here
smart brown girl shirt support the
movement you're gonna be expanding into
some new area come this side myself
please stay tuned
Oh
