hey guys it's Judy I got a rest Ness on
my hair but girl I have been in my ate
from this pop star woman because I had a
really bad ear infection as I've been
saying I spent like oh seven Foxy Brown
I could not talk I could not hear and
it's time for another pop star we talk
about everything from the logo of the
hybrid as long as your eyebrows are on
fleek we are back at it get right into
this drank and here is my favorite
Moscato I am not even a Moscato drinker
like that because this really is a
dessert aperitif but my mama had the bar
two naira at her house and she was like
oh this is my husband's favorite Moscato
and I'm like let me try this
the brothers like Moscato and a girl it
was really good this bar too narrow
Moscato is all my legs and shout out to
h-e-b for having it for 998 y'all told
me that sprouts was cheaper by sprout we
haven't ever like $13 girl what kind of
Shea is that we cling cling cling cling
clang oh and before we sip I have to
give a very big thank you to glue games
for sponsoring me to compete in the Kim
Kardashian game competition I guess I
didn't lose all the way but I didn't win
I came in fourth place para Duke I did
win quite amazing to learn so much from
Kim Kardashian on how to make money so
effortlessly are interested in playing
the game I'll have a link down below
description box where you can download
it for yourself so let's give this this
week's dota subscribe it was damn good
but I would officially like to welcome
Barack Obama to Twitter he launched a
Twitter handle Pio tus powders with
stands for President of the United
States in case anybody didn't know um
it's just interesting though because he
does have the Twitter handle Barack
Obama though it is managed by another
office he occasionally does tweet out
from it not that often though I guess
the palace account apparently is when he
will officially be tweeting out from
only him for the duration of his
presidency based on his first day on
Twitter that Bill Clinton tweeted him
and said that's a flautist account come
with the White House asking for our
friends we smell interesting if and when
Hillary Clinton wins presidency 2016 how
Bill Clinton will deal with being the
first man of United's first gentlemen of
United States of America I was a hundred
twenty percent wrong in a recent tweet
that I sent out going the Billboard
Awards and saying that I do not find
Chris Brown's offspring to be adorable I
get it you shouldn't talk about know
nobody's child I do I was wrong when I
tweeted it I thought about it and I saw
it we today and I'll not say that the
child is royalty whatever the name is
I'm not saying that she's not cute I'm
not saying that she's ugly
adorable means to find somebody charming
or endearing there's nothing that like
draws me to her I'm just like okay baby
that's great I didn't like I mean shade
not shade I guess I was wrong whatever
but it's telling me that I'm wrong I
said it's meeting that oh you shouldn't
talk about a child like that um you know
Chris Frantz Chris Brown stands did come
for me and I'm just I was it was
hilarious to me at least I found it
quite amusing the shade that they were
trying to throw like somebody was like
but you look like this and took my
Twitter profile picture and which I look
very cute in and then her followers were
like but she's cute I mean I do look
like really with you know today two days
later was like oh let's just say well it
talks about losing friends and not
having enough subscribers basically
acknowledging that you've watched two of
my more popular youtube videos not just
one but two and then your comprehension
skills
when did you in the arena where you just
didn't get anything that I was talking
about in the videos same girl that makes
money off of you paying attention to
what she has to say
on your way out like you know I've
already have a bad view people who don't
particularly care for me but come back
and watch my videos like they keep track
of what I'm up to it what I'm doing and
so I was like you know be blessed I'm
gonna say I'm a girl thank you some
effing clickbait is Kenya Moore who was
set up on another Bravo reality show
Millionaire Matchmaker and claim as she
found the love of her life and was
Instagram and always put some of his
light-skinned bullheaded negro who turns
out has recently been married to this
girlfriend of four months now the story
don't make no kind of day only sense
that's why I'm like this is just like
somehow what a feed into like whatever
spin-off
use more clicks more whatever it's just
bait it's bait all around like Kenya is
messy and I think Kenya is taking on the
same kind of pretense that the
Kardashians take on and that they what
they've been very strategic in you know
denying denying denying something that
they were some controversy that they're
involved in and then after a while and
after everyone kind of like has argued
out amongst themselves kind of come back
in and covertly be acknowledged that
they were that they are they have fault
in the situation ie Kylie Jenner and her
lip injections with her finally
acknowledging of course on Keeping Up
with the Kardashians their reality show
that she has temporary lip injections
sure girl whatever I just admire - under
Kris Jenner who I did meet on the game
Chris shadow said she was waiting to
meet Jules a girl suck but you know at
this point it's like I can't even hate I
just think I you're my mate strategic
and shit and she's keepin y'all pocket
swelled lines you only got a care in the
world so what's my hate gonna do for
this situation nothing I just hope all
these other young girls can start with
this Kylie Jenner lip thing and realize
that she's a good ass plastic surgeon
that most of you will never be able to
Ford in your lifetime y'all and say
beyonce has been doing a whole lot this
past month I don't know she's going to
drop another surprise album she might
pop up pregnant I don't know what
Beyonce's prepping for but any time
Beyonce Beyonce Beyonce is in the news a
lot there's always you know she's
another very strategic person I think I
definitely respect the strategy that
Beyonce employs in using the media to
her benefit while also maintaining a
very very private life Sartre was
Beyonce at the Met Gala where she showed
up as like the last person to show up
may all the paparazzi wait and then um I
mean I don't dislike the dress like she
came in some new sparkly shit I mean if
you're Beyonce stand you got you got all
your life you loved it I love that you
loved it I love that she gave you life I
love that she gave you a pick me up and
made me so much better she brought all
the sunshine into your life but I just
feel like she's done in it's been done
and I'm already a person that didn't
disagree with the New York time piece I
was written like a year ago about how
Beyonce isn't really a fashion icon I
don't people took it as shade but I
don't I felt like the article made a
really good point that her brand is so
big she is Beyonce that it's not the
same as like a Rihanna wearing something
and you're so interested in the designer
and who made that outfit like when
Beyonce wears something it's not oh she
wore a Givenchy dress is that I say
Givenchy Givenchy
she won't say whatever girl it's know
Beyonce looked amazing in that dress not
that the designer made her look good
it's just Beyonce it's just beyond say
that she eclipses the things that she
wears and I think that's the same with
this it was just like I mean I think
what I really liked about it had nothing
to do with the actual dress I liked her
confidence
I liked her physique I like the way her
and jay-z interacted with each other I'd
the people with the ponytail girl I
guess but you know I like Beyonce I
didn't particularly care for the dress I
definitely appreciate hearing that
Beyonce and jay-z on the very low have
been posting bail for protesters in the
Freddie gay hope Baltimore riots thing
did I talk LastPass talk about Marilyn
Mosby slaying down with announcing the
charges presented against the six cops
in the Freddie gray case I mean even if
I did it's worth mentioning again
because she just did the damn thing is
just an amazing smart brown girl I am
cautiously still hopeful about what is
gonna happen in the outcome in this
Freddie gray case I hope there's finally
some peace of Jessa Michelle Obama at
Tuskegee girl Michelle Michelle darling
deal I am so honored to have you as a
First Lady of the United States of
America I feel like Michelle has just
kicked started on what her legacy is
going to do for black women amongst the
world what her legacy is going to mean
to smart brown girls all over I feel
like we're just seeing the inkling
beginnings of it in her past eight years
as the First Lady of the United States
I am just here for every bit of this
speech that she gave at Tuskegee it's a
ski graduation in a teddy key Tennessee
girl and I watched it I was like and
then I made the mistake of scroll down
to the comments now Michelle basically
gave a speech and she was very real
about the pushback the criticism the
shaming the demeaning that she has faced
not only as a wife of a student your
senator and then president of United
States will also as a career woman and
as a mother herself and you know as just
her being a black woman who was
successful in her own right and she gave
a very realistic kind of like look
you're gonna deal with this but we can
strive and push ahead and we could still
succeed regardless of how other people
perceive us and of course the top
comments showing up to me with some
black man in the comments talking about
why she had to be so negative there
should be a moment of laman uh just like
Shonda Rhimes kept it real last year
well she had Dartmouth or what are the
IDS when she gave her graduation speech
like keep it ain't nobody Shady
you know Steve Jobs when he gave his
graduation speech and told them to stay
foolish the carrot song University the
advisor this white lady I don't even
know her name so young man on Twitter
posted a video of him sitting in the
advisors office waiting to speak with an
advisor and this white lady was a young
black man why lady came out and
basically talking that he was harassing
her by sitting there waiting to speak
with an advisor straight BS Dre who is a
social media well really he's an
on-the-ground activist for civil rights
he goes all the protests he does great
things if you're not following him he's
a great person to follow on Twitter he
retweeted the young man's tweet and it
picked up speed and then you know some
news stories picked up about it I think
I clicked one and you know the top
comment was a young black girl from
Kennesaw is like why did I let me erase
it she was not a race issue and it's
like you know personally I don't feel
like that was particularly a race issue
either but I'm not mad at people who see
it through that lens nor do I feel like
it really benefits the conversation to
kind of go in and write three paragraphs
about why found a race
I feel like if we don't feel like races
applicable in the situation it doesn't
always have to be so explicitly said you
can just talk about what you actually
think the point of it is without having
to like pet the backs of people of white
people am I making sense uh mom I think
I stopped to like flush the side of my
mind but you know I think overall the
what you see in my video with the
advisor from Kennesaw it's a problem
overall in the universities here in the
States
I've never got a school elsewhere so I
don't know who operate in other
countries but especially when you get
into public universities universities
that do work with lower income students
HBCUs and I'm not saying that HBCUs
aren't good schools but girl I went to
Howard for a year I know the deal we're
trying to get through the a building it
can be very very difficult to reach
administration as a student and there
needs to be some accountability and
markers held so that students can get
the proper services regardless of their
race their social class their income or
what even the programs that they're in
and make sure that advisors are doing
their due diligence and doing what
they're paid to do back to Beyonce
because oh girl she is so damn great and
jay-z are really trying to get you to
sign up for this title ish I ain't
signed up for it but I did find a video
real quick when in the boucle that came
out but feeling myself that Nicki Minaj
song featuring Beyonce that is
everybody's favorite song because visit
myself I visit myself worlds that caveat
pretty on fleek pretty I mean it's my
shit isn't that young shit girl it
should be oh shit you know the filling
myself video launched exclusively via
title people are already bootlegging
thank y'all but it's so cute oh my gosh
I love the video so so so so so much it
is such an adorable video they
apparently started at Coachella it's
just like Beyonce's body is snatched I
ain't going on that 21 day vegan diet no
girl but I will eat a few let's piece of
the bacon and he a few left I'll eat a
little bit less chicken and I stay away
from the fried foods I can do that for
you girl but her body is just gold and
then
between her and Nikki is just so
adorable it's just a really really cute
and Lango and it's always nice to see be
honest I kind of laid-back and chill
I love Nicki Minaj's makeup I meant to
do my makeup like that today I mean
forget it
there's some white man's out here trying
to like claim some land in Sudan so his
daughter can officially be a princess
and he was sure he's trying to get
Disney to give him a deal to make a
movie of it or something dumb like I
don't even really want to read the story
because it's just like first of all this
man is trying to claim some shit in
fucking Sudan do you not do like Google
Sudan West Nile it means why sure who
the president
oh the president of South Sudan is
solvent here the pressure Omar al-bashir
first of all you try to roll up on Omar
al-bashir lien Omar Bashir don't even
like the people that currently live on
his land he'd be killing everybody white
man you can't go and recolonize Africa
you ate Chinese you don't have that
right I'd uh do you not read the news do
you not realize the genocide that's been
going on in Sudan like doc fur to get
like where you been oh it's not you done
you just dumb and like your white
privilege superseded your ability to hit
up Google and read the news
Pasi my girl I so many questions that
don't even deserve means that I laugh
cuz he's just dumb less sir lighter
topics to close out TV has been Devine
these past two weeks I am so over the
Olivia and Fitz storyline like girl
let it die die my favorite show up late
American crime girl tell me why I didn't
realize that apparently American crime
was only gonna each season take one
crime and that was gonna be the story
because I was like I was blown that but
it was so human it was so realistic to
like really how the criminal justice
system in America works how we ourselves
deal with conflict how we ourselves get
in our own way Felicity Huffman played
the shit out of that white woman I ain't
never liked the race white woman as much
as I like her character like if you
not watch American crime I see it
actually I feel like it's a really good
showing for teenagers cause the
teenagers in it we're so damn eggs these
would smack some sense it didn't I think
it gives a really good showing of how we
dig our own holes and get ourselves some
more trouble by just not thinking or
like being so caught up in the immediacy
of our emotion it was just like oh how
they played the when Audrey committed
suicide that whole dream sequence like
it was just this was just so what Game
of Thrones is still on this season and I
am a hundred and twenty percent of fair
know this last episode yeah they
definitely divert it from the books in
this season where they have Sansa Mary
Ramsey and the closing scene where he
has Theon Greyjoy and if I don't yada
watch this girl I'm sorry but yeah I see
I'll watch him consummate the marriage
with Sansa basically raping her was just
it was gruesome and I do have a few
issues with Game of Thrones like the
lack of people of color in the show I
mean there are definitely black actors
and milla nated Milla knighted whatever
actors on the show but they're all
basically like slaves or bodyguards
there was one guy who was like part of
the house of something but it's all very
stereotypical roles for people of color
and so and then they definitely have a
rape problem like the rates are really
gruesome and they're not I mean in the
books from what I understand from other
people who ever read the books the books
are pretty graphic with iron stories
really everybody like everybody had dies
a horrible dad gets assaulted and some
like wild ways I mean for all that the
purpose is being by his dick cut off and
like they definitely talked about it in
the show so I don't I don't know I'm
kind of on the fence like is there some
overzealous violence against women the
Padilla's show or is violence overall
just kind of equally this part equally
spread against all all characters and
I mean the show itself is just very very
violent and gruesome but I do like some
of the larger themes that it touches on
as far as like power leadership nepotism
you know strategic being a critical
thinker being selfish like all these
kind of things that we deal with on a
day to day basis I feel like I
definitely touched on a game of Thrones
that's why I'll enjoy it but that
closing scene with Sansa was just oh
girl I wasn't ready he show you the
inside of y'all love you long time
what were you drinking this week this
Moscato is so mmm shop smart brow girl
Oh
