hi hey guys it's josie and i have no
clue how i ended up here but somewhere
out there in LA probably there was some
meaning where someone was like we really
love module design with smart brown girl
let's spawn ahead and do a competition
with the Kim Kardashian game and then I
agreed to do a competition on the Kim
Kardashian app now this might have been
perfect timing because if you happen to
notice I can't open my mouth right now
because I have an ear infection
colloquially known as swimmers ear even
though my yellow behind amen and nobody
pole in a clean two years somehow my
also non-insurance having so got an ear
infection and I can't open my mouth and
participating Kim Kardashian game
contest but I could win by becoming an
a-lister and/or by getting an insane
number of fans on this app now I don't
know if I'm in the winning positions
because I'm up against I'm very popular
folk and I'm gonna be tweeting and
compete in it with PewDiePie
missjessicaharlow hurry to do chi over a
17 super meri faced in ldshadowlady i'm
gonna lose so bad on this however i've
been playing a game already so i can
prep myself and i must say it is
mindlessly Enchantix you really do you
basically do like photo shoots and
and like you live life easy breezy like
Kim Kardashian oh look I got a present
your daily gifts flux is open Oh 15
energy points that means I get to waste
time playing this game for like another
hour to let me show you my character
Here I am can you see me she is cute I
guess I made myself brown skin because
in my mind I'm brownskin she got the
curler the curly fro and we have a nice
class an outfit with some jewelry and I
watch
she is on 100 I ain't pay fees
expensive-ass shoes though so she rockin
the one pair of free high heels you can
get oh I can take a photo of it and save
it to my phone no I'm not going to share
it right now alright so here's the tea
I'm gonna be tweeting along my
competition it starts may eight in the
competition ends through May fourteenth
you can download the app the link will
be down below in the description box but
between updates every day so you can
follow me absolutely to see how I'm
currently an a-lister and I can't seem
to figure out how to retain you Thea to
stay losing them if you have played the
Kim Kardashian game please leave a
comment down below and let me know some
tips just this is like a whole new world
when I could pay sallie mae just by
charming book why ain't ever nobody put
me on so sweet oh all right all the
details to be down below description box
follow me on Twitter do this uh-huh
