hey guys it is jewel Z and in a smart
brown bow Thursday where we talk about
important topics that impact women of
color as many of you know I published a
book call sign it on it's a collection
of short stories if that follows the
evolution of faith love vulnerability
and freedom as a young girl takes on
becoming a woman now I am taking me
forever to reread my own book
I'm fixing someone like the typos and
stuff in the book self-publishing is a
bitch but mostly because I am not really
good with emotions and this book is so
dazzling emotional then I'm reading this
ish and remembering where I was when I
wrote it and it's like no this is deep
now one of the chapters in the book is
called perpendicularity
contradictions but if it's also posted
on my blog doozy calm inspired by my own
encounter with being raped um I realized
in rereading this and then randomly
thinking about something else it's like
even saying it it's just a hollow word
to be such a hollow term that I was like
oh shit you know it's been however many
years since it happened I can't really
articulate the kind of struggle with
feeling like a victim because of your
own body being used against you that and
the complexities of that that this
definitely is a table that I talk about
with my brown girl because I know I am
not the only one that goes through this
to talk about it without fearing some
sort of repercussion from the community
because unfortunately so often as it is
when it comes to situations with black
women people find it so easy to find
faults in our own actions in things that
wrongly happen to us black lives matter
campaign is happening there's no better
time than now to talk about how the
bodies of black women matter as well and
how this is an arena where if we can
fight for our other male black males or
whoever is assaulted by the cops and no
matter what it wasn't they were doing
previously how they have the right to
still live and they have the right to be
respected as a human being that we have
the right to be respected for our bodies
regardless of what we were doing prior
to being forcefully sexually assaulted
now for me if you
but my situation happened in my house
with somebody I knew as a matter of fact
my homeboy has said to me the other day
be careful of do because anyone who
gives freely without reason takes freely
without giving you any reason and
literally this happen the next day
immediately after everything happened
like I just didn't want to talk about it
I did not press charges I just didn't I
didn't want to do anything with it
because I felt like part of it was my
fault you know um what happened was we
was like Mayweather fight or something
so everyone came to my house
I made that strawberry daiquiris for
everyone and I put this the abuelo
ruminant it was wrong that I had never
tried before and I you know I was
heavy-handed with the daiquiris and
everybody has something now I remember
making Diaries for everyone and then
going to the bathroom and then coming
back and I didn't even finish my whole
drink I think I drank like 3/4 of it and
we're sitting out on the couch just
shooting the breeze
talking with your friends and I stood up
and I realized oh shit like I am really
drunk I'm not a person who easily gets
you drunk
um you know not to be pejorative but gag
reflexes check but the point when I feel
like I have to throw up and I can't hold
it in something is bad like it's all bad
everything and so I caught myself I
remember I had eaten an ice cream cone
with rainbow sprinkles on it because
literally I threw up the entire ice
cream cone with rainbow sprinkles
rainbow sprinkles on it I member being
like yo abuelo Rome is dumb strong going
back downstairs I mean like I'm not
gonna drink anymore and I don't even
remember how much time lasts because
literally everything at that point too
started moving in like super slow motion
like I wish its woozy as fuck I was if I
right I'm gonna leave them cuz I'm
hashtag I'm like I'm I'm I'm toasted and
my homeboys used to live with me in that
apartment so and they usually stayed up
the night over so I was like whatever
they're gonna end up back in my house
they have they know how to lock
everything up it's fine they're outside
with everyone I'm gonna go back there so
I went back to step one up back upstairs
to my room
erricka standing in my room he's fit in
my room but I remember waking up being
like why are you standing here I don't
know what he said I walked him back
downstairs the two flights of stairs
outside to the porch and like I pushed
him towards the porch I didn't go all
the way out to the porch with him but I
just pushed him out everyone was talking
I closed the house door but I didn't
leave it lock my homeboys were outside
and I walked back upstairs and I threw
up again this time I was like F and I'm
not brushing my teeth because if I throw
up a third time it's just like this is
just bad thing I don't know what's in
this room that I am that drunk and so I
went to sleep and then I woke up and he
was on top of me now I know this is
crazy the way I explained it because
like I literally have no emotional
attachment in like reiterating what
happened to me and how this all went
down because I just it's just one of
those things were like I really don't
like the feeling of being a victim in
this context like you don't have like
it's like if you ever haven't had your
house broken into right you know it's
like this level of violation like
feeling like something that was innately
yours you can no longer belongs to you
like someone has just kind of entered
into your space with out any kind of
respect or awareness of your ownership
of that space taken of it what they
wanted to and so when that happens to
your body it's just such a deeper much
more complex and complicated feeling the
battle that I went through it myself
after was that I just did not want to be
a victim and this was forcefully pushing
me into my most vulnerable space and I
didn't want to deal with it for a lot of
women this is why rape so often goes
unreported it took me a couple years
even one realize I was raised to realize
that I was drugged my immediate reaction
I was trained to think about what I had
done to put myself in a situation
because when I woke up and I came to and
I realized what was going on my first
thought was like he like put his mouth
to mine and like try to and I'm like my
night like waking up thought was like I
just threw up who is putting their mouth
to mines like this is
I think disgusting and then I'm like you
know you're the rest of your body is
waking up and you realize what's going
on la I couldn't move my mouth to say no
like I words couldn't escape me in the
moment so I don't I have no frame of
reference of how long shit went on but I
finally like got up and stopped it but
it's just like you're your own body in
that like moment is you know doing
things that you don't approve of your
body doing and you don't you can't stop
it and he thought it was funny and I
didn't really have the social circle the
support of people to tell me how to like
deal with the situation like this you
know I you know unfortunately my
mother's gonna watch this videos I don't
want to show you her because I love my
mother she ain't get it I call my mama
and her first question was like what did
you do why are you always drinking so
much um but I think also I'm not very
good at like you know you imagine like I
talking mad monotone and ride my regular
like everything is just normal so I
don't expect her to get the weight or
the severity of what happened because I
am just not a person who is very
emotional about a lot of things the only
way that I realized I was drugged sister
of a friend of mine went missing and was
found wandering through Central Park and
they realized that she had been drugged
with the date-rape drug and I was like
that is so weird that she would like be
so out of it or in cognizant and then
like that weekend after I was with
actually the homegirl who I met her with
in Abu Dhabi
Brynna such a party was in some part in
Harlem drinking maybe doing some other
things and they had the abuelo Rob and I
had stayed away from this room for so
long because of that situation and and
then you don't that mean wait
Rumph isn't even that strong I'm a avid
rum drinker of every other kind of room
including Ray's nephews and I'm fine let
me drink this room and see what happens
- I might have puff puff pass on top of
it - and I was fine and that's when I
realized oh shit I was drugged because I
had left my drink on the counter I put a
napkin over it and he was standing in
the kitchen I had an open kitchen island
while all my friends sat on the couch
and we're talking to each other and so
it was real easy time to slip something
into the Train and I just didn't think
that in my own home with people who I
definitely trust it maybe not him but I
had my homeboys there like why would you
even try to do something in front of
them the problem was that because he
drugged me and because I wasn't
cognizant of what was happening to me
and I was so woozy when I woke up my
homeboys were still in the house I just
didn't think to say anything about what
had happened because I really just
didn't know I didn't understand has
anyone as any person who is sexually
assaulted and has their body used
against them and manners in which they
cannot control their own body don't beat
yourself up don't spend any time putting
the blame on yourself don't allow other
people to enter into your space and
blame you for an assault that should
have never happened it doesn't matter
what you're wearing what you're drinking
what you're doing prior nobody should
use your body against you you are a
human being who deserves basic respect
this is a matter of basic civil rights
don't try to hide how you were made a
victim you know I feel like in being a
victim I can still be strong it's just
like damn I don't live a life where I
ever expected that I would just be
another statistic and that might be some
elitist bullshit but it is what it is
for me and I had a really hard time kind
of mentally putting myself in a space
where that was real and it was something
that I could talk about manner that
actually mattered and so you know I
don't have any solutions I don't have
any answers the real answer should be
that no one male or female should ever
be raped in their lifetime no one should
ever be sexually assaulted but
unfortunately I can't control all the
human beings of the world but I just
don't want us to bottle it in or push it
into a space that it further challenges
us in life and causes us more problems
because we did not put ourselves in
those roles want us to all be cognizant
of our rights to control our home
a smart brown girls and guys comment
down below let me know what your
thoughts experiences if you have any
solutions what would you recommend to
someone who has experienced something
similar do you know of any organizations
in your community that offer support to
the victims of rape
please Felson down below and as always
thumbs up the video so we can share it
on social media and everyone can see how
important this topic it's discussed and
subscribe if you already haven't
smart brown girl Thursday's are brought
to you by shop that's smart brown girl
calm duce a lot of kind of
misinformation propagated by pop culture
ideals whether it is no new friends or
the fallacy of ride-or-die
I ate one for the riding and I am part
I'm a rider survive friend we will
always find a way out of this kid
