is he waiting or something is you here
for a reason
clink clink clink clink Clank girl bitch
whatever whatta fuck you mean I'm in
here
home but we're at the spa smart girl
it's like a full moon happen in the
where I went boom included my personal
life so I've been trying to get it
together this week I am sipping on a
morula no I did not actually Bryce in
South Africa it is a South African the
core had a dinner party and somebody
brought this because milky beverage is
at a dinner party a good idea not don't
ever do that girl unless you hang and I
wasn't Jamaicans who like to drink
Bailey's do not bring I'm a ruler to a
party
no not in America's boo boo before we
get into this some back before we get
into this of course I got a shout out
the smart brown girl shirt you need to
go buy you one and with that full moon
girl let me tell you I don't know why
god I said pick up the phone and call me
but this past weekend when I was in
Atlanta for the kinky hair unlock the
net which was at big setting up my
presentation my laptop fell off the
counter like I don't even know what a
win came through the building or
something because it was sitting on the
counter for 30 minutes fine nobody
walked past it nobody was anywhere near
it all I was a big loud boom and I
turned around and it was my laptop the
same laptop whose hard drive crashed on
my when I was on my flight on my way to
South Africa and I just paid however
much money Apple charges you to replace
the hard drive now the entire screen is
smashed then I spent this morning on the
phone with IRS because in filing my
taxes for 2015 it turns out that um
apparently this YouTube thing but when I
first started I was missing some YouTube
income that I did not reply and I owe
them a couple thousand dollars that I
owe has so got her phone number be in
description box go you
one give me a car go ahead BAE I'm
always here for you just call me cuz I'm
past the point where like fundraising is
appropriate
send it on or buy you a shirt smart
brown girl I put out quality products
okay in other news up ultimate Charlie
in my life into a level of higher
productivity so I could have more
reading time because Tony Morrison just
dropped the book and girl yes God help
the child I got my copy I'm super
excited to meet it yes I know that I
want a smart brown girl but club that
shit takes time
I am taking my time trying to figure out
how to do it I am one human being with a
whole lot going on so my my shirt my my
book house we do more have it linked
down below we can copy this book too I'm
so excited to read this her interview on
NPR was awesomesauce amazeballs this
past month April has been like pops
night free because it like what's there
not a full moon at the beginning of the
month I believe there was I did have a
call with Sam the astrologer he
definitely told me to get my shit
together because the world was gonna
come crumbling down around me and he
might have been right cuz it is um but
it's like every time I thought to sit
down to do a pop snark you know
something else was happening Merce week
was Walter Scott than Eric Harris then
Freddie gray then Rekia Boyd verdict and
now the Freddie day and Baltimore again
and it's like how do you sincerely
approach this conversation and really
make it count
and like productive I'm not really a
person that can quote shit off the top
of my head so I don't have some like all
inspiring James Baldwin I don't have
some profound like C shoes poem to like
spit back at you literally you could be
James Baldwin nobody knows my name or
the fire next time and get all your life
about what the fuck is going on and in
America's right now because this shit is
just history repeating itself all over
again in somehow there's a baby full of
not just white folk who have on rows two
colored glasses they seem to think that
there's a simple solution to what's
going on and then of course somebody one
of y'all cousins is out here cosine a
nation shouldn't even let look this
black man in this level nobody agree
with me so I have a
right cuz they'll agree with me I just
wanted to like collect myself to figure
out how to address this and I still I
don't have anything for you to be quiet
phrase is why I haven't having a blog
post on it because I'm just kind of
sitting here like damn
obviously there's like a program going
on right now a black of black Americans
and as much as people want to make sure
that as much people want to proclaim
that this narrative is black men are
being executed in America it's a black
folk thing it's not gender specific here
black woman's are being killed as well
we just not talked about in the press is
not as intriguing of a story because it
was a black woman she's always at fault
she always did something to bring it on
and black men will cosign of shape with
the quickness so I just remind you guys
it's not just about black men this is a
store this is a issue of civil rights
and black folk in America please let
this tackle the most topical issue
that's happening currently as of today
with Baltimore you can't sell me any
sort of story that says a man with his
tail lights out deserves to be shot by
the police if I don't know how many
times you can bring up the Colorado
massacres you can't tell me that the
dude that bones the Boston Marathon's
you can't tell me that these white
people or non black folk any given
hockey game like come on there is so
many obvious parallels and it's
dumbfounding to me the amount of people
that don't understand the severity of
what's happening and include in my own
who want to sit here and act like what's
going on in Baltimore with the riots or
what happened in Ferguson with their you
know upheaval is some sort of
respectability politics that will
resolve all this you know especially
with Baltimore like I know people would
have crack the wire jokes David Simon
did the damn thing with the wire and if
you watch season what was it four and
five at least of the wire like it was
pretty spot-on with the complexities of
the problems in Baltimore specifically
West Baltimore and before I move to DC
I'm dead-ass with five blocks I stayed
five blocks from way
the riots are happening in Baltimore and
you know most of the houses are empty
there's not a lot of resources in the
neighborhood who have a lack of
resources whether its intellectual
whether its monetary whether its jobs or
career resources to allow you to express
yourself in the way that you want to be
expressed and allowing you to pursue
your dreams and come up from where you
are what else what other end game do you
expect other than what's happening in
Baltimore or what happened in Ferguson
when not only are these people put down
and downtrodden but then you go in and
for absolutely no reason like Freddie
gray like the watch the video there's no
reason he looked at the cops and ran
like you had no license to arrest him
legally like it just it's there's no
explanation there is no legitimate
reason there is a severe problem in the
United States of America respect of
black people in this country how it has
very little to do with how well finding
one's pants are how articulate they are
or what they actually do for a living
and everything to do with the sweeping
over of the race discussion of thinking
that we're post race and so we no longer
have to talk or even respect race in
this country it's the ongoing corruption
that has existed in Baltimore politics
the overt gentrification of Baltimore
how we are not the only country going
foods as we have seen with the
xenophobia attacks in South Africa we
will get to that later because that is
another separate beast when a mandala
Steinberg who played my favorite
character in The Hunger Games Roux what
was it does this room actually the
history project last November and it was
about cultural appropriation of the
black American culture and in very very
very simple terms she broke down the
problems and the complexities of
cultural appropriation and
our ending statement was what if we
respected black people as much as we
loved their culture and white folk still
and get it y'all I'm reading BuzzFeed
comments all the time because I think
they represent the most diverse
representation of people and on even on
the international level kind of 14 to 25
on is the core of media consumers these
days and it is overwhelmingly
disheartening to see people that will
miss the entire message simply because
you said black people and white people
and then all of a sudden it's you're
being racist you're putting the race
card and nothing would let you said no
matter what you said matters it was
crazy to me as somebody in the comments
on BuzzFeed broke it down in the
baseball analogy and all of a sudden all
the white people got it
like oh my gosh you make so much sense
now like when baseball matters more than
a black person and their rights their
life and their right to be respected as
a human being it's just it's
mind-boggling we definitely have to
educate ourselves on the politics of the
United States of America a lot of what
is happening with the police force is
not up to Obama to change you know
federal law can be passed to influence
the overall handling of police
throughout the states throughout the
United States but the states have the
ultimate control and a lot of these
positions that are doing and saying the
wrong thing our elected positions in
your local government and we can turnout
for the presidential vote but if you're
not turning up in your Google Nereo
you're low key you'll cap your local
your County or your district votes a lot
of things are not going to change in
your day to day life
Hillary Clinton hired Maya Harris to
help her strategize with how to really
hone in on the women of color vote
you're a very strong voice I want on my
spread Brown girls to really exercise
their rights as citizens of the United
States of America and if you want an
impact change a great way to do it is on
a local community level your first thing
to do is start with your vote the next
thing to do is to volunteer and get
involved in your community and the road
only leads up from
there you have black folks of cultural
procreation Mindy Kaling's brother I
don't even have the time look up this
Indian boys name
Sri Lankan South Pacific Asian Southeast
Asian and that guy his name was Jay full
of shit Jay Mindy Kaling's brother is
trolling us epically with this whole
story applying to medical school and
only getting in because he crawfish
eyelashes shave his head change name to
J and apply as a black african-american
student now this before I'm not even
going to entertain the dumbness of this
because he's trying to dispel what why
there's a need for affirmative action
clearly clearly affirmative action in
the education system is still very much
so needed however have you have any
insight I don't even know why this story
made headlines because have any of you
ever applied to college like do you not
know how rigorous the process is to make
sure that you are not lying about your
identity that you are not claiming
somebody else Social Security number
like they pull up all your records it's
good to show up on your undergraduate
records on your transcripts the unsealed
transcripts get to send in the ones that
you are not allowed to open and tamper
with that you are Indian so your story
has no weight second of all you didn't
apply to schools right you there's no
control test to see if there really is a
difference between you applying as an
Indian versus you applying as an
african-american you didn't have the
time to do your proper research and due
diligence we don't have time to be
bothered the BS has Mindy Kaling's and
everything about this girl I really I
heard either but I just want to say I
really appreciate how the nose Carter
family can keep a secret
keep it low girl because you don't be
fight about nothing until it happened
like after the fact but Tina Knowles
slayed down girl Josh I loved every bit
of her all-white wedding party on the
boat it was cute it was simple and it
was classy
ain't nothing better than finding love
for a second time at 60 I love the
blended family pictures which is
straight shade to Matthew Knowles
because there's no blended family
pictures of him and all his offspring
would be honest and Solange Oh Eric they
said boy I wish I could have your job
where I get to be petty as fuck and pay
for right and take down articles of an
old friend who I feel like has shade
this shot of me
boo-boo we get it I don't disagree with
Michael Eric Dyson with the what he has
to say about corn OS the man is loony
Bin's and he likes straight wax poetics
but he broke down the difference between
giving a speech and actually translating
what you have to say into prose it was
just mmm
and I got all my SAT word life because
it definitely took me a clean two and a
half hours to read the article because I
was sitting there looking up all the
words big ass archaic words that Michael
Eric Dyson used but bra bra 10,000 words
he could have backed through that shit
in three paragraphs he really could he
could have got through that entire
everything to say effectively with his
point in 3,000 words or less but he went
for the petty jugular like he just went
hey my man ain't no prize fix the
problem though is not that I disagree
with Michael Eric Dyson but I feel like
he gives a platform to his critics and
therefore Cornel West and coming back
and being like bro you spent too much
time on me move the fuck on it back but
I mean I and I enjoyed it and the
illustration of Cornel West on the hello
barn wrote it it was a beautiful artwork
on the article too if you want to flex
on the vocab you should at least skim
the article and read like the first five
paragraphs and get your life we have
talked about rocks with melania look the
reunion came on part one I watched it
and basically what I have to say is Nene
and her mind ain't never wrong which
always is the problem she need to get
over herself kids he is a horrible
debater but work hard y'all she needs a
little bit more vernacular and just a
little less like easily frustrated I
guess I guess this is why she never
approaches her mother they don't really
know how to strategically attack an
argument we're a place for her Fame
Phaedra is still alive girl I feel sorry
for what you got going on with show kids
and your baby they being in jail but boo
it's just still dumb as doorknobs and
her overdone it
are we really falling for the outfits in
the weave like I got really feeling it
like does that really make endear you to
her like I'm not me and they're all so
horrible friends nobody has time for
that it's wack bye
I think what's happening in South Africa
was very similar to what's happening in
America apartheid this ended 21 years
ago shy of 21 years of freedom the
freedom anniversary happened like last
week and from my history have been in
South Africa like they really feel like
I don't know maybe I had the tourist
experience because Johannesburg acts
like they apartheid ended they put
everything in museum everybody got over
it but the problem is a lot of the
people who went through the Soweto
uprisings and you went through a part
ton and went through fighting against
apartheid and therefore weren't in
school or weren't working or all these
things happen to them in order for the
fight again
and support tide leading to the end of
apartheid still have not ripped the
benefits of the shore freedom light and
it's mentally frustrated for a lot of
them the townships out there bruh I only
went to one I only went to clip town but
I was like oh whoa like this is a lot
and now you have an influx of the
bordering countries basically South
Africa is the United States of Africa
however you know the wealth still sits
with the whites
and I mean Tennessee did a lot for y'all
I believe it but it's time for y'all
like real talk South Africa y'all gotta
like yep gotta let go Joseph zoom I
ain't doing shit for y'all right now one
takeaway from going to South Africa was
it's really a shame that we can as a as
members of the African Diaspora because
black Americans are definitely included
in this that we as a people cannot
overcome our ethnocentrism our tribalism
our thinking that we're that different
or we're that better or we're this or
that over one another and kind of
unified because Africa really
could be a powerhouse and we don't see
it the Chinese see because they've been
to recolonize all that Africa that they
can get their hands on privatization
through colonization but you know same
shit different day it's so upsetting to
see how much destruction happen through
colonization and the lingering effects
of it and I think what you're seeing in
South Africa is you're only 20 years out
from freedom like it's going to bubble
over and it's going to bubble over and a
much bigger way than what we're seeing
currently right now and I mean it really
should bubble over it towards the white
folks I don't see a whole lot of good
shit happening with them gold mines
reopening up because I feel like more
problems so South Africans are so
positive the ones that you meet when
you're on the red bus tour so outwardly
positive that I feel like they stifle a
lot of their anger and it doesn't it
doesn't boil over at like even in
America even that we're going through
like this heavy riots you know as I said
on my smart brown girl meetup we are
cynics naturally and we feel like we
have the right to fight about everything
and I didn't meet a whole lot of South
Africans who are willing to complain or
point fingers the anger and the
frustration just takes a lot longer to
boil over but it boils over at a much
higher point than it does here and so I
feel like it's going to be even more
extreme in the coming years but again
it's a problem I also did not meet a
whole lot of young folk who were that
involved or that concern with the
political spectrum it almost feels like
the ANC is the leadership and that's of
your parents era and you kind of just
vote them in because they are the ANC
and Nelson Mandela was answer you can
look at other African countries and see
that that has not worked like voting I
mean it ain't worked for Kenya and I
mean I'm fan of Jomo Kenyatta but it
ain't work for the DRC is it working for
your Niger cousins my people my people
of the African Diaspora I want us to be
more involved in our communities overall
and more involved in the political
landscape of our countries respectively
even if you're in Europe even if you're
everywhere in Africa
even if you
I'm and I on the West Indies drinking
your startup all right I see you Haiti
what's going on with your president okay
let's let's get involved here guys and
let's start more conversations amongst
our friends it's cute to follow the
pretty girl with fashions on Instagram
but I'm pretty sure buying the newest
persons are aiming to change nobody life
so let's meet us my brother I'll do
better I saw I know there's a mad shit
that I had not talked about but guess
what I am going to put up a couple of
pops narcs this week because I owed you
I owe you so there will be a pop start
tomorrow Wednesday there will not be a
pop psych Thursday because that's my
smart brown girl day and I don't have a
very special topic inspired by my book
send it on that I will be talking about
and I'll put up a pop snark Friday and
hopefully I'll be able to get a new one
out this coming weekend so we can get
back on the road so you can sip along
with may cling cling cling cling clang
let me know what type of stuff I miss I
know Bruce Jenner I'm still watching the
interview comment down below there's
some people let me to talk about in this
week's pots night and as always as
always click ad on your way out I got
extra needed this time cuz IRS just came
through into the
