hey guys is Julie and I am back from
South Africa well I've actually been
back for the past two day weeks I'm and
as you can see I have my hair braided
while I was in Johannesburg so much
video I am trying to work through it and
figure out what I'm gonna do with it
it's like oh my gosh
so much video but I've got my hair
braided because obviously you seen where
to get your hair braids in the South
Africa duh
so I'm gonna give you all the details on
my hair and yeah I got my hair braided
in the r and berg section of
Johannesburg Rhonda burg as they say by
three is in Bob way and women some Bob
citizens are awesome found them through
curries who help me host a meet and
greet that I had in Johannesburg that
Saturday Curry's asked her co-workers
who gave recommendations several people
recommend it Sadie
so I called Sadie the day of she's I'd
come through she wasn't actually there
when I got there so fortunate did the
primary work on my hair girl it only
took them three and a half hours to
braid my hair which is like amazing
purchase the hair here in Houston Texas
I have the Janet collection Caribbean
braids in purple ombré so the hair
actually comes I used all the hair and
then I went to the store to try and find
it and everyone was sold out well I
asked if you who had more in stock he
said yes so I bought this hair for it's
like eight dollars a pack at beauty
empire on Cullen and read if you're in
Houston
it is the Janet collection Caribbean
braid the hair is really really long and
so the hair is like dumb long we cut the
hair in half so since it's a purple
ombré when you cut the hair in half it
mixes the black into the brain and so
the purple comes out much deeper than it
would if I have braided the whole thing
down I soaked it in an apple cider
vinegar rinse to get the chemical off of
it so these braids have not etched I had
nothing pet in my head like this all the
time and then I conditioned it I paid
five hundred ran for my hair now I know
my South African oh nice
I think this is really expensive because
they typically pay around 300 to 400 ran
to get their hair braided
however the rand is 14 ran to one
American dollar I was on the all the way
come up and unlike in the states where
hair bright where hair braiders can make
a very viable and good living off of
braiding hair it's really not that easy
to make a living off of braiding hair in
I'm stuff out there South Africa and so
I'm not going to feed into depreciating
the value of these women simply to get a
good deal like I can afford to pay them
a little extra so in my head I already
had it set up no matter how much they
charge me that I was going to pay at
least five hundred ran for my hairstyle
and I think it's more than worth it I
personally don't find the prices that
are charged in the States to be overly
ridiculous I think I would pay around I
would be okay paying around 180 to 200
for this hairstyle here because of the
amount of work that it takes and
literally when these girls were twisting
down my hair like they twisted it down
halfway did the whole head and then come
back and finished it first of all
they're dumb quick I have done Havana
twisting my hair before took me all
night long and I did them much bigger
than this also you know I attempted to
twist down the rest because they stopped
Midway and I realized how jagged my
twists look as a matter of fact one of
them has already fallen out and I can't
figure out how they twisted these into
my head because I literally have to
retwist this one every day I could
probably slide it out right now but I
just twist the different effects of this
video I'm sorry I'm fitting to push it
out but if there's a clear difference
between how I twist my hair and how they
twist my hair now they did exactly what
I asked them to do I told them that I
wanted medium sized twists I didn't I
wanted the whole length of it to be
twist to not braid any part of it and I
wanted them to not do it too tight and
they did exactly that now mind you my
hair is still rather short on the sides
and back and they grabbed all my hair it
didn't hurt they didn't do it extra
tight it was just a really all-around
good experience I am posted on Facebook
about asking people for recommendations
on where to get my hair braided out in
Joburg a lot of people were like be
careful you know they'll snatch your
edges out this idea that just because
I'm getting my hair braids
by Africans or in or in Africa that
they're not going to care for my hair
and I'm gonna lose my edges because I'm
getting my hair but about Africans and
the thing is no they were very gentle
they did I it was clear that I knew how
to handle my hair and so I washed and
stretched my own hair before I got there
I've never letting the hair braider wash
my hair you simply stylist they are not
hair care providers they are not there
to care for your hair so I you know the
lazier you are the more you're gonna
harm your own hair you know what's
popular in South Africa is to braid the
front of your hairline really close you
can't see any parts and she said oh do
want me to do that for you it'll look
really pretty and I said no because when
I don't particularly like that style and
I've seen it and I saw it a lot in South
Africa but that is what's pulling your
edges Alice what's pushing your hair
line on the back is braiding the front
tighter and really close together so you
get see you can't see any parts I'm
absolutely positively in love I get a
ton of compliments on this hair and it's
crazy that's such a simple hairstyle can
get so many compliments I think
partially it is the colour and just how
nicely they twisted the hair girl I
can't never twist my hair as cleanly
like the twist is clean from root to sit
just to go over everything one more time
I got my hair done by Sadie in the Rambo
section of Johannesburg South Africa I
use six packs of jannat expression
purple ombré Caribbean braid hair I cut
every pack in half and so this is what I
ended up with SuperDuper long
boom-boom-boom love love the length if
you are looking for a hair to the one
down to yo but it's the perfect hair to
use but you would need at least 10 to 12
packs to achieve a similar look I paid
500 Rand willingly because I wanted to
help out my zum-zum sisters and 500 ran
and American dollars it's about 45
American dollars awesomesauce amazed one
hot brown girl shirts are available at
shocked that smart brown girl that come
I have the limited edition gold smart
brown girl shirt I don't know how long
will keep these up just to forewarn you
it is a gold matte foil we Cho
on purpose because the shinier ones tend
to don't do they do even worse in the
wash than these but these are not as
easy to wash as the the regular ones so
I'm saying if you get you a goal one hit
that hand wash don't put it in the
washing machine hit the hand wash inside
out girl cuz I made the mistake of
throwing this in the wash and yeah I
might have to press it back down again
okay my mistake should have known better
let me know as always thank you for
supporting hashtag smart girl
