hey guys is Judy and I am back in
Houston from South Africa and a ton of
video i was there so i will have loss
you can go and head over to my blog
channel the jewel live and catch up on
the blog's i've already posted about my
life here in texas and I will get some
South Africa vlogs up in the near future
I will no longer be 29 as of March 25th
9:55 a.m. Eastern Standard Time just
happy I did cancel my birthday brunch
for reasons it's ok none of you bought
tickets anyway so I do have a pillow box
if you would have said into something oh
but more importantly for my smart brown
girls not only have i released limited
edition gold smart brown girl shirts in
all sizes onesies through adults but I
want to do a community service endeavor
for my birthday
so I was in South Africa I did visit the
coton youth program and I donated
feminine products to the young girls
there so tomorrow's its 25th I haven't
mentioned a few other videos I know it's
kind of short notice
Saigo but March 28th Saturday I want all
my smart brown girls to just pick any
shelter any organization that helps the
homeless or women of domestic violence
you know and he should have programmed
that way aids with women in your
community just call them up ask them
what do they accept as donations get
your friends together your soul roars
your home girls your church members you
know cousins and donate some feminine
products if you only buy four packs of
pads that's fine
making a small effort and something that
we so often overlook so if you're in
Houston I would be donating to the star
Hope Foundation on the 28th I'll leave
all the details down below for what time
I plan on being there if you want to
come meet me and drop off products it's
a van so I thought I was just blessed
out with the sage wisdom have gained
over the past nine years of living in my
twenties well is it ten or nine depends
on who you talk to whatever
so you're the 20 thing that I have
learned in my twenty middle school
is a misnomer we never outgrow with his
deemed middle school behavior it will
always be petty obnoxious annoying
irritating selfish
swindle in people throughout your
lifetime there is no way to get around
that every relationship in life is
complex yes black women we hear so much
about relationships or significant other
is getting married being a wife that's
why I'm taking a very noted approach and
talking more about friendships and
vulnerability and work and career
because there are so many relationships
in our life that matter and they all are
complex being emotional isn't a bad
thing it's actually healthy allow
yourself to acknowledge how you actually
feel and don't feel bad about feeling
the way you feel because somebody else
needs as emotional no it's called having
a healthy emotional self say no to Sally
Mae this actually be the first one girl
cuz you are know how I feel - lady no
one but it's bitch Tommy man commitment
is essential not just in relationships I
can say the one thing and seeing my
peers come through to success
it's just that they stuck through it
it's not always a most smartest or a
talented person who makes it in whatever
career foot or endeavor
it's always been the person who is the
most strategic and the most committed to
what they are doing
and with that said slow and steady
really does win the race I don't know
anyone who has had an overnight success
even though it's often perceived when we
go back and we tell our stories or in
media or whatever that it was like an
overnight success like boom it happened
well boom it happened like that to you
because you didn't really know that
person when they were down at the bottom
trying to make their way to the top
worrying about others opinions is the
biggest waste of time being fueled by
negativity is just a big-ass lie people
just use it as a reason to be petty
seriously for all the I just want to
thank my haters my haters are what made
me get here that's just you you just
finding a reason to acknowledge that you
your haters like you want to snap back
like we all want to snap back at our
haters and we're always told to not snap
back bring it to pursuits in life
thinking that I'm gonna do this to prove
everyone wrong no because when you fail
and you're gonna fail when you make a
mistake and you're gonna make mistakes
it's gonna be a hundred times worse
because you were again are now worried
about what everyone else thinks about
you because you've you're fueled by
negativity I don't
things like hustle in and feel by
negativity oh no I am
somewhere given a Thank You speech trust
and believe ain't nowhere near in that
conversation am I going to think a
single hater nope i'ma handle y'all now
and I move the F on people who are
always positive are also typically
uncompromising I honestly believing in
allowing yourself to deal with your full
range of emotions might have that friend
who like when you're upset you will tell
them they like oh girl don't worry about
it for the series and they just it comes
across with somebody to me it come
across about their dismissive even
though that person just doesn't see
things that seriously but because they
don't see things that seriously when
they want to do things they're not gonna
see your opinion or your difference of
opinion as that serious friends don't
have to be all-encompassing to be good
friends so friends will serve different
purposes at different stages in your
life
I personally don't get caught up in the
best friend closest friend kind of
category or categorizing cuz it's just
girl everybody's having a different
purpose and it's about you understanding
what purpose you you want your friends
to serve in your life self-discipline is
hard to spot girl and that's why college
is supposed to be higher than high
school because y'all momma and daddy
ain't standing over your bed waking yo
ass up reminding you to get up and get
to the bus you're just as hard it's not
eating bacon or ice cream or not having
an extra glass of wine you know I have
no self-discipline when it comes to
eating out oh it's so hard girls the
general population is full of and
this is actually the social norm and it
took me all of my 20s to come this
understanding like seriously I'm the one
that's the outlier because I prefer to
talking like matter-of-fact honest terms
everyone else does full of in the
name of charm and persuasion and you
know I get it
I'll do it but I get it most people
don't move with any intention it's not
good or bad
there's just no intention be self-aware
is the best road to self confidence I
only do I Know Who I am but I am more
than okay with who I am and this is part
of being self aware if you are self
aware that you can work on things that
you want to change about yourself but no
one can hold that over your head and
turn because you're always you're
already working to do better having an
opinion that you can explain is very
polarizing and I
having a youtube channel there is no
point in trying to persuade the
naysayers they will always find
something wrong just say Blanche the
spam by the girl it's a real life mantra
to follow you define you and no one else
and literally not only to use to find
you but you define everything that is
real in your life Google Plus copy and
paste are your best friend in every
thing literally anything that you wonder
how I've achieved in life it all started
with google.com me literally typing in
my question exactly then hitting that
ctrl C and in that ctrl v and copied and
pasted my little heart out girl you want
that new job you try to get to a new
career path by LinkedIn concise copy and
paste find somebody else I got a job you
want look at a resume and copy okay
literally all of us live in small worlds
don't get caught up in the Instagram
hype don't get caught up in the idea
that trouble to move to New York City
from your small town in Timbuktu
girl New York can be just as small as
Djibouti it really is why did I just say
Timbuktu and Djibouti
I actually met somebody from Djibouti
while I was in Cape Town prepared to the
over seven billion people who walked
this earth things that are important to
you aren't going to be important to
other people number 20 my last tip is
never forget your childhood dream that's
a part of this rhythm this YouTube
channel started was because I was
reading a book by Terry Williams who's a
publicist and will link it down below
description box and one of the
activities in the book you're supposed
to keep a journal through the book which
was awesome one of the tips was to open
your journal and write down all your
childhood dreams and then write down why
you didn't pursue each one and then ones
that you can pursue no matter where
you're at in life go ahead and look into
pursuing them I'm not gonna pursue each
individual one of these outright but I
do kind of want to encompass these into
something that's all inspiring it so you
know my childhood dreams have fueled
this smart brown girl movement being 29
has not been the easiest of experiences
but I feel like I have come into myself
I feel like I don't know where the
I'm going and I'm really not worried
anymore because you know I'm crazy I'm
going with the wind spectacular and I'm
just gonna
we're all into life and just do what
makes me happy regardless of what anyone
else thinks I should be doing because
obviously the things that make me happy
make me very successful too and so I
love all my smart brown girls thank you
for all your support you let me know
what did you learn at your 20s what are
you learning in your 20s what are you
excited for in the future of your life
and just thank you for being awesome go
buy this my brown girl shirt oh and for
my birthday what I really really really
really really really really want you to
do go buy a copy of my book spend it on
goodbye autographed copy that doozy that
come touch book it's also available
internationally on Amazon and Kindle
also if you like any of my tips and you
wonder how I lived through my 20s it's
in send it on girl
it's all in there as always thanks for
watching
