exactly because quick as possible so
I've been getting comments here in there
in my YouTube videos about me wearing
wigs and keeping my hair under wraps as
of late and it's going to be very clear
that the smart brown girl movement in
and no means is a natural hair movement
when I did my touch of discrimination
video and said that I was leaving the
natural hair community a hundred and
twenty percent meant it I meant it I was
moving into the smart and establishing
smart brown girl movement I am full
speed ahead in that and the smart brown
girl movement is all about reveling in
our diversity as women of color and not
placing anyone in any particular box
that's not the natural hair care box
that is not telling a woman how she
should wear her hair that is not telling
me that because I wear a wig that I
don't love myself or love my hair quite
frankly my hair is no longer anybody's
business I am NOT defined by my hair and
nor why tolerate comments that err on
the side of telling me that I don't I
need to wear my real hair out because
I'm ignoring my natural beauty and you
don't know why I wear wigs and did it in
a look you let's my wig is out here
looking twenty ways to tragic
I have no or concerns to give on
this topic now I will let you guys know
what's actually going on with my hair I
am not hiding my natural hair ok I do
like my wigs because I like switching my
look up often and I go through
wavelengths of wear I wear my hair
different ways so currently I finger
coiled my hair I have a finger coil
tutorial I don't know if you can really
see it now I don't really wear it out
much or do hair tutorials anymore for
reasons established in the texture
discrimination video from over a year
ago I wear my hair out when I feel like
it but I'm growing it out and it's
acting in between lengths well not all
of my head but the sides are acting in
between lengths it's annoying to have to
do my hair because of the length of the
size where it's like not short enough to
leave alone so if I style the rest of my
head I have to style the sides the size
take abnormally long I'm not the
Prater ever end trying to grab on his
hair and get it and roll it and do
whatever I've done the rest of my head
is just very tedious I don't have the
time for I don't find the natural hair
community need to be super supportive of
me I'm just I'm good on it wait yeah the
bed where is as doing I took to
discrimination video y'all have been
super supportive and these people at the
hair care companies are still talking
 about me like I'm not going to find
out who I'm super happy that I did what
I did and I made a switch in my content
but you know it's not because I don't
love my hair I take good care of my hair
I am growing out my hair not that I want
to I think I'm always gonna cut keep it
in like this ball shape I really like
the shape of hair but I don't know what
I actually want to do with my hair right
now I don't know why I put this scar
speckle and to keep myself from doing
something extreme cuz I will be that
person to go truth be told I went there
but a relaxer in my hair for a minute
because I wanted a pixie cut like a real
short sleek pixie cut now not that I'm
against relaxers but I just don't want
to have to chop on my head hair off chop
on my head off chop on my hair off and
grow it back out once I'm over the pixie
cut like I'll get up I know me I'm gonna
get the pixie cut I'm gonna like it for
about six months then I'm gonna with my
natural hair back and I don't believe in
transitioning with 4c natural hair it's
a straight struggle one especially when
you're trying to transition from a super
short haircut which is what I would get
if I relaxed my hair and then shave it
my whole head I don't mind having a
shaved head actually like hi look it's
this length it's this length right here
you see how it's coiled up but that's
how long about long my sides are and
it's just this is a longer piece it's
just this little itty bitty itty bitty
and it can't do nothing with it length
that I'm not too keen on and it's too
short to braid down but too long the
sleek down you know it's too puffy to
put a wig on top of it's just
oh you know it's taking me a while to
kind of progress outside of doing
natural hair video
I definitely took a cut in my income in
doing the smart brown girl movement but
that's really where my focus is gonna
continue to be in and it's not there's
no I have no intentions of changing that
any time soon I just want to encourage
people to allow people to exist in
whatever space they want to exist in my
hair is an accessory it is extension of
my physical attributes it doesn't speak
to my character or integrity as a person
and it's this way of expression for me
and so I choose to express myself
however I so please and can't nobody
dictate no no I think you should learn
to accept the beauty that is women of
color and versatility of their hair and
that's basically if you want to watch my
finger coil tutorial the boop boop it's
a real quick tutorial girl real basic I
actually followed that tutorial to the
tee I use the same exact products I
legit
watch my tutorial before styling my hair
like this last night okay that is all
you can have a very sweet evening space
nice smart brown girl stay flat I'm
about to put my retro weight back on and
if you want to know and if you want more
details on this hair be easy that is if
you want more details on this hair check
out my wig Wednesday review I actually
love this retro glam look
