hey night is Josie and we're gonna do a
really quick video video because I
bought all this expensive ance makeup
and I would like to see if it really
makes that much of a difference between
buying money between using my usual
consumer pricing I love me some NYX
Cosmetics which is very affordable to
using this stuff that I picked up the
other day at Neiman's and Macy's because
I was going to a wedding tonight as your
wedding that I got to at midnight it was
right one time for foundation it's bare
minerals shake well and bare caramel
make me feel good by myself
with my luster drops for Mac you know
these are definitely a staple they are
definitely worth it from a fluorescent
baby behind girl yeah gather with my
flat brush from Sigma brushes pegasi on
to the brows as you already know I
already used the expansive and stay shut
by really brows and something that I do
believe is worth the end but beforehand
I was using um Mac dip down and that was
really really dark and then I used this
chocolate this is what Oh dark brown
gonna clean it up with my normal
concealers Milani cosmetics these are
not expensive I have never seen these in
the store though which is a damn shame
but you've seen me do this a million one
time so we're gonna skip past this part
as I've drawn in and set with my boy
girl brow gel from Mac standard doing
this for over a year okay so now for the
real world skits a real expensive ish
stuff so the other day I went to Neiman
Marcus about the cabinet Quine sensual
with a call it's essential skill
enhancer and sxo seven girlish our
little itty bitty draw I was forty seven
dollars yes man and I went in with the
full intention of buying it and then
returning it but I wanted to see it
because I've seen so many other beauty
bloggers and youtubers talk about it
that I wanted to try it for myself
a girl whoo it is almost like pancake
makeup and that it is very thick you do
not want to use a lot of it I think I
might take it back but not because I
want to return it but because this color
has a bit too much yellow undertone and
I think I might need more of a pinkish
undertone and just try different color
but I surprisingly love this a lot this
is so bright I'm gonna have to contour
so after I bought this with like all the
wine with the straw I'd get a contoured
kid try that out so I got the Anastasia
Beverly medium to tan contour kit this
is the powder one at the cream one my
bad I didn't know that they had a powder
one versus the Kremlin but here are the
colors and I wouldn't take these two
colors right here it's a contour with I
don't really know what I'm doing girl
I'm just doing it taking a concealer
brush she'll just live drag this from my
inner eye down my nose the lighter brown
for the two it doesn't really feel like
a it's like a creamy powdery consistency
though hey I'm gonna blend this in did I
do it right my supposed to put I don't
like when I do it like people so now
it's gonna go back in because I left a
buff go through the both both it up with
my burnt blush and go back over now I do
need to set this concealer I'd like to
use my Mac mineralize skinfinish but
I'll stare at my dinner house when I was
a Florida so if I'm going out and I
guess I'm doing all this I'm gonna just
use all my expensive hyped up mac makeup
I'm gonna use a banana powder but
sometimes I just use my regular max can
mineralized skinfinish to go over it and
this is medium deep I think because I
don't know this this is yellow and
there's banana powder on top of it I
feel like makes it too yellow
guess we'll see how this goes if you
watch my last smart brown girl video on
friendships I just put the regular
powder over top of the concealer oh wow
it's a baked too much because it gets
super yellow if you really love
you know the last thing I'm trying to be
as extra yellow nope nada I also don't
like to use a banana high too much
because it can end up looking a little
powdery in person it looks good in
pictures but so many people take
pictures and then they facetune it come
on I use facetune too sometimes but
baby-faced one day with this and
smoothing out the powdery look that they
get from the banana powder and so but
yeah I mean I can't walk around with
facetune in real life you know you still
we Roland if you run into me in real
life and you see I have all this makeup
on and it looks super powdery hmm going
back over my leg with the Mack pan or
pot and soft okra boarding the only
thing I don't buy from Mack really is
their lipsticks what I do feel like you
get cheaper lipsticks that are just as
good and pigmented as the Mac color what
I did mean sub i but I was trying to
find my wet n wild $3 gel eyeliner and
for whatever reason I think they might
not be so knows anymore because I went
to Walmart Walgreens everywhere that
sells them and nobody had them so then I
went by Macy's to try and get angle at
that black jaw line I was just $13 sold
out so they're not sorry I know tart has
a really good one so I want it tart to
get one well still at Macy's this stuff
goes $33 shine outside I have Macy's
card I got though but I was gonna go in
it does it's super easy to mess up
because it just applies so easily you
look already got a dot so what I also do
with this is I take this gold color and
this contour kit and I've been putting
it on my eyes totally forgot to do that
before I did all that with the pool Oh
with the eyeliner oh whoa all right now
I you can Wyatt self mascara what was a
sample I loved it I don't know where it
went so instead I'm gonna use my Shea
Moisture mascara that is very
interesting kind of have all the sizes
you can get in a mascara wand and
the only expensive lipstick that I have
aside from Matt well the most expensive
lipsticks I have are the OCC lip tars
but I leave sell for like $17 a pod I
don't know don't quote me I definitely
don't want any expensive lip liners well
I think by my Mac hodgepodge I don't
know where that lends to beard though so
I'm just using my NYX lip liner in brown
to fill in my lips a nice color I just
get away with it lunch well I've had
these for a minute I hope they're not
like to separate it and I'm gonna let
that dry before I talk to try to clean
it up or blend any other colors into it
because these do dry a lot more this
color dries a lot more matte a bit of
this goal from the contour kit again and
up higher right on the bridge of my nose
and then I'm going to go in and use it
as a bit of my highlight so I'm gonna go
back in my Brown minors doing me
summertime and I'm trying to get
summertime sadness is that I like this I
like oh yes okay this is the final look
my favourite kinky straight wig on I
believe all the details down below
description box let me know if you think
the makeup is worth the money do I have
a better listed in my previous get ready
with me videos what do don't what was
your favorite product that I've used
have you tried any of these products and
do you like my lip color follow me on
snapchat where I dare you talk about the
lip colors that I am we're reading cuz I
love lipstick let me take a picture
where's my camera
oh me oh my the look my bubble movable
whoa
all right I'm going to take some picture
so I can create this this flyer for my
birthday so we can start selling some
brunch tickets moving a birthday party
March
