who are we ready for this it's another
get ready with me are we on a roll I
actually like the soft little better
since these wood couple you see pay me
to do these get into the week that we're
winning today say alright and we
were back again with beauty forever wig
I had to remake this wig three times
it's a frontal put a band on on my wigs
we're wondering how I get them on my
head without gluing them down
I sewed a track on the inside girl first
time I made it you you saw what that
look like because the last get ready
with me I did with this wig the one on
depression and VidCon I had this wig on
don't you love the girls that wear their
wigs like this Instagram star no for
that and then I remade it again on
Sunday it's past Sunday when I remade it
this is my water bottle sorry when I
remade it I skipped a step we drink some
alkaline water I basically skipped
outlining the frontal on to the dumb cap
that I sold it on to and then I spent
five hours making this bag on wig and
then took it off the wig head and to put
it on my head it was too daggone small
okay so then we had to go remake it and
the third time is the charm cuz girl if
you can see can you see all the cheese
yes you also see my new shirt we're
getting to that a little bit later but
all this length oh give me you chuck at
I'll tease ya up H and what's cute with
googas poppies beauty forever so I'm
gonna give away so let me spray my hair
down real quick and give y'all the
details details will also be listed in
the description box for those of you who
still believe I talk too fast my
apologies is this as slow as I can
possibly go my mind just doesn't work
like that
I always spray my frontals when I want
them to lay a little flatter or I want
to reposition the hair it just works
wonderfully so of course you have to be
subscribed to try not like brush it down
because I don't have a brush on also I
like getting up and getting away so of
course you have to be subscribed to my
youtube channel duh be subscribed to the
beauty forever youtube channel follow
Beauty forever
hair moon Instagram they'll be
contacting you via Instagram I believe
they want you guys to put your emails
down below but I was like I am trying to
get these people spam I was like can
y'all just contact them via Instagram
please so I'm not sure if they're gonna
contact you via Instagram or if they'll
slide into your DMS here on YouTube
which they totally can do there is like
a
yeah suction somewhere don't ask me how
to find it every once in a while I
happened upon it I'm like oh wow send me
messages on YouTube so yeah comment down
below as well just so they know you
entering but within that comment you
need to choose your favorite hairstyle
the five listed down below description
box choose which one you like the best
so got them links and see and then
comment with what link number do you
like the most
okay first prize winner will get a
closure with three bundles a hair let me
click and see what kind of hair try and
give you I think it's this one maybe so
first prize winner will get three
bundles of this hair with 118 inch
closure three bundles would be sixteen
and two bundles of 18 I can place winner
three bundles again it will gonna be
fourteen sixteen sixteen and a 14 inch
closure so sixty days she'll probably
hit you right here eighteen inch will
hit you right at the TTA enter the
competition I am filling this here now
that I redid it even though it took me
three times to get it right my lord
swing by my Jesus we finally got it done
okay now onto this shirt I have a new
line of shirts black is the culture
we'll also talk about african-american
is the culture in the next video that I
did it's gonna be late oh oh my makeup
case we've talked about this in a
previous get ready with me it's a mess
because I've just had it out here as I
do my makeup again and again there a key
there a good-ass time why not why not
keep doing it oh where do we start
Oh what do we want to talk about this
huh first of all the comments section on
my last get ready with me is a hot damn
mess stop coming for toy I won't up
their own age no she is she out you know
what she's coming for me sometimes on
Twitter it's okay I love it oh she does
anything wrong y'all really put that
whole thing left and I 100 replies are
you going back and forth between African
Americans in Nigeria that I'm just like
Jase hey that's this is not how we solve
our issues this is not how we resolve
anything this is not a productive
conversation and y'all just belittling
somebody who didn't actually say
anything wrong and they first comment
someone just took it less and then y'all
follow okay alright if we clear can't we
be a little less hostile yo oh my gosh
okay so first we're gonna do the brows
this benefit brow pencils
same prints like always some eyebrows
cuz I love it if it brow Kapow Wow links
will be down below to everything I use
on my face i had my DJ listen to geeks
who come on a Martinique tomorrow girl
i'm traveling like
ain't broke I'm just like my goodness
when did I get all this money no I
didn't get all this money I just had
poor decision-making skills Nicki Minaj
collab with that fruity loop dude the
dude that got free loops in his teeth
when it really just became famous
because of her DJ academics and so I
tweeted that Nicki loves having hard-ass
rules for women but then stay forgiving
and working with trans men in the way
that she quickly forgave me goes but
then was like how all that say about
cardio ver her over when cardi actually
kept my mouth shut but quavo quavo
whatever-his-name-is
refused to stand up for her he's the one
that even put her in that predicament in
the first place girl now then she paid
for her brother's defense fund I guess
his lawyer fees well when he went to try
was for pedophilia something girls I
don't know enough about the case if we
speak on it but it's like one either she
believes he's innocent or two she's like
what at least I don't want you to get
like a really harsh sentence I'll
provide I'll pay for your legal so even
if you are found guilty you know you can
get a more reasonable sentence I don't
know man
I don't want to say I don't think it's
unfair cuz again I don't know about the
case and it's like you involving
sexually assaulting a child or like a
violent crime it really just is like oh
okay
this is what I want to talk about I'm
getting dressed for my deejay class its
foundation free in 2018 Summer 2018 this
can go long way anyway girl I don't get
pimples on my face but I did ask have a
pimple in my ear it's on the outer side
of my ear and it's like right here I'm
just like I want it to go away
I want it to leave me be right since
we're not doing foundation let's make
sure we put the right color m.l.a pro
girl on yes medium beige so what seems
to be setting off right we've been
having these getting me we've been
having these get ready with me
conversations about about interacting
with youtubers and how we sort of view
them treat them and then when they mess
up how we expect them now let's both
will connect into both of the past two a
little keys we've had one where I talk
about my interaction with from VidCon
and just to be clear I'm gonna say
people don't speak or don't say hi it's
not like I keep my mouth shut
you know what you see a black person he
welcomed by them and you do like the
role in like hey like the hey hey and
you don't get nothing back that's what
I'm talking about but
three four videos will go because I've
been posting have you watched though
have you watched more specifically tying
into like how private a youtuber can be
then when youtubers apologize and try to
explain themselves like why can't you
just own it why would you have to at all
place yourself feel like you're in the
victim or you feel any kind of way and
also too I think that all also kind of
connects the reason for why things play
out the way they do also connects into
how many youtubers like myself deal with
depression anxiety or social anxiety now
I do not have social anxiety I do not
have an issue interacting in large
settings but I also lived in New York
City so I got over you can't really
didn't miss you have to think about this
this way when you start thinking about
why youtubers move the way they move or
why they do the things they do
definitely black youtubers particularly
black women right so small it's mostly
black women let's think about it when
somebody does not like you right in the
real world you typically you might find
out about it but they don't really
approach you like we all don't live on a
set of Love & Hip Hop or Real Housewives
so in the real world when we have issues
with people either like sometimes they
bubble over but it doesn't bubble over
in a very hostile confrontational way
for the most part I know some of y'all
are hostile and think the cameras are
rolling you're gonna check to be
aggressive
don't let more Scott have you on you
streets up in the game alright
not only do you not usually confront
hate so someone like myself when people
didn't like me they just tended to like
not deal with me they would not invite
me out there were not a whole lot of
conversation to my knowledge about me
I'm sure I came up in conversation here
there but guess who doesn't find out
about it me which is the beauty of it
it's like you know you get to live in
your own little bubble we all tend to
live in very small homogenous world you
do not confront people talking
negatively about you or hopefully
stalking you or digging through all your
old information or trying or looking for
your downfall to happen like I'm sure
there are sociopaths who will put that
much effort in real life but for the
most of us we don't typically encounter
that in a very nefarious is what I want
to say way also I do think you have
deal with adulation and how that impacts
your psyche because we also don't tend
to live in a world where we all are
loved and liked and adore very vocally
so it is kind of like uh you want to say
quagmire quagmire why don't want to use
his big ass word a synonym that I want
to use as a curse word it's awesome Fudd
shape right let me mess too much oh hey
because hey yeah we really are the power
because you're not used to people who
are obsessed with you on either end of
the spectrum right you do have to kind
of compartmentalize and absorb the way
your audience loves and adores you and
the way some people both out of
admiration for you and out of disdain
for you overstep their boundaries and
it's weird you know like I was saying
when I was at SS fast somebody came up
behind me and tickled me um first and
they just wanted to take pictures with
me they like me they were they get I
hate saying they were a fan cuz like Who
am I they were a smart brown girl and
they would add a picture yeah you know I
kind of had to like gather myself
because I don't have a positive reaction
to people tickling me I do not like to
be tickled and you know there's no point
in trying to check her or be nice nasty
yeah it cross the line but it wasn't
intentional and it's just kind of one of
those things that I have to eat other
youtubers are even bigger than me tend
to eat a lot of different ways that
people will cross the lines with them
now when it comes to the negativity you
know that is a lot to get over mentally
to and it is interesting because I think
the your audience and I understand why
you yell away you get all this love why
are you paying attention to like the
handful of people that dislike you and I
will say you think about how often you
encounter people talking ish about you
like real truth see and I'm not talking
about like college like bubble settings
like being in school so yeah who wants
to be stuck in the college setting or
middle school high school cafeteria
setting all the way up into their
adulthood for the rest day lives
nobody even though yeah you should pay
it said to the fact that you get all
this support over here and not pastors
and haters I will say every single one
of us who gets into the space it does
take some getting used to that not only
do people dislike you but the people who
tend to pay the most attention to you or
your haters all right and it's
Wow are you upset it's like people will
notice when you get like a different
background right like if I swap these
pictures out somebody would notice
somebody might remember something that I
thought I said in passing that I might
stop don't even remember and they remind
me of another self okay all right I mean
it's creepy to me maybe if I explain it
to you it's not creepy like that type of
like getting used to these type of
things yes because the conversation has
bubbled over quite a few times in my
comments y'all love to bring up the
Jackie in the petty page you ain't
 I don't really want to say a whole
lot about it because I'm biased I like
Jackie in real life and I will say
Jackie is very very very supportive
behind the scenes to a lot of black
women youtubers in ways that y'all would
never know because she doesn't go around
talking about what she does for all of
us she just does it with great integrity
when she don't have to but I will also
say with Jackie I've had conversations
where I've criticized her about things
and not criticize her because I dislike
her criticize her because I'm I care
about I care about her
and I'm just thinking about you know the
type of audience she has and it wasn't I
think criticizes sounds so harsh it was
like I said something heard about
fashion over girl it wasn't even a D and
she was respective she did not take it
the wrong way and she often has very
open ears to when any of us approached
her about anything that's why I've said
what I said but I don't want this Connor
in this comment section to like spiral
out of control into digging up that
like is so three months ago all right
not to say that I don't think she was
wrong for doing the video about oh girl
oh this is a Becca palette this is the
gradient glow I'm gonna put it on my
eyes you know it's not to say that I
can't say when someone's who supports me
and who I like is wrong you know cuz I
have no problem saying they wrong but
I'm talking about more like how I view
the way they apologize right you know
when you have someone who dislikes you
right and it's one thing for it to live
on like a forum or a website because you
just like look it comes with the is it's
like the territory it's the name of the
game if people don't like me they have
their right to talk about now my rule of
thumb is you not fitting to come to my
house eat my dick hard slaves over a hot
stove use my own damn
going to buy this fool doesn't cook the
fool y'all ungrateful eggs you're not
gonna come to my house
Edie and then on my dining table
meaning you're not bringing an issue to
my until my comments section right but
if you wanna eat my food or if you want
to come to my house partaking the meal I
cooked and then leave you're really
lucky you and I really funny witty is
something about what I they rub you the
wrong way you want to go elsewhere and
talk about it bow me dance I'm happy to
provide entertainment for you I'm still
doing something okay but when it pops up
into like these drama channels right and
now you have people not only creating
video about it but making money off of
agitating you I don't know somebody who
don't like you think about the reasons
that you have found out that they don't
like you now imagine they were able to
profit also discussing this how how
would you feel how I'm not using this as
an excuse right no I would not do a
video about somebody who came at me
wrong I have receipts all folks all
right if I want it to be messy and sit
here and spill beans about stuff I could
I choose not to because it's just not
productive it doesn't really go anywhere
and then like people be so ready to bend
over backwards and bend their si I mean
I know you could kind of say I'm doing
that with my girl but it's lucky I
wanted my body is here but even not even
that they're defending the person
because they like them or care about
them but just as people will always
diminish what you think see is wrong
just because they don't see it as wrong
right I think scamming other black women
is is wrong I have season this is
letters from said scammers if I would
put slugs on blast you don't know what
to oh ho I'm at the quarter I got things
I could talk about it if I wanted to all
right we gonna keep it cute and keep it
oh you know what I want to do like a
brown lip take it back to 1998 do I have
my brown lip liner in here
I'm but all that to say if I wanted to
be my seat and do a video I could do a
video on quite a few people I can talk
about how I got blackballed for the
natural hair community you know a lot of
things that I just let go let God it
didn't really address cuz I was like
what would be the level of fallout from
this and do aren't really if I'm not
fitting to do anything in the real world
context then what's the point of doing a
video on it if I'm not
take a step further and like fight for
my rights or like you know really go
after this then I'm not gonna talk about
it that's my own personal ethos so you
can imagine how I feel with regards to
the videos that have been done y'all
keep on to talk about and hold you know
hold somebody to fire in the apology for
it in my comment section but I'm talking
more so about how the apology came
across right because yeah you do want to
explain yourself because I do understand
being pushed over the edge and how that
can manifest in a bad decision and then
in trying to own that decision you don't
want to put more gasoline on the fire so
you don't do a video apology and I
personally wouldn't have recommended a
video apology anyway in the context of
Jackie and PEG in Paige because I'm not
trying to help someone make more money
off a Dragon me you could drag me up you
want to but I'm not do your research on
it when I know some people read it as oh
why are you trying to play yourself as a
victim
why do you it's because look ya'll don't
ever have to deal with nor do y'all
really consider not only the amount of
hate but the way that people just feel
entitled to you even when it's out of
love the way people will cost you like
some way to comments before it was like
they saw me in New Orleans and I didn't
speak in our needs who learn how to
speak to my fans since do you know what
girls trip did for exercise do you know
how everybody na mama was this small
engine to Worland do you know I have no
problem with people play somebody
tickled me and I still took a picture
with them
gladly happily I don't have any problems
talking to people but that's not saying
people like a constant ways that like it
does kind of chip away at your energy I
know we're not supposed to let it and
that's easier said than done but there
are a lot of things that are very unique
to the experience of living on YouTube
and I think unless you live on YouTube
you're not going to understand so we
couldn't because I'll say she jaggies
wrong we're doing a video right cool
these great if you've never experienced
what it's like to be on this side it's
just a lot taste way and I don't even
feel like maybe I'm explained it well
enough on here and what I'm trying to
say let me see that happen this
concisely it's not so much the hate it
is just this level of entitlement and
access and then when you approach people
about it it's like right so something as
simple as quote tweeting someone who's
talking about you why are you being
a bully with your big audience to get
your fans on them I mean we are on Al
Gore's free internet and you are talking
about me by my name
I can't even wait wait wait wait let's
try this again let's let's back up here
okay and then because what does happen
people will find people talk about true
and then actually they'll send it to you
they will screenshot it I'll be like
girl I was trying to be ignorant to the
to the alright I was trying to
be Ray Charles to the BS let me please
people won't let you does not happen so
when you try to like tell your audience
hey please stop adding me on this thread
that suddenly you become the bully and I
have had people approach me in real life
who I knew did not like me and if I said
anything publicly about it and all of a
sudden I become the bad guy because the
expectation I should just turn the other
cheek to them yeah and if this was to
happen in regular Doug Euler me pre
being Jules E pre being YouTube yeah I
would have absolutely checked the person
but now because I have a platform now
because I have an audience all of a
sudden I'm just supposed to be this way
above it all ambivalent you know and
yeah so I have picked up a level of a
loose-knit because it's like I'm right
if I'm supposed to like not respond to
when someone accost me in my personal
space and yes I know I have to stay
blessed and stay by the movement I'm
gonna stay blessed but you not fit in it
you're not gonna come into my bubble
though that's what I was talking about
like very specifically very specific
types of encounters that kind of attack
you in ways that are like alright I can
ignore it 98% of this there is about 2%
of this that takes it too far what it
starts to build up and bubble up and it
just and I can never address it when I'm
always accused of being the bully and
I'm not talking about myself
particularly but other youtubers who I
see you have tried to navigate this
space uh you know wanting to engage
their audience and be happy and be
benevolent all the time but also want to
be left alone with some of the
negativity like you have every right to
talk about me you have every right to
drag me on the internet if you want to
please just don't do it in a space where
it's going to be brought to me you don't
like do it over there now don't we yeah
hey
I think a lot people just don't
understand this because they don't have
to deal with it you you are not
confronted with this in your day to day
life and I pray that you really are
never confronted with it because it's
not fun I kinda wanna put a gloss on
this what did I become a glossy I know
we're gonna put love on one time but it
does evilly I'm not surprised when
Jackie apologized that she did seek to
explain herself because I think she was
trying to explain to people where her
mind was at and what she's absorbed as a
youtuber and why that led her to making
the wrong decision that she made maybe
you feel like she didn't need to explain
that she just apologized I move on and I
guess maybe Oh No but like I have some
understanding for her I really do and
that's just where I'm at with that
because what there's a many ledges I've
had to be talked off of since starting
this YouTube cuz I girl when I went to
court trusting me I definitely want to
do a whole video I recorded one on top
of it I've quoted a whole video to drag
people that had come for me in a way
that was just like girl I come I can let
it roll off my back like a duck cuz I'm
quack team okay but there are certain
things that just cross over to your
space and you just never it's like whoa
whoa whoa so I cannot leave my man into
that giveaway though okay and that's why
I'm trying to explain to y'all now I
know this comments a comment probably
gonna be a mess it's fine because I keep
saying you know as much as like I try to
explain this it's just not something
that I expect people to grasp unless
they live it but everyone is entitled to
their opinion in this arena they can't
think someone was wrong that's not what
I'm saying I'm just trying to give a
little bit perspective okay that's it
that's all all right so this is the
basic look we did for the DJ last year
we got to go to the DJ lesson if the guy
who is moving is so stressful girl
stressful but I'm out this is
