hey guys it's Judy and it's time for
another pop sniper talk about everything
from the low Browns of the high brow as
long as their eyebrows are on Flint and
yes we are in a different setting
because I am downstairs in my kitchen
today because I'm packing to go to LA
tomorrow and my bedroom is an absolute
mess click click click click click today
I am drinking actually the bottle wine
it's a tangley oaks cab hmm really good
pasta that I just drank just ate why do
I keep doing that I'm gonna drink some
cheese eat some wine yeah I just ate
surprised that it was Z this sure a head
wrap is from rap life having a brain
fart girl yeah I've been tweeting me
about this Julianna I own the hottest
Rick last name Rancic
whatever Oh Giuliana made a crash joke
about Zendaya's hair at the Oscars yes
zendaya who we were just mad at like a
couple months ago for attempting to play
Aaliyah she ended up dropping out of the
film though she has robots installed and
Giuliana proceeded to joke on fashion
police that she looks like a word I
don't know how to pronounce had a truly
patchouli oil but I'll be knowing
basically she's actually smoke weed
that's what that was what the point of
the joke was it was rude it was ignorant
it was stereotypical yes it had racial
undertones to it I wholeheartedly agree
with the backlash that Giuliana and I
got about making that comment I've heard
a lot of people claim that she's trying
to be like Joan Rivers and Joan Rivers
got a got away with the comment I don't
know like I clearly remember being very
offended when Joan Rivers made a joke
about Michelle Obama so I feel like the
offense would transfer over if someone
else made the same comment yes I think
they I handled it very very well and the
little write-up she did explaining why
it's wrong explaining why she was
offended and explaining why she chose to
wear the hairstyle that she wore um
now on the flip side what
I'm outraged by this I think Giuliana
gave a very effective and appropriate
apology she acknowledged that her
intentions weren't to offend but it
doesn't matter what her intentions are
where she actually landed it was the
problem and she learned from her
wrongdoing and she was just to correct
her ears and she wholeheartedly takes
ownership of the mistake that she made
his own day and it's really good to see
that because so rarely do apologies
effectively happen like that but on for
six 4c hair chicks Paige you know Bob
still mad Oh her apology was so well
written her publicist did a good job I
mean I don't know about you but I
wouldn't be able to come on camera I
would write an apology out before I came
on camera like that's just I would do
that on a youtube video you know I like
people just don't know what it's like to
say front of a camera
you know why I'm always looking over
here the viewfinder versus I feel like
I'm cross-eyed when I'm looking into the
lens you know it's real easy to get
tripped up over your words when you're
doing it live on air and there's not a
lot of room to edit yourself down like
yeah hell yeah she wrote that shit out
duh speaking it white women making ill
remarks aperture assha Arquette post
after so yeah big catch Patricia
Arquette speech and I remember sitting
there being late you know she started
talking about women's equality rights
and I'm like oh girls don't don't don't
get too close like cuz it's just so easy
to step over the line but the speech she
did was good that's what she didn't air
was good talking about it's time for
equal pay for women
um but apparently she had the backstage
interview and then she stepped all the
way over to the last oh the wave over
now she said that blacks and gays it's
time to fight for the rights of women
who have been fighting for them for so
long now this is problematic the
quizzical see this is my thing with the
Patricia Arquette thing I'm trying to
find my words around it because I feel
like you know being on Twitter and
following the people that I follow on
Twitter and kind of fuck you know
basically following like the black
literati in my age group I'm also a
little kind of bone-weary
at how aggressive we get around
people like a patricia arch to make make
a misstep are like say something that's
out of pocket largely because we get so
mad and so aggressively like you know
you're wrong and if you don't understand
it you're just dumb like how do I send
them like that and sometimes I I really
do wonder if because we get so
aggressive and I guess because you look
you lose out pretty deep for tone you
don't have a lot of them to edit
yourself you know it's a hundred or
forty characters on Twitter so you kind
of have to pack a punch really hard or
to get your point across but we have so
many punches in this social media venue
that you know I sometimes worry that
we're missing opportunities for
education for people like Patricia
Arquette a I like the Marianna Ortega
essay on love and knowing a thermos I
feel like that's exactly what it was and
I've put it that in my curly Nikki white
women a natural hair video on you know
this idea that you think you know what
you're talking about because you've read
a few books or you know other black
women and so you feel like you can speak
for them or tell them or give them
suggestions on how to live or how to be
but you don't walk in our shoes and so
you can't you can't make those
references I feel like Patricia Arquette
spoke very poorly there is an issue in
women's rights with men on both sides of
the fence right a heterosexual or
homosexual standing up for the rights of
women and that definitely significantly
crosses over into the arena of black
women's rights it's a very weak point in
our discussion we ain't I've read a few
articles that I think we're pretty well
written then addressed it in much kinder
terms but I wonder how many people
really move outside of it engaging on
Twitter and go to read those articles
but kind of understand the more nuanced
complexities of the situation and are
really educated on why this topic is
important part of the conversation
homegirl justine sacco the publicist who
made a really
this joke about not being able to
contract HIV before boarding her flight
to South Africa last year the apologist
pieces that have come out around her I
just like the power of the white woman
some writer from Gawker put up the
original tweet but I just seen and
really made a case about it and it kind
of spread like wildfire from there and
then you know let late last year he
wrote an apology piece saying he meant
just seen in person and she's a really
nice lady apologize to everyone in her
life now I mean I just don't feel like
women of color are afforded the same
sort of forgiveness for mistakes and
transgressions as white women and so for
New York Times I kind of write this
sweeping piece about you know people who
have been targets of social media Pro
tax essentially saying that we need to
be more cautious about ruining people's
lives well why aren't we more cautious
about the way we speak you know black
women being afforded the same
opportunity as why we're going to be
forgiven for past transgressions
monic Monique let's say Monica mo nique
who want a scare for her performance in
the movie Precious has been all over the
press for commenting that Lee Daniels
who is an executive producer of Empire
and also did the butler and produce
precious tell her that she was basically
blackballed in the industry and that's
why she has not gotten any positions now
girl
Lee the angle of the interview with Don
Lemon Don Lemon you know Ashley Dean is
gonna pinion about Monique's remarks and
Lee Daniels commented that he loves
Monique she's a very he loves talented
people and she's very talented
he feels like she invoked reverse racism
reverse racism Lee Daniels and then he
converted say well you basically have to
play ball so the issue is that once
Monique did the precious role typically
when you are Oscar nominee you campaign
to win it's kind of like the elections
like you want to get the state's votes
you want to get people's votes
so you schmooze and play the politics of
wine and dine Monique flat-out refused
she also did not do a lot of press for
depression
movie and so Riley Daniel standards
she kind of Clayton against herself by
not playing politics comes across lead
Daniel just comes across as like the
uncle town like you just all the way
sold out late but I want Lee Daniels to
tell me what the fuck is reverse racism
if your ass don't never like playing the
race card to begin with I think mommy
owned up to the fact that she may have
made some mistakes or may have had an
attitude or it may not have been the
easiest person to work with um you know
but if we could could forgive justine
sacco for making a belligerently rude
and racist comment
why can't you know people kind of hold
Monique's hand in the same way and help
her out and guide her and you know be
like you know what we don't want to ruin
your life we don't want to stop you from
flourishing now Monique since then her
gonna aren't interview on CNN as well
and she spoke about the fact that she
wasn't being difficult it wasn't that
she was unwilling to do press for the
precious show shilling I paid fifty K
for the role in the first place she was
with how her family and she didn't want
to water down the opportunity for women
that women of color who come after her
by taking these lowball rates that were
being offered to her post winning the
Oscar and I totally understand that
concept you know being a black content
creator a black female content creator
on you it's hard to kind of get things
off the ground or to get opportunities
that your white peers get because
especially it's reason why I let the
natural hair community not your hair
care companies if I gave them my rate
they would push back and say well we
just want you to do it for free because
it's and then we can give you extra in
coverage it's extra exposure because
this period this period this period
words is all doing it for it's
unfortunate that people are gonna look
at her like girl because she made the
whole comment about she was was playing
cookie on Empire
taraji is explaining that role I don't
see Monique doing it but I don't
disagree with Monique's precedent she's
very well-spoken I think she's not doing
it with any anger or like overt
bitterness and so why not start this
dialogue why
Tabor right for young man well he
legally the young child he was 12 years
old who was shot down in Cleveland Ohio
in a park while brandishing a fake gun
hidden in brandish it he was walking
around the park with a toy gun
somebody called the police and said
there's somebody in the park with what
looks like a gun they think it's a toy
gun but they can't tell they also think
that it's a young kid and not an adult
but they can't tell within two seconds
of arriving the police shot Taylor down
dead and of course and I think we're all
just entirely exhausted with the
judicial system in America that can find
every single incinerator reason to send
young black Americans into the prison
system but can't seem to bring justice
in Cleveland is saying that Tamir rice
cards his own death by failing to avoid
injury I do not know what that means I
ain't got the time to try to understand
it is bullshit again what really can be
done here I don't know I don't I don't
know dress gate happen this past weekend
where somebody took a picture of a
clearly blue and black dress but it was
overexposed and so if your little eyes
averted to the yellow background first
you saw the dress as white and go home
which was hilarious because I always
look just as blue and black it's blue
and black and ugly at that but I went to
see 50 shades of fuck boy an insecure
bitch otherwise I was picturing a grade
on Thursday last week and after I came
home and I longer the computer I was
like the dress finally looked like a
white and gold dress but I have been
sitting in the dark and my eyes were
readjusting to the light and that's why
some people see this right in gold and
some people see it as blue and black the
drug blew em leg and shouldn't nobody be
wearing it in the first place anyway
OK ROCK doesn't get why Beyonce's famous
and so highly regarded and I think that
Kid Rock should just kept them damn
comments to himself don't nobody know
why Kid Rock is relevant or why are we
talking to him in 20 it was hilarious
though how the Beehive came at him
all the bees in his comment section yeah
same guy said where her beehive will
come out strong and heart against him
and then kid rock which was kind of
funny when he posted the picture of a
can of raid on his Instagram I'm like
I'm about to spray on y'all roaches so
rude so nasty and so uncalled for if you
really want to learn how to slay and say
I'm not really into artists who should
be like Erykah Badu who Leone the week
and I forgot emergence is a pop star
tweeted that she wasn't really did I
talk about though I don't think I did
about how she somebody tweeted Erykah
Badu and asked her how she felt about
azalea eyes Aaliyah whatever that child
banks music and she says she tried kept
it real simple now though you're never
one to not be a hit Dogg tweeted Erykah
Badu back basically telling her she's
rude and she doesn't get her because
she's old
okay and an aircar my tweets we did it
that's her on my Twitter location they
let her know she ain't nothing but a
short train ride on the end away from
wherever as the events was saying that
in New York that night she could come
find here it was so it was such subtle
subtly beautiful Erica is awesome I just
girl that was clever put play the song
in the background um but is just doing
to dive-bomb mics like you I like her
music but you could have just not said
anything back in return she didn't say
that your music was tried she didn't get
why you were popping she just said she
tried it and it wasn't I think I don't
like him clearly by no album sale girl
really March it spicy season currently
what we does need to get the fuck why
see then I wish a and get to the number
one air is season and I am turning 30
ah spot though try to get some key we
need to start with projects together to
rile up the support of my smart brown
girls we can give back to the smart
brown women across the world so
hopefully I'll have all that together
this week and I'm having a 30th birthday
brunch in Houston Texas let me know
coming please buy tickets who need your
support now I can't wait to have a
mahogany to an Aurora
70s retro party and squirrel to be
fantastic and drink champagne with all
my smart brown girls and guys just you
know people in general I can't wait I'm
so excited
also this Saturday I'm hosting a free
event and using text is so important
should I keep my eye out for that as
well it's free open to all ages you have
no reason not to come out this have you
come out and if I can pack the house for
this then I can then they will allow me
the opportunity to do more free events
in other cities and lastly South Africa
on the 14th come to my event details
down below in description box click the
description box for all the links shot
smart bronzer
Oh
