hey guys it's Julian it's time for
another pop star we talk about
everything from the low brow to the high
brow as long as your eyebrows are on
fleek and I have to get super cute
because you know this is gonna be a
Kanye Kim Kardashian rhythmic pop snark
and every time we've been told the cadet
Kardashians everybody likes to watch so
y'all was not gonna catch me out here
looking dry so I am the smart brown girl
movement I hope you have purchased yo
smart brown girl shirts we are
officially finally rolling out
plus-sized smart brown girl shirt they
are now available at shop that's smart
Brown girl calm we also have crew neck
cut sweatshirt so to make all my smart
Brown girls happy hop on over to shop
that smart Bronco comm and support the
movement I'm so appreciative of all
that's where we've gotten this far so
we're gonna continue to try and continue
to meet your request I'm turning 30 a
month from now on March 25th I will be
having a birthday brunch on Saturday
March 28th in Houston Texas I am
throwing this brunch myself so I would
definitely love for all my smart brown
girls guys bring your booze your base
your girlfriends your sisters bring your
crew out and come enjoy a boozy brunch
with me tickets are $35 for general
mission outside VIP tickets that come
with something extra special
but the $35 covers a brunch buffet an
open bar and I'm doing this all on my
lonesome so I definitely would love you
guys to come out and support I'm doing
this because you guys have asked about
me doing an event here in Houston so why
not do something for my 30th birthday
flea the last announcement before we get
into all the wit that I have to throw
today I will be in South Africa I'm
actually going by myself now because
friends suck occasionally but the bright
spot is I mean it's South Africa so I'm
still excited and I will be hosting a
meet and greet on Saturday March 14th in
your Harrisburg South Africa it will be
a ticketed event we are still getting
together some of the details so please
stay tuned
we'll announce on Instagram Twitter
Facebook when the tickets officially go
on sale for those interested I will also
be bringing along some smart brown girl
shirts and copies of my book
send it on pay over to jewels e.com
slash South Africa and I will have all
the details on ordering a shirt and a
book so I know how many copies to bring
along with me it's not girls can't we
change now cuz I brought I put together
an extra special drag click click click
click click click this is like desert
girl this is the only reason I'm really
doing pops night cuz I could record this
tomorrow but I was like oh if I do pop
Staggs I have a reason to eat something
decadent oh my gosh is so good
my name is you a cocktail recipe for you
but I'm drinking root beer amaretto
cream cheese ice cream with red velvet
Oreos crushed on top I think I low-key
got this idea from a homegrown snapchat
thumbs up and leave a comment down below
if you would like me to do a put video
on how to make this decadent cocktail
this is D F and list only is it
still Black History Month but this past
Saturday was my favoritest spirit animal
my familiar Nina Simone's birthday and I
feel like Nina Simone is somebody that
all of my smart Brown girls guys and my
crew in general you all need to know
about her she has changed the scope of
music in so many ways not only was she a
singer-songwriter which was amazing
pianist I love all her music her
rendition of strange fruit is one of my
favorite is I love sinnerman I just and
I love the fact that she spoke through
her music her music had a message she
stood up for so many things beyond civil
rights and so happy birthday - Nina
Simone and in honor of Black History
Month this pop snogging is especially
for her and I feel like if you really
want to know what a musical geniuses
check out Nina Simone I will link down
below some things to get you started if
you want to learn more this back Sunday
Mike the 50th anniversary of Malcolm X
and it's very monumental along with
having sama come out in this being the
50th anniversary of Selma with all it
has going on with the black lives matter
campaign in you know understanding where
we came from understand the people that
sacrifice and who sacrificed their time
their energy and we're really committed
to fighting for the rights of minorities
in America girl Framm so kanye west it's
just a character and my drink is so damn
good I really want to do to start off
talk about Kanye is I used to work out
good music
I've had this email in my inbox since
2006 and it was set to one of the
employees and he was let go I don't know
if he was fired if he quit I'm not sure
but he sent it to John monopolise
formerly the president and one of
cayenne managers happy again part of
Kanye's man of a team formerly Don C we
all know who that is
Kanye himself I don't even know if he a
still uses just yeh still use a yahoo
account G Roberson al branch Derek OS
Fonzworth Bentley GLC consequence and
these other people's names you're not
gonna know diva funny enough I've done
an interview with here on my youtube
channel it's titled manat in honor
of all the fuckery that we're about to
talk about between Kanye and burrows
Chloe Kim and the rest of the car
trashing Kardashian I'm going to read
this email just to give us a Kiki asked
me for 1,100 back Johnny patron you
phony baller you let me starve and I
broke records for you I've been faithful
to you for two and a half years you are
using good music Kanye West record label
not yours as a front everybody words of
wisdom if you have a hardworking person
and they are committed take care of them
but not the jig is up happy you are
officially a 3300 loser with bad dental
hygiene I'm in Brownsville Brooklyn and
not Eddie I know about your boyfriend
lol you get girls would you dress funny
let's get back to the real issue
gee I don't know you well but I heard
great things about you and I
to come regulate and make Kanye's brand
is not tainted by a tyrant set via
blackberry to Kanye West showed at New
York Fashion Week showcasing his
collaboration with Adidas and I am NOT
impressed entirely confused I feel like
he was channeling Hunger Games and nine
a cute way because Effie Trinket slayed
way harder than he did with once and go
out for the district 13 girl care how
much you would have called Kanye a
genius I mean I think the man is
musically extremely talented
I have not particularly seen fashions
from him that I was wildly impressed by
ya can look cute because Kim has a very
nice physique but I don't think she had
anything on that would be revered as
particularly trend-setting you know the
army jacket that she had all you can get
on what is that Houston Street in off of
2nd Avenue right up to the American
Payroll stood where there's like a
military shot get that same exact jacket
roll up the sleeves it looks the same
for the low it's easy
she had tights a body stocking on
leggings and like leg warmers she looked
like she like shopped in the underwear
section at Uniqlo maybe you guys the
rest of the world isn't familiar with
Yuna globe but literally everything I
saw now Kanye has said that his idea
behind his clothing line was that he
wanted pieces that you could layer and
wear to work like errands to going out
with your friends I did not see anything
on that catwalk that looked like it
could be worn to wear if you walk into a
business meeting with me just like that
i'ma think you hungry and homeless oh I
will give kudos to him for having a very
diverse body of models not only in
ethnicity and race with size height and
shape it's great that he was very
provocative in that form
Kim was seated with Northwest between
Anna Wintour and Beyonce and it was
clear that that was simply for a photo
op Kim has been yearning for the
acceptance of both Beyonce and Anna
Wintour since forever ever
I guess girl whatever
now what I will say and what I'm gonna
continue to say through this episode is
what has this entire situation this past
week with all the news that Kim has been
tangled in is in
is that the Kardashians and Kris Jenner
has been very strategic in building a
brand where no matter what type of news
is told about them it benefits their
brand as long as we are talking about
Kim and her family they are making money
off of us collectively so I feel like
that's part of the reason why they would
give her a prime seating between Anna
Wintour and Beyonce because why they
took Northwest
a one-year-old to a fashion show and
thought that she was going to sit
through the entire thing with no type of
toys nothing to chew on then to eat on
and to play with at a grown-up show that
most grown-ups are bored by fashion
shows are extremely boring I'm not gonna
sit here and even begin to tell them how
to parent or how to take care of their
child but to me it's very clear that
North is a prop and use for photo ops
she can get extra visibility because no
matter what no matter whether we are
hating her or loving her
we are following what this woman is
doing the memes that come out of it are
hilarious uh collect your coins Kim and
Kanye do what you got to do booboo I
guess Chris taught you well boo way more
exciting and innovative than Kanye's
fashion show us amber Rose's interview
with The Breakfast Club now everyone
knows that long Breakfast Club
interviews Charlamagne always goes for
the shady questions like they set you up
to throw shade some people do well like
surprisingly Nicki Minaj is ex-boyfriend
Safari
and some people entirely fall for the
bay and just bomb barrels was asked
about her opinion on Tigger the 26 25
year old rapper's relationship with
Kylie Jenner who is 17 years oh now he's
asking amber because Amber Rose is
really good friends with blac Chyna who
is Tikas ex-wife and mother of his child
blac Chyna's is also a former but buddy
pun intended of Kim Kardashian so the
relationship is not only odd for the
illegal age difference but also because
this is your wife's friend's sister is
that not
particularly Shadyside personally don't
feel like amber through any shade at the
kardashian-jenner clan she simply threw
all the shade at ticket because it is
tikka who was at fault here and said
that he's a grown man he should know
better
she actually I feel like she
complimented both Kim and khloé when she
was asked about you know in saying that
the one thing that she respects about
blac chyna
is that she was friends with Kim and now
she was with amber and she never said
anything negative about Kim Kardashian
so she knows that she's a good and
possibly loyal friend amber and French
Montana are close friends but there's
nothing sexual going on as far as she
concerned he is actually in love with
Chloe she also said that she was tired
talking about Kanye she feels like Kim
and Kanye are perfect for each other I
thought the interview she kept it cute I
feel like she's expanded her vocabulary
and I'm delighted
but since the Kardashian clan is sure to
never miss a new headline opportunity
Chloe
hopped on Twitter and tried to pull
Amber's car by saying that she has no
right to speak about her sister who at
17 has her life and business together
when Amber was on a pole at 15 years old
now what I'm not going to do is turn
this into a race issue as far as I'm
concerned we can argue about whether
amber rose as the Cape Verdean is black
just as much as we can argue whether
they're Kardashians as our main Ian's
have the right to call themselves women
of color if you feel like it is a class
issue clearly for Khloe to equate a
young girl who grew up in South Philly
in a poor family her sister who I
personally don't feel like Kylie has her
 together
I mean Kylie does have businesses she's
clearly making way more money than I am
sitting here talking to a camera lens
but she's born with a silver spoon she
comes from a very wealthy famous family
it's like it was handed to her what is
Kylie actually famous for I guess her
weave clippings are cute she getting the
same Chinese hair we can get on
Aliexpress I mean if you lips is really
a thing where my check it
I feel like Khloe Kardashian as I
sweet it can take that silver spoon out
her mouth before she starts trying to
throw shade as someone else about being
on a pole girl wasn't even that the big
master all this is that this is not the
battle for Kanye for Kim for Khloe
Kourtney if we ever hear from her Kylie
the other one Kendall nor M amber to
fight the one who really needs to be
sticking up and standing up here is
Tigger who also didn't interview with
The Breakfast Club and said absolutely
nothing of value nothing he talked in
circles he's dumb I don't get why he's
relevant mostly he made some comment
about black woman I was so bored and so
over the interview and was just rolling
my eyes the whole time that I missed it
and I didn't care to go back and really
the interview to finally began so I'm
gonna take you out word for it he
strikes me as ignorant and he's not cute
I don't get it
the mother of rosebud was in Trinidad
for Carnival sipping her on a thorough
cocktail ready to wine and plans so she
was doing all the direct I will at you
ish shade at Khloe Kardashian and let
her know that we are in the same boat
sweetie
now do i I definitely do think amber it
was out-of-pocket for calling um Kim or
implying that Kim was a whore but it was
kind of like a self-deprecating and that
she cost she said well if I'm a whore
that y'all a whore too
I get that that was not correct but in
this whole situation
Chloe hadn't had no right to step in and
say anything there was no shade thrown
at any of her and her family and all the
amber Rose's tweets was hilarious
hashtag don't panic which happens to be
a French Montana saw girl I had to
google it to don't have us in the French
Montana I feel like amber completely
encapsulated best for her final tweet to
Chloe with I'm done dragging this bitch
lesson of the day children please don't
try mother cuz I will humble you perfect
encapsulation you know it's gonna be
controversial right now that chicka and
Kylie are dealing with each other but
now we're all talking about them I
really was not that concerned with
taking and Kylie
relationship no I don't think it's right
her mama cosign in it then I guess he's
clearly up in the house with them keying
it up so it's like the family knows
about now that they're in the press all
that everyone's talking about them you
know they can start going out together
and they'll have opportunities it's more
visibility and up to her brand value and
Chris will flip it to make that family
more money so we're all just feeding
into the Machine here it's Chris that
we're really kind of took everything
over the edge is when Kanye then turned
around and sighed that on a did an
interview with The Breakfast Club and it
just felt like they were kissing his ass
so hard but you know for all the tough
talk and that Charlamagne has to do he
really kind of walked the line with
Kanye which was surprising because he
hasn't in the past he was rude he's
definitely a Gemini and he can recreate
reality in his head and really believe
what he's saying but why would you sit
there and say that you had to take 30 Y
30 showers before and would even get
with you late this could have been
handled in a way better situation he
clearly also approved to the
relationship but why are you on
the woman like that like why are you
trying to shave her leg you basically
you're implying that Amber was dirty but
you you you picked her you never mean
she and now you're doing the same thing
you did with Amber with Kim so it's kind
of interesting I think you know and why
I feel like amber implied that Kim and
Kanye are good for each other perfect
for each other because they both are
using each other I don't know I don't
believe that that relationship is
actually built on love
more so than is to go on opportunity and
image and feeding into the image that
each other has of themselves you know
when you're done with her is it gonna be
the same thing over again because you
have definitely upped her value what I
don't get is why the breakfast club
edited out part of the interview that
everybody heard on the radio where he
said that Kylie
and Tigger are really in love but then
and then I'll time if it turns around
and says that tick is smart he got here
early and to imply that this is a smart
move on tickets part because he got in
early it's a very manipulative and
misogynistic statement on Kanye's part
and it's just a bad decor it's very
tackle it's like Kanye was widely out of
bounds yes he came on a little bit more
humble he didn't refer to himself in
third person as much you know he talked
in complete sentences without getting
frustrated but you know even if he
giggles and smirks about it a
misogynistic statement besides just a
statement it was rude as fun Calle is
out of touch I'm not impressed and we
can carry on let me know your thoughts
in the situation in the comments down
below be sure to thumbs up this video it
helps so much if you're not already
subscribed enjoy the smart brown girl
movement as always thanks for a while
Kim yay whatever they thought her so
cute though I'm interested to see what
kind of plastic soda she's gonna get oh
yeah that was so dumb when Kanye was
like his daughter has a potential to
have Kim's body I mean she does the
family pocket Arjun is awesome but
