guys is Josie and I am super excited to
do this video I'm actually a little
nervous but I have gotten my African
ancestry results in the mail and I am
going to read through my adults with you
guys I open the envelope and pull this
out but I don't know I haven't read
anything else I haven't opened it I
don't know what ethnicity I am I'm low
key and maybe hiking a little bit
nervous about this because I've gotten
so many comments it's moving to Houston
about people thinking that I am Evo now
I'm almost positive that's not what the
results are going to be because I am
female and I did the maternal lineage
test on this because I can only trace
back on my mother's mother's mother's
mother's line I'm gonna have to get my
brother to do it to trace back both
sides of the family um and hopefully
I'll get around to doing that soon but
it takes six to eight weeks for this to
process see in a couple of months I'll
have results for the full family but
most of the features that the people
people most of the features I am
tripping over my words most of the
features that people say um that I have
that they would attribute to me being
ebo are my cheeks and my lips and those
are both from my dad's side of the
family
so that's why I'm kind of I don't know I
have no clue this is going to be from my
mother's side I will be interviewing the
founder of African ancestry
Gina page 8 February 24th at 4 p.m.
Eastern Standard Time so if you have
comments you want to know how the
process works you just want to know
about being an entrepreneur and getting
into a non mainstream industry or taking
our idea from ideation to production
this is going to be an epic smart brown
girl live Q&A and join in and ask your
questions and we definitely want to
create a very productive dialogue I'm
excited also my houstonians I will be
doing a free event on Saturday March 7th
with the Maya vana app a black haircare
app this is not a natural hair event it
is free please please please come out
and support it it's really really hard
to do free events because people tend to
RSVP and then
not show up so if you guys can come up
come out and show your support then it
allows for more free events to be done
in multiple markets I had to redo my
entire DNA previously I did my 23andme
DNA African ancestry could not use those
results so I did redo the whole thing
but I already know that I am 72 percent
African and 64 percent West African did
your thing though because I went I went
to Florida a week ago and I on my blog
Chinna which you should all go check out
and subscribe to definitely I will have
a video out later this week showcasing
my dad tie the family specifically my
grandmother who is insisted that we are
not descended of slaves she not regular
black she got a whole nother idea about
what our family genealogy is and so
it'll be interesting to see well I guess
it's my dad sided family so this can't
really my child but when I eventually
get my brother to do it it'll be
interesting to see how accurate the tale
that my grandmother tells is to what it
is hi let's open it up I would make sure
it's none of my personal information it
is with great pleasure that I report our
magic clown analysis successfully
identify your maternal genetic ancestry
by analyzing your mitochondrial DNA and
sequence we have determined that you
share maternal genetic ancestry with
t'car people in cameroon toda which I
thought it was it's Oh y'all I don't
know what cheek art is I've never heard
of that ethnicity group though what is
that
below is a copy of your DNA sequence and
using this analysis we have inherited
this segment of DNA through your mother
and it's been passed on consistently
from mother to daughter to you over the
last 500 to 2000 years your sequence
similarity score is a hundred percent
this measure means that you were 100%
confident in your result the bold
letters indicate DNA sequence patterns
that you share with the t'car in close
you will find a certificate of ancestry
that authenticates your maternal
ancestry and a book to understanding and
sharing your results please be sure to
join the African ancestry online
community then you can download a
digital copy of the African ancestry
guide to African history and cultures to
help you learn more about the peoples
and cultures in cameroon you can find
the link
the new from an African ancestry section
okay this has my full name on it so I
will not be showing you the certificate
that I got but yeah it just says well
I'm a hundred percent on my mama side
let's say it says teat hark I don't know
if you could see it in the certificate
to say what I am D car okay so some rugs
are coming up I went to blank wait time
use for several ethnic groups in
Cameroon
there is a single ethnic group called
the t'car who lived in the okay I'm not
finna even they speak the band toy so
this is interesting they speak a Bantu
language called T car so I already knew
from 23andme that my mother's ancestry
goes back to Bantu people which is just
a very generic like most everyone from
sub-saharan Africa from from west to
east are going to have correlations back
to the Bantu people it comes with
coupons I can get more kits
the kit is it's a little expensive but I
feel like for the amount of information
that you get it is really really good
now it's what time is it it's 9:30 where
she's at let me call me mother mom but
to find pictures of t'car people to see
I mean I don't look like my mom's side
of the family though so there's that I
just oh my gosh I just got my African
ancestry results in the mail and it
traces my Linux so guess what ethnicity
your side the family is it's I got my it
says my maternal ethnicity it gives me
my maternal lineage Cameroonian t-carr
people from Cameroon yeah it's a
french-speaking country collet was
colonized by the French what no way we
were slaves where we slaves or French
people are you saying we were slaves of
French people I don't know
wonder you know cuz you said you have
the same last name as k.michelle maybe
k.michelle was t-carr - everyone thinks
you're beautiful say hi to everybody
oh where are you I'm in my room
recording a video oh oh I'll call you
back in a little bit let me recording a
video
yes I'm recording a video okay okay it's
1993 we want to buy it because I have a
headache huh nothing I love you I'll
talk to you later all right guys be sure
to join in on the live Q&A you can ask
all your questions there - Gina page the
founder of African ancestry thanks so
much for watching leave your comments
down below be sure to thumbs up if you
haven't already join the smart brown
girl movement and subscribe deuces
you
