now on-air let's ski take a minute for
it to populate on - okay yeah we're live
now yeah so there's definitely a delay
maybe a little weird but we shall get
through this hi guys I'm sure people are
joining with us now so we are doing a
live Q&A with the founder of African
ancestry Gina page is part of my smart
brown girls Q&A series and we are going
to be answering your questions about DNA
technology testing you can ask questions
about my results which I posted on
Saturday was quite exciting me have this
done myself and generally speaking about
entrepreneurship and pursuing your
dreams as a smart brown girl alright so
the first question I have is what
inspired you to get into genealogy
research well you know I I don't
consider myself a genealogy researcher
we really are in the identity business
and you know our focus is helping people
to transform the way they view
themselves as well as the way they view
Africa I was inspired to do that really
from a business perspective my business
partner is an African American
geneticist and he had this research it
was his dream to find out where he was
from and then to make this information
available to all people and so when we
were introduced
I saw it as an opportunity to one use
the skills that I had developed to
provide a service a product / service
that has never existed before ever to a
group of people that I'm passionate
about so that was really the motivation
for me
you know I I'm not really big into
genealogy my I have genealogists and my
families but genealogy research isn't
something that I personally had a
passion for but I do think that knowing
where you're from is critically
important to knowing who you are and so
that in and of itself helped push me to
make sure that this information could be
available to everyone
interesting what resources did you use
to take your idea into a full-fledged
business there's a lot of resources so
we had the database
dr. kiddos already had the database of
lineages that we used we financed the
business with our own money we invested
about twelve hundred dollars to get
started mm-hmm yeah we did everything
virtually and and the core our core
competency is that database which
already existed and then you know I come
from a corporate marketing background I
have lots of friends and colleagues who
provide the different types of services
that we needed to launch so I have you
know I have friends who are graphic
designers I have friends who are account
managers I have friends who our
accountants I have friends who I you
know do all sorts of things and so I
really relied on the resources within my
network hmm to help get the business
started do you think there are resources
that people often overlook in trying to
pursue their own business well I think
people probably do a good job or at
least I would hope people do a good job
of going online and looking at the
resources that are outlined you know
like the SBA and the local business
development corporation off
and those sort of standard places that
give you the framework for starting a
business but you know it's also very
important to look at would you already
have you know a lot of us already have
much of what it takes to get this done
and so really looking at your network
like I did who do I know anyone who does
this do I know anyone who may know
someone who does this and people who
know you and people who love you are
going to be passionate about what you're
passionate about because they want to
see you succeed so so I find it's often
very useful to leverage what's closest
to you first this is true so just to
clarify the SBA is the Small Business
Association how how does one find the
SBA in their city well you can go to I
think it's sba.gov you can also go to
the library the public libraries usually
have information or if you're in a big
enough city your library branch may have
an SBA person who come specifically to
that branch have you had any Mentors
yeah I mean I've had mentors all along
the way so I had mentors in college I
had mentors in business school I've had
professional mentors in in the workplace
I've had mentors just within my family
and my family friends and then I've even
had been part of a formal mentoring
programs where professional women are
paired with other senior senior level
women for professional development and
mentoring so I've used relied on mentors
very heavily throughout my career so how
did you go about well if you can provide
tips for others who are seeking mentors
and what their expectations should be
because I get a lot of questions often
about people having trouble finding
mentors know not having asking people to
be their mentor not
either not getting an answer or people
because of time constraints I'm telling
them no it's I think there might be a
loss message there with exactly what
should the expectation of a mentor be
and how one can go about actually
finding one yeah I think that's a really
great question I would say one you have
to be very clear about your expectations
what you want from a mentor and then
talk to the potential person about what
it is you want from them and how can you
narrow that down because like you said
we're all busy you know being tenacious
being persistent is another thing that
you should be but we're all very busy
and and there's no time for anything but
if you are if you're asking a specific
thing of a person it's much easier like
I'm let me think of an example I'll use
corporate America for it as an if that's
the first thing that comes to my hair
cuz lord knows we need mentors when
we're in those situations but you know
I'm I need help navigating navigating my
workplace because I'd like to position
myself for a promotion that's very
specific can you help me identify the
steps I should take to position myself
for promotion so if you ask people for
their advice on a specific topic they
may be more inclined to help you out
with that specific thing and then you
know it's very clear what you're
expecting of them what you and what they
can what they can expect to deliver and
then I think that that might help sort
of lay the foundation for a relationship
I think it's important to be accountable
so if you do find a mentor making sure
that you follow up when you say you're
going to follow up follow up how yours
how you say you're going to follow up
making sure that you make it as easy as
possible for them
to guide you because again you know
they're doing you a favor in some sense
they're sharing part of their precious
time resource limited time resource and
so you want to make it as easy as you
can for them and then the last thing
which I actually our said first probably
is being persistent there are times when
there I want to help people and I'm just
so busy that I forget or it slides down
on my to-do list and just a gentle
reminder hey I'm have you had a chance
to look at what I sent you it just
buried untold reminders are very helpful
and I appreciate them
with regards to African ancestry
how have you overcome criticism about
the validity of your testing we've
overcome criticism about the validity of
our testing with our science I mean our
work has been peer reviewed our
scientific director is a world-renowned
geneticist and so our results speak for
themselves and our research and
preparation speaks for itself one of the
things I do do though is try to really
get at the real criticism because often
the the criticisms about validity aren't
based aren't coming from a place of
really criticizing the validity those
people tend to not see any validity in
the idea of Brett flack and brown people
knowing where they're from and so I try
to address with at the core of the
criticism often rather than the actual
criticisms themselves
can you talk briefly about what the
actual testing that African ancestry
does is and kind of end it with what the
best options are for what someone's
looking for like the full scope of their
family history well the thing is Jules
is that there isn't one test out there
that's going to tell everybody
everything they want to know with the
proliferation of shows and the
popularity of the PBS series and who do
you think you are
and all of that the the live the lines
have gotten blurred people see something
on TV and think that they can go to one
test and get all those answers and they
can there's not one test that's going to
give you your family tree plus we're in
Africa you come from plus a mix of what
different ancestries you have each
company offers some portion of that but
no one company can give you all of that
at points so what we offer and our main
products are - there's a maternal test
called the metric lien test that looks
at one branch of your family tree that's
it it's not looking at everybody and
your family is looking at one branch
your mother's mother's mother's mother's
mother's money and it identifies where
in the world that ancestry is found when
the ancestry is African we are still the
only company that can place that
ancestry in a present-day country as
well as an ethnic group as you saw from
your results those results are the same
for everyone on that branch of the
family tree so your children your
grandchildren your brothers and sisters
your mother your eyes your uncle's your
cousin's your grandmother everybody in
the family reunion who comes from that
branch of the family tree shares those
results the second test that we offer is
the Patrick lien test it traces a
paternal line father - father - father -
father on back and and the timeframe for
analyses is 500 to 2,000 years and again
looks at where in the world it's found
when it's Africa gets super specific we
offer a third test which is an admixture
test and that doesn't look at a single
branch of your family tree it looks at
your entire genetic family tree if you
will and tell us what percentage of
different ancestries you have but that
test that we offer isn't specific beyond
continental break down so it's
sub-saharan Africa it's European its age
it's indigenous American it's not going
to tell you Nigeria Angola France Italy
it doesn't get that specific so we are
the most beneficial for someone who
believes they have African ancestry in
their family and knows you know has an
idea of where that African ancestry is
found in terms of their mother's line or
their father's line and wants to know
where specifically in Africa that
ancestry is back
what about for those of us wondering
about our Native American ancestry for
for those of us for those of you
wondering about your Native American
ancestry our test can confirm that
Native American ancestry exists if it's
there but we don't have a database of
Native American lineages so we can't
provide you with whether it's Choctaw or
Seminole or whatever and what I'll tell
you too is that when we trace maternal
lines the people who take our test
primarily are people of African descent
we only find Native American ancestry in
about 2% of the cases on the maternal
line so we really don't find Native
American ancestry as much as our family
folklores would lead us to believe that
it exists so I as a female because I
took your patriarchal it symmetrical iam
magic land I took the matrix and one I
took the DNA link as well but I didn't
get the results for that okay you with
the deep my DNA mix yeah I think but I
never I haven't gotten the emails okay
I was more concerned about the African
okay and because we had this interview
coming up I want it to get those are the
results that I was a turbulent but as a
female if I believe the Native American
is on my father's side I believe
anything is on my father's side when any
portion of I know the mantra clans are
going to tell me what with my DNA mix
tell me your meat your DNA mix I'll tell
you if you have any nail
but it won't tell you where so let's say
you come back with ten percent Native
American ancestry mm-hmm it's not going
to tell you whether it's on your
mother's side or your father's side none
of these tests do no no companies test
admixture test will tell you that you
just will know that 10% of your family
tree is Native American but you have no
way of parsing out the tribe or where in
your family at Falls how is African
ancestry different from 23andme or
ancestry com testing we're different
because our results are more specific so
we have the largest database of
indigenous African lineages in the world
we have over 33,000 lineages which is
what enables us to get very specific the
other companies have not publicly at
least to my knowledge publicly disclose
the size of their African lineage simple
sizes and so but from what we know from
you know sort of behind-the-scenes stuff
that they're their databases pair pale
in comparison there are several other
ways that were different that's the
major way the second way is that we're
black owned they're not the third way is
that we have a world-renowned scientist
who happens to be African American and
as an act and expert in African lineages
neither of the other companies has a
single African American geneticist in
there so in their staff the other thing
is that while we're privately held just
dr. Kittles and I own the company and we
have never taken any outside investments
to grow the company ancestry.com was
bought by a private equity firm for like
six hundred million dollars a few years
ago and and DNA testing isn't their
primary line of business so their
primary line of business is their
subscription-based service offering you
access to government records so you can
research your genealogy and the DNA
portion is really something that they
subsidize at a very low cost to the
consumer to bring you into their family
23andme
they they also are not focused on really
ancestry that's not their main line of
business they they are trying to build a
repository of DNA from their consumers
so that they can research it and provide
research to you know whoever down the
line so we were we remain solely focused
on helping people of African descent
understand their roots all right so I
have one last question and I think we're
scheduled to end at 3:30 whoops okay
we'll do it 10 extra minutes so we can
the audience is there's questions in the
box without talking too much interests
in what you have to say so it's called
so my last question is it worthwhile
from someone who is a direct African
ethnicity or they believe they are like
their first or second generation
Nigerian organ a an American to take
this test you know I think that's a
personal decision for me and for us our
our mission is to help people who have
no understanding of their connection to
Africa but certainly anyone can take the
test and and often there are people who
are first or second generation Africans
from specific countries who know that
their families have migrated from other
places and so they think oh well maybe I
should take the test to find out where
my ancestry was farther back so you know
it's a personal decision I can't say
that they shouldn't I think everyone
should take the test everybody take the
test but I don't know that we'll tell
them anything much different from what
they already know so the 500 to 2,000
years that's where your result lies so
when I got my results and they say that
I'm t-carr from Cameroon what what does
that really mean
that means that prior to the
transatlantic slave trade
there was a Cameroonian woman on your
maternal line it means that today there
are people walking around Cameron who
self-identified
being t'car who have the same
mitochondria assay the same portion
ancestry portion of your mitochondrial
DNA that you do okay and we gave you a
sequence similarity score and so that
told you I'm one hundred five hundred
percent so that means we found identical
matches there are people living in
Cameroon today who have identical
portions of your mitochondrial DNA so
that doesn't necessarily mean that my
family as slaves came from Cameroon it
just means that because the slave trade
was what three four hundred years ago
right so most likely your your your
maternal ancestor you know that woman
mm-hmm
several generations ago was a
Cameroonian woman okay
I was asking this because I know I know
the ethnicity they will think I am but
historically speaking that even the term
like Evo daily come in a context like
five hundred years ago that wasn't a
term that was used so I'm wondering how
the kind of ethnic identities that are
available to African Americans break
down to ethnicities that we know of
today or how people identify ethnically
today right and so our database that the
African lineage database that we use was
compiled it's starting in the early 90s
mm-hmm okay
those people were people who self
reported as being their families being
indigenous to that country and belonging
to that ethnic group okay you know what
we're giving you is is very restore term
but it is today and you're living there
I'm going to take some comments from the
audience thank you guys for tuning in I
love all my smartphone girls and guys
somebody missed Friday 21 was to know if
the test is only available in the u.s. a
because she's in the Netherlands and
most of my a good swath of my audience
is not in America
so is this test available
internationally it absolutely is we saw
all of our tests online
and we have people African ancestry
family members from all over the world
South American countries European
countries Asian countries countries in
the Middle East so yes as long as
there's mail delivered to where you live
you can get a test there's no I know
that America starting states have a DNA
restriction for DNA being sent via the
mail we haven't experienced any problems
when I did my 23andme test I could not
mail it back in the state of Maryland I
didn't think about that because I live
in Texas I can mail it back but I
because I lived on the Maryland border
when I was in DC okay somebody is
outside got in this rage monster is
asking and quite a few people commented
on it on the video that I put up that
they don't have any living male family
members so they can't do ray Rogers
specifically asking that she cannot if
she can still do the paternal testing
you definitely need Wow okay so you
don't have to have necessarily have
living male family members so if you if
there's no you know if you don't if your
father's not living or he didn't have
any brothers who had sons or you don't
have any brothers you know if you've
exhausted all of the possibilities if
your father had sisters who had children
you could trace your father's mother's
mine so you could still get some sense
of ancestry on your father's side it
would just be through your grandmother
and not through your grandfather that
makes any sense also you can have a
grandparent on your paternal side take
the test well no so you need to trace
maternal ancestry you need a descendant
of your grandmother so that could be
your father or any of his sisters or
brothers okay your father's sister's
children okay available father's
father's side of the family right okay
this this once you start running out the
branches he gets real life yeah yeah
and we're happy to talk to anybody
through email or by phone if they have
questions about ok who's living today
that can take the test it would be
worthwhile for results.that pretending
I'm so quite a few questions about what
made you get into this but we talked
about that at the beginning so you guys
can scroll back once the co Q&A is over
and check out that response Jennifer
wants to know do you feel this is a
business significant for students who
are studying English and/or African
American Studies to be aware of
absolutely in fact I just did a
presentation yesterday at Rutgers
University and in Newark New Jersey near
Newark campus and it was it was
sponsored in part by the Africana
Studies department and this five
students took the test
they won the test through a contest and
we revealed their results and it was
fascinating the responses I mean
everybody in the whole place was excited
there were African students there to
help celebrate with the American
students who were finding out and it
offers another form of connection right
so now you're at you have a different
kind of connection with people that
you've been going to class with but you
had no idea even existed it's a it's an
awesome opportunity for us to look at
each other differently this really helps
to spark a new type of conversation ok
love coffee and me wants to know if
she's a mixed-race does she only begin
in the african-american parent tested
yes and you yourself love coffee you
should take the test you know I mean
again this is for this information is
for people who don't know where they're
from so if you have a parent or a family
member that isn't african-american
chances are they know where they're from
they can use their last name they can
use ancestry.com they can use Ellis
Island records they think their family
history may have already been passed
down the only reason why we're doing
this is because there are no records for
as brown people prior to 1870 and so we
have no other choice but if you if you
aren't of African descent there are much
easier ways to learn more and less
expensive ways to learn more about your
family history can you explain the price
of the kit I didn't questions if I
wanted a toast is so expensive well you
know I why is this so expensive why do
beats by dre cost $2.99 why is it
cheapest coach bagg online 328 how much
do you pay for a pair of Air Jordans
this the value is you get what you pay
for but you get what it's worth to you
the this test the results are the same
for everybody in your family it's
creating a legacy so that future
generations come into this world knowing
where they're from having a sense of
place having a sense of belonging not
having that void that has caused all
sorts of problems for us culturally and
socially in my opinion so I don't see it
as expensive the same you know just as
many people say oh that's all it cost I
thought it would be a thousand dollars I
thought it would be two thousand dollars
I think you just have to look at it
relative to what how important it is to
you it doesn't not work to 99 to you
then you shouldn't get it you know it's
just that simple but by dre they're
gonna last you a couple years you're
going to get the next iPad or the next
Android phone so you know those kind of
questions to me are I mean you know why
does anything cost what it costs really
we we have a niche service we offer an
invaluable set of information for people
who find it important how does this test
work from those who are from the
Caribbean like Haiti works the same way
because when we were taken from the
shores of Western Central Africa and
brought across the Atlantic we weren't
just brought here to the United States
we were taken to South America and all
throughout the Caribbean so we have lots
of people who take the test who's who
are Haitian or who are Jamaican or who
from cooler from the dr puerto rican
whatever it is it works exactly the same
anyways
to the Afro whatever in the Latin world
is big no siren an okay right there you
know I want to say one more thing about
the price you could pay $99.00 to some
of the other companies but they're not
going to tell you rate that that you're
from this group in this country they're
most likely going to tell you that
you're African and so you know one could
argue I would you pay $99 to find out
something that you already know right so
this test is it just gonna link you back
to West African and the cities it is our
North African East African and obviously
I guess all of African ethnicities are
they is there a dead yeah our database
has 40 countries on forty African
countries so we don't have all the
countries but the majority of our the
majority of our focus is on countries
from western central Africa because as
descendants of the transatlantic slave
trade that's where our ancestor eats in
that's why our ancestors were prior to
the slave trade we found results in 27
different countries so we do have East
African countries in our database we
have a few South African countries in
our database
not too many North African countries but
again that's not where most people of
African descent during that time period
came from so I'm assuming here like like
Morocco Libya Algeria those countries
won't be in the database they are not
and actually you can go on our website
and see which countries and ethnic
groups are represented in the database
so I think a lot of questions are
centering around people are comments at
least about how because when you give
our results you give the modern-day
country right mm-hmm results are from
2,500 years ago I think they were kind
of confused about you know they they
feel like the modern lot the modern
countries are were arbitrarily drawn by
the Europeans yeah they absolutely were
and how but so the question is how can
DNA change between political borders
specifically how can
a change between East and West Africa
because a lot of people the common
belief is that Africans pretty much all
migrated from like East across to West
Africa right so the DNA doesn't change
across borders again we have to tell you
we have to base the analysis on
something so we are basing the analysis
on the information that we have today
and so the people in who are in our
African lineage database they're living
in these present-day countries once you
learn about the groups and once you
learn about the history of how groups
moved across the continent then you know
that certain groups migrated from
certain places but the question that
we're trying to answer is where were my
ancestors before the slave trade and
given the time period the these
present-day borders now these were not
the borders necessarily then but that's
what it's called today and so that's
information we provide people were
commenting because t-carr supposedly is
on the border of Southeast Nigeria right
are assuming that there's still a
possibility that we right ambitious that
we found the matches among t'car living
in Cameroon but certainly if your tea
car and their tea car in Nigeria those
are going to be your cousin's so your
Nigerian family can certainly claim you
okay and someone wants to know what they
do with the information after they
receive their results you know there are
lots of different things you could do a
Google hangout and share them with the
world
you can people travel to the country of
ancestry people start philanthropic
efforts in the countries that they share
ancestry with people learn the languages
people join associations here in the
states that that are made up of
immigrants from those countries it's
really impactful for people with
children because our children go to
school with a multicultural environment
where they celebrate International Day
or ancestry day and so this really helps
to give our children a sense of place
and belonging in their schools so there
are lots of different things that people
people lobby Congress on behalf of
issues that affect the country that they
share ancestry with lots of different
things okay well I think that's it for
the questions I'm going to thank you so
much for joining in and allowing us to
ask you questions and just being an
awesome smart brown girl I think I'm
gonna have my dad take it to trace both
his maternal take my brother to do it
but now that I've talked to you it's
like okay my dad I'll do it and then I
can you know have a comprehensive look
at my family this is really interesting
I love ya well thank you for having us
and sharing this with your with the
other smart brown girls and guys around
the world and anybody who has any
questions that weren't answered please
feel free to to shoot us an email or
give us a call all right thank you as
always you can follow me on twitter you
can follow Gina page African ancestry on
Twitter as well the website is African
ancestry com I think for Black History
Month there's a coupon
there's a sale happening yes you don't
even need a coupon dish there's just a
discounted price off for the rest of the
month so alright thank you
how about Ron take care
