hello guys it is dude liam is smart
brown girl third day I hope even though
I'm not in the video with my shirt on I
hope you are watching with your smart
brown girl t-shirt on I have been
working on getting out kids and
plus-size shirts and now - coming soon
oh not so much work but I do it for all
my smart brown girls so let's get into
this you might be looking at the title
like what is this about when everything
is wrong and nothing is right this topic
is inspired by the emails and the
questions that I also get on the ask fm
page where you can ask me questions
anonymously even though I'll probably
reply with dry hands I'm a girl
um I've seen a trending questions where
people are emailing me and asking me for
advice on their line situations they're
going through and they're like at the
bottom of the barrel they're frustrated
with everything and they've done
everything they can do and ain't no one
right for them ain't nothing they can do
more like they hate they job they hate
where they live or not cool with a
family ain't got no friends it's like
negative negative negative negative
negative Josie do you see any light in
this situation you can help me with and
it's like you know it is interesting to
see how people can kind of quantify
these experiences where everything
they've done everything and it ain't
nothing left for them to do and you know
how similar above a feeling and emotion
it is cross you know a spectrum of
people even though they each feel like
there's nothing out there for them I
feel like it's much easier for me to
discuss this topic and give some - oh
this is not always gonna be advice
because trust you me I don't have the
answer to everything but give you points
that you can think on points of
discussion that maybe would help you in
situation and we can always kind of
build from there and also you know it's
just about encouraging a conversation
where on my smart brown girls and guys
can leave their comments and you know we
can build off of each other so the first
thing I wanted to discuss is the power
of perspective and I think so often this
is something that we overlook we get so
caught up in our frustration
in our situation because we've thought
through everything we've worked through
everything we've done everything we can
do and there really is nothing else that
anyone can input into the situation
through kind of taking a step back and
instead of looking at things through a
negative lens trying to find the
positivity that does exist in your life
and building from that space you know I
think it was Abraham Lincoln who said
when you look for the evil in man you
will find the evil in them and so if
you're going through day to day life
with an 8 9 right
ain't nothing we're gonna be right this
sucks this sucks I suck you know those
are the only things that you're gonna be
aware of that is going to be your
perspective on life and so if I just
suggest that you take a step back you
clear your mind and this is not clearing
your mind through substances it's not
getting drunk or you know smoking weed
or having even having a glass of wine
doing this it's about doing this without
the aid of any substances and really
taking your time you know you need to do
a breathing exercise 10 deep breath tour
and then meditating is always great you
know prayer verbal affirmations whatever
it is that works best for you you know
find that space and then you know as I
said in my last video on maintaining and
keeping a journal you know this is a
great exercise to do in your journal
it's write down all the things that
you're grateful for especially if you're
well people who thinks that everything
is just messed up in your life you are
the biggest person that needs to sit
down and write down everything that
you're grateful for and there's always
that one person that thinks that you
know there is nothing to be grateful for
I don't have anything good going on for
my life and yeah you do you know the
fact that you can you have that train of
thought you have the ability to even
think that and you have the
self-awareness to know that there might
be something you need to change in your
situation because of our perspective we
might be overlooking areas of
opportunity in our life that we didn't
even realize weren't there Fillie you
wouldn't even think about what is your
role in the situation and this place
directly into your perspective as well I
think that you are this great awesome
person that deserves all these things
and you've done everything and you
haven't gotten anything that you
deserved in return whether it's finding
real friends whether it's finding isn't
this thing
there whether it is a career a job we
didn't take a step back and think are
you giving or are you doing these things
in a space where they can return to you
in any form because a lot of times we do
and we give with the expectation that's
going to come back in the same way that
we do and we give and don't lend
ourselves to the fact that everybody
lives and thinks and emotes on different
wavelengths so in order for things to
manifest for you or happen for you you
have to be in a space that you can
receive it in any form there might be
different friendships that can manifest
that you would never be aware of if
you're not open to receiving all the
goodness and it's different for
certainly when I think about how I've
come to have these great friendships I
realized that they didn't happen
overnight you know
you know my closest friends I've been
friends with over you know 10 plus years
but you know two or three of those years
we were just acquaintances or there
might have been spaces within that
friendship where we didn't talk for a
couple months or even a a couple of
years and you know it was like a growing
experience we all my friendships there
has been points with with each offended
each other we've each been upset with
each other and we've learned how to
navigate that space and I don't know
when the tipping point happened but I
think part of our mutual maturation has
been learning to ask open-ended
questions learning how to be able to
have discussions without judgment you
know I have an opinion on everything but
my opinion is it always need to be
voiced
and rather than voicing my opinion
explicitly I've learned that I can ask
kind of questions you know like well are
you doing this because of where you
think it's something else and giving
them the opportunity to explain
themselves and you know a lot of times
because I feel like you know me and my
friends are at a place where we're all
equally yoked I can learn a lot from
them in this discussion even if I'm just
talking to them about their situation
you know if you know and asking these
questions something might come about the
you know I'm like you know I do that -
I've never thought about that or yeah
that's so interesting because I was
feeling like this and you know we build
off of each other and it's a it's a
circular friendship it'll take a lot of
time it's a very vital part of your
friendship where you can self moderate
or you can catch your
and it doesn't have to be you know your
friend pushing back and being like yo
chill all the time you're doing too much
that you can kind of learn and you're
you're so capable of listening and
hearing what your friends saying that
you can catch yourself when you're doing
too much
it's regards to like this idea of
friends you have to be clear with
yourself about whether or not you really
want friends in the first place
especially for those who have found
themselves in new situations or new city
isn't really a friendship that you're
looking for it'd be quite honest finding
friends outside of school so once you
graduate college or even high school or
whatever it's very difficult and I'd
have to acknowledge the older I get the
less I really want to make new friends
and so I can't sit here and be like oh
you know I'm lonely cuz I don't have any
friends it's like well do I really even
want a friend like it's not what I want
maybe I just want social acquaintances
maybe I just want girlfriends to Kiki
with maybe I just want somebody with
happy out with that's not really a
friend oh this goes back to the power of
perspective make sure what you thinking
about is actually what it is you know
you might be out here talking about man
I ain't got no friends and you ain't got
no friends cuz that's not what you
actually want yo like dealing with
people you've got your friends back home
you like your friends what you want is a
social circle you want this means to
kind of float and move about freely and
that might not necessarily be conducive
for building new friendships quickly
what you really need to think about is
moving outside of your locale but not
necessarily having to move in the
physical sense you know we get so caught
up about jobs that we hate I never
really pretty good tell people to quit
because that's not the life that
everyone can live everyone doesn't have
the financial or the family means to do
that but you know looking at your
resources in utilizing the Internet to
make things happen I won I don't know
people to feel like in order to do what
they want to do that they have to live
in a specific city to do that that's not
feasible for a lot of people I will
never advise anybody to move to New York
City not to say that you won't love it
because I love it but it is very hard to
deliver and if you don't have the
financial means to do like the big-city
living and you
you live in a smaller town I think
there's plenty of opportunity to
cultivate that space and be the big fish
in a little pond you know really own
where you are make your location cool
you can do this through resources it
does take work and ain't fittin to be
easy but just log off Instagram stop
comparing yourself to other people's
visual lives because I think they
realize it's a visual life and you know
you can use google.com I mean I don't
people think I'm rude but I'm always
that girl Google but especially if you
want to change your career you want to
start a company and you want to start
your own blog you know find people that
you admire find people who you like what
you do and Google them look how they
started go back in their history see
what they did and just don't spend so
much time watching them put stuff into
action the best way to learn is through
experience and if you're holding
yourself back because you think these
are all these stocks for you to start
things really what's happening is you're
thinking so Bigley that you can't see
the small stuff that's gonna take for
you to get there and you're not saying
this small steps that you can take right
now to work towards your dream you know
I think the Internet is a great resource
rather than using Instagram or any sort
of social media as a way to compare
yourself to someone else use it as a way
to connect to other people you guys are
going to join the conversation be a
champion of a movement start a movement
you know start a blog write for other
people you know there are so many
resources and outlets for you to do
these things that there is no matter
where you live in the world you
literally can make it happen if you at
least have the access to the internet a
bonus tip and this is not gonna be
everybody's cup of tea but what has
helped me a lot especially in my moments
of frustration I'm a big fan of Sam
Reynolds who's an astrologer I have
featured here on my youtube channel when
I went to the situation it's practice
time with a fuck-boy I definitely got a
three months birth chart reading
personally I love in my life where I
feel like is going through a
transitional period and then there's not
they don't have a lot of clarity and
they can't make up their minds they seem
to be stuck in a rut I have convinced
them to go and book appointments with
Sam and $65 for 30 minutes brother does
not like I start talking
astrology my brother entirely 120% he
will tune all the way out but he really
really appreciated talking to Sam he's
like I really like him he's really
intelligent and he really felt a lot
better about things
post talking to him they'll help you
find areas where you can focus your
energy on areas that you might need to
be wary of and then it's sometimes just
reaffirms thing that you already know
about yourself but you're entirely
ignoring it you know I'm definitely in a
space where technically like I don't
love much because I really stay in the
house by myself all day and you know it
is lonely and I'm you know I'm working
towards something greater here and I've
been able to keep my kind of level of
clarity and level-headedness largely
because of that call that I had with Sam
and you know other things that I have
been working on since then and also you
know obviously my faith in God is always
gonna sit at the top of those things
however you know if you're open to it I
would definitely suggest um how would I
say I'm you can check my video with him
he answers a lot of questions
specifically around religion and kind of
his methodology and how he does things
so I will link all of that down below
okay so I want you to let me know has
there ever been a circumstance where you
thought it was really you thought you
know things were never gonna change and
they did and let us know what you did to
make things change now here we are today
so bring smart Brown ground Thursdays
you can follow me on Twitter where every
Thursday I do a smart brown girl chat
usually around 1 p.m. eastern standard
time I try switch it up for my
international folk you can cop your
smart brown girl shirt and if you are
feeling you know these discussions on
emotions and mental health definitely
pick up my book she send it on it's a
collection of short stories about the
evolution of a young girl into her
womanhood as always thanks for watching
I'm fascinated by her I'm fascinated
that her parents really didn't name her
glozell and they named her sister di
mezzo Dion's ol however you pronounce it
they were real committed to the
you
