hi guys its Josie oh you know girl we
always run the halay but we are here for
another get ready with me I don't even
have everything I need
Wow boy let's get ready with me let's
reposition ourselves oh you see my
little my old shopping cart in the back
there we don't really want to see all
that yeah but we're just gonna see more
of it boxes in the background I bought a
shopping cart because I don't have a car
that's for me when I go to the grocery
store I'm about to get ready to go to
the grocery store if that's what we hear
for Nia but first let me put this wig on
my head I'm like a trendy youtuber now
cuz I got me some uni you nice you name
so I just watched it oh where did I put
the part at okay sis what are we doing
here Wow oh my gosh where's your
forehead pull it back we need a mirror
where's the mirror gets the mirror so I
got the Brazilian deep wave hair I
actually really really like to say I've
been wearing it a lot um this is a side
part I don't even know what I was doing
I just washed it because I've been
trying to get that more you know how
like the girls like they have like it
lays flat and I just like clump curls
together that's the look I've been going
for and I like how once you wash this
hair how the curls do Klopp nice deep
wave hair but it actually shipped very
curly and I have a frontal and I believe
the longest length I have is 26:24 22 20
resilient deep wave but the hair I still
have like a whole bundle left a bundle
plus some so I think I'm gonna go in and
add more hair to this because I wanted
it to be thicker like when I was
thinking of getting it I want it really
like thick like you see cardi B's
pregnancy pictures like her you have my
13 pictures i low-key think that's a
closure which is the only way you can
get your hair to be fake because the
front holes are like from ear to ear
right and the frontal calls all way back
here and the frontal supposed to lay
flat so it's gonna lay flat I haven't
used a closure and so longer oh made
this wig miss that I've had to resew it
and this is how much I didn't put back
into the way but I'm gonna find a way to
put this back in but here's what I never
put in to begin with and this is like oh
this is like almost a whole bundle you
see how curly it is this is how curly it
comes and you can't brush it all the way
out I have brushed it all the way out
before I might if I'm feeling fancy
insert some pictures because I wore this
to London when I did the critters for a
change project and I kind of want to do
a middle part that's what I'm feeling
today of course I sat down to record
this video before the Sun sets because I
like running weight and
not throw down a couple I wet it put a
part on it okay basically this is only
two bundles which is a little pedestrian
for it still doesn't look bad like you'd
get away with this I really really
really really like this hair more than I
thought I was gonna like it but you know
I'm into my kinky straight or like
Indian wavy hair but this is like it's
just so easy to throw on
I did cuts away because I have four
bundles and I don't know how people
getting full bundles of hair with a
frontal 1/2 away cap and I still might
wake up still be to be trying to make it
precise like peak mouth I still got a
little work to do cut the waste because
I was like I got an extra bundle so I
can always replace it it does shed I'm
gonna just say a hundred percent but to
me this is like Hurley we are gonna put
the scarf on to get it to lay flat on
top why we do our makeup because we're
going to the grocery store and what are
we about this life we are gonna spend
our last days and Dallas looking like we
give up that's right that's the mission
I understand now why this unit's hair is
so popular when the tube because it
really is some nice hair breath I'm a
complete and total fan my last get ready
with me seemed to really be a good key
mostly because y'all a messy I won't
tell y'all some messy hose let me tell
you first of all I wasn't saying that
the Sheik natural was rude I was asking
if I was rules for like reading her
interpreting her body language and
decided not to say anything because she
look like won't be Baba
so you know but that was interesting
discussion but I'm fascinated people
would unsubscribe from someone because
they're private or you don't know a lot
about them person you know the content
she does isn't really about knowing huh
someone said to me the other day you're
one of the only youtubers they I'm one
of the only youtubers they know that
acts the same in person as I do on
camera and I haven't meaning to do a
video about like social anxiety like a
lot of youtubers do have social anxiety
I for one do not it is not really a
whole lot different about my personality
in real life than how I read on camera
yeah they let will ask it ready with me
was interesting and thank you everyone
who was very kind in the comments and
expressed your concern for how I take my
medication but we're still understanding
without being rude what I find most
annoying about like talking about my
mental health and Tracy Lee it's not
particularly easy for me to discuss my
men
either because I am sensitive about it
as anybody would be but also like I
really despise the people who are like
so have you turned to our Lord and
Savior Jesus Christ this that ish arcs
me more than people were talking about
all if I can by making up cuz I'm just
like first of all I really resent this
idea like I get it I get it I get it I
get it as Christians that y'all believe
that through God you can do anything and
I think that's wonderful it's real cute
maybe I just I'll have the gravitas to
explain that I feel like I've listened
to like a theologians speak about this
about how like you still have to take
care of yourself in the human form like
prayer is not gonna solve everything and
to me regardless of what your religion
is I think prayer is really like I view
prayer as a form of meditation and if
you are dealing with the mental health
issue to the point where you can't even
quiet your own mind yeah me I find it
very offensive to push back against the
person who is seeking medical care for
their mental health and say that they
need to focus on their relationship with
God like what I'm telling you that I am
looking for a therapist and that I am
trying to take my medication and I'm
having issues with it whatever and your
retort to me is I need to work on my
relationship with God oh oh this is the
wrong color Wow
see see okay we're gonna put it on them
mix it together
medium bisque and it's a little too red
Oh where's my right color though where
is that ho at we are just doing this is
I look like I care look to go grocery
shopping it's just gonna be concealer no
foundation and I got me nice little tan
cuz I was out in Miami it wasn't even
cute like that I was in Miami for my
careers for change project filming which
were made and Rondo who were awesome
they were amazeballs
I'm very happy that I work with that
well for now I'm very happy that I work
with them I need to see the final
product
Wow okay I don't have the right color so
let's just go ahead and use I use a
medium beige in LA progress so I need to
do a pop star girl so much has been
going on and I just haven't I keep
saying we'll do them more frequently and
then I look up and it's been two months
and I'm like wow they just take a lot of
time to produce and like to be honest
might get ready let me get the same
amount of views as a Proxmire which I
spend way more time line
I think mostly I need to just be more
consistent on them because when I was
more consistent they did get more views
I be stressed with life and other stuff
I'm work like I have this so many moving
pieces at the moment this year has been
a lot of like working on things behind
the scenes that I can't really give you
an ETA of when that's gonna pop off but
it's a lot of work and it's a lot of
mental space namely working on this
podcast I really really really really
really really really really really would
like to get it out this year and
hopefully that's the track that we're on
but I just don't have an answer right
now and I know I haven't had an answer
for so long but even for me it's like
that it's stressful let's talk about
these McClure twins situations because
that's been one everybody area by people
on my facebook timeline that don't even
really watch no YouTube have been
posting about this and I'm a girl girl
girl now first I want to say I feel like
oh you really care about them like that
like I don't really watch no shade no
tea I don't really watch interracial
couple vlogs on YouTube
I do not feta sized mixed-race
relationships I don't have any problem
with them I think they're great but like
truth be told I like seeing black people
so when I watch wolves I watch amber
Martin and I don't think she'd be doing
nothing all day I waiting for Donovan to
pop up smirk look at her leg he loved
her and I would say a little brother I
want to hear her whole South Carolina
family talk about nothing but I enjoy
the ass side of that because they're a
regular jugular blood flow and I love it
i watch Ashley as told by Ashley I would
be scrolling through to see where she go
and guileless cuz I stay fam guys are
boring I don't think she's proving me
wrong yet but she enjoys it I mostly
watch it to see her enjoy Dallas because
I don't I watch belief in fatherhood
because I love a chocolate family and I
love the chocolate babies I love Uriah
Uriah is my favorite I strive to have
that level of joy and aloofness as that
what is he like for you see how red that
bisque made me it's like a little too
gray I need to go back in with more of
is the right color what we doing is
going to the let's try this does anybody
use the fenty concealer like we all went
for it well I just don't know why people
that I see doing makeup tutorials still
with the concealer the foundation yes
with the concealer not so much I need to
try to get rid some of this right
but back to the poor twins yeah I don't
really watch a lot of the mixed-race
couples because it's just not my cup of
tea I prefer to watch up-and-coming
young black girls because I love seeing
prosperous black girls I kind of just
steer myself to the left of our feta
sizing not even dismissed race
relationship which more so mixed race
children because all it is is about a
proximity to the European standard of
beauty weather is the child's brown or
not we love a blow black girl with silky
hair textures
let's not front like we don't and if
it's kinky it gotta be long and a lot of
it otherwise it needs to be silky with
some baby hairs we love a little black
girl with light colored eyes and I
personally just try to not absorb that
into my space and the age of snapchat
filters and everything pushing us to a
more Europeans theater the beauty again
I want to love my blackness okay you
know what we absorb and the what we
follow matters I don't wanna be a hater
but you're not just over here my corner
not giving you any of my energy that's
what I'm a dribble when it comes to like
the father's racist tweets I'm just love
the kind of concern that way to me it
don't really matter that much like I
don't need to do anything to him because
I don't pay attention to them anyway and
I really feel like what's happening here
is that like what he is wrong yes did he
apologize in a way that I really care
for I mean I'm not the apology police
right I feel like that's something him
and his wife need to work out and I do
feel like people really just enjoy
seeing other people have their downfall
folks are having a little too much fun
right now dragging them down and making
them a topic of conversation but then I
don't understand how you ain't delete
your tweet you know the stuff you was
making you know the direction you was
trying to go just scrub your Twitter
it's not that hard you can't find no
tweet from jewel Z pre 2017 on purpose I
might not even send anything offensive I
don't know I didn't want to give you all
the chance to figure it out for me okay
sorry scrub my Twitter account I'm
probably just gonna scrub my Twitter
account every couple of years not
because I'm on to anything but because
yo that lives on the internet forever
your opinions evolve you grow as a
person I just don't like having that big
of I don't know
like I have a digital imprint on YouTube
so why my deleting my tweets because I
can an ID so I don't know why
Justin Joe whatever his name is didn't
delete his all tweets
well how you get caught out here like
that done I really feel like they
could've cuz I like I know someone the
last video was like Jackie Iona only
issued like a apology via Twitter and
Instagram she should have did a video
apology I personally depending on the
scenario understand why certain content
creators don't do like a video format
especially when it gives people more
fodder to create more content around a
situation where you messed up it's like
look I'm I own myself I'm on my mistake
but I'm not giving y'all a way to profit
off of my mistake you got me all the way
messed up so I'm kind of surprised not
surprised but I don't know especially
considering their situation why they
felt the need to do a video involving
the children about his old tweet and
then in the video girl by the way I
really love this Chrissy Teigen by Becca
palette I bought it with my own money
breath if I was only gonna pack one
pilot it would absolutely be this cuz I
use an eye shadow a blush a contour and
a highlight I get so much bang for my
buck out of it but then they do this
video they involved the kids which I
already just thought was like not
necessary and then they'd like spill
their own cheese like how you brew and
then spill your own ain't nobody to know
that oh boy is not the biological father
and them little girls that wasn't for
know by business it just was like I
don't understand why you thought it was
a viable argument to say that you didn't
know him in this era you cuz his tweets
go too late 2014 I just I just felt like
they they caused themselves more trouble
more harm than good by doing that video
I do not understand but this is why I
keep my family vlog it's a belief in
fatherhood and the chocolate babies okay
where I keep my ethics consistent and I
let y'all live while y'all out here
fetes eyes into the proximity to
European centers of beauty okay I was
like shot live I'm not gonna ruin
everything for you but you know it is
Woody
I don't think there's gonna be that hurt
from it to be honest I think they'll
survive
I honestly think most of their audience
doesn't even live on Twitter anyway if I
was them or if I was within their realm
I would have just suggested that they
issue a statement apologize for it
delete the tweets and move on cuz we
will forget eventually this is a true
hone it and move on I'm not giving it a
whole lot of energy like I don't need to
hold up to the fire I don't need to do
50 million videos about his racism or
bigotry or bias and I think it's
unfortunate and doing that video just
kind of sets up for people to
interrogate you even more in it I don't
think he really gets it either but you
know
yeah let's hold people to the fire and
let's you know hold everyone to this
standard of moral ethics I also think a
lot of the discussion around them and
the negativity that a lot of discussion
and push for him to apologize the right
way isn't so much about like wanting to
see a genuine genuine apology it's
wanting to see someone hurt but I think
I said enough on that I have been taking
my medication consistently I actually
packed they weighed me on his last trip
I've been popping my pills regularly
I've been journaling more this week it's
really kind of thing for me but it's so
cute is still popping what lip color
we're gonna put on was a quick beat yes
girl 15 meaning is she oh did you do
that I did that I got this week to lay
any flat I just I got Dookie braids
underneath here I just need to figure
out about making my wigs the right size
for my head because they are like I can
pull a good bit of it out I think that
adds a layer bulkiness we're trying to
move into like four season Real
Housewives she's right where now we can
afford the alonzo our nose of the world
that's what we're working towards I've
made wearing gloss I for so long was not
a gloss person but I love this love balm
from fancy Beauty something about this
color is poppin I also like the Becca I
love these glasses I especially love
chocolate geode like I don't want to see
what this color is gonna look like
Becca rose quartz I have brown pinkish
Brown lips so this actually just looks
like it's kind of like good neutral it's
Dylan
something I just don't know what it's
doing then that makes my face look a
little flat like I still went a little
bit more pink in there so we're gonna go
back in
with Tigerlily and put that in the
center isn't this like the Korean like
you're doing your lips I like it like
that
okay we done we hit and we finish I've
never glued this down and I don't know
if I ever will I really just be throwing
at all like this so I could I could go
back to getting a I could use the
closure again I don't know why I'm so
success with the frontals I could go
back to the closure lifestyle but I'm
gonna come back once I um add more track
so next time you see this hopefully it's
a thicker fuller
ba-ba-boom giving you life way to go to
my fat face I've been working out though
my curls been hitting the gym okay hit
the gym today thanks for watching I hope
you comment along let me know your
thoughts what are your thoughts on this
whole mcclure twins situation what do
you think they should have done how
should they have approached it I'm a
cute you know Chuck Chuck Chuck in with
my life
you know that's you but let me know your
thoughts in the comments down below and
as always thanks for watching I hope it
comes up okay this is see you again so
we hope to get more content up this
month Carl we tried it wasn't a fable a
song like ye
