hello to all my smart brown girls dudes
boys what everyone call yourself it is
time for pop star we talk about
everything from the low brow to the high
brow as long as your eyebrows are on
fleek clink clink clink clink clink
today I am back to a sweet tea and Jack
Daniels clash between my fridge all
right so today is February 1st the first
day of Black History Month it also
happens to be Langston Hughes birthday I
love Langston Hughes I had a crush on
him when I was like eight years old and
my great grandmother who grew up in
Harlem well she went in 1904 so she
lived in Harlem through the Harlem
Renaissance
I got a cutout doll book when I was
yeah like third grade and Haley
Josephine Baker and links to Hughes and
like you know black notables and from
the Harlem Renaissance era and I was
like yeah I love Langston Hughes because
I had gotten I got my first library card
and one of the first books I checked out
was selected poems Alexa Hughes and she
was lying he got even into yoga now I'm
thinking it's cuz I'm fat why wasn't
really fat but I had a potbelly and my
Nana didn't she didn't really like me so
she would let me know that I had a
potbelly and she was like no it's cuz
he's a sissy I didn't even I didn't make
the correlation until I was an adult
excuse me if that's in his laboratory
time when his quota Oh woman born in
1904 however I didn't get it it's it's
I'm amused though because he's also the
good brothers you know mother the son
life ain't never been no crystal stairs
but that's a whole other country to
another day no shade no tea oh yeah my
favorite poem actually isn't directly a
length of Hughes poem it's a poem by
Countee Cullen who married w eb Du Bois
daughter and even though I look at her
wrist I look at her never confirm so
we're not gonna we're not gonna
speculate but on his wedding night
supposedly he wrote a poem too likes the
huge and a half as read my favourite
poem is called to a brown boy allow me
to quote in the honor of Black History
Month and my hair giving no dreams
deferred cheese that brown girl swagger
gives a twist to be like a queen low and
never damn do bodies is one loveliness
is seen but there is ample room for
bliss and pride and clean brown limbs
and lips no matter how to kiss than how
to raise white him and when your body's
deaf gives birth to so ever spring the
crown man would that ask if that rare
earth was once white flesh of
I'm sorry I don't have no acting skills
to give you I mean I could but I'm not
really on that vibe right now so we're
gonna keep it flowing alright a Black
History Month we are gonna honor all the
smart brown girls who came before us so
the start is pop start off we're gonna
talk about one marvelous smart brown
girl known as nanny of Maroons Queen
nanny who held from Ghana West Africa
and was a slave from the Ashanti tribe
who landed in Jamaica and revolted and
said if all you white man you ain't
thing to captivate me and she ride off
into the mountains and established a
community and over her lifetime helped
to free the slaves in Jamaica maintained
a community of them in the mountains and
stay away from its attacks by the
British colonizers what's great about
the history of Queen Annie is there's a
town named after her nanny town in
Jamaica and also it provides part of the
heritage of Jamaica with the direct
connection to Ghana which is why Jamaica
and Ghana they opportunely have like
they have some understanding that like
they go together
there is formal recognition from Ghana
about the direct connection of the
descendants of slaves in Jamaica Bobby
Kristina was found in a tub facedown
they weren't clear on how much water
exactly was in the tub but apparently it
was enough to take a bath in now as much
as you want to crack jokes about Bobby
Christina and I say something negative
or phocion unfortunate though for all
her public frustrations and kind of how
we might perceive her to be lacking in
certain areas of I don't know
comprehension I guess we would say is
that she just there was no help that
could avail her I do hope she pushes
through but acquaintance reports
released by her father and whatever TMZ
magnificently gets their hands on it is
not looking bright for Bobby Christina
but I do wish the best for Bobby and
that there is some sort of help that can
actually get through to her and improve
her standard or quality of life and her
mental health because it is very it's a
very very sad situation all around
a trey songz fan went in on chris brown
on instagram as well as eternally doing
community service cuz he just can't get
his act together he has no lessons to
learn and a fan of trey songz who has
been on tour with chris brown let it be
known their frustration at the tour
having to be postponed because of Chris
Brown not completing his community
service because my man well money and
access you got you couldn't just clean
get your act together like Chris Brown
makes no sense to me he is like the fuck
boys of all fuck boys I pretty much try
to keep away from talking about him
and Carol seen getting back together
whatever I mean cuz I can't pronounce
her name and Chris Brown is just you
know I feel like this might be
inappropriate considering how close it
is to my light girls review but I
forever
I don't date other light-skinned hit men
because I want to have brown babies I
don't really care what compulsion my
daughter's come out I just don't want no
light bright Suns I come out with
light-skinned Chris Brown problems but
Dominique underscore to15 of course she
would be from Philly the funniest slide
from the entire comment that she left on
Chris Brown's Instagram what you've been
doing community service since 2009
finish that ish up or you won't give me
a refund expletive all you got to do is
10 hours for 10 days how hard is that
Christopher thank awesomely love you
didn't write up about it and that's off
the hilarious I'll link down below but I
mean girl I'm not a Chris Brown fan I
mean occasionally I like his music but I
don't support nothing he does because
it's not even about just I mean I feel
like you can be forgiven for past
actions but I just feel like Chris
hasn't learned anything from the trouble
he's gotten himself in in the past and
he's just very he's just done ok we
certainly did an interview on Ellen and
he premiered his video for the song one
on ellentube which is so cute Ellen
DeGeneres like is she the boss
I like the content of the song I
definitely careful into Kanye's thing
and I feel like really Kim and kinda got
his bamboozle like is what I'm gonna say
inflammatory I think North West is a
cute child is she the cutest child in
the world
no like there are tons of to babies in
the world I don't particularly find
anything super significant about
Northwest aside from her parentage and
even her unbothered Ness is kind of like
like I mean I get it like I get the
cuteness of it but I really feel like
her I'm bothered miss it's like it's
only hilarious considering who her
parents are because I have a very
unbothered nephew
that's not shade I'm not taking anything
away from North West like I don't mind
what he likes her pictures I repost them
sometimes - I'm just saying all that to
say that the video didn't particularly
like north and Kanye and North being
like why am I here most fascination with
her ponytail it's like seriously y'all
want a Shea Blue Ivy and are you gonna
be fascinated over like the 80 bitty
ponytail - our guy I'm just at a point
where I'm overall indifferent I don't
think there was really a big stroke of
genius in producing that video I think
it went along the lines of the content
of the song it's like a is to me pretty
much like it could have been a home
video and I'm like oh okay huh but to
the level of me seeing people call it
genius oh my gosh this is so amazing I'm
like yeah I don't know about all that
speaking of Kanye I mean I feel like
this video with perfect timing so kind
of clean up the fuck shit he's doing
John total I don't know I'm not French
I'm not his sharks - had exactly
pronounced the designers name but it's a
it's a bougie preppy French clothing
line called a PC Kanye gave him the okay
to call his current collection niggas in
Paris now there's several problems with
this the first of them being Kanye even
thinking it was cool to give the okay to
the sky and the quote from Jean is I
call this look lassie does in Paris why
because it's a sweet spot when the hood
the hood meets Bertolucci's movie Last
Tango in Paris
so that's niggas in Paris and last thing
as a pair is oh and I'm glad some people
laugh with me yes I mean it's nice to
play with the strong signifiers the
Timberland is here's a very strong
ghetto signifier in the ghetto it is all
the Timberland
all the big chain not at the same time
never it's bad taste so we designed
timberlands wit Timberland now you know
things that really bother me when I feel
like people are insulting my
intelligence like when you're belittling
me when you think I'm dumb enough to
fall for obs and I feel like that's what
John is doing here he thinks we're dumb
enough and the unfortunate part is there
are a lot of you who will like will be
mad about it right now and then they're
gonna post a picture of north what's the
ponytail and a fur vest on it will be
over it so I just caught wind of this
Vanderbilt rape case it has been going
on apparently for nine months
I caught I heard of it because it was
highlighted on 20/20 and how the cops
went after these four then about
football players for rape even though
the victim initially did not want to
press rape charges that if they thought
it was okay to carry a young woman who
is black out drunk into their dorm room
into their room and even if they didn't
you know let's say in theory rape never
occurred right you can see in the video
when they carry her back out the room
she ain't got no bottom on she what they
carry her in and she got drunk like
she's covered they carry her out all her
goods is out like everything is out and
you seen him in the hallway lay her on
the floor and they taken pictures of her
private area and then they proceeded to
cover up the camera in the hallway after
they do all these things so they can
leave out like yeah it was for football
players in the videotape from the part I
watched in 2020
now the crazier part is that the
detectives when they rooted originally
found out about the videotape and they
went to go talk to the rape victim the
rape victim was dating the one white guy
in the situation Brandon
a bit Brandon were in a relationship and
so she was like well she doesn't believe
he would do anything like that she
didn't feel anything wrong the next
morning when she woke up and then they
had consensual sex the day after she
agreed to do a rape kit and then they
didn't really discover anything from the
rape kit but the reason why Brandon and
then Corey two out of the four players
were charged with rape was because they
were able to track down video that these
dim watts took all their raping the girl
because what like what like how I don't
even get my wallet have nothing I don't
even feel like I should have to
articulate or explain while this is wild
and crazy I don't feel like you know
they stuck a water bottle up her
backside like just entirely disrespected
and violated this woman's body and it
had the nerve to record it and send it
to friends who girl we got to move on
scandal and how to get away with murder
had their mid-season premiere this past
Thursday I did happen to watch both I am
I have the best laugh of my life
watching scandal scandal has reached a
level of like soap opera ridiculousness
and I think I might be here for it like
I don't
they pulled the Keyser söze II in this
last episode I was just like oh my gosh
I'm a little confused as to where this
is going I don't know which time is up
to but I think I'm gonna I'm gonna keep
I'm gonna get back on the the regular
scandal watching for now bandwagon now
how do you get away with murder
I'm gonna support because Viola girl but
I just the storyline it's really like
and I feel like I'm an intelligent
person and I feel like I understand
complexities and you know crossover and
you know layered storylines but I don't
know what the eff is gonna I don't know
we still got we're just out here trying
to be Captain save-a-ho I don't I don't
get why that if you want to if you want
to explain to me what exactly is going
on and I go and when I let me know I'm
gonna keep watching cuz I'm gonna
support you know smart brown girl well
there's a Alexander a woman
black woman in Florida was released from
jail on a two-year house arrest sentence
and what's significant about this is
Marissa Alexander tried to invoke the
Stand Your Ground law that allowed
george zimmerman to walk away with a not
guilty verdict after murdering trayvon
martin and it didn't work for her
because of course the Stand Your Ground
law is only for white people I don't
even think it's the justice system at
work here and if you would've caused his
vindication because two years house
arrest really isn't vindication but at
least she's not behind bars um but I
feel like the pressure put on Angela
Cory and the District Attorney's Office
in Florida has made allowance for some
sort of justice to prevail in Marissa's
case I do not believe this is the
justice system working on its own accord
in you know actually seeing justice do I
think if we look at how gun charges have
been distributed in Florida
they've been unilaterally unfair to
black people and especially in this case
where a black woman is trying to defend
her clearly like it's clear she's trying
to defend her safety to be have charges
pressed so heavily against her and see
them prevail someone like George
Zimmerman can walk free is just obscene
Baxley to close out this weak spots
Nardi Angelou the very fine man who did
that marvelous video ain't that so beat
no more his stylist got him out here
looking like darkwing duck but this last
I'm with the Vanguard called the black
Messiah is awesome it was great to see
Kendra Foster who co-wrote much of the
album with him perform as his backup
singer they sang really love and then
the charade and it was a great gesture
for them to wear black lives matter I
can't breathe and give recognition to
the campaign's that have been going on
around our Civil Rights and this past
year and I'm just I'm so jealous at the
Angels backup singers especially Kendra
because she know all the words to the
song and she can sing along the song Wow
sound like a drunk because you know Abby
sing along to a song DeAngelo song that
I may
and then like you I realized oh I don't
actually I can't articulate what he's
saying look I can't I can't make out the
words it's hmm but you in the car I mean
Jam it real hard and then lose it lose
all of it I'm a hot mess it is what it
is all right that is it for this week's
pop star thank you for supporting be
sure to thumbs up comment cuz it matters
and if you haven't already joined the
smart brown girl movement by you a smart
brown girl
well shirts and subscribe find me all
over the web at Jule's e.com if you like
my more intellectual topics be sure to
read my blog because I'd be right in a
bee right hand and I wrote a book - it's
a brighter - girl
alright this says and you know I really
don't know how I feel entirely about
blows out you know what I dunno how I
feel I don't know if I'm justified and
feeling the way I feel like I do kind of
it's like you know when I heard she was
interviewing Obama and then when I
watched the interview I did I cringed
I'm
