hey guys it's jewel Z and it is smart
round girl Thursday where we always
being an important topic that is not
being discussed in our community because
I want all my smart Broncos to flourish
so I hope you are watching this with
your smart brown girl look look look
look t-shirt on I am continuing on my
topic of mental health because I feel
like it is so important and it's not
it's becoming more discussed but I feel
like we're still being rather vague
about the depths of mental health and
it's not really there's not a lot of
preparation for you know preventive
messages being talked about and things
that you can do before you know the
depression or the anxiety or the panic
attacks or whatever hit you hard core
and so you know what I've gotten is a
lot of questions about keeping a journal
because I mentioned in my video on how I
maintain my anxiety and depression was a
big help for me has been keeping a
journal so I have gotten questions about
how one starts a journal whether what
they're journaling about is appropriate
people feeling insecure because they
only journal when they're in an
emotional relationship or their journal
is just filled with them talking about a
boy or you know when was a foot boy but
am I an or whatever else you know and
people just not knowing where to start
or how to start and so I'm gonna give
you five quick tips on keeping a juror
number one is buy a journal that you
actually want to write in I have kept a
journal since I was in third grade
actually had all my journals up till
today here this is my private property
don't touch from 1996 ya cember 24 1996
9 p.m. because I had to write the time
down I think this was shortly after we
visited the Holocaust Museum and I was
feeling like I had the potential to have
a diary that went became famous like
Anne Frank's and so I needed to keep
that on my moments out journals like
these as an adult don't work well for me
because I don't like writing in notebook
I'm kinky I do not like wide roll like
composition books this one's from 1999 I
will not keep up in something like this
I'm moved up to nicer ones and these
ones I just felt like I would just with
more compel
- right now my journal of preference
this is the journal that I had from like
2008 until yeah I didn't journal that
much once I said this YouTube channel so
this journal lasted me three years but
now I moved over to moleskin this is my
current current journal I keep these in
my purse I keep a moleskin that I also
use just for keeping notes on things I'm
always having ideas running in my head
but I keep my journal separate from any
like no keeping books this is what a
moleskin looks like it is you can get
these at your Barnes & Noble on Amazon
and these are $19
I like the classic hardcover ruled
notebook it has the orange banner on it
that's how you know what the lining of
the paper is going to be on inside all
of these it makes me feel official it's
mental you know and the whole point of
keeping a journal is about you know
relieving what's going on in your head
adding clarity to your life what you
write in does matter it all plays into
your psyche this might me feel like a
grown-up this man I'm not fit and have a
literary legacy and people who you know
not good people go me my journal but
like what I write matters and that's why
I like writing and mole scans to write
whatever is on your mind do not be
concerned about other people's judgment
or even your own judgment with what
you're writing even if your journal is
full of you talking about young men then
that's fine because that's what you're
going through and life and the whole
point of a journal is that you know I've
kept on my journals because I can look
back and read them and see my growth I
can also see patterns and look back at
past experiences and be able to get over
things quickly you know I think a lot of
times we tend to forget especially when
dealing with emotions how we did the
same thing before we said we're never
going to do it again and the journal is
a good way to kind of keep a level head
about things and again it just it
provides so much clarity you shouldn't
really be concerned about someone else
reading your journal well if you're an
adult now if you live at home with your
parents I can't control whether your mom
and daddy won't read through it number
three don't worry about how your writing
voice sounds and you know this is
slightly different from worrying about
the people reading it you know I don't I
think there's there's two concerns that
odd people have had and contacted me is
one
is the content of what they're writing
about and that they feel dumb for always
writing I don't know where they feel
silly for always writing about a guy or
a significant other you know I myself do
journal a lot based around me dealing
with other one on emotional level and so
for the most part that does deal with
dating
I don't feel dumb that I have an entire
journal this most recent one I only ever
wrote when I was dating someone so but
I'm not concerned like the journals for
me it's not for anyone else but you
don't want to worry about it's sounding
immature like you not having the words
to write things down you know you can
feel free to write how you talk write
exactly what is down in your mind don't
worry about is your syntax structured is
it poetic is it melodic if someone reads
it is it gonna make sense is again this
is not for anyone else writing for your
journal is completely different from how
you would tell a story and so don't be
worried about constructing a story you
know your book it's about benefiting
your emotional self and I have written a
book and I did take a lot of inspiration
from journal entries and you know going
back and reading my journal help me to
remember certain emotions and how I
express them in that moment but it
wasn't like I was looking to rip journal
entries from my journal and put them
into a book that doesn't work it doesn't
it's not how I construct a story it's
really not how story is constructed my
books ended on is about the emotional
evolution of a young woman one chapter
in here that's largely based off of how
I write in my journal is I which is
about coming from at lower you know as
ms gia would say getting your cat
snatched um but you know going from
upper case I which is like strength and
embodiment to lower case I and feeling
like you're depleted and I end the
chapter with is my I I is that loss I
need to be saved
save me save I save like literally you
know it's great that I could take that
emotion and kind of make it make sense
in the book but I have entire journals
that are like save me I don't know I
don't know I can't figure it out oh my
gosh number four be honest
with yourself no matter how it makes you
feel I got so many teardrop stains in my
journal I've used my journal as a time
where I could find solace and my
vulnerability especially since it's
something that I have had to deal with
and I you know it's not until recently
that I really got comfortable I was okay
with my vulnerability um but using my
journal and having those moments to
write and be clear with myself has
really really helped so don't be ashamed
if you did something that is less than
scrupulous and you wanna don't be afraid
to put it in your journal when I first
started journaling again as an adult I
had a hard time with acknowledging that
I liked the guy or acknowledging that I
slept with a guy or knowledge in that I
felt like he made me feel like a ho you
know but then I remember writing one
entry and then being like but why am I
like trying to like skip around the bush
in a journal like somebody else penned
to read this like let me just go ahead
and be direct like I feel like this this
is what I did because of it and this is
now how I feel about my the
repercussions of my actions don't go
into writing into your journal feeling
like you have to be extra strong and
extra clairvoyant about what you're
writing number five if there is
something that is bothering you take a
moment and write about it you know I
think forcing yourself sometimes
especially when we get lethargic and
unmotivated and we don't want to do
things you know sometimes I will knowing
I need to write and nothing I need to
write it out and I should put something
in my journal because you know my I'm
just not clear I'm not motivated I need
to let go of that energy and that's what
journaling does for me I will still
avoid it and won't do it but you know I
just get to a point where sometimes I
have to force myself like look don't you
not finna watch no TV you're not going
to eat this ice cream you know I would
put this mental you know reward in my
head for going ahead and journaling
create a space where you feel okay
writing sometimes I know it has to be
light outside I got to be in my bed the
lighting got to be right I like lighting
candles I got this mint eucalyptus
candle shop scheduled I start making me
get it it does put me in a good mood I
got it from Bath and Body Works but you
know maybe you need to have a certain
aroma around you but
whatever you need to do to get in that
space where you can let go with certain
things and put it into writing in your
journal you know create that space for
you a bonus tip verbal manifestations
work wonder whether it's prayer you know
for those of you who are not religious
whether it's just reaffirming things out
loud it definitely helps I pray a lot
often when I pray I thank God for the
opportunities that he presented me and
just ask that he can help me take
advantage of everything that he's put in
front of me and that I don't take for
granted anything that I'm given um and
then I find the will to be productive
enough to keep moving forward you know
however it works for you you know if you
believe in the gospel according to sug
Avery you know I hope you can envision
the future through a blade of grass as
always thanks for watching thumbs up if
you liked the video it matters leave a
comment during the conversation comment
with other folks be respectful and if
you don't have your smart brown girl
shirt cap it we working on kids and plus
sizes so so you know support so we can
give more back to you let me not forget
send it on I have autographed copies
available at Jules e.com this is
separate from the smart brown girl shop
you can pick you up one of those or you
can pick it up if you're international
on amazon.com and Kindle ok support a
smart brown girl I'm only here for you
we go we want to flourish and take over
the world this is I'm fascinated by her
I'm fascinated that her parents really
did name her glozell and they named her
sister Dianna zou Dion's Oh Bobbie
pronounce it they were real committed to
the
