hello ladies and boys oh really smart
brown girls and boys it's jewel Z this
time for another pop snack we talked
about everything from the low-browed to
the highbrow as long as your eyebrows
are on fleek and I am super duper later
have absolutely no excuse but I've been
rather unmotivated as of lately I don't
know what's going on with me I feel like
my hormones are like in a tizzy right
now and I need to be taking my vitamin B
and Z and give me some sunshine it is
glorious weather out here in Houston
Texas oh I love all you I love all my
smart brown girls today is the last day
to purchase one of the sorority smart
brown girl crewneck sweatshirt or
t-shirts for presale but it will be
shipping out next week so get your order
in today and support smart brown girls
clean clean clean clean this week Barack
Obama berry bad Obama gave the State of
the Union this earlier this week and I
was here for all of his swag has no
 given his unbothered Miss Joe
Biden's bro face in the back like Judas
my man and you know I really don't feel
like he said a whole lot like the
content of the speech you know it was
like okay well yeah with the but the
House and the Senate is controlled by
Republicans and that's not Obama fault
that's you you and you and you and you
back over there you back there with the
Paul Masson did then go vote your fault
I'm saying though I did appreciate when
he said he don't have no more elections
to run and a snooty Astra publicans
cackle and he's like yeah cuz I want
both of them did it on him you know I
appreciate that he talked about Ebola
and the u.s. is commitment to help fight
Ebola and countries impacted by Ebola
because it's Lauren it's a lot more than
just some like wild disease that we've
seen in a movie you know the Ebola
impact on West Africa kind of really has
scarred the education system the medical
system and all that and so I'm hoping
you know whatever funding the United
States the World Bank IMF ie whatever
are donating out there is going to go to
a proper structure of
quality hospitals in those countries I
don't know that any Western African
country has a quality hospital care if
you think about it all the politicians
from those areas anytime they have to
have surgery or like serious medical
care they all go to like Saudi Europe or
America
so that's largely unfair to the people
though and so I'm hoping you know I'm
hoping Ellen Sirleaf Johnson shot to
Liberia takes that money and you know
the government will put that back into
the community and that they will finally
get around to establishing quality
hospitals speaking of some around my bed
my bed is a mess time people of the 2014
person of the year was the Ebola
fighters I got this I read it in one
night I just think it's really good if
you can find this I'm sure your local
library will have it it's worth reading
the articles might be online I don't
know dr. Jerry Brown the history of
Liberia just tickled my feather
you know the whole kind of transatlantic
loop black Americans going back and
 up and then you know now
Liberians have American names I wonder
if he has any African American ancestors
any hope Jerry Brown was a medical
director and Gerald cert general surgeon
at the eternal love winning Africa
hospital he tried to forewarn about the
impact that Ebola was gonna have and
tried to prep in the limited means that
he could for Ebola patients coming in
and you know this man has done some
great work at it the own sacrifice at
himself and his family and so I just
think I think you know the humanistic
the Erasmus in me appreciated this so I
don't be up that Negroes name
how do you say e Ras mus is that he's
one name he's a philosopher yeah okay
moving on to the next topic I'm just
rambling sorority sisters my favorite
time babe all five members of Delta
Sigma Theta Sorority Incorporated who
were on the vh1 sorority sister series
have been expelled as of January 13 2015
how shady of Paulette
spell them on Founders Day I told y'all
I don't Oh John if you follow me on
Twitter when the first episode aired I
tweeted that I can't wait for the
scholarship and Standards Committee
meaning when they decide to snatch these
girls letters first of all for all the
people that have been talking about
where is the sisterhood at why would
they expel them next night sister Li
yada yada yada
dr. business ain't many yell business
unless you've been duly initiated into
the status already incorporated that's
where the hack said about it yes this is
personal
yes this petty it's elitist it's rude
and that's why I largely I choose not to
talk about matters dealing with my
sorority about becoming a member all
those things because there's no nice way
to come across it is elitist in nature
that is what it is you either either
you're gonna f with it or you not
anytime I randomly bring up Delta I
always joke about how snatch happy our
current national president is and how I
don't wear my letters in videos because
I could get my letter snatched for
coming on YouTube it's something as
simple as me sitting here doing a pop
snark with my letters on you know I'm
not necessarily doing anything wrong I
could get in trouble for that and maybe
because I crossed in New York that it
was made very those kind of drill d'etat
heads that you could not wear your
letters on the news on TV on any sort of
media without prior approval by the
sorority you can't even throw a party in
the name of Delta without getting
approved they did not get a letter
snatched
because of their behavior on the show
Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Delta Sigma
Theta the Greek letters are trademarked
does is a non-profit corporate
organization they have they trademark
and their intellectual property whatever
on lock own teeth you've been active you
don't know Paulette snatch happy
shouldn't know better
told you I back in October I still got
my letters I woke to that open with
reason that word girl premiered the
white girls documentary last week I did
a review on it some of my life skin to
dick cousins as it may feelings
light-skinned privilege is not
the same as white privilege so don't be
super offensive as a beige sister and
when somebody tell you you got like skin
privilege they're not saying that your
life is as easy as a white person or you
won't get put on or have the same access
still have some part of the black
struggle in you we just say it that
there's a certain appeal that the
mainstream finds and light skinned at
waviness you know if I got me a few more
baby hairs up here I'm rocking my
privileged wig right now you know if I
go out the house like this
people are gonna react to me differently
if I wear my natural nappy hair it's the
light skinned away the exotica privilege
girl but that's not the same with white
privilege oh no just take a step back
listen to the discussion I do appreciate
those who are still feel however they
feel about the topic but are open to
discussing it with people and learning
and thinking about a new perspective
that I do appreciate and I'm gonna do
better and try to understand people from
the oven in spectrum beyond ACOG and
Paul McCartney released a new single for
five seconds um I wouldn't know how much
yeah it's paying Paul McCartney to do it
all on the piano because like I could do
without the McCartney actually I'm not
too keen on the song in general it's
like okay I'm sure I'll learn to like it
though because Houston radio only
rotates like the save 10 songs every
hour on the hour but I this wasn't I
wasn't really moved youtuber glozell got
to interview Obama along with bethany
mota
and i believe Hank green isn't it what's
another YouTube content creator um and
you know I really don't know how I feel
entirely about glozell you know what I
do know how I feel I don't know if I'm
justified and feeling the way I feel
like I do kind of it's like you know
when I heard she was interviewing Obama
and then when I watched the interview I
did I cringed a little I'm fascinated by
her I'm fascinated that her parents
really didn't name her glozell and they
named her sister DiNozzo Dion's Oh
however you pronounce it they were real
committed to the merging their two
parents names um I'm also amazed that
she looks damn good to be 52 years old
she is two years younger than my mama
and yeah she does play up on negative
black female stereotypes and I feel like
her fan base that is watching her is it
Sara Lee laughing with her they're
laughing at her you know kind of like
the Dave Chappelle effect but if I
couldn't like the Chappelle show why
can't I appreciate glozell for what she
is she's earned her success for sure
she's definitely put hard work in
generally speaking I just do wish there
was a more diverse representation of us
black female content creators on YouTube
and that we all didn't have to kind of
be comedians or Kooning ourselves out in
order to be successful or get the
opportunity you know but I don't know if
that's glozell responsibility and the
problem isn't necessarily what goes out
does it it's like glozell and then like
she's speaking for all of us
and that's not her fault and so I don't
feel like it's right for me to take away
from her success in her opportunity you
know am i rambling here does anybody
else get what I'm saying how do you feel
about glozell and how did you feel about
glozell interviewing Obama at night was
the Screen Actors Guild Award and the
only Davis and muzu aduba allah-allah
did I put your her name who play crazy
eyes on or sue black along with the
entire cast of orders to be black all
scored scored they all won viola as I
was as I pronounce her name wrong
Iola someone commented the last time I
talked about her about me messing up her
name but whose Oh
also Nolan did win for her role in how
to get away with murder which comes back
this Thursday and in her speech which i
think is so important they both gave
beautiful speeches but this is the first
time at the SAG where it was two black
women who won the lead the lead women's
categories out of the award so that is a
very big deal and kudos to them but
Viola did say she thanked the creators
of the show for thinking that a
sexualized messy mysterious woman could
be a 49 year old dark-skinned
african-american woman who looks like me
that is awesome you know I definitely do
appreciate Shonda Rhimes commitment to
showing complex characters as black
women we often are portrayed as very
two-dimensional aren't allowed to be
complex and nuanced characters as our
white peers uh
violas character might be a little too
complex go but I appreciate it
nonetheless and so I will support even
if I don't understand nothing that's
going on and showing who's oh let me
look how prices woman name because I'm
just butchering it boos oh oh in her
speech and I've heard the story before
is that the day she got casted for our
own just a new black character is the
day that she quit acting and I do as
hard as this for me to say vote
motivated I do appreciate her story so
much because you know she's not your
standard ideal of beauty that you see
promoted in Hollywood and you know she's
a very good actress you know you could
tell she's classically trained you know
if you look at her body of work prior to
or some new black she is a she's a
beautiful singer and she's a beautiful
actress like she is this hands down
and for her to have such a hard row to
hoe in order to just finally get the
recognition that she so deserves it's
like girl you know I really do
appreciate her commitment to her craft
her holding on to her integrity and you
know inspiring those of us who have
similar ideals to just kind of hold on
and hold out even as we see our peers
who are swimming in shallower waters
progressing much faster than us that
there is there's there's something
dialing for us at the end of the road
Kanye was honored at the be ET honors
person that presented him his award was
day - a toothless Dame - um you know
it's all the shade because Dame is who
signed him to Rockefeller but you know
as we know the history Dame Dame had the
falling-out with jay-z and he's kind of
under took the L like he's the one that
failed in the long run and Kanye this
though the ever so subtly shade at him
by saying from once am I not life I know
what it truly feels like to be humbled
word on the curb is that kanye asked
dame to present I think it's like a
Lifetime Achievement Award to him which
is shade Kanye that's real shade I don't
understand why Dane - couldn't get like
a fake to put in for the show before he
took that selfie with his daughter who's
gorgeous and Kanye whatever Dame is all
quizzical character than me like he
keeps trying and he keeps failing but he
keep failing because he's just so damn
cocky I hope all my peoples on the East
Coast are stay warm enjoy the days off
of work that you have I do not miss the
snow I so don't miss it but you know I
can revel in my pettiness and tell you
how nice the weather is outside I'm so
shady alright thank you for watching to
all my smart brown girl boys guys news
whatever you wanna call yourself
supportive smart brown girl buy a shirt
sip oh nice and I'll see you next week
wall see you on Thursday for my smart
brown girl topics alright deuces and I'm
still trying to understand the
light-skinned woman who didn't see an
image of herself until Spice Girls with
Scary Spice came out in the 90s because
I'm trying to figure out what rock was
she not Lisa Bonet girl Halle Berry
komaraiah Carrie
