hey guys it's Julie and it's time for
another pop snark where I talk about
everything from the low growl to the
high bra as long as your eyebrows are on
fleek and this is the first one of 2015
and I ready to bring all my smart brown
girls and guys along on the ride with me
the last two pops marks I have been
slipping and I'm giving my life and
getting it all back together so I got
extra dressed up extra divine just for
you and we are sipping a proper cocktail
even took the time to cut a lemon and
put it on top oh girl yes clink clink
clink Clank this week a sweet tea lemon
and some Jack Daniels honey what are you
sipping to let me know in the comments
down below
hmm a few announcements I haven't asked
FM Paige you can ask me questions
anonymously my answers will be tweeted
out on my Twitter so be sure to follow
me on Twitter I also have a p.o box
my birthday's coming up you know if you
feel so inclined I am going to Bermuda
and April and I am excited to bring you
guys along with me it is part of the
Bermuda Greek Beach weekend's a four-day
trip tailored for the Greek alumni crowd
now y'all know I am NOT trapped yes I am
a delta but I'm not I'm not one of those
so even if you are not Greek you are
still invited on this trip Bermuda is
super close it's a very inexpensive trip
and I would love to see y'all come out
with me April 16th through the 19th I
will have all the details down below I
will be there hopefully 15 pounds
lighter and trying to get closer to God
as I tan this beige skin girl my girl
Kate Victoria has released a new song it
is a cover of the Coldplay song fix you
in His divine girl that is either her or
the Stuyvesant's music who I have used
in the past
they are both worms checking out I am
happy for all of their success but Kia
girl when you make it to the Grammys
just remember me girl my last pop snart
I did mention the serial podcast that I
hope you have all definitely listened to
Bali happen
in December J throughout the entire
series refused to be interviewed Koenig
in an attempt to give him the
opportunity to tell his story did roll
up on homeboys house
she apologized via email after the
incident but she just wanted to make
sure that she excised every opportunity
to get to reach out to Jay and give him
the opportunity especially with the rise
in the popularity of the podcast to give
his side of the story
but then he was used to do a interview
with the intercept and writer Natasha
Vegas Cooper who has never listened to
the podcast is very clear her interview
because she asked him about a bunch of
water down be asked questions and Jay
while in a three parts interview
proceeds to basically just throw Koenig
under the bus and accuse her of making
him look like a villain for me when I
walked away with I can't say that Adnan
is innocent but I also can't for sure
say that Adnan is guilty and I don't
feel like the case was solid enough to
prove him as guilty beyond a reasonable
doubt the prosecutor from the case also
Kevin Urich also interviewed with the
same writer he cosines Koenig while also
trying to throw under the bus he
acknowledges that the entire case was
built around the cell phone records and
Jay wilds testimony the prosecutor Kevin
Urich accuses Koenig of planting of
continuously planting seeds of doubt and
then backpedaling throughout the podcast
um basically what I take from Urich and
Jays interview isn't that neither of
them understand journalism neither
understand the craft of telling a good
story and part of the reason why Koenig
did raise certain questions proceeded to
do the research and then prove that
these questions weren't legitimate is
because we were going to ask them anyway
it's part of telling the story she wants
to wrap her audience in they could be
mad because what Koenig did do was kind
of put holes in both of their stories
she didn't say that they were explicit
liars or that they were wrong she just
showed that neither of the case that the
prosecutor crafted nor the testimony
that Jay provided was really enough to
constitute a guilty verdict beyond
reasonable doubt beyond ludicrous
proposed to his girlfriend whose name I
just I'm wrong I'm gonna mess it up I
know she does
I don't have like Twitter Instagram page
I don't care to look it up girl uh but
he not only proposed to her but he got
married to doc see he dope sees
something she's like half Angolan
beautiful girl just don't understand why
she decided to marry Ludacris
considering that members of the break
baby squad you know the same squad that
Dwyane Wade is a part of where both he
got a woman pregnant a woman who is
apparently his friend from high school
pregnant while in a long-term
relationship with the girl he just
married and I don't even know if they
were legitimately on a break the child
is now a year old he's in a custody
battle with a mother Tameka fuller she's
currently getting $7,000 a month girl
the paycheck is that almost makes you
want to lose my world let's go call her
II I think he is cute enough to write
that but got enough going for her that
she could have got something better out
of the situation I there's nothing about
their relationship that I find appeasing
or just like and my admirable knock
would be me Oprah recently commented on
the going ons of fergenson while doing
an interview for the movie so mom which
you should definitely go see Ava
Duvernay is the first african-american
female director to be nominated for a
Golden Globe as soon as I get my life
together I will be go sing it we'll do a
whole nother video some of the zoo's a
whole video on its own now what Oprah's
said to the griot comm was do you said
even if we don't know about fergenson or
and Eric garner or Michael Brown they
are going on the fact that they may have
now become newsworthy or may national or
international news doesn't mean that
there haven't been nameless Michael
Browns or Eric Garner's before and then
she continues I really think that the
film Selma she's talking about can teach
people a lot because what this film says
it is it's been done it has it was done
y'all are not the first to do it the
first to have an idea the first to want
to protest the first to be upset we
didn't even have the right of citizens
to vote in this country and because of
what Martin Luther King as a leader
joining with his band of brothers with
discipline rigorous peaceful protests
and they had a good intent goal and
intention in mind
you just can't March and not know what
you're marching for I feel like in
another interview somewhere she also
implied
what she would like to see is some sort
of leadership come out of the fergenson
and black lives matter protest and you
know what Odyssey
I think people got a little offended
because they felt like she was implying
that the protests are misguided or that
people would they don't have a goal in
mind and I don't really find anything
she said disrespectful I get that we all
kind of in this age of social media are
pushing towards one unified kind of
viewpoint on the matter but I think
there is opportunity to have productive
conversations about the different ideas
that people have for how we should move
forward from this that I think we all
tend to look back on the civil rights
era with very rose tinted glasses
everyone in the civil rights era did not
get along every black person was not
rocking with what Martin Luther King was
talking about at the time people were
able to move past that but I also think
that part of the differences was what
helped move the system along and impact
change a Kendrick Lamar on the other
hands okay Kendrick Lamar did an
interview with Billboard magazine it is
posted on Billboard Calm only the
Kendrick in his interview acknowledged
and he doesn't really read books he kind
of gets his information from talking to
people I guess Kendrick said I wish
somebody would look at our neighborhood
knowing that it's already situation
mentally where it's up what
happened to Michael Brown should have
never happened never but when we don't
have respect for ourselves how do we
expect them to respect us it starts from
within don't start with just a rally
don't start from looting it starts with
from within okay all right so the
respectability politics I write look you
know what I'm just gonna concisely wrap
this up here
Kendrick Lamar good kid maad city is an
epic album loved it still play it you
should just rap more and talk less and
read a few books also set to leave Iggy
Azalea alone I guess whatever sure just
rap more talk less Kendrick and the
world would be a better place I can't
wait for your new album I love that song
with Flying Lotus just keep rapping and
shout out shh don't talk be sure wish
I'd because we can't do a pop stack
without talking about Bill Cosby
did I interview with show showbiz for
one one and writer Roger Friedman and
was quoted as saying forget these women
when asked about Bill Cosby and then
proceeded to talk about how she feels
that the base basically all these
accusations against Cosby are an attempt
to destroy his legacy yes we're trying
to destroyed the legacy of a 77 year old
man way past the height of his success
like come on you really think Beverly
Johnson is lying and growing was that
everybody loves Claire Huxtable and the
divineness that is phylicia rashad but I
wasn't happy with the comments Friedman
the writer then went on to release
another article saying that that
phylicia rashad has been misquoted
that's not how she meant aid nor was
that how he meant for it to come across
in his article she also goes on to say
that she's misquote it I mean I guess I
can see it I don't just believe that she
was misquoted but I still have a problem
with one
why is she defending Bill Cosby before
he even bothers to speak up about his
own case like every single woman around
him his wife his daughters you know
other female cast members have been
forced to speak up for Bill Cosby and
Bill Cosby hasn't even spoken up for
Bill Cosby that's really the problem in
this case is that he has not had the
dignity to say anything about these
allegations every way that I'm trying to
talk about it I want to move on but the
shooting that happened in Paris that
killed 12 people
Oracle newspaper Charlie Hebdo by
Islamic extremist now the conundrum here
this is the crazy part and I get I get
all parts of this discussion here even
though I do not get the part of the
discussion when Don Lemon continues to
ask educated Muslims is Islam inherently
is prone to violence because like
Christians have never gone to war over
religion in history Judaism has never
gone to war in history have you never
read the Bible Don Lemon it ain't
nothing but a google search to find out
about what's going on with the Buddhists
in sri lanka life seriously sir get your
life Don Lemon I don't understand why
you still have a job
CNN could hire me and I can do a better
job than Don Lemon unresearched
mispronounce people's names okay
in Islam it's such a convoluted idea
about people who have no understanding
of the principles of Islam in the first
place this is then no part indicative of
what Muslims believe at large or the
Islamic religion so stop trying it there
are more muscles getting killed every
day by Isis than any Saturday European
or white person it's facing violence by
Muslims okay stop I just do hope that I
am praying not only for the families who
lost a family member in this shooting
but I'm also praying for the Muslims and
immigrants who are living in France
currently and Europe at large I really
hope that this doesn't make their plight
harder you know European politics has
kind of been on a curb as of late the
economic downturn and there has been
kind of a push against black and brown
immigrants in Europe and it the
government's are seeing a lot more
conservative parties come out and be
blatantly disrespectful to these people
honey West released the news song with
Paul McCartney called only one where he
is channelling the voice of his mom
Madonna through auto-tune I don't know
how I feel about this song and the
heaviness of the auto-tuning and Kanye's
over auto-tuned singing like yeah but no
but I don't know but lyrically though I
think the content of the song is
actually very beautiful because you
could definitely kind of hear Donda in
the song and he's speaking to North West
so you know anytime a man is singing to
his child and offspring it's just but
what is hilarious about this is the
tweeting that came about post Kanye
putting out a song with Paul McCartney
Paul McCartney's vocals are not on the
song he's just playing the piano in the
track but um Jesus who have you're not
following on Twitter and you should
definitely follow I entirely enjoy
seeing the rise of my peer success Jesus
in particular because he's someone that
I know in real life we had the same last
name we were both grew up in I was
witnesses household he someone just get
chocolate wasted with when I first moved
to New York
but to see him be able to kind of turn
his like very irreverent humor and snark
into a profitable career he's on MTV guy
code now he's a podcast with com
flex with a marrow and I'm super duper
jealous that he was on Anthony
Bourdain's parts unknown on the episode
where they're in the Bronx he like got
to break bread with Anthony Bourdain
could that be one of my 3130 goals that
I get to break bed I want to meet Eric
repair cuz he is lying like I don't even
like pink dick but a baby oh Jesus
tweeted in like total humor because haha
it's funny because Jesus is always funny
he tweeted Kanye has a great ear for
talent this Paul McCartney guy is gonna
be huge
hahaha it's funny tweet ended up on like
Good Morning America all over news
outlets we're talking about how people
were confused about who Paul McCartney
is as if it was kind of hilarious that
humor was lost on these people Oh so to
close it out with a good dose of humor I
hope everybody goes see Selma also if
you haven't already see Chris Brown's
top 5 it is a seeing hall area yes I saw
it with the kg lifestyle over Christmas
brave girl I'm gonna get it on DVD and I
am got a DVD player like I'm gonna go
see it again it was that funny but to
close it out with a good dash of humor a
couple in bolt somewhere until the day
gala looking like they were cash members
on the Oregon Trail for all my 90s
babies women a game used to play on a
computer back in the early 90s Oregon
Trail Twitter Pat it out on them I was
dying laughing they look like high-class
runaway slaves yes girl
it was so funny it was even so funny
when my friends who are like social
media and EPS we're sending me leaks to
the news stories that kind of summarized
all the tweets that came out about them
but it was hilarious but kudos to the
young lady who made that dress herself
the hemlines looking good girl
all right did I miss anything did you
miss me do you like me with straight
hair if you enjoy pop stars share with
your friends thumbs up the video liking
it helps me out so much do leave a
comment comments do matter and as always
find me all across the web at Julie
check out my blogs you'll see calm and
oh my gosh
smart brown girls shirts are back on
I am now selling them my dad or so girl
cha got smart brown girl calm well you
can pick up your very Oh smart brown
girl shirt and I will be personally
handling all the customer service and
make sure it goes right we just because
of the volume of you guys ordering had
to move over production companies to
make sure that it can be handled
correctly and cutely and we now have
international shipping to several
countries in Europe Canada and Jamaica I
heard your cries I did answer them we'll
be releasing some bigger sizes soon and
maybe in the honor of royal sister and
all the Founders Day is happening this
month there might be something extra
special coming for you soon too
stay tuned also buy my book send it on
my collection of short stories have a
real smart brown girl out and I'm so
happy for all the mothers that have been
buying the book for their daughters I
hope they love it and they read it
together and they have discussions about
it I think it's definitely a good
conversation starter if you're having a
harder time kind of showing that they
have proper emotional development I
think that's something we totally don't
talk about the black community but you
know I think Center dawn might be a a
good look for those thanks for watching
