hey guys it's Jules II edited smart
brown girl Thursday words on my smart
brown girls you should definitely follow
me on Twitter every Thursday to do a
pseudo like 15 minute tweet chat about
whatever topic it is that I am
discussing that Thursday typically prior
to posting the video although I haven't
asked fm page where you can anonymously
ask me questions and again it's another
words why to follow me on Twitter all
the questions that I answer will get
tweets it out onto my timeline so all
the links will be down below also with
the info of my hair and lipstick because
I know somebody is going to ask so I had
a P o box I've gotten a few emails
asking when people can send me letters
and stuff I've mentioned this in other
videos thus far all I've gotten is hair
product people who are asking me to
review any happening but if you want to
send me something my PO Box is also
listed down in the description box of
every video what am i more popular smart
brown girl videos is loneliness and the
strong black woman and because in the
video I did mention that I have myself
I'm clinically diagnosed with anxiety
disorder and I have dealt with kind of
like white depression how do I cope how
do I deal and what is some advice and
tips that I can give out now I want to
be very very cautious because this is a
very sensitive subject and I am NOT a
medical professional so please remember
that I am speaking from personal
experience everyone is not the same and
it's probably why it's taking me so long
because I just want to be sure that in
doing this video that I'm just
encouraging people to do what's best for
them and their mental and physical
health I think one of the biggest things
that you can do for yourself is be
honest with what you're going through I
think a lot of times especially in the
black community because mental health is
not as talked about as it should be for
the longest time it was looked at as
kind of like a disease of privilege you
that only like wealthy white suburban
house mothers go through and there's
this negative connotation around what it
means to be to really deal with
depression and anxiety and at the end of
the day you know no one's suffering
with you you're the one that's going
through these things so I don't believe
in allowing other people to shame or
guilt you or make you feel bad about
whatever mental health issues you are
going through you know people have
wanted to accuse me of being PI polar or
not being on my medications or whatever
post doing that loneliness video and I
think for those people that really just
kind of just begets their own stupidity
and ignorance you know that video it was
hard for me to put it out there it is a
bit more of me being vulnerable and open
about things that I've gone through but
I think the response and how that helps
other people is way greater than someone
trying to take a dig at me piety is
usually the feeling of fear unease and
worry to the point where it becomes
overwhelming and stifling to one being
able to move on or do day-to-day routine
things now fashion is more of like the
overwhelming feeling of sadness and not
being able to kind of pick oneself up
from anything now with anxiety with me I
do have anxiety attacks anxiety
physically impacts me it usually feels
like a really like a rush of like a
shortness of breath like my chest
becomes really tight and compressed and
I just like I can't stand up I can't
move and it's a very kind of
overwhelming sense of worry sometimes it
is something that it's triggered by
something I don't deal with getting my
feelings hurt very well especially when
it's by a man so when a young man comes
over to my house makes me spaghetti
cuddles and then tells me has a girl
friend another country yes that will
lead to an anxiety attack sometimes it's
just there's been times where I've had
anxiety attacks and I can't really
pinpoint why it is and I think when that
happens that that usually is just coming
from a place of not dealing with my
emotions like I kind of put something
else on the backburner and fears these
emotions kind of bubbling underneath and
I just never really dealt with and then
you know the anxiety attack might come
three six months to a year later if I
have been really big and vocal about
dealing with one's emotions and
emotional maturity now that's not to say
that someone is emotionally immature
because I deal with anxiety end up or
depression it doesn't mean that I'm ever
going to stop worrying or stop
overanalyzing or never have
moments of anxiety again but I'm very
aware of making sure that I deal with my
emotions and the way that I need to deal
with them
because I know that I am prone to
anxiety attacks I just want to encourage
people to not be scared to talk about
how they're feeling one talking about it
allows yourself to be honest with what
you're going through
talking about it also will help you walk
into the doctor's office and get the
care professional care that you need
I personally chosen to not take
medication I have plenty of associates
and friends who do take some sort of
anxiety or depression medication and it
helps them alive if you're at a point
where your anxiety is stifling you from
being would hold a job or doing
day-to-day routine things like you don't
want to brush your teeth or take a
shower just do basic things and this is
really real for a lot of people it's not
you know I don't want you to feel like
something is innately wrong with you
like this is real and people go through
it there's been days where I just don't
want to be bothered now I've been able I
found tactics to help me overcome that
but if those tactics don't work for you
then please do your research and find
out if medication is the proper option
for you seeking out a psychologist now I
know the immediate snapback for a lot of
people when it's suggested that they see
a psychologist that is outside of their
financial reach to go to therapy who are
working for a major corporation even if
you work at a Target or Walmart
or you are working at a Microsoft or
you're working a white-collar job a lot
of these corporations have stress relief
programs for their employees where they
will pay for some sort of therapy
sessions now when I was working part
time at Apple I swindled my way into
twelve sessions with a therapist and
Apple paid for and I was a part-time
employee and they were not giving me
meadow any medical insurance if you have
a job look into the benefits that your
job offers for mental health if you are
a student your school will definitely
offer some sort of free therapy if you
live in an area
there's a medical school the medical
schools always have some sort of
outreach for mental health in the
neighborhood your Columbia University in
New York City definitely does several
different mental health programs whether
it's targeted the LGBT community or
suicide prevention or single mothers
they have done several different
programs so it's all about just looking
at the resources that are available to
you and kind of digging under the
surface and not being so quick to say oh
no that's not something that I have
access to keeping a journal is like one
of the best things I do keep a journal
this is my current one the bad part is I
think since starting this YouTube
channel I'm journaled less because I
started this one in 2009 and I still
haven't filled up all the pages but also
like I think I'm I tend to only write
when like I'm going through a really
emotional stressful period right now
but when I first moved to New York in my
early 20s I have all my journals from my
entire 20s and I journaled a lot more
because I was just you know all these
new experiences life was kind of coming
at me fast and I just a lot was going on
in my mind and this provides a lot of
clarity it also allows you to see your
own growth and I think sometimes we kind
of undermine how much we really have
accomplished and I do it all the time I
just did it yesterday I'm in my feelings
because companies keep telling me I
don't have enough viewership for them to
support smart brown girls another story
for another day but you know it does
allow you to reflect and look at how far
you've come or also to notice patterns
that you might do now I attend the
journal when I'm dating someone I'm
going through an emotional experience I
want to say with a fuck-boy but we spoke
with a man with a young man and you know
the SLAs situation I was so thrown by
that I went back through my journals and
I could kind of pinpoint patterns and
similar things that I do and it just
helped me deal with my anxiety deal with
my overthinking deal with my feeling
less than and really kind of you know
pick myself up and move on one of the
other great things about keeping a
journal is that it forces you to be
clear and honest with yourself when you
put things in to writing you have to be
very succinctly and it really
forces you to acknowledge what it is
you're going through how you're really
feeling and just an expel it and get it
out especially for those of us who feel
like we don't have friends or we don't
have someone to talk to
keeping the journal is a great step in
dealing with your mental and emotional
style very very important I know a lot
of times when we are in deep depressions
we want to go eat all the junk food in
our cabinets I really had to talk myself
out of getting some cream pies yesterday
at the supermarket because what happens
is a lot of that stuff that you put into
your body you have to remember we're
hormonal chemically composed beings
right and so when you're putting all
this junk food and you're taking away
the natural nutrients that your body
needs you're dealing you're you're
negating your chemical balance here and
it's going to make it even harder for
you to deal with your anxiety and
depression I find eating a nice diet
full of leafy greens not only helps your
edges to flourish but also helps me with
my mood occasionally I drink green
smoothies in the morning and sometimes I
put macaroon into it it's an energy
booster doing yoga and stretching
because that innately forces you to do
breathing exercises that will help
amazingly some people like aromatherapy
it all seems rather like Airy and
superficial right but these things they
help they do they really do help there
is no hope for dealing with your mental
health at the bottom of any bottle so as
much as I do enjoy a good glass of wine
or two I know that drinking wine is not
going to help me get through are going
to help me improve my mental health so I
do not want you to become abusers of
substances or sleep you know definitely
try to put certain markers in your in
your day to day life to help you you
know not fall back into certain patterns
it's all about being very understanding
and aware of how you are built you know
if you know that certain situations
cause you to go into a depression or
having
the attacks you know do what you need to
do to either avoid or confront those
issues head-on so that they aren't
coming back up and manifesting in
negative ways in your life so that is
all that I have let me know in the
comments down below what are some things
that you have done to deal with your own
anxiety or depression especially if you
are someone who has taken medication I
would love to hear your experience
because I think a lot of people are
scared to take medication because they
feel like they're different or they're
less than from anybody else I'm sorry
that the Sun is setting it's getting
dark Ino in the comments down below I
think sharing your story is not only
cathartic for you but it helps other
women and people in general guys to add
these conversations with your friends
and your family members you never know
what someone is going through as well
and if people are dismissive of your
mental health and your emotions and your
feelings then simply saying they don't
know how to articulate that they don't
have the mental space to care right now
for watching deuces
I mean it's kind of crazy to have the
last month of the year
kind of
