hey guys it's Judy in today's the last
day of 2014 and I started off this year
with doing a pseudo recap on 2013 we're
also talking about how I wanted to grow
on my youtube channel let's get around
to see how i feel about 2014 i was i was
gonna say that 2014 for me has been a
very emotionally rough year but then
this app on the iphone the time pop
thing pulled up and apparently going
into 2013 i had said that 2012 was you
know growing period for me but that 2011
hands-down was my emotionally roughest
year and i have to say that is true so
it's not that 2014 was emotionally rough
year for me december has just sucked I
mean it's kind of crazy to have the last
month of the year kind of even though
I've been rather melancholy and kind of
over everything this month this year has
been quite spectacular actually I've
done a lot of positive growth think I'm
kind of progress off here you know even
though I'm probably gonna spend New
Year's Eve by myself because I live in
Houston and people suck here that's kind
of where I'm at right now I don't know
how much I believe that wholeheartedly
but right now how I feel that's how I
feel right now and it's been super great
to grow with all of my smart brown girls
this has been amazing not only did I
produce a solar event and Brooklyn I got
to meet and have Kimberly foster a for
Harriet on the panel I had Jovian Ervin
so Ziggler and jamel Hazelwood it was an
awesome sauce event and you know just to
be able to have an idea and put it into
fruition and have it be a spectacular
that event was is awesomesauce
amazeballs so every part of this smart
brown girl endeavor has been amazing
being able to get shirts out to you guys
yes and seeing y'all rock then we are
switching up production companies so
hold on for a
announcement I published a book send it
on I've been horrible at promoting it
but the response from you guys who have
bought it and supported me has been
amazing i am still selling autographed
copies of this with my us and canadian
residence just to connect with you guys
on an emotional level because i'm not an
emotionally outward person you know I've
opened up a little bit but I'm still you
know this book is a collection of short
stories about the evolution of a young
girl into her womanhood I feel like you
all with connects the reviews on Amazon
are dope if you have YouTube channel
don't be scared to review it support a
black sista this experience just to put
out something that I've been holding on
to for like the past five years and have
people read it and enjoy it and pass it
on the other folks has been awesome I
moved from DC to Houston I think even
though I'm kind of aunt about Houston
right now and really this mama fault cuz
i still i want a car yet but it's that I
didn't like something in my life and I
was able to change it on my own I didn't
like living in DC and I just got up and
left and like I did it and it was it's
still scary and terrifying you know it's
definitely a very emotionally difficult
thing to do it's not easy but I did it
and I'm doing it our survive started the
pod and started a lot of this year
to you know between the talk about
texture discrimination which everybody
went up front like they don't really
understand but all of you got first of
all when I did that video I did not
think that I was going to get the
support that I got from the community I
didn't think it's gonna resonate with
that many people so to get the support
and has many people be like yes I
understand and start discussion that I
see even if people don't really want to
bang with me on it people are still
talking about it people have tried to do
a vent without me around this topic and
so you know I there's definitely been a
shift in the natural hair community and
even though I at that point and I'm
sticking to it decided to leave the
natural hair community that I have
noticed the kind of awareness and change
in dialogue that has happened with this
and it's still ongoing and to see my
impact kind of man
fast is huh it's been cooled the curly
Nicki and the white women troll on you
know just the fact that people have been
open to kind of my wave dialogue you
know in being I can I say something
other than educated ratchet but you know
indeed willing to you know mix the
lowbrow with the highbrow and then you
guys are there for you guys support with
pop star if you know this is Bob started
something I've been talking about doing
since the beginning of this year I
didn't launch it into um the fall it
will be back around this weekend but you
know just you guys really kind of
rocking out on celebrating the full
ubiquitous diversity of women of color
as smart brown girls has been awesome
you know my favorite videos of the year
really my favorite video was the video
that came out because of the pseudo
curly Nicki drama that I had but was the
smart brown girl disagreeing and
messiness and that's why still my
favorite video cuz imma stay blessed
where I stay on bother even when I'm at
my lowest it's y'all that really keep me
going and so it's just been great to be
able to talk about you know how to take
and receive criticism or losing friends
or friendships evolving or disagreeing
and messiness or watching your parents
age and all these videos that I've done
this year that aren't with standard you
know beauty youtube video and have
people really kind of come on board with
me I just can't thank you enough I got a
ticket to South Africa on Christmas so
yes 30 30 in March I just watch it bit
less than three months away I am leaving
my twenties and that's really kind of
what I set out with this year I knew it
was my last year in my 20s and it's not
that I feel any pressure to be or do
anything by 30 you know I've kind of not
really been public about my age because
I don't really feel like it makes a
difference to the conversation and I'm
just I really not open to people putting
their standards on me base
my age you know stop thinking about more
about my legacy you know when I have
kids and I settle down you know what am
I gonna tell them that I was doing at 29
and so I made a point this here to be a
little bit more selfish to allow myself
to be firm with who I am and where I
stand and allowed myself to be overly
confident with myself and do what it is
that I want to do you know it just kind
of hazy because I did another reading
with um the astrologers Sam Reynolds who
I had a video on with this year he gave
me like a short meeting in that video
and then we had another follow-up
meeting and he says that you know at 29
years of your return of saturn so i'm in
my return of saturn and he's like this
is my time to stake my claim and you
know on what I own in life and really
kind of move forward with ensuring that
my heart is always better than the
feather so living the life that I want
versus living the life that people
expect me to live and you know like that
makes sense because that's how I already
lived at and it's never it's not easy
you know because you have to I also do
everything with a sense of integrity and
good intention and you know that's
definitely been tested since I moved to
houston and I've been more aware of kind
of even though I might not get the
results that I want right now the
long-term benefits of just really
staying true to who I am as a person
with integrity and good intentions and
you know being okay with the fact that i
live and talk and do things a lot
differently from the mainstream myth the
focus this year I have no spy reason why
I left these two guys like I'm not gonna
spend the last bit of my 20s miserable
because i think i'm supposed to keep a
job and just stick it out and try things
and do all the things that other people
are saying it's gonna make me happy no I
know that I control my own happiness and
my own content pneus and I have to go
after it in the way that I need to go
after it and so I'm still on that path
way it's still a work in progress and
I'm just a wrong you know I really am
kind of happy about this year top Africa
the week before my birthday so maybe
there'll be a meet and greet I'm landing
in j-bird but a try
k ty while i'm there so you know this
year i did try to enter that contest
with railroads i will and annoying and
we bleed en w'en it was a shy girl but
shots eti airlines that 380 dollar
round-trip ticket and i was one of the
day in paris oh I'm looking forward to
2015 as a continued progression and
being able to just grow and really you
know i'ma happy don't know what's ahead
of me right now I see you know at me had
a clear idea of kind of where I was
going in November December just came
along and really girl I'm just so
mentally confused right now to locked
myself out the house twice in one week
and I live by myself it's all another
planet right now but I mean I feel like
what I can't see is still fitting to
beat the next year and I am just so
happy to bring on my smart brown girls
along on this ride with me embrace your
human asst and all its grandeur continue
to be open-minded and ever-evolving
smart brown girls and guys and thanks
for the ride but tell me what is
something that you have achieved in 2014
let me know in the comments down below
happy new years
you
