stop expecting your friends to be your
customers that's not what they're there
for so yes I get it as much as we want
our friends and family to be all-around
supportive expecting economic support
just sets you up for disappointment
you will lose valuable friendships and
likely find yourself with the failing
business hey i'm jules e head smart
brown girl in charge and let's get into
this and go ahead and thumbs up because
whether you like it love it or don't
agree at all it's still an engaging
discussion just want to be a dialogue a
key so come join the party and subscribe
if you know No hello hit that button
down below thanks funny enough I really
wanted to address this because of memes
I've seen floating around and I've had
people explicitly ask me to address this
and I think they believed that I was
gonna be on their side about friends
needing to support their friends
businesses and I'm I'm just I'm so sorry
sis but I'm not my friends and family
support me in so many other ways I do
not expect them to be my customers or
consumers it's hard when you are
starting out and we often see this like
surface narrative of the black person
with the big family all the friends just
living a life with support you know
everybody there for them i Kitty I did
jabber walk in high school it's like
Delta's on a debutant program not
because I really want to be a delta but
more so because why decay just cost too
much money disease and really have
nothing I didn't even know what actually
wrote live tonight so the doses I was
like alright I think at least it was
guaranteed that if you entered into it
you get like a couple hundred dollar
book voucher for a college when I think
back to that experience I just remember
being sad because most all debutante
programs at least within the black
sorority circuit are essentially
fundraisers where the girls raise the
funds themselves and I'm sure in the era
of like trying to survive up a GoFundMe
so we all know this feeling I didn't
come from a big family or a big church
where I was gonna get all this communal
support to fundraise like I kind of knew
that I wasn't gonna win win anything off
by raising so I was hoping that I would
win off of being the poorest I wasn't
shucks they did have like a economic
needs scholarship I was always ever
scared my way
something Wow I realize and I'm sure a
lot of y'all realize our early agents
that yes your network matters well we
realize that we lack access to an
established successful Network
financially successful people that are
in positions of power to do things for
you when we lack access to that it could
be doubly frustrating when you first
start out even y'all friendly family
don't support your events why share
content or buy your products I don't
want to dismiss your feelings I
understand them and I didn't come to
this point magically I had to work
through it myself too I want to help you
work through it without going through
all the mistakes I went through because
I want to help you think about it a
little bit different in a way that will
better your relationships and your
businesses overall let's just keep this
simple your friends are your family
they're not your customers and for very
good reason they support you in other
very meaningful ways and I'm talking
about healthy relationships here cuz I
do understand we don't all have healthy
familial relationship but within the
context of that healthy family and
friends that these are relationships
that should nurture and provide
emotional support so socially let's just
think about this who do you call when
you just need somebody to talk to who do
you just shoot the breeze with talk
with over cocktails at happy hour and I
remember customers are not your friends
they match a gal pal they don't know you
in real life friends fill in support in
different ways there are friends who are
part of your closest circle friends who
give you advice friends who give you a
different perspective and inspiration
friends who you can talk about your
goals without judgment family who knows
you intimately and they love you and
when you complain about them not
supporting your business think about if
they cease to exist to be part of your
life in the ways that they currently are
and they were nothing more than just a
customer would you be happy like I love
my smart girls I love you but there's a
lot that I go through my personal life
that I definitely am not picking up the
phone to call y'all about okay just to
keep a road true deal so no my momma
doesn't have to watch it on my videos
she doesn't have to buy a smart brother
item
as it is my sister no not my friends
there is no expectation okay I need them
to be there when I gots to cry about
something I need to be there when I need
to talk about this platonic F boy for
the 50th time and I only give you out
too many details I need them there more
than I'd even buy a t-shirt all right so
your family and friends are supposed to
be your customers they're not your core
audience and you really do a disservice
to yourself when you attempt to rely on
them as customers because you're not
honing in to who is your actual audience
who is the person you're speaking to
what do they believe in look like how do
they live what are their interests what
value are you bringing to them and then
how does your brand connect to them this
is how you should uniquely grow and
market your business your aspirations
your career Drive whatever and therefore
how you brand yourself and yes we are
the era of branding ourselves now I'm
not going to try to charge you $25 for a
brand new seminar about how to keep
followers on Instagram but I'm just
trying to tell you in every aspect of
life especially if we aren't whether
we're trying to climb the corporate
ladder or whether we are small business
owners or we are making our own products
or whatever there is an aspect of where
you have to brand yourself and relying
on using your family as a point to which
how the world views you and therefore
how you should brand yourself girl
there's a lot of bias
I don't know strategy-wise I was really
active so I'm trying to help you I'm
trying to help you don't you know don't
make the mistakes I made when I started
smart brown girl
it wasn't about all my friends watching
my videos I didn't even really tell my
friends that I had a YouTube channel as
long as your friends ain't sitting down
having an intervention with you girl you
go watch that video and telling you how
you go nowhere in life when you do it
your business I mean I definitely I
wasn't even worried about my friends
being supporters I just want to not be
negative I think because I situation
happened I valued my friends my other
friends even more because I want to hold
on to them and they were just there for
me in other ways so then I focused on
who I was actually speaking to who was I
reaching who did I want to reach how do
they engage me worrying about my friends
support as customers and
summers just dilutes all of that and
honestly when you focus on your business
you get the right product out your
friends and family they will eventually
come around my mom was not watching my
videos when my audio is jacked up when
I'm talking a mile a minute and she's
known me for the past or three years of
my life I don't understand why when I
talk of speed of lightning she can you
still on the scene be like Trish what's
going on but you know now that I've
gotten it together you know I think a
little bit more about my speech and how
fast I'm talking my minds now yeah at
that age fort is lit you know she
watches and she calls me what to talk
about head and I'm like girl just
comment the video come play it but I
didn't have to ask her to watch and it
really means a lot more to me because I
understand that she actually appreciates
a product that I'm putting out and once
I establish myself and honed it on my
craft and got my audio together cuz girl
I know it was bad I'd be cringing we're
not gonna watch my old videos but my
friends and family have supported
without asking I promise you I promise
you it means so much more than if they
just flatly supported all the time it's
like oh girl you know she always
supports you know it's cute whatever but
it don't really mean that's it it's just
how the human mind works we start to
take things for granted when we come to
expect them and they happen without us
doing anything when it comes from a
place of genuine enjoyment I know it's
from a place of my work connecting and
me putting out a stellar product
especially when it's friends that I
never thought would have even been
interested in myself it's amazing who
will come around and how they come
around it's just great that my message
is being received it tells me to be more
giving myself I know it's girl you might
be like thank I gave the support that I
wanted why I gotta give more but think
about the things that you do like that
you do enjoy I'm always like you know I
think it's black women we tend to lurk a
lot because we're worried about what
other people will think about what we
enjoy and the things that we like but
girl I'm worried about nobody else tell
about the things that bring you joy let
people know that you are watching you
are hearing you are supporting your
purchasing whatever you're doing however
you're engaging other black women
particularly other black women business
owners I realize that I have to be I
should be more forthcoming and
them know that I support what they do
and I love what they do and engaging
them in meaningful ways so yes I do buy
things for my friends businesses without
telling them because I genuinely like
their products I appreciate that kind of
integrity so much more I know their
friends and associates rather and family
who do take without giving that's a
whole other topic for another day that's
not when we talk about you don't talk
about so healthy relationships between
y'all are you really like you know you
have an equal balance give and take we
know I'm specifically talking about the
people in your life who add value in
other ways they're gonna have to think
through who those people are how they
add value so you can appreciate them
from where they are and you can focus
your energies on your brand's and your
business and your career girl yeah if
you guys smart brown girl get it pop its
lay down okay says and I promise I
promise I promise when you get it
together and I'm not talking once you
get that big check once you're wealthy
once you're already there I'm saying you
want to start hitting stride and you
might actually not even realize you hit
that stride and it'll be your friends
and family who come in and get their
support be like oh wow wait I'm doing
something she did some didn't even have
to ask for support because when folks
see that you are serious and go product
whether you are the product you want the
brand or you are servicing something
when they see that that is consistently
dope they will indeed support you with
the love and joy you deserve all right
stay blessed and I'm by this is smart
brown girl deuces
