hey guys this is Julian this video is
sponsored and brought to you by Opinion
Outpost check out the link down below in
the description box it's where you can
sign up because a bunch of research
companies need your opinions and you can
earn money Amazon gift cards I can give
cards and a bunch of other things thank
them for bringing the video to you I got
a story to tell and I just wants to tell
this story one of the amazing things
about the great state of Texas and
residing out here is just the low
comprehension skills of the workers at
like the post office in the doctor's
office hi and one of those people who
lost my health insurance because of
Obamacare welcome to the middle class
now apparently in the state of Texas if
you do not have insurance birth control
does fall under preventive care they
have a program out here called like the
women's health program you can apply for
it you're approved you can then go to
the doctor and get laid preventive
Women's Care I applied online now they
send you mail when you apply online and
then they tell you the trip to mail back
in your form and they tell you to mail
back and your front right starting date
now they told me I needed mail black
white forms in by December 3rd and I got
my mail on December 4 go on the website
to see what the offices are to apply and
it says clearance day on the website you
may be able to go into a doctor into a
doctor or clinic office and apply and
get same-day services so I'm thinking
alright this is great I can go into the
doctor that I want to go to anyway and
apply I don't need the same day services
so I call the offices closest to me it
also happens to be right by the daiquiri
Shack and any reason to drive through
the daiquiri Shack window and pick up a
daiquiri it's a good reason to me so
doctor are Okies the family sent her on
Collin Boulevard was the one that I
thought I had to go to where I go I said
let me call she said yes we take the
application
in the office and you could come in and
I say do I need to make an appointment
no you can walk in what time are you
open so we're open till 4:30 Monday
through Friday sounds fabulous
it's a couple weeks later I finally got
it together got the paperwork the money
it and drove out to the office now when
I get to the office they did it really
the lady claims that she member speaking
to me and telling me that it costs one
hundred and fifty dollars out of pocket
I'm like well actually I don't like we
don't even talk about money because I
wasn't asking you about out of pocket
cost I simply asked about this program
here because if it's out of pocket cost
I'm going to a boozy doctor okay right
well still I you know I did call you
told me I could put the application in
in the office and she said oh I don't
remember that part you must have heard
me wrong because I definitely told you
do that I can put it for you now at this
point I'm a little rude i said no i'm
you know i speak and clear in full
sentences I'm quite sure I got what I
asked you across oh I don't want you to
put me on an application I'm simply
saying on the website here like and I
pulled up the website it says you can
also apply at a clinic that offers the
Texas women health program services fill
out the form at the clinic and you might
get the service the same day hey you
know I called them before like now you
wasted my time so yes I'm offended and
I'm doubly offended that you are trying
to push this on me as if I misheard you
like at what point did we forget that
the consumer is like in theory always
right doesn't say that our gonna be
right but there's more appropriate ways
for you to address the miscommunication
that happened between the time that I
called you the time that I walked into
his office to constantly try to push it
back as if I'm wrong or I miss her or I
don't know what I'm talking about I
don't is that I'm not feeling it then
they're like oh we don't even know what
you're talking about so I poke the
website and they'll call the number and
verify so I called the number as is on
the website
they're like the numbers is on the
website any of the know that you talk to
little white people because they just
fade of Texas this is a Houston thing
I'm like okay now I'm doubly confused so
he gave me another number to call their
call it said yes you can apply the
doctor's office they'll send they'll
take your application and call the
details into this number and verify you
they're on
alright sunlight before I walk back in
and try to real the least people about
what the Texas Women's Health Program is
telling me let me call this number that
the do gave me saying these people will
verify my application for me finally get
through to someone and this woman is
like I have no clue what you're talking
about you can only mail the application
in you have no other option for filling
out this application and I said but your
website give several other options can
you please pull up the website and tell
me what it means when it says
that you may be able to go to a clinic
and fill out the form and get same-day
services can you please interpret that
for me because I thought I spoke and
comprehending English pretty well and
y'all shoulda played me like I'm done
and she was like I'm not fitting to
Google this program for you I'm telling
you what it is I was so they should be
the surprise on the phone
supervisor pull at the website and she
says I don't know why that's on there I
apologize this is not how we work but
she's like since you're at the doctor's
office just have them fax in your
whatever paperwork you have for you
since you're there and then we'll prove
your position the lady who was trying to
argue with me at the beginning she's
over in the corner that's right at the
front she over the whole situation so
I'm tired look I'm not gonna argue with
you they said they don't know they don't
know why it's on the website so just
faxed in my paperwork and the lady
defies like oh you actually had your
paper in this whole time like you were
ready to fill up the hi petition I was
like yeah I'm with the headphones it was
argument first place still trying to
argue with me she's still trying to
prove her point that she is right and I
am wrong
and at this point I'm just like but like
why can't you let this go Oh what do
they say to you what do you say you know
I can still put you at the application I
can supercharge the application I'm like
I don't need the application I'm just
frustrated because the website says one
thing and you call several different
numbers those on the website
and they all have a different response
to give you so I was gonna fax a what I
have here and I'm gonna let go this is
really what got me at the doctor's
office the lady with the headphones is
going back and forth bantering with me
about it and I'm trying to talk to the
person right here to come as gonna fax
my stuff it's not even that serious I'm
not finding admit that I was wrong
because I wasn't because I speak English
and I have
good reading comprehension skills I
didn't even say like that but that's
what I'm thinking and it's not the over
here just ease to shut it zap it and
leave me alone right now and I'm trying
out the curves because wheeze in a
doctor's office and I'm trying to keep
it cute there's apparently a young lady
with her back turned to us the whole
time sent on a computer she want a
little g chat she another office
assistant
whatever this chick turn around and the
miss to me try to tell them that I just
want to back to my stuff like old ladies
still try to pull the point to me and
says why don't you just go to the
grocery store and buy some condoms come
again and Sully what did you just say I
said why don't you go to the store and
get you some condoms as did that serious
what oh when you want to cuss somebody
out so bad that you forget all your
other words and there's no a lot of
words I forgot oh my word but without
her head and cuss her clean out and I
did not I did not curse that huh I
stammered because I was just I don't
know what made you feel like that was an
appropriate statement to make to me I
was not talking to you
the entire time that I've been in this
office so why would you turn around and
interrupt my conversation with something
that is so demeaning and rude you don't
even know why I want birth control so to
Alou then it's simply with a matter of
sex is so ignorant and so rude I don't
have time for this you don't need to
interject in my conference anymore and I
don't know who when it's obvious in that
this is okay behavior right now because
it's not and she laughed at me skinny
move move it excuse me you know what
you're not you're not even the doctor so
what I'm not gonna talk to you about is
my medical issues because what I'm
well-versed in is my medical issue so
can we just fax my paperwork and please
I just don't get it you know what the
only reason had them fax to them because
I was like after all this arguing charge
nothing to do something for me today but
what I won't be doing is going back to
the ort a rope
roko what have you said my behind to the
white people part of town went straight
to peril in in the what the ritzy part
and $75 later walked out with a birth
control prescription and the doctor in
an hour and 15 min there I've been in a
situation where you want to cut somebody
out so bad that you forgot all you're
wearing let me know in the comments down
below thanks for watching
