hey guys it's Judy and it's time for a
smart brown girl Thursday my best delay
made up
I have no flex to give about my bed
right now it's Thursday and it's late so
today I finally got around to doing a
smart brown girl tweets it's a smart
brown girl Thursday I was tweeting about
vulnerability and relationships and I
get a interesting amount of questions
around kind of relationship relationship
advice whether it's just talking
specifically about someone else's
relationship and how they should move
forward or how I feel about being a
single black female and dating in 2014
and um you know relationships are just
part of my life that I like to keep
private I've added some more so get into
the actual like relationships like
dating and significant others topic and
talking about vulnerability and taking
risks because you know this is
definitely been a growing experience for
me I'm moving to a city and not knowing
anyone is not for the faint of heart
I particularly wouldn't recommend it for
anyone and which is why you guys started
asking me for like moving advice and
should he move to Houston without a job
or knowing someone I ain't thing to tell
you to do that this ish and easy but
it's been very gratifying for me just
I've really been trying to grow as a
person right I knew I know that I've i'm
very emotionally insecure and so i've
been working towards getting over my
emotional insecurities and working
towards getting comfortable being
vulnerable not just in the kinds of
relationships but in life in general it
is not been easy again but it's been
very worthwhile know allowing yourself
the space to be very clear about what
you want need and deserve in a
relationship and not feeling like you
have to be concerned about other
people's opinions about how you do
things you know i really believe in
living a life with no regrets and living
the life that i want to live or so like
that other people want me to live and so
i have not been very traditional in
dating just because i just don't care
for I don't really like to date in
general I'm not a big dater and so it's
really taking the time to sit down and
think about Who I am as a person and
think about the other things people have
said to me and figuring out what of that
I really want to apply and letting go of
other things that I just don't find
necessary you know I've been very
blessed to have really good friends or
friend dunno
interviewed on my youtube-channel she's
a scientist at Johnson & Johnson it is
an amazing awesomesauce friend I love
this shout of her and it's been great
having someone who is able to tell me
when I'm wrong without being judgmental
or able to make me think about how I
might be wrong without being judgmental
you know I went through a situation
recently and I decided to kind of go
against the grain and do something that
everybody told me not to do and when I
talk to suna about it it wasn't it Oh
Jules II don't do it that's so damn did
it it it it it it a you got to be strong
black woman she was like well let's take
some time and think about where this is
coming from like what is your intentions
is this it with good integrity like
let's sit down and talk about and work
out the nuances of kind of why you want
to do this in a way this is coming from
let's really think about it that's a
really supportive friend who can sit
down without telling you - way to go but
give you the space and help you think
through the direction that you think you
want to go in and then come to your own
conclusions also I keep a journal I've
been journaling a lot more lately and
it's been very helpful because you know
when you go through things and emotions
tend the cloud and complicate things you
know it's good to be able to go back and
look you know I was reading my journal
from like 2008 and I'm like you know I'm
able to see patterns that I do in
relationships and when I'm dealing with
men you know it's like yo I do this
thing every time it really kind of
provided a moment of clarity for me and
helped me feel more secure about the
decisions that I'm choosing to make now
as an adult that I can see my growth
from when I was you know 21 is what you
have to be careful with and finding
friends this is a tricky part is that
often people what I've heard from other
people is people telling them that
they're weird or they're different or
they're not correct and feeling the way
they feel and I mean I really feel like
when it comes to emotions and how you
feel or emote there is no rulebook to
how things are supposed to go I think
when people tried to tell you when that
your emotions are weird or silly it's
only because they don't have the time or
the energy to care really you know my
books ended on there's a character
Sheldon who's based off of my real life
former friend Sean and I remember me and
Sean were really really cool someone
point
he lived with me and every day I would
come home with talk about our days or
whatever like every day we just talk we
shouldn't talk so much and when they
shown was really upset with me because
he said I never asked him how his days
going and I was like what kind of bitch
action is this like what are you saying
here talking about like really bad and
he was like he stopped me and he was
like no you really gotta think about it
does he's like you know but I talked to
you and I asked how your day's going
every day
do you not appreciate that and I was
like yeah and I'm he's like well how
does it make you feel and I was like it
makes me feel like you care he's like so
how do I know that you care and I had to
take a step back and be like you know
what that is true I'm being very
careless and telling you that you're
silly fulfilling some sideway about me
not asking about your day like you were
honest enough to bring it up with me and
I should respect it and give it some
thought and put it into application and
so I did and ever since then I've been a
lot more cognizant about dealing with
people and checking when they come to me
talking about their emotions whether I'm
saying things cuz I just want to talk
about I don't have the energy to give to
them or because I really feel that way
and so rather than telling someone that
they're silly or stupid or weird I
usually will tell them you know I just
am NOT in the space to give you advice
on this like I really just don't know
and I can't like if you want to talk
about it to talk I just sit here and
listen but I really just don't have a
whole lot to say and I think that's
really a lot more respectful and helpful
to someone than telling them that
they're weird I was really upset the
other week about this boy and I just got
the phone my home girl and she's like
you know it really changed how I think
of you and you know I just want to
protect you from ever being that upset
and I'm like you know what honestly
though you can't like at some point in
time I'm gonna be that upset again and
I'm okay look I'm really okay with how
emotional I am and it's taken me a while
to get to this point and being okay with
my emotions because for the longest time
I really wanted to be cool I always want
to be cool and kind of carribine through
life and just always do that person you
know I'm a delta so we ducks and you
know you pat a real hard on the water
but you let everything else slide off
your back and I really wanted to be that
person that could have said everything
roll off my back and it's like honestly
shit don't roll sometimes it starts to
slide and get stuck I throw that pity
party and shake it off and then it roll
away off and I have
allowed myself that space to deal with
my emotions because for so long I
haven't dealt with them and the name of
having a lot of pride and being a strong
black woman and just getting over it and
moving on and doing things that I'm
doing myself and I'm thinking when I end
up in a relationship that I want it to
be some sort of like I want a Negro to
be singing it every morning when he
wakes up to me singing John Legend all
of me like we are giving each other all
of ourselves I'm gonna ask someone to
give me their whole self if I can't give
my whole self in return because I have
not dealt with my emotional self like
all this Steve Harvey wait three much
before you have sex and you guys to have
this and this and this and this together
I think a lot of discussion just misses
the mark I'm talking about how much it
matters to have your emotional sense of
self together you have to shed your
emotional insecurities and it takes time
and it's not that all am I gonna let me
let go but have to just deal with these
things with me in me first before I can
go seeking them in other people I've
been learning to let go of being worried
all the time of letting go of my anxiety
I don't have to read between the lines
anymore I can just kind of let go and
let things be and exist in a space of
just being okay with whatever may come
and I really could get on this platform
right and start a whole relationship
series and I could make a ton of money
be the clickbait topics of how to find
you a man and get Marian's wadis other
stuff and I just honestly don't feel
like any of that stuff is really
beneficial to people because it's not
it's not tailored to you personally like
it all comes back to you and who you are
as an emotional person I would encourage
all of my smart brown girls and guys
especially the men because men are so
much more insecure than women it's like
oh my gosh y'all have a lot of shit to
work on but you know you know if you're
fortunate to have that friend that you
can talk to definitely utilize them and
be be that good friend that you need
from someone to someone else to you know
it wasn't like me and soon to kind of
hit this stride off the mark like we had
to get to that point where we were doing
it for each other and that's why it was
like okay well you know when I
to you Niles upset you gave me the
benefit and you helped me think through
something this is how you talk to me so
now when I deal with you I can talk to
you and do help you through that in
return and if even if you don't have the
friend keep a journal and write down how
you feel be very clear and succinct
don't try to skirt over don't beat
yourself up for being sad you know grad
I was out in public crying into other
week I'm like I'm not I don't feel bad
about it like yeah I look a hot-ass mess
I was weak as fuck but it's fine like
I'm human and those feelings I'm allowed
to have you know like i sat on the phone
with crying my homegirl and then the
next week I'm like fucking I'm good and
it's you you know you roll with it I
feel my pity party I got me about a wine
and I got over it and I'm dealing with
it how I want to deal with it I'm not
dealing with it based on hi everyone and
I was just telling me how to deal with
it really dealing with things that I've
avoided for so long and I'm benefiting
from it a hundred times over and I clear
everyone keeps commenting about how much
happier I look girl it ain't been easy
but I've been doing it and then also you
know um I feel like I get a compliment a
lot more of my look now I walk us
through when people that like what I
have makeup on or nine no matter how my
hair is someone's always telling me oh
my gosh you're so beautiful and I feel
like that's because I'm living the life
I want
it was searching for my happiness and I
had to really look for it within myself
and deal with my emotional and mental
self and get to a space where I could
own my weaknesses and not let them
defeat me and I feel like it exudes a
hundred times like you know my skin is
cleared up I'm radiating I'm illuminated
girl poignant tractor and my books ended
on his I write and this is coming from a
place when I wrote this this was about
and this you know this was correlated to
myself at the time about feeling like I
could just never kind of grasp on the
totality of Who I am supposed to be like
who is I you know what do I deserve what
do I have the right to and I feel like
every time I go out for something for me
it wasn't coming back in the way that I
wanted it to come back and so um you
know I you know I was thinking the other
day because I had a moment I was outside
in a parking lot talking to someone and
I just like oh gosh just came over me
and I was like
he my homeboy was looking at me he was
like why are you looking like this he
just just give this look on your face
he's like and I don't know who's like
what's on your mind at the time it
wasn't my mind wasn't empty but I just
didn't have any worries from what was on
my mind and then you know I walked away
and I realized I had to tell I can i I
don't think anything came over me I feel
like all this worry and anxiety that
I've been existing in for some time just
kind of like lifted off of me you know
like in this chapter I say I cannot
articulate my emotions only I lower case
I can allow anything other than happy to
escape and even that is only through my
thumbs my emotions can only be explained
through music though I allows my pride
to become my hubris never allowing the
world to see anything other than cool
solely be ice cream
from the inside scratching screeching to
be released a delusion of all my passion
and emotions of the real me and I that I
is so afraid that no one can handle I
isn't that I I is that lost I needs to
be saved
save me save I save I think I've been
saved and I feel really good like even
if I get my feelings hurt again even
when I am upset
even when I'm going through these less
than feelings I'm still in a really good
space not physically you know but like
emotionally and mentally and it took a
lot of hard work and I think we in the
kinds of relationships don't talk about
this emotional hard work that it takes
to find a satisfaction always talk about
in a very kind of functionary times and
I want to encourage all my smart brown
girls and boys out there to take that
time for emotional growth so next time
you're in a situation and your friends
are telling you whatever about this guy
this girl that you're seeing and you
know I want you to take a step back give
yourself a moment to feel however it is
you're feeling right about it sit down
give yourself a moment of clarity if
you're 21 and under you just need to
like take a break and walk away cuz I
promise you it'll come back to you
tenfold but if you over like you pay
some bills right and you got show ish
together otherwise and you are really in
serious relationships and you are going
through this range of emotions don't
beat yourself up over the length of time
but the person don't beat yourself up
over the physical contact you've had
with the person well if you talk the
person for two weeks and you crying over
them it's okay
you have that right but sit down and
take some time to give yourself a moment
of clarity about where your emotions are
derived from before you go talk to your
friends about it and then when you make
a decision just make a decision with
realistic expectations about where you
can go from here and what you are
willing to put up with emotionally and
what you are okay with dealing and also
think about if you based on your
decision what are the opportunities for
growth in that decision or you make a
decision based off of comfort and
familiarity and not when they let go or
you make a decision because you actually
think there's room for growth and
opportunity and maturation in this
process and I think that is how you just
you find the right relationship I ain't
got all the answers but I do know how to
put the work in and get the gratifying
results and I feel like I am on to
something so hashtag smart Brown girls
let me know down below have you ever
made a decision that was opposite of
what everyone was telling you to do and
what was the outcome whether it was good
or bad let me know especially my older
ladies out here I got all the life
experience let us now give us some tease
about what's been going on with you
right thanks for watching as always you
can follow me on twitter at Josie I'll
be doing Thursday a smart brown girl
tweets you can feel free to leave me a
topic if there's something you would
like me to talk about and comment thumbs
up this video because it helps me out
share it with your friends and of course
if you are not subscribed subscribe to
jewel Z and come along for the smart
brown girl ride all our welcomes thanks
for watching this is don't even mind the
fact that my bet is that made in the
background
no one cares my face my face should be
all the focus
