hey guys it's Judy and today is smart
brown girl Thursday and it's an
extra-special smart brown girl Thursday
because give me a second
so this hair is crochet braids I will
have a video on this later this is
what's taking me so long to get this
video I get into this smart brown girl
t-shirt and sweatshirt that I'm super
happy to bring to all my small brown
girls International shipping is
available you just have to put
international chef and cause I'm sorry
it's so expensive girl this will be a
pre-sale of the shirts all these shirts
for the pre-sale will ship on November
19th so go ahead and place your order so
we can figure out what colors were
actually going to take the shirts itself
really kings.com where you can get yo
sure it will actually be a slouch neck
though this is a crew net I don't
particularly cap the crew neck I mean if
Co but I like the wide scope neck a
little bit better it's a little bit more
feminine and just super cute so that's
what's actually for sale on your de
Kings a comment but I'm just so excited
to bring this to you guys what is a
smart brown girl what is she bark brown
girl is about taking hold of your own
reality and defining your own success
story I feel like as women of color you
know I'm telling this from the lens of
being a black woman in America is that I
feel like from my own struggles in life
I've been so often forced into picking a
singular silo having to find to find
myself by someone else's standards I
carry on as I choose to carry on I'm
looked down upon I'm ashamed
I'm demoted I am demeaned for being who
I want to be and I compadres of lesser
melanin offs often are lauded for their
ubiquity whereas women of color are
often put down now to go ahead and
address why I chose brown over black I
mean I do identify as a black woman in
America but I also though that I live in
a very small world
one of the aspects of being a smart
brown girl is how
a worldwide preview and open-mindedness
- always evolving and learning and
exploring the world around you and being
cognizant of how small the bubble is
that you live in and what I found across
the board is that women of color of
darker melanin face very similar
struggles in their people trying to
place them into their own boxes based on
what they feel should be the proper
norms for them being told that they can
only do or only be or they're not good
enough or they're not allowed these
opportunities that they see other people
pursue and so that's whether you're
looking at a woman of color essentially
in India or Pakistan or the South
Pacific or even coming back to America
Native Americans anywhere where there
just are women of darker melanin I feel
like we share similar struggles in
trying to just be and being allowed to
just be I growing up was so often told
that I was not black enough where spoke
whether it was my interest whether it
was the college that I chose to go to
whether it was the sneakers that I chose
to wear the music that I chose to listen
or the people that I chose to date my
blackness has always been a point of
discussion for others and so I just
don't even want to get into the
conversation within this movement about
what is black enough I didn't want to
give anyone the right to say or define
whether or not someone else had the
right to be a smart brown girl cuz we
always will find a reason as to why
someone success isn't desert oh well
she's only there because she's
light-skinned her she's only there
because she's mixed she's only there and
you know I'm guilty of this too so it's
not that this is something that I've
never participated in it is that I am
aware of this I'm working to do better
and that's a big portion of the smart
brown girl move
is our awareness and our willingness to
work on it and do better
this smart brown girl doesn't give you
the means to define my blackness for me
it doesn't give you the right to say who
can and cannot be I want it to revel in
the fullness of my ubiquity and so smart
brown girl is what it is most people who
want to cobble over the use of brown or
black please take out a Crayola crowd
hold up the brown one hold up the black
one and see which one your melanin
matches closer to and we will Oh smart
brown girl is about defining your own
success story and whatever pathway you
are defining it in in it is about
allowing yourself to revel in the
lowbrow the highbrow that educated the
ratshit in between if you like so and if
you doubt the strip club but you still
can have a discussion about Frantz
Fanon's wretched of the earth that does
not denote your intelligence it does not
take away from the caliber of woman that
you are and I wanted to revel in the
fullness of just being a 360 human being
being a person who does occasionally
contradict themselves but that doesn't
negate my value so often growing up I've
been told by others that I there I'm not
enough of something in order to succeed
we even on this YouTube space I'm not
enough of a beauty guru or I'm not
enough of a comedian or I'm not skinny
enough or I'm not fashionable enough or
I'm not pasty enough to succeed and so
it's like when you try to put me down
and demote me I am going to create my
own pathway and this is my pathway I
always have to be on in order to be it I
don't always have to be this super
positive all Estero all being oh you've
come from my womb person sometimes I do
have an attitude sometimes I am in a
mood and I am allowed that and sometimes
what I do want to talk about is why I'm
in the mood and how I want to work to
get over it because no one's telling me
how to deal with these emotions and
these feelings because we always have to
be
something that you have defined for me
and so allowing you to define your own
it's your own moment your own reality
your own story of success allows you the
vulnerability to be a little bit more
open about who you actually are the
things that you do want to work on other
questions that you had and so I'm hoping
to kind of build this movement up and to
definitely involve you guys you smart
brown girls a lot more in this process
and carrying this movement and I really
want your support and your help in
making this possible to me as a smart
brown girl you know to end this though I
do want to say that in for everything
that I stand for and allowing yourself
to create your own success story it's a
you know defined smart brown girl as you
want to define it there are some basic
constraints and I have gone over this
whether it's in my disagreeing and
messiness video or my smart brown girl
criticism video is that even in when
we're enjoying a bit of the ratchet or
we're enjoying a bit of the you know
lowbrow we are always women of respect
and honor we don't we always are people
who strive to do better even when we've
made mistakes that we are working to
learn and to grow and to evolve and so
that doesn't mean that we put down or
knock down or hold down other people we
are women who look to have a sort of
openness amongst each other and that we
can uplift in the humanity that exists
amongst us and not to do no more than
wale a palm tree like it's Palm Sunday
girl you know what my friend used that
against me the other day when she shaded
me she's just waving my palm branch like
it's Palm Sunday and I was like chink
you tried it but that's what it is about
it back against those who wish to define
you without understanding you why this
movement did come out of frustration in
you know being on YouTube or just in my
life in general in every path that I've
taken constantly being told that people
don't get it because black women don't
do what I've done or women of color
don't do what I've
and there is nothing for people to kind
of mirror me against and so I feel like
if you don't get it because you've never
seen it before I'm gonna show you that
it exists in many different shapes
colors and sizes and so if I can move
this audience along and create this
movement I can show others that we are
in value we exist to be taken seriously
and then show them how to have this
conversation and that's it
thanks for watching I hope you guys pick
up a shirt let me know if you like it do
you love it
