hey guys as Judy and I am home out here
in Houston Texas for all you late my
brown girls that don't know that I've
moved to Houston I've moved here I've
said this in a million-in-one videos
with every time I posted on Instagram
someone's like oh my gosh hi Houston
what are you doing in meet-and-greet I
did one back in July you missed it I'm
sorry but anyhow I moved to Houston and
like the fool that I am I moved here
with out a car but fortunately due to
the good folks that drive STI they've
been helping me find a car that I would
like to purchase because I am just like
petrified of walking into a car
dealership I just can't even really like
articulate what really about buying a
car that scares me but when I was living
back in Delaware my mother had given me
her Honda Civic with ten-year-old car
had over a hundred thousand miles on it
and the engine had bust while I was
driving to my job in DC from Delaware
not a good look and I just
ever since that experience I've been
very trepidatious about owning a car you
know during the time period that most
people get acclimated to owning a car
and go through the whole experience at
their first car purchase I was living in
New York City the city where you can get
chocolate wasted and get on the train to
go home it's 8 o'clock in the evening
yeah girl that was me in my early 20s
and so now I facing the idea of having
to buy a car it's just moving into the
unfamiliar with me for me and I feel
like I'm not the only woman who's like
that because I feel like so much of car
marketing is marketed towards men or the
idea that as a woman when you go into a
car dealership it will have someone else
to go with you and so since I am not
only single but I tend to live a rather
independent life and that my family
lives on the East Coast I don't know a
lot of people out here in Houston you
know I don't want to have to be reliant
on having someone else
or a male walking into the car
dealership to get a good deal so I
specifically wanted to come and show you
this car that I've been previewing this
week not because I'm getting paid or
this is sponsored and none of that doing
most of my car reviews on my blog cuz I
don't want to mu date you guys with a
bunch of stuff that I don't know whether
or not you'd be interested in I'm so I
do have a consumer empower empowering
single woman to buy a car column on my
blog and I post like maybe every other
week car reviews for cars that I do like
and feel like are worth talking about
and people might be interested in you
may have seen my post on Instagram or
Facebook if you follow me there but I
went to come show you guys this car one
because I am previewing this week the
2015 Chrysler 200 C and it is so stock
full just features like its features
overload on this car and I felt it would
be a really good example because one of
the things that I have figured out in
the kind of two months and I think it
maybe five or six cars so far is that I
really thought I was going to go into
the dealership and be like super duper
chief get a used I'm definitely still
gonna get a used car but get a used car
base model with like as few features as
possible and I'm not paying for nothing
extra and I feel like driving these cars
most of times they come with all the
features on the car so I've gotten a
better understanding of the features
that I do like and I think would be
worth the investment some of the
features that I wish I could afford and
some of the features that I'm just not
really too keen on and I feel like okay
whatever
all of these new cars come with a button
on the front to start the car so this is
another one I wonder if it goes a loud
radio the start feature in here Oh
one of the spoiled features that I know
I don't really need but I really do love
is the sunroof on these cars I drove a
car last week with no sunroof and I'm
just open hey get you some sunshine and
the cool thing about this one I think it
goes it opens in two tiers so if the
passengers in the back don't want to
have to deal with the Sun they can
shield it up and then open it with some
air right there so get into this
dashboard all of the buttons on the car
this is new this thing this is how you
change the gears here's the display we
also have a rear-view camera as we back
out of my driveway we're not gonna back
all the way out today everything is
knobs on the inside of this Chrysler
which is pretty cool because it makes it
a little bit easier to kind of navigate
around but it does take some getting
used to because I'm so used to turning a
gear and I think I kind of like the feel
of a gear like it just makes me feel
like I'm doing special even though I
only drive automatic cars both of these
cars now drive themselves like literally
so all these cars have a blind spot
alert on them and that's something that
I definitely think I'm going to get on
the car on the Chrysler it's a little
bit different because it's simply a
passion triangle right here that will
light up when somebody is in your blind
spot is a meter that reads a couple of
feet out around the car you are not in
your lane that little feature on the
front
we'll light up and the car will kind of
realign itself and then it will alert
you to please put your hands back on the
steering wheel but it follows the lines
on the street it's really kind of crazy
I don't put the turn signal on to merge
into the lane it's the car will push
itself back at the lane like this sting
will give you a little bit of a harder
time about changing lanes so you kind of
forces you to be a much safer driver and
always use your turn signals before
merging or crossing over a lane at
another car and it actually had an alert
that would go off on the dash but at the
front if you were too close to a car in
front of you but it also picked up
shadows and it would gobble it back and
you'd be like what other lady bro oh my
gosh I'm actually just freaking out all
the time so I just was not here for it a
lot of the cars for that are more
economy priced or doing kind of like a
mix of leather and fabric which still
allows you to give it a more expensive
feel without having a spring for the
full price of having a full-on leather
interior so I think that's kind of where
I'm gonna go with this this car has a
lot of the technologies built into it
because there's no gear you have space
to store stuff down here cars also
SuperDuper great on gas you actually
have one of the settings as I showed you
earlier in here it allows you to see
what your average miles per gallon are
pretty much for me sits around the 24
miles per gallon mark which is pretty
good I've done a ton of driving and I'm
just hitting a half a tank of gas
Houston's a very big city gas is cheap
here but that doesn't mean that I want a
car that's not good on gas because that
price can add up quickly this is a v6
engine and it's a four wheel drive car I
myself since I live here in Texas and
hopefully I'll be staying in Texas I'll
probably go for the cheaper model with
this the front-wheel drive because all
wheel drive is really for those who go
through all four seasons not that it's
four wheel drive for that but it helps
you to turn better in ice and snow and
since that isn't something that I really
have to worry about out here in Houston
I think
I actually skip on that but I don't know
give me some advice down in the comment
section below let me know if you're
looking to buy a car you're just
dreaming of buying a car you just buy
the car what are the features that you
absolutely must have in a car one of the
features you wish you could afford in
the car and what are some of the
features that you just don't really get
now my smart brown girls I'm trying to
empower everyone to be a super smart
consumer how do you like this Chrysler
200 see I think I love it why you trying
to go out to eat you know me you think
you look great
we're going to get Nigerians food gonna
be delicious
we're taking guys with me because I'm
