it's Josie and it's time for another
episode up pops nari we discuss
everything solo back to the high brow as
long as your eyebrows are on fleek you
are good to go and this week because it
is 3:30 Saturday and I said I was gonna
go to Houston alumni chapter meeting
which I've been to 30 clearly I'm just
gonna go for the end cuz I don't need to
sit through three hours of Delta deers
arguing with each other sip on some
water this week because I have to head
out the house and I don't want to roll
up anywhere a little bit tipsy abuzz cuz
I gots to be um proper protocol this
week so clink clink clink clink Cheers
another week pop snark let's get this
right uh-huh
and a very hectic week like my gosh I
don't know
I thought mercury and retro game was
retro dating out this week with TG IT
and scandal and how to get away with
murder I actually was very happy with
this week's episode of scandal I'll know
who is just me or if y'all was feeling
it too but I felt like this storyline
finally kind of sort of picked up and
started to make a little bit wee bit
more sense
I felt like um former past president
Cooper was like all the shades thrown at
Ronald Reagan we see you Shonda but his
wife gave me all the giggles when she
said said since bitches have to get to
this song and pony show like whoever
says that I got to figure out a way to
use that term now the storyline that I
really wish would die which is Fitz
owned Olivia it seems like there's gonna
be resurgence of that I don't know how
it's gonna play out maybe it seems like
because of the plot line that Mellie's
starting to feed into and now this whole
do I do we still have hope dialogue
between Fitz and Olivia who knows guard
but I'm over it I don't really want to
see that she dumped um pelvic bones no
more but you know shot I don't care
about me how do you get away with murder
I'm still confused about girl stuff
although I don't I'm a watch because I'm
a support but black-ish was super cute I
loved the ending with them all in the
Jackson 5 costumes
Diane the younger twin the girl twin is
still my favorite and would I still be
tuning in every Wednesday I'm also still
here for the voice yes I will be too
I actually was home this Monday but I
didn't was always was two hours girl I'm
gonna go back to like watching the
recaps after because two hours is a lot
of time to dedicate to one television
program but I am interested in seeing
Menelik performance I am still here for
the Taylor's both of them
Taylor the one kid did a rendition of
Taylor with three names did a cover of
mad world which is like a super
depressing kind of like song but his
cover was just it slowed the song down
it was just so beautiful and I've been
listening it to it all week long you
know I did a video the other day about
smart brown girls and living the life
you want I was all in my fields and I
just had that song of rotation because I
felt like it's somehow was like spoke to
my feelings in that moment about this
hair I know someone's gonna ask what
this hair will be in the wig Wednesday
tutorial I'm putting up a tutorial on
how to make awake I literally just made
this this morning so people keep asking
me about my lip colors I've been putting
in the description box says Liv lately
that's why I have not been replying to
you guys because it's in the description
box so please before you ask questions
do click and up in the description box
so much information there for you o.k so
street harassment i holla back is like
some sort of not i don't know what they
are like a media company not something
they did a video about street harassment
now i'm going to get around to writing a
blog post on this I just don't know if
I'm gonna put it on my blog or somebody
else I write for um but the video was
basically a racially ambiguous leaning
towards white woman walking down the
street of New York I mean she was she
was wait she was like part if she really
mentioned she look like what like she
was white or maybe like Persian or
something big curly hair was walking
down the street of New York City and
they filmed her for ten hours to try to
show the impact of street harassment now
for those of you who do not live in New
York City and I know when people start
to talk about problems in New York City
they tend to act like this impacts the
entire world I do think street
harassment happens in other places but I
lived in New York for eight years so I
get the gravity of street harassment
however I don't know that people outside
of major metropolis area is like are
really gonna understand it like someone
in Delaware
might not get you harassing as much
because my biggest thing when I moved
out of New York was realizing or DC
definitely has really bad street
harassment it's just on a whole nother
level in DC in Baltimore um but when I
was living when I'm with the Delaware I
realize like oh snap there really are
places where like the sidewalk ends um
so people don't really walk you kinda
over stuck to driving and I think that
really cuts down on kind of the impact
that street harassment might have on
some body but I I don't know I think I
just think that the conversation is so
liberally bent like it's so far to the
left and it's so New York centric that
that's why it's a hard time for people
who don't live in cities like
Philadelphia New York LA DC to really
kind of get why this conversation
matters now there were a few issues with
the video I think I'm just gonna do a
whole nother video on this topic because
I have a lot to say about it it feels
like the conversation the tone of the
conversation is misguided and really
hard for the people that need to hear it
to understand it and so all the men you
see in the video are black and Latino
but I lived in New York for eight years
and I will tell you white men can be
some of the rudest and most offensive
and most aggressive when it comes to
street harassment I am NOT of the
variety who feel like it's a problem for
people to say hello to women or
compliment of women as long as you
understand that I don't have oh you
anything to respond and you will let me
keep walking and go on with my day and
you'll just take the El on that said
hello to a lot out here and Houston
people will come up start a conversation
and once they realize that you don't
want to talk to them they will leave you
alone without cursing you out and I
think that's really where the problem
comes with street harassment is that
there are a lot of women on a day to day
with a smile beautiful hello oh bitch
why are you guys as soon as you don't
say nothing you become a bitch you
become all these derogatory terms and it
gets really aggressive and it does get
very scary and uncomfortable when men
follow you down the street and it's like
you have to get then divert yourself
from whether if you're like walking home
or something you really don't want
somebody following you up to your front
door and that has happened to me several
times so I get it I just think that the
video loses it
this is the conversation around street
harassment losses impact rather quickly
it gets diverted into oh whoa why can't
someone say hello to you or why can't
someone pass the compliment so you're
saying you just don't we talked to you
at all and that just totally diverts the
whole essence of you know it's not that
you can't say hello to someone but you
don't they don't owe you a Hello back
and that doesn't give you the right to
enter to their personal space then this
week I've been reading a whole lot I
actually run a pretty interesting
article in The New Yorker about the
slave trade that's still going on in
Mary Tanya there's more richness which
is the island off the coat like off the
southern east south east side of Africa
and Mauritius is on the coast of
northwest Africa it's between like
Morocco I want to say Burkina Faso but
girl don't be calling me on my geography
I'll be remember it read an article
about the slave trade that's still going
on and Mary Tanya and the kind of
abolitionists that are working to
resolve it which I think it's just
relevant to let you guys know that there
are people around the world outside of
your world who are still going through
things that we think might be antiquated
ideas such as slavery I also watched a
movie called IM slave a couple weeks ago
on netflix about a girl from sudan who
was sold into slavery to she ended up in
a slave trade in sudan and then was sent
off to England
it's like based on a true story and she
was a slave of a Sudanese diplomat and
so the slave trade is alive and well and
it's mostly affecting the black and
brown girls around the world and it's
just I feel like it's something to be
aware of I don't really know what to do
about it or what but I think it's always
good to be aware of the world outside of
you Matthew knows newest daughter she's
super adorable she's just a chocolatey
M&M drop a big big natural hand with
autumn curls on her hand she is super
super cute apparently her mother didn't
interview an extra and of course I feel
like it's always clickbait because they
always tone these articles with Matthew
Knowles baby mama wants the daughter to
meet Beyonce basically like I watch the
interview the woman was as
if she ever wants her daughter to meet
Beyonce what about Solange what about
the other little boy that Matthew knows
has just been laying the cream first of
all Matthew knows the bras
don't forget so he's just out here pipe
and everything and spreading his cream
everywhere he can no Joe but what about
salons and what about the unlivable way
but I don't like it when people ask that
but I feel like she was set up because
the reporter who was interviewing her
asked her specifically do you want your
daughter to ever be Beyonce and she's
like I'm open to it I don't have a
problem with it shouldn't really go into
like oh I can't wait whatever whatever
but a little girl was super cute super
adorable and at least it seems like
Matthew knows has some decent jeans like
I guess can I am like home fix Matthew
knows life um I don't know
Oh No k.michelle had booty pictures like
nude booty pictures that supposedly
leaked and I mean I know k.michelle
supposedly my store she is from the beta
out foot fetish FAMU chapter oh ah I
just thought I mean I like her music I
just don't like her as like I can't I
just can't I be one to rock with her but
I just it's like girl no no like how you
got a picture and you are in MBK
management which is MBK offices which is
her management team
I think it's Alaska's company MV I
forget what it stands for
but she's you can see she's like
standing in front of doors in an office
and be Kang sine is above the doors
we're trying her pants and her jaws pull
down mostly corn bread silicone booty
all out and in her hands is lifted up
her curl wand job on her wig was
glorious thought but you can look in the
reflection of the doors and the glass
and see that there are two people
standing behind her taking the picture
of her but like she is posing I don't
know maybe it's cuz she's at or coming
up maybe because she's new album coming
out I get it how you need to girl but I
just don't
does she have a new reality show I just
don't get why people have to kind of
lose their sense of self and integrity
in order to be successful I think there
are other ways to do it and cameras
showed us has it all wrong every time
you wanna be like oh girl that's song
I'm filling it you can't really sing
you have to like I can't fuck with you
right now cuz you're doing this dumb
inch but he needs two guys wife changed
your eye color black girl laws and you
know the article on the cold bitch she
had like a PS no on it about how when
you talk negatively about these
celebrities or people of Fame that you
have to remember that they are human too
and that we can we really blame tiny for
trying to better her look when we pretty
much dog or out for looking like Miss
Piggy now oh I think TV looks
interesting tiny teeny whatever you want
to call her it looks interesting my
issue with her is really heard limited
vocabulary I just I just think she is of
limited she just doesn't have a full
grasp on the English language and you
know on top of it she has a very
interesting look and on top of it she
has an interesting voice and I just try
not to talk badly about her because I
get it you know I get dogged out on the
internet - it is what it is um and it
does hurt and it does suck but you just
have to Alan I feel like when you are
making and living the lifestyle that
tiny is living
you really can't give it much credence
so I don't know if that how that really
compensates for her doing and I change
surgery that has proven to be very
dangerous to your actual eye sight like
I don't really like ice blue eyes on
people of darker melanin I'm just I done
told you asked Evelyn I'm doing we had a
whole conversation about how I feel like
people black people who are born with
naturally light eyes and have lazy they
have lazy facial expressions I don't
know it that really makes sense but I
just feel like people that are born with
like color eyes tend to rely so heavily
on the fact that they are brown skin
with like other eyes and so therefore
the whole world should pay it forth to
them that they tend to just not they
have like this I don't even know how
text I've made it MIT's I think I made a
matrix in the moment about how like they
just are like like they face
just looks lazy like they just sew
because they just think you've been and
look at the eyes the whole time and it's
like no I really like green eyes aren't
gonna do anything for me I mean I can
acknowledge I think people with brown
eyes have beautiful eyes I can
acknowledge when eyes are beautiful not
as because they're colored but I don't
know that tiny changing her eyes is
really her being black girl loss I mean
you have to remember she is half white
so I don't I don't know that that has to
do with it I think she just she has her
limited vocabulary suggests to me that
she just has a limited kind of stream of
consciousness and a limited and maybe
intelligence maybe that's been tried to
say and so I don't know that she even
put that much thought into trying to be
more white or whatever she just thought
that crystal blue would look interested
in Q and ain't nobody else guided I'm
sure it was the most basic train of
thought before she went and messed up
with her messed with her irises but
whatever girl do you boo I did go see
dear white people last week I will be
doing a blog post on it once I figure
out how to actually talk about it I will
be doing a full video review on it
because I think it deserves that because
of the conversation that's going on
around there where people but to give
you a tldr really short synopsis here
there's a lot of hype around the movie
justifiably because it's finally not a
Tyler Perry film movie of intelligence
that's supposed to speak to the black
middle class college educated person
black person and so I get the hype
around that bull are kind of resenting
the hype at the mobi is getting and so
they're already going into an exhausted
because I just tired of always hearing
about it and I mean it's kind of like
this fine balance right like I feel like
I mean I read a review on very smart
brothers I think Damon who were editor
there made a good point about how a lot
of people who like the movie like it
because what the movie stands for not
because I like actual parts of the movie
and I think I'm somewhere in that class
too you know if you want to call me
guilty of that yeah I like the movie
because I think if we can support this
and make it a big deal and it create the
revenue it needs to there will be more
opportunities for more and better
stories like this to be told it will
create more lanes for it to show the
real diversity of black people and that
we don't just need a black man dressing
up as somebody mammy
for us to get us out to the theater or
we don't need Tyler Perry redoing black
classics and watering them down to the
same motifs of black men with HIV and DL
niggas like oh I just miss out over his
films so many times I mean I appreciate
his story but his just filmmaking I'm
just like really why did you do that for
cover girls I'm still salty about four
color girls and people wasn't the best
film I've ever seen it was very heavy on
the cliches I feel like Justin Simien as
I say his name Justin definitely like
crammed every single thing he could into
that film like he was never gonna have
the chance to do another film and I
think I mean but it makes sense like how
often do people get that chance to do a
film like this and I think you know if
you can go and enjoy ish like drumline
or any of these kind of other cliche
simple black movies what is it why did I
get married or whatever these Tyler
Perry films are I mean I think it offers
similar humor I don't really get why
anybody would be offended by the film I
think people are trying to make an
offense over the main character Sam cuz
she was a light-skinned girl but I feel
like if you really go watch the movie
and pay attention and if you know
anything about the black the archetypes
of blacks and film and theatre she's
playing in literature she's playing into
the same archetype that is it what's the
girl's name in women of Brewster place
camisa Camilla
Kamiya the chick in Brewster place that
come from a bougie black family but she
moved to the hood because she went to be
a part of her people and she had this
whole conflict she did a class conflict
she had a conflict between being from
upper-class and having more opportunity
but still feeling like she wanted to
prove her blackness and I think Sam
played right into that and that's why
she was white skin I mean Tiana Paris
Giada Paris plays Coco and I mean I
think her character was very interesting
I do wish that her character was
developed a little bit more and give it
more of a storyline because I think the
complexity of what her character is
about about a black girl of darker skin
who has a ghetto name
and it's kind of started from the bottom
now we here and it's trying to really
revamp herself trying to revamp herself
by pushing away what she identifies as
the negatives of being black and then
kind of losing herself in that mix I
think that's relevant story because I
feel like there's a lot of women out
there who are going through that you
know cocoa wear blue color contacts
she's like one step away from tiny her
iris color change I get when people
wanted more of her story but that's the
fact is that the story was in there in
the first place you know I mean for you
to one more of her story means that
there was some dynamic after the story
in the first place
and oh oh I like Coco story the most I
wasn't really feeling a saying she
hadn't ruined my cup of tea but I get
the point of her story and it starts a
great conversation like you want to walk
out the movie and talk about it like you
want to go talk about it with someone
else whether you liked it or loved it or
just kind of felt lukewarm about it you
want to go talk about it with other
people because it brings up a lot of
topics because our stories I need to be
told stories that don't need to be told
is Lena Dunham
now Lena Dunham is the creator and
writer of creator of these HBO series
girls about for white girls who some
somehow are having a very homogenous
experience in Bushwick Brooklyn now let
me tell you I lived in Bushwick for
seven months too long living in Bushwick
sucks it's nothing but hipsters I'm not
gonna say it sucks because of well I
wasn't a fan of living in Bushwick it is
really full of hipsters Mexicans and
rats and that's not shade to the
Mexicans because I love some tacos and
the Mexicans living there what about the
best part of me living in Bushwick
because the stock Anthony Bourdain's
favorite taco tortilla factory is in
Bushwick Brooklyn and there was his
bodega that Celt the best out past our
tacos ever in my life that was like two
blocks over from my house to Bushwick
but then there's absolutely positively
no way to live in Bushwick and not see
ordeal or live with other people of
other ethnicities
I just don't know how you're telling a
coming-of-age story of four girls in
Brooklyn and it ain't nothing but white
folk like how like how a real
coming-of-age story about living in
Brooklyn read my book send it on that's
what it's about
yeah I just
so I was already over Lina with the
whole girls thing but I've said a lot of
you who are a fan of the girls show some
for whatever reason people tend to
connect to the character Shoshanna
she was the least annoying for me when I
did what I watched the first season but
I just thought you know what like it
just it bothered me that someone like
Alina who has parents that are wealthy
and connected can get the hook up and
then be acclaimed as if she's something
so great as if she didn't get to where
she was because of who her parents knew
and I feel like there's so many other
people out here with quality stories to
tell and they just don't get that same
platform because they their melanin is
too deep and they just don't have the
right connections so I chose not to
spoken speak about it because I feel
like obviously that kind of is a bitter
outlook on Lena's success and I feel
like you know what people like it
whatever you know obviously people
connecting with it I just don't get it
and I just I don't have anything else to
add to the whole Lena Dunham is only
popular because of she's white and
wealthy I don't have anything like
people that already wrote several think
pieces about it I ain't got nothing else
to a so I just avoided it but Lena
Dunham recently put out a book I find to
read a book I've been to buy it no girl
um but she apparently it's like a
nonfiction kind of loosely based on her
life supposedly not supposedly and in it
there's a passage about her at seven
years old fondling her one-year-old
sister
masturbating next to her one-year-old
sister and playing with her one year old
sister vaginas so much that the one year
old stuck pebbles up her vagina and when
her mother they were talking her mother
had told her about fallopian tubes and
eggs and she asked if her little sister
had the same vagina as her and I'm gonna
said yes just smaller so we're gonna
decide to go explore so just pretend
that again and found pebbles in it and
she called her mother over and her
mother was not surprised that Lina had
spread her one year old sisters vagina
open now if you we're not even going to
get into the anatomy of a one-year-old
because that just
that already precedes with so many
questions about what are you doing with
the one year olds private parts and just
so Lina got on Twitter today to kind of
counter people who are taking offense to
these antidotes that made it into her
book basically the molestation of her
little sister we're not even going to
get into the disembarkment of her caring
for a sister's emotional state as an
adult but at seven for you to put in
even if it's a loose tail like at what
point is this humorous are funny if this
was a man we would all be up in arms if
this was a black person just forget
about it I don't know how you can get in
Twitter and think that lol and giggles
can forgive you of molesting your sister
it is absurd it isn't crazy and is
offensive and girl that's all right it
guards all the time I live here for pops
and I are trying to keep these stuff
under 20 minutes don't judge me thanks
for watching what are some things that
you have read this week what are some
topics that you would like covered let
me know what are you sipping on this
week I'm keeping my skin and glow it
does water Cheers
