Wow hi I'm Josie and I recorded 15
minutes of video and my mic wasn't even
on I am a hot mess we're gonna do it get
ready with me it was really get ready
Mimi mukbang but I ate like half my
halibut and overcooked broccoli just
halibut was expensive you even see the
piece I had the halibut I paid $11 for a
half pound but I unbox ahead to my
deejay lesson cuz I'd be taking lessons
even though I can't either to save my
life but I pay for it sorry but try to
make more of an effort to leave his
house looking like I give a I'm
looking like I'm awake looking like I
care to live in this trash country could
you never know who you might run into
you know you just won't look like a
pleasant person and so we're gonna do
this get ready with me now this hair
that I have on my hair actually it's a
little wig I do not have it glued down
there is no elastic band in it I made it
from Brazilian wavy hair from beauty
forever I have a friend told it's 20
inches then 20 22 24 and a 26 inch
bundle I put three and maybe like I
think I only put three bundles and they
hey I clean this there is no way to get
four bundles on this you do not really
need more than like two-and-a-half
bundles of hair you can legit get away
with this kind of hair we're doing two
bundles and a closure because the look
is supposed to be a little more sleeker
and lay flatter and I kind of messed up
making this wig because there's you know
if it fits snug but I didn't give enough
room to even glue down the lace if I
wanted to I might be rushing to make
wigs and stuff I'm a mess and I realized
I've been giving a lot of first season
Real Housewives tease with my wigs they
look a little thick a little puffy
they're not really laying in that flat
because I fold the waif when I fold the
whipped over I don't cut it when I sew
this down and because of that you see
how long it is oh wait check the shirt
though
thank you snapchat but if you see like
it just kind of like falls off at the
end there's not like a real gradient
it's a little butchered and I think
that's because when I folded the way I
ended up doing a lot of the 26 bunch of
bundled dead in the center right here
and it didn't come all the way up around
like it should so I need the
this wig but the way it is currently
it's wearable I wore it while I was at
craze for change summit in London at the
beginning of June I've been doing a lot
of traveling which is why there has not
been a lot of video if you follow me on
snapchat which you totally Shea they
would a chronicle my journey we're
constantly forgetting losing having to
replace expensive ass makeup that I wear
left all my makeup home because I have
it in this nice beautiful
jus a case it was sitting in my carry-on
that I decided not to take with me when
I went to Vermont two weekends ago this
is the case that I have I love it it's
series this will help me remember to
never forget my makeup I literally this
jewel a case I got it because I'd be
influenced by the influencers I saw Nima
Jackie in like the South of France girl
put me on your influence jus a and the
case is like seventy something dollars
when I got a fifty percent off coupon so
I work this stuff out it's a little
expensive but it's really pretty it's I
just like the organization because I'm
not a very organized person so I need
all the help I can get
I have my brushes and then you open this
flap I can't really lift it to show you
if it's gonna kind of fall out but like
foundations concealers blushes highlight
face eye stuff eyelashes mascara primer
on my lip stuff and then all my powder
powders foundation powders this way I
don't have to like take it out and then
I have makeup for when I'm just like
home and I want to do my makeup at home
we're gonna do like a pseudo light
because we're going to the grocery store
because we're stores are when you meet
fine man act I don't know how true that
is
just Negroes not here dressed like they
shop at Kmart but no we won't we all we
just go with the positive thoughts
okay positive right so what's been going
on I just got back from VidCon VidCon
this year was a lot of security and a
lot more guidelines as to what we could
and couldn't do and where we could and
couldn't go and they basically routed
all the future creators through the back
this was my year first year being a
featured creator mostly because of what
happened last year with like the Paul
brothers purposely causing a scene
whatever that white girl is tannic on
she tried it she got banned from I
believe she got banned or at least was
not invited back to VidCon after the
stunt she pulled last year and then she
decided to throw her own like convention
at the hotel
Idaho tell by VidCon during VidCon and
it's like I wonder could a black woman
get away with selling 5,000 tickets for
a space that only holds a thousand an
attempt to spite a major convention like
VidCon that is run by Viacom and come
out being able to simply apologize for
the event being shut down within an hour
and not being sued by like the venue
this girl just embodies white privilege
and I was in the car with that the
really big girl that used to do videos
which I don't I got to be seen these
people in a timeline like she's always
like doing funny faces and like
Chrissy or something I don't know she
said she used to live with Tara and
she's like yo the girl is crazy when you
meet her parents it makes sense white
privilege is generational process stupid
vo down the Okies black women don't
never get love like that bro let me be
loved you all my stupidity so that kind
is always kind of interesting because
you know you realize that you're really
not meant for the YouTube world like I
am just not your quintessential youtuber
I'm not a beauty person I'm not a
comedian I don't have the look or the
aesthetic of the youtubers and I don't
really care to and it's also weird
because like you see a lot of people who
like you might watch it you recognize
and I never know like am I supposed to
go speak to these people when it comes
to speaking to people a lot of people
I've met before we've been in the same
room together we've been at the same
moon before but I've already gone
through the introduction process with
them so now am I supposed to go up to
them and introduce myself again
like if you kind of recognize me why
wouldn't you just say hello as well you
know I never know who is supposed to
speak in these instances I saw people
that I had like full-on conversations
with at YouTube black and they just
would look at me like I suppose we'll
come speak first and I'm just fine if
you're not gonna say nothing
hi you know to lead under her mom are
always a sight to see
yeah like the BuzzFeed cast okay so the
people that are still at BuzzFeed and
quinces not there anymore and I dunno
Quinta
but like the other BuzzFeed people like
especially if the black cars I don't
assume that like they would recognize me
at all but it's like you know they kind
of just walk around like day-night like
they're not approachable now that
they're mean people but they just kind
of like like none of them were gonna
speak until spoken to essentially you
know but it was fine I had my squad so I
wasn't really worried you know we bagged
we did the day we did what we had to do
and it was great but it was kind of like
dag all the peril like people were there
you need to be like oh my gosh I'm a fan
and then they'd be like oh hi but they
weren't saying anything otherwise I
would suck up but it is a kind of just
weird dichotomy that's happening like
funny story I don't think I've ever told
this but I was definitely on a flight
with the Sheik natural we sat next to
each other and didn't speak the whole
flight and I'm like body language price
and if I don't find if I don't see it in
to like say hey I'm Josie nice to meet
you I'm not searching for and I trust
you be I have no problem approaching
people that I don't know when saying
hello and introducing myself but like
when I was on the plane this is like a
year two ago with the Sheik natural she
like was already in her seat she had the
window seat I had the middle seat yeah I
didn't know we were youtubers because
again the BuzzFeed another BuzzFeed crew
happy to be on height and they did say
Helen we were all like oh yeah we were
all going to the same YouTube event it
was me the KC lifestyle and lahar name
was Kim we were supposed to all meet at
the airport like we all knew we were on
the same flight together so like I guess
because me and Kayla knew each other it
which is I don't I don't know we took it
upon ourselves to like meet up at the at
the gate well then she brought it before
us she was on the plane and she like had
her hair like this in front of her face
and her face was face in the window and
she was like on her phone her phone I
like a screen protector so you couldn't
read it and I was just like okay well
she real private and I she was asleep
but it kind of her bridling which is
like just don't bother like I don't want
to be bothered so I left her alone
and then when we got off the plane we
were all supposed to be in a car
together she did and we had to like
email the the travel person that booked
all her travel to be like yo where's the
third person um cuz they they booked our
travel by our real names and so I didn't
realize who the person that was the
third person that was listed on all our
travel was and they were like oh she um
got a friend to pick her up and I'm like
dag we all got off the safe why and then
she literally like ghosty like disappear
like I don't know man it was it was I so
I definitely didn't speak and it's like
is that considered rude I don't know if
people's body language is suggesting
that they don't want to be bothered then
I'm not going to bother this spending a
little too much time with these eyebrows
okay not a lot of time left here we're
gonna keep that going I put the gel on
it already
in other news outside of youtubers and
weird interactions I decided to go back
on my depression medication now I
haven't really given an update on it so
I don't think people realize that I kind
of had stopped taking it I consistently
took it for like a month
I take wellbutrin gonna take two times a
day but I think I'm gonna stick to just
one because two times a day makes me a
little too like buzz legit legit
I feel like who somebody had tweeted
like the other week about how like
mental health we tend to talk about it
in a very kind of binary monolithic way
at my doctor because I don't have
insurance anymore I stopped paying for I
had insurance through the marketplace
there was Affordable Care Act insurance
nobody takes that issue in Texas
especially not in Dallas you know I
happen to find one doctor near me it was
a Nigerian black woman she grew up in
New York so she was fine her husband was
like fresh-off-the-boat nigeria and he
was a physician's assistant and i would
i didn't dislike him cuz he was a very
nice guy but like just trying to like
talk to him about things and I don't
need a parable I don't need like this is
not a stops fable I did not need about
to know about the turtle crossing the
river brah I might I can't my ear hurts
like can we just get this ear infection
he was argumentative but when I would
tell him something was wrong he'll just
be like nah that's not it and then turns
out that would be like what I said was
wrong what was wrong one I think Loki it
was just kind of like a privately owned
clinic for like low-income people
because that's the only time people that
ever
that ACA insurance in Texas I feel like
I would tell her things about like what
was going on and she would always just
kind of like laugh at all whoo I got
another one of the hombre blunt brushes
and I did keep this because I returned
most of the makeup that I bought in
Boston follow me on snapchat if you
don't know what I'm talking about
um and I got this new color it's so
pretty
it works like a contour on me like I was
having like my knees were achy and I
don't know something sometime with my
muscles on my bones you don't get oh
she's like nah that's just depression it
should go away and it hasn't I'm gonna
get length referrals to other kind of
doctors like I need to see ENT because
my ears are naturally cleaning so yada
yada yada it was always like a headache
or whatever it was always a little too
happy to give me prescriptions and I
think wellbutrin is great I just don't
think I need this high of a dosage she
gave me but I hadn't stopped taking it
consistently because I was just
traveling a lot when I travel I one
always forget to pack my medicine and to
like I just don't like I'd be feeling
real happy when I'm on the road I'd be
feeling happy so I feel like I would
take it but I realized when I come back
home I kind of like crash and then I
like lose all my motivation I'm just not
inspired where I live currently that'll
be changing because you know i'ma handle
that yeah I was just realizing with how
my moods been impacted with kind of
simply being over living in Dallas and
then just having so many moving parts
happening that I was sinking into a not
salt
to depression me yeah I need to get it
together so I guys together and I
decided to start taking a look while
we're trying it again and it's been
going good just update on that the only
thing is it does curb your appetite
which isn't actually a bad thing but I
legit like yesterday I ate quinoa note
meal which typically leaves me super
hungry girl didn't eat again ate the
quinoa to oatmeal like 12 looked up it
was 10 p.m. I was like I haven't eaten
all day let me eat something you do be
thirsty which is fine because I drink a
lot of water no I know that I had
anxiety and that's what I had tried to
tell the doctor before you and she's
just kind of like no no it's just
depression I'm like no I've been
clinically diagnosed with anxiety since
I was 12
I haven't giardi brother I'm a bit more
wary ER and taking anxiety medication
maybe is just all in my mind but like
the idea of having to bring down
like a downer versus the upper mm-hmm I
don't think my anxiety is really
triggered by anything though that's kind
of the hard part like I might just need
to take medication for it but fine like
healthy lifestyle habits to cope with it
naturally would you don't gotta be a
therapist but again the insurance thing
makes it extremely difficult here in
Texas I'm hoping once I move that I can
get it together I'm not depressed in the
sad kind of way even though this world
is depressing I was more so depressed
and like oh like a really deep deep like
lack of motivation oh this Becca Hydra
mist pet press powder is like wet and I
like it a lot so I'm just gonna put it
on because I want like it's like voice
oh girl
I realized that that peach mister I
usually wear from Urban Decay was
leading all in my bag and then I went to
buy a new one and because I didn't check
my bags they made me throw a brand new
$35 bottle of setting spray away oh
right in the eye okay so I picked this
one up by Rite Aid it's fish Revlon it
was like five dollars girl it'll do the
trick
we just even like soaked in this
highlight girl they see well it's the
eyebrows doing a lot today
are they doing a lot today to discuss Oh
ancestry I don't know how people really
care about this stuff and I legit don't
know how to do a whole video about it
cuz I'm like who would really care but I
have been putting together my family
tree and I've been really frustrated
because my mother side of the family who
migrated from somewhere in North
Carolina well her father and her mother
turns out both of their families go back
to North Carolina now my grandmother my
mother's mother we don't know her father
and I've been trying to figure out how
to find him
now I definitely matched two people DNA
wise on ancestry black folks who are
related to me and I know for a fact that
related to me via my grandmother's
father and his last name is Nelson and
there's happens to be one woman on there
whose last name is Nelson who's
definitely related to me be the Nelson
family and she's just like oh we have a
Bible with all the family names in it
and that name is not in there and I'm
like sis we talked about negroid I was
born
in 1880 who let during that the heaviest
period of lynching in America III feel
you but it's like you know trying to
like inform people black folks I'm like
how african-american history actually
works and how you know things that they
might believe to be like facts aren't
necessarily not true but they might
there might be some variation in what
they believe to be true straight Amy
because I often find myself like really
having to explain to people
african-american history and the
different ways and clues to look for
certain things and that I believe my
great-grandfather's name was Herman
Herbert Herman Nelson it also might be a
middle name he might be a junior he
might be a child of just the mother and
not the father like there's all these
things that people just kind of don't
really have a whole lot of patience for
it because they don't really care but
all that to say aside from my
grandfather's mother I've also been
looking for my grandmother's all right
so my great-grandmother my Nana's sister
and brother because I have pictures of
both their families particularly her
sister my great aunt Helen I like a ton
of pictures of Helen and Helen's first
two kids Frank and Elsie like a lot a
lot of life in my video about blessed to
be African American most of those
pictures are from my mother's side of
the family my mother's mother's side of
the family
Unitas me emailing all my mama's fourth
cousins because most of people she
matches to her white and I know how
they're related because my grandfather
is a descendant of a woman who was half
white half black our mother was a black
slave woman named Hannah and her father
was this man named this Irish plantation
owner named Alex Delancey you know the
white niggas was host the right boys was
hoping to everybody's just out here
having 20 million kids every which way
with multiple women everybody so we're
gonna put on a natural lash today I
actually like the baby dummies the best
but my that's the setting spray that
spilled out into my makeup thing spilled
all into the baby Demi but lashes and
they're there now covered in dust and
not usable so we're gonna do this here I
wanted to say I've been messaging my
moms for cousins and I messaged a young
lady the other day and I just kind of
said no generic message like hey it's a
distant relationship but
I have been able to trace other lineages
that go further back than this and the
girl got back to me and she said Helen
Jones is my great-great-grandmother and
I was like minded could you know how
hard is apply the Helen Jones in New
York City and New Dorp Harlem New York
in the early nineteen hundred's born in
1901 you know how impossible because my
grandma my great grandmama is Louise
Jones and she was like yeah Helen berry
Frank and then had three kids and one of
those kids is my grandmother and I was
just like oh my gosh oh my gosh I have
so many pictures of your family this is
the family I've been looking for so now
I'm waiting to hear back from our again
and it's so like girl why don't you love
in the ancestry everyday why don't you
get back to me immediately this is real
family like this is real real family so
my mom is a granddaughter of Louise was
a sister of Helen and this girl is the
great-great granddaughter of Helen so
that makes her I guess a fourth cousin
for some reason I thought that sort of
connection would show up a little bit
closer and not a lot of black relatives
particularly on her mother's from her
mother's lineage have taken the test her
father my grandfather comes from a big
family with a not common last name
anyway well what I thought wasn't common
I guess it's common in North Carolina
who like a really big family who own
businesses both the branches seemed to
have been light-skinned mixed black folk
even though my grandfather Browns name
um who lived between the plot to Charles
Maryland and Philadelphia so that's my
grandpappy but my grandma and Harlem
couldn't find nothing and I finally
finally broke through and I am very very
happy I'm very very happy about the
prospect but I need her to reply back to
me I need her to call me I need to have
a face time we need to meet I didn't
know where she lived what's been going
on boo can we trace some family pictures
she could be older than me you know my
so my Nana had my grandma when she was
21 and then my mom had my mom didn't
have my mom so she was like dag Nair
forty's so that's why she the goose-girl
would be Helen it's great great I'm just
a great because kind of skipped a
generation because historically my
family all the women were grandmothers
by time they were in their mid 40s
that's just how the cookie crumbled an
optometrist was telling me how bad
eyelashes are for your eyes like false
lashes like how much bacteria being the
glue we put on and I was like girls not
gonna stop me toe isn't that horrible
I'm like will I go blonde like I'm sure
there's bacteria in it funny thing is
the optometrist was like a cousin to
Deepika who's a big beauty guru and
Deepika waste the glasses all the time
she's like yeah girl I know she'd be
trying to tell me all the time and I'm
not gonna start wearing lashes do you
they hack I was gonna say I need to be
by 320 is 321 wow wow you're inking well
this is melted you're inconsistent with
tying we're gonna make hella late this
class so instead of getting a deep fryer
I got like an air fryer two months ago
and I've been cooking a lot more cuz I'm
just lazy I don't like having to stand
over the stove for nothing so what I
love it's the pot and the little air
fryer I got began all the work but all
my chicken a lot of seafood now I need
some bomb chicken wings last week all my
vegetables 18 watt every morning for
breakfast now my digestive system has
been enjoying the ish out that air fryer
insta pot because I have been eating way
way out there dude all right we're gonna
top this with ten lines because tan
lines really does do something my lips
are a little chapped oh but don't mind
that see what it does says hey it just
blends perfectly to everything
everything just whoops oh all right that
is the look we're gonna head over to my
DJ listen now he's gonna be like oh hey
you know this Grey's with me you're
always meant to be a key down below so
comment a long girl engaged me matters
it helps that's what yesterday was
telling me I'm like if you want to get
better on its they're gonna comment and
not just like a heart or like oh I like
you like creating a dialogue
I don't like okay that's true that's
what my whole brain is about is creating
a critical thought dialogue so I need to
make sure that I'm doing a better job
communicating that but thank you for
watching I hope you enjoyed this quick B
let me know how your mental health is
going let me know what you working on
know the circumstances you've been in as
of late okay put me in one sue sue says
