hey guys it's Josie and it is tag
Tuesday huh I have been taking
suggestions from you guys about the tags
that I should be doing and I'm just
going to was recent one suggested to me
was the so party girl to hang which
display my interest anyway because y'all
have been requesting that I talk about
being in a sorority and I've been pretty
frank about the fact that I am NOT doing
an entire video about joining a sorority
because Google comm number two there's
really no way to do a video about my
experience or about being in a sorority
and without it coming across as elitist
by default it is elitist and that just
is what it is want to create an avenue
for any sort of bashing or disrespect if
it's something that you don't agree with
then keep it moving don't do it it's not
for everybody he is what he is and no I
am not wearing my letters in a video
because first of all if you don't know
what sorority I'm in girl like what rock
are you living under if you can't deduce
but anyhow my sorority is copyrighted
trademark they will come snatch o
letters if you are rockin your letters
in a video and is not an authorized
media so I can't come on here with my
letters in a video and be reppin from my
sorority they really will come find me
and snatch my letters because some of
they don't agree with so that's number
one
I'm financial I don't earn my letters in
a marathon-- distraction from you off in
OBS
so I'm keeping cute and any love a wear
shirt that I created I sell a few of
these left for my stores in the know
that when a cop one I think I only have
extra-large links will be down below to
purchase is the name of your sorority
Delta Sigma Theta
what is your stories hand side it's so
funny because the Tri delts a girl
definitely my thumbnail was like this is
for tri Delta and then some
do this and that some of my sisters do
this so you could see the three deltas
in there and I'm just like girls so we
don't really know
hey-ho if you haven't figured out what
else's hand sign that is bad always want
to rush a sorority so I think you don't
rush for the divine nine occurs a little
bit differently we have a rush you go
you definitely have to go to rush if you
want to join the sorority or
fraternities but it's not the same as
with like when I was at GW I know
there's like a rush like week or
something like you go visit the
different houses you can go to like
multiple sororities rushes you know got
a multiple stories rushes on my side of
things you find one you do your research
you figure out what you want to do when
you shop today brush that's a um but I
guess since I want to be a Delta since I
was like eight that that therefore meant
that I always want to do rush so I did
rush what was recruitment like for you
what was recruitment like for you yeah I
don't remember being recruited though I
don't spit it they didn't they didn't
come find me I came and found them and
did you know you found the right house I
don't even know if currently Delta's the
National Organization at large does not
allow you to legally have a house I
think we kind of mix that in the but a
while ago on top of the fact that the
divine nine or just caused by space
black Sir Isaac attorneys tend to have
very hard times getting leases to houses
on their campus compared to you know
their lesser melanin counterparts and so
uh yeah I didn't I never had that
experience of finding a right house what
was the easier favorite sorority related
memory um my favorite sorority related
memory you know we just had our
Centennial last year that was awesome I
really loved my Delta deers I while
living in New York was in the Queen
very well to sawyers in the chapter and
Delta theater essentially someone who I
think it's over like 55 or 65 basically
it's the older soror in the chalk there
and you just you know you give them a
higher level of deference I guess Tyra
who's like my face I love me some
thyroid
she's like wrote chapter B sometimes if
it sees Tyra is like my spirit animal
I love Tyra when I was living in New
York I would go out to Queens and have
lunch with her and I called her since I
moved to Texas I call her every couple
of weeks just check-in it's like hey boo
how you doin house by Tyra my boo thing
and I love I just give on Christmas
because older sores who have been active
mister already and had kind of seen the
history the sorority and you know how it
has evolved with times they just tend to
be full of like spunk in life and I
definitely love my doted ears who still
show love to the younger source but I
think that's the hardest part in a
sorority that being willing to change
with the times and so sometimes you do
have a little bit of contention with
older source who thinks things should go
a certain way or still you should hold
on to a certain level tradition versus
young younger stories want to come and
how to mix things up so I really really
love my alumni chapter for having strike
a good balance with what is your
favorite gift from your big so Delta's
we do elephants with the trunks that
it's a symbol of good luck it's not just
a delta thing it is and a lot of kind of
old-school african-american culture
people do collect an Asian culture I
believe a come from our founders
collected them and so as of like
someone's who see something Gooding you
as a sword they gift you elephants with
trunk stop and the sorem who actually
wrote my recommendation letters to come
into Delta gave me its Oh over here but
this is I don't know why it open it's a
little jeweled elephant and this has
been the prettiest one yours that's
what's about your honor elephant until
you have 22
I've been a delta for five years but I
got to watch a little bit so cross but
she was so happy about me becoming a
sewer and actually being a serve puts
the working I was a girl I was active
its sisterhood a real thing I definitely
definitely believe that sisterhood is a
real thing and I know that this has kind
of been like an area of contention for
some people whether they are a member of
divine nine or not and you don't really
understand the point of them in the 21st
century
I think sisterhood and Brotherhood are
very real thing in my video about on
beauty talked about having lost a friend
suddenly in like a freak accident and
that happened in 2011 and he was a
member for a fraternity and for the
longest time the particularly pretended
that he was in I always just thought
they were just a bunch of boys who try
to get the cream and that was up to
tomfoolery and nothing but the way that
they came together for his family to
this day the fact they still look out
for his family and just putting that
funeral together and that's just having
to bury a friend at like 24 which is
really really rough and so it kind of
really tested the limits of what
sisterhood and Brotherhood and the
context of Greek organizations really
meant and I feel like it just it made
perfect sense in the moment it was it's
a shame they had to be such a tragic
moment it's a complex thing to do being
a great organization especially one that
takes a lifetime commitment as do all of
the divine nine organization it might
not be the fairytale version or like the
whole list like this whole utopian
version of sisterhood but I do think if
you know how to use it to your benefit
and fit it out have it fit into your
life and the way that you wanted to fit
into your life you will definitely reap
the benefits of sisterhood it might just
be a little more nuanced and then the
generic version of what sisterhood it
what is a time commitment like for your
chapter so um you know they say
the hardest part of joining a Greek
organization is divine nun is once you
cross having to put the work in after
you cross I think the time commitment
especially because the difference
between the NPHC which is divine nine
and Panhellenic organizations is that we
are you give a lifetime Oh in that we
have alumni chapters and I knew that it
was gonna be a lifetime of commitment
and I take my oath very seriously and so
it's as much of a time commitment as I
allow it some early monitors yeah but
you know I do what I can and what I'm
able to do within the you know bounds of
the organization what were you most
surprised about for your sorority I
think the thing is I don't know if
people have this experience but they
like when I do like Alpha Phi or like
Tri Delta or five Pi Sigma Sigma or
whatever a little use white sororities
or whatever like for me because I
definitely want to do it for so long and
you know you definitely I had learned
the history of the sorority I definitely
did my research prior to even getting it
to college is that you really really
kind of hold the women that do make it
into very very high esteem and you know
you have it just you really hell I won't
even Alan I don't know how to say this I
don't know how to say there was
something that was a very big surprise
for me when I crossed over the other end
I just don't know how to articulate it
without you going to the experience of
doing the intake process or being an
interest and then doing the intake
process and coming into it organization
really I think maybe just the biggest
surprise for me really was just that
everybody really is human the same thing
when you had a dream school it truly
went to get into where like a mattress
program that you really really really
want to get into there you get into it
and you realize not that it's not what
you wanted or what you expected of it
but you realize that yo like life really
is what you make of it and if I want to
hold this up to high esteem I can hold
this up to a high esteem and I can make
this a very important factor of my life
plan on living in the house in the house
I live in my own house do you guys see
this is my house if I currently live it
and I briefly live with my sister's
throw in a time period
it that we will not talk about and what
I want to do that again know practically
what was your favorite exchange invite
date party Z uh party thing what is your
favorite thing about your philanthropy I
this is actually one of the primary
reasons as to why I really want to be a
delta because I felt like their impact
on the community and they're they're
just pledged to always being active
members of the community is was really
inspiring and Delta Jones I really do we
have a program on a national level where
each chapter will work with young ladies
in their community how many items of
clothes do you have related to your
sorority um not a lot because I'm not
try this better than I made for
Centennial that I never wear it really
where I have the shirt version of this
that I made so that's three things in
I'm a oh I have my lying jacket which is
remember the only jacket which I love I
have a line doctor that my line sisters
gave me I have a 19-13 track jacket I
had my chapter we have shirt probably
yeah that's about it that is really the
fact that I can like go through my
closet mental you name all the pieces
I'm so ready said that I have I don't
have a lot but don't really wear it like
it's not really my thing that's part of
being in a sorority
I try to be in a sorority is um being
part of something that's larger than
yourself I think for me largely is I
just don't I don't have the typical
personality of somebody who would join a
sorority so a lot of people were
surprised when I did finally go ahead
and do it I mean I think the best part
is being able to make it fit into my
life and still being part of something
that's greater than me and it exposed me
to a lot of different things and
different worlds that I would have never
been a part of without being a sorority
and even on a grander scale is just our
commitment to the community I think it's
really
moving and motivating in that when we do
come together and do something it really
really really has a great impact and so
it's just great to be amongst women who
on some wave length there are these
points where off the back because we
both came into this sorority we've both
been through somewhat of a similar
experience that we can connect and build
on a larger kind of landscape than just
meeting someone off the blue off the
cuff it's not really for everyone and I
don't think I don't think sororities are
meant to be for everyone so if it didn't
fit into your life story then that's
fine I don't I don't really get the idea
of people who didn't pledge or join any
type of Greek little organization
feeling like in order for them to
justify their being me find me
essentially that they have to put down
other organizations like and I will not
be doing any other videos about my
sorority I know you guys have been
asking but you know quite frankly Google
comics is for a reason we just had a
centennial just about all the divine
nine have their Centennial coming up and
so essentially law has Centennial
websites where a hundred years of our
history is available so like everything
you need to know basically is on the
interwebs it's the digital age it's 2014
graph if you can't figure out how to use
Google to answer yo question and maybe
you know nothing else I can say about
this it just is what it is I'm happy to
be a Delta and Tom my sophomores I will
see y'all at Houston I hope you enjoyed
this pad if you are a member of a
sorority let me know what was what is
the best part about being in your
sorority if you are not a member of a
sorority and you weren't an interest
please keep it to yourselves nobody
needs to know really we don't want to
know what you hope to do just because
you like the cousin
just yourself if you're not is ready
what tag would you like to see me do
someone has requested the mommy scenario
may be smart Brown grow tags might be
coming up sooner than you think
and as always thanks for watching if you
want to cop a shirt in extra large
finally forget I have appeal box now I
have been giving people can send me
stuff in the mail ill try and figure out
where this can I live because I could
not get will maximize it code on purpose
you tried it I did it
summative letters all that I like
lotions don't send me down here private
