hey guys Julie hmm do you miss me hmm
lies tales fallacies don't worry it's
just green smoothie and my cup yeah it's
been a while um for those of you who
claim that I am your friend
in your head but you don't know what
I've been up to because clearly you
ain't been watching my videos I
relocated from Washington DC to youths
in Texas
hence the white a burger cop that's full
of kale smoothie right now I have gained
so much weight since living in the
District of Columbia because I was
miserable and so now I came who sent to
find my happy meat bun B and lose some
weight so that's what I'm gonna do
yeah life updates that are going on I'm
having an event in Brooklyn New York on
October 4th this is to make up for the
one that I previously canceled because I
was my feelings um this is a ticketed
event there is a cover there's currently
early bird tickets on sale so you should
go ahead and buy them now I make my
highs so much more easier and then
because this is why this is why come to
the city I am coming up City cuz plan
events are stressful I particularly do
not enjoy doing events because I just
it's hard to kind of communicate in a
positive manner the importance of you
who would like me to do more for you um
purchasing the tickets early cuz it just
affords the opportunity for it to be a
better and well produced event even
though people will always tend to wait
to the last two or three days before the
event to buy tickets I'm asking you
please please please find tickets early
get the ten dollar event price at the
door is gonna be twenty and we also have
VIP tickets that include an autograph
book some time with me and we're gonna
panelist at the event we're talking
about vulnerability as a strong
women and having a career so this is my
first smart brown girl event it's a sip
wit and chat because you know I'm wet
enjoy being witty and so we great for
guys can kind of support come out
purchase your tickets early I'd behoove
you I had been in Texas for exactly two
weeks today I have had Whataburger it is
amazing and it runs right through you
you'll be in the toilet like the day
after as I was just like what are they
eat
oh what a burger I guess that's why they
call it window breaker cuz you'll be on
the toilet leg what did I eat why do I
feel like this right now
bubble guts all the way but the burger
was good the fries are extraordinary but
I have gained a ton of weight because I
was extremely miserable in DC which I've
already recounted in my video that went
pseudo viral on Facebook you guys all
missed out on it well maybe you did it
if you have any friends who black
college-educated friends who have either
resided in DC or went to GW Morehouse
Spellman BAM you or Howard or you MC P
then you might have might wind up the
bashing of Jersey that happened on
Facebook when people outside of my
audience who couldn't understand the
idea that why would I express my opinion
it is amazing to me how people just
can't comprehend someone's right to have
an opinion a vocal opinion at that it's
like why you have to be so negative if
you don't like it just leave
I left but people came up what I have to
say so I said what I had to say also it
did kind of highlight to me why other
people have such a hard time you know
changing their circumstances if people
really will try to convince you that you
are entirely wrong in your opinion and
the thing is you have to realize with
any place that you like living wherever
you establish yourself you have come to
the term that you enjoy where you are
you are compromising when I look back at
how much I love Brooklyn and living in
New York I realized I had to compromise
a lot in order to get to that level of
love and so you can't expect your
compromise to be somebody else's
compromise I'm making concessions here
in Houston trying to make sure that I
enjoy my stay because it's a cycle means
bug bites I have gotten bit up would
show you my bug bites on my legs I have
no pants on right now but I've gotten
bit on my AAS my thighs my forearms like
I step outside and the mosquitoes just
follow you like I went for a run around
my neighborhood and I made it two miles
and I was like I'm done because between
the the the wasp the wasp the mosquitos
be like this big and it didn't tip me on
you next me like I was good going for a
walk you going for a walk I'm with you
I'm a second blood like the mosquitoes
just be like be lying right behind you
it's just like I had like you know a I'm
just gonna come in the house I don't
need to lose this way I have a photo
shoot on the 28th because I need to get
some headshots that I needed my life
together but we're just gonna have to
work out my mother caught me the other
day to tell me that I am a chunky monkey
and I'm just like Trisha I love you I'll
talk to you later
what's gonna ask what party's in diapers
I didn't are you gonna run into Miette
and amazingly I have run into a lot of
people a lot of people would send me
because I didn't run in sis make people
in DC and DC is a small city but every
time I'm going out somebody has rolled
up on me and you know I'm not always in
the best of moods so sometimes I try to
be pleasant though when y'all be there
hey Julie hey Sarah I know I'm so cat
couples like stop and give you a hug and
greet you but sometimes I just don't
Naboo because like other be going
on so if you meet me and I hit you with
that
hey girl and I keep looking just know
that I got some going on it just
excuse me in that moment but typically
I've been drinking with people run to
buy me um so yeah there's that but I did
I do not live inside the loop I don't
live in the Houston proper side I live
close to Palin which I love because the
gas like three thousand five cent
the groceries are pretty cheap except
for my love affair with Trader Joe's has
come to a bitter end
because Trader Joe's is only in the loop
and their prices are way more expensive
than the East Coast like a dollar or so
unlike basic things like the the chicken
sausages that I like are five dollars
for five links I mean a dollar a link I
mean yeah a dollar look I think that's
pretty incredible because I can go get a
sauce like two bucks I need to find a
fish market a butcher in a bakery it's
so please go get handmade corn for
cheese i got hammy flour tortillas I
need handmade corn tortillas leave
comments down below you know what them
spices that I got my eyebrows them for
five holla holla girl he'll crop shots
Topeka and Birchbox
yeah before I left off the East Coast I
was in New York for a week my line
sisters who I love took me out to brunch
we've had boozy brunch at agave widow
margarita is a strong girl strong Indian
I went by the Conde Nast offices where
they played my videos on on the office
wall special and I wish my Birchbox
and I started on YouTube piano which is
where I met allies people and you know I
talked to my usual snarky spiel and some
folks really enjoyed it so they invited
me to come by and I had a great time
wrapping up you know my affairs on the
East Coast but back to Texas amongst
other things it's been kind of hard for
me to get back into the flow of putting
up videos I have a ton of videos that I
need to put up I met with Sam Reynolds
who is the astrologer for evany he's no
longer but he is we did a video on
answering some of your pending questions
about astrology and he gave me a brief
full cast for my chart I also met up
with Ursula Stevens
Rihanna's celebrity hairstylist and we
did two videos one a smart brown girl
about her career in the hair industry
and then two on coloring natural hair I
did not get my hair colored but we do
talk about it that video will be coming
soon
what else did I do I did a bunch of
videos with the cagey lifestyle summer
which I've already up on her Channel
I've been studying because I just beat
in my feelings sometimes you know I'd be
a little booty whatever I'm human and I
go through all I should find my jacket
mama beads speaking of beautiful human
emotions but you know it's just
sometimes you just thought I don't
I just mean feeling white mm-hmm oh wait
I just fell all over to you to you
know I really thought we would like it
just something it's just not it's not
joyful joyful anymore for me sometimes
it just is like you know I like engaging
in discussions but sometimes I just
sometimes I just be over the hard road I
hope that I have in you know getting out
my message because I feel there's just
certain things that the community
respects more than they respect me I'm a
bigot because I really don't need to
complain about anything else I feel like
I've done enough of the complete videos
so your art Rexie know how I feel about
ish but you know I just had to realize
that I can't be with the natural
a community no more I'm over it
I was already over it when I put up such
a formation video I really I'm over it
and everything just keeps reminding me
that I you know I'm gonna have a harder
time pursuing my dreams and I just gotta
push forward in a smart brown girl
movement and so what I need y'all to do
is buy my book this is actually a proof
this is not what the book looks like
this is a bigger copy but my book it's
still on sale send it on I am selling
autographed copies on gog.com
they come autographed with a letter from
me so you can send a message and I'll
write you a letter people have been
buying the autographed copies and not
sending messages or asking questions and
I'm like you are paying extra let me
give you what you pay for
I don't be getting it I won't be getting
it but you can also get the
on amazon.com I think it comes our free
shipping for like 12 13 dollars and you
know if the brown Brooklyn smart brown
girl sittin chat is a successful event
we might bring it to other cities we
just guys see all eyes on me all eyes on
me girl I'm sorry the rambling if you
watch to the end I love you yes you all
30% of you that actually watch the full
length of my videos the rest of you yeah
cute if you have a quick way to deal
with mosquito bites I usually put ice on
them but this one is being particularly
angsty today and I got bit by this this
was yesterday what is going on here I
got company coming over guys heats up
some leftovers for that means get it in
I blew both there's one thing I love
about Texas already the people here are
very friendly mersa been in Houston I've
had people over my house
when I had no food no drinking no
internet that's low girl that's love
shut it see y'all stay tuned
Jules e follow me on Twitter that's the
best way to keep in touch with me makes
it so much easier I don't know why
nobody follows me on Twitter or Facebook
and Instagram thanks for watching be
sure to subscribe
