hey guys it's josie and i am back with
another behind the Valencia filter this
time I'm here with the old friend well
i'm always here with an old friend but
it's another old friend devo when I
janemba devo Springsteen he now goes by
Devo Harris we know each other from my
time at good music where he helped start
good music and he was also a producer
but I'll let him explain myself about
him and this is actually gonna be
slightly different because Devo is
someone who worked in an industry that
is highly lauded and very visible and
the pop star lifestyle even though he
has never quite been that person and he
has left pursue some um well past left
travelled for people of color
specifically entering into the tech
startup world where there's nothing they
look like us and so if he scoots a
little bit more over this way so I'm not
always blocking his face my name is devo
lot of people know me as a producer
started producing John Legend Kanye West
and Britney Spears and common
and more recently I started an
interactive video technology company
called adventure and that's what I made
you interested in starting in entering
into the tech industry okay so let me I
guess I'll give the story kind of how
this came to be I what was the genesis
of and kind of what made me really
propelled see an opportunity so I had a
band that was signed to be called riot
in Paris and we've got a video which you
can find on youtube for the silver
attack of the five foot hipster and this
was as far as I know the first
interactive true shan adventure music
food this is about three and a half
years now it was tons of videos i have
an invitation today what was really
interesting was that we made a linear
regular version where you couldn't make
choices that we had one where you
couldn't make choices and they have the
exact same music for each one and so we
would see on the later version the
responses were lukewarm right like this
song is okay whatever and the
interactive one exact same song same
visual content except you're picking
what happens next this song is amazing
these guys are in be huge so that
difference like really stood out to us
then all these media companies are
approaching me saying we need that
technology for our own stuff and they
have the exact same kind of reasoning so
in the size that you want to enter into
the startup or start your own tech firm
kind of what is the research that you do
and like what its preparation that one
which would recommend really is pointed
for like
before they jump full swing into I think
it's a matter of really finding out is
there a market for what you want to do
so I spent lots of time researching to
find that out and and then do you really
have the skill set to offer that you're
just doing our standard business group
research really and then I've got check
on whether you really want to devote the
next few years of your life what do you
think that's a really big time
commitment is for someone I think one to
two years it's probably what you'd need
to find out if it's maybe something that
could reasonably work what is your
different adventure what is good about
okay so adventure if you go to adventure
back to you the ADV entr that TV you'll
see some videos on there for example
there's a John Legend video where you
teaching you how to play all of me on
the piano and that you look and then you
literally play the piano on the video
with him in real time and the video is
responding I tried it and I couldn't get
past the first unit I really was like
trying to play the piano and I just like
I give up just sing the song right so
but it's interesting and the real point
of is the real point of it is really
just to show you the possibilities of
what you can do with video it doesn't
have to be a one-way data stream right
we can go it should be responsive like
the rest of the Internet so what we have
is a platform or anyone can log on and
create responsive interactive so let's
get more into kind of your background so
for someone who had a direct in into an
industry that a lot of people kind of
what's the word glamorise fantasize
about let you are you're in the know
with a lot of people that are very kind
of worshipped in a sense why would you
walk away from something like that where
you had direct access to I mean I still
work with a lot of these guys but the
question is really like what is your
legacy extra for me what is your legacy
and how are you going to make the most
money possible to write and I don't
think it's through selling music and I
think my skill set lends us up to a lot
bigger opportunities then writing songs
you know but why not just ride out in
the outside right according to Instagram
but I try something fabulous life so you
know why not just hop on the bandwagon
if I new kind name is gonna be as big as
he is maybe I wouldn't okay well he's
blood so you can always still fine i
mean you produced a song graham that one
room but when it's like the upswing
right but every opportunity to be the
bandwagon person because essentially you
kind of you make the back wheels the
bandwagon so you can review patron it
literally to the wheels fell off why why
not I think there are people that do
ride the bandwagon and don't really may
not have other options or ability I
really think pretty highly of myself
abilities so I fully think that
adventure or something else I can run
could be a multi-billion dollar company
so that is the excitement that's what
I'm going after is that like being on
someone's beck and call is it what I'm
really built for you what do you think
about kind of this age of social media
where a lot of people perpetuate a
certain lifestyle everyone kind of wants
to fit into this mole that you know for
lack of a better example kind of like
you know who want to be like we can
protect you they want the large
following they want to really have this
look and the Zika so they try to
perpetuate this lifestyle social media
and you're not really to make on posting
up a lot of stuff but now i'm just
trying to do me like i don't have a lot
of time you might talk about people who
are doing things i'm doing things what
do you think are some of the
complications for people of color
entering the tech space at an early
stage when you starting up a company and
there's lots of questions to be answered
there's not a lot of information we go
off of guesses we go off of whatever
small references that we have and when
you're of color there's not a lot of
references to base your stature home or
your potential so what I go into
meetings and I got multiple degrees I
know these people that helped make us
money but with little information you as
an investor or even as a customer
whatever you haven't seen people that
look like me win so it's hard to make up
in your head I believe this image of me
or whoever
me winning when Mark Zuckerberg is the
more kind of accepted paradigm for what
Tech winner looks like I got because
again like working with Kanye when years
ago when he stepped in the room with the
pink polo shirt or whatever people was
like that's not what a rapper looks like
right so work it's the same conversation
it's the same conversation but you just
have to make stuff look like magic right
so I'm we're up here we're about to
close deals with just some of the
biggest entertainment companies in the
country it's just me and my partner
doing tech integration for these big
companies so you know I think if we look
like other more accepted persons we
probably would get further quicker that
doesn't mean we can't get rid of
so I talked about one thing you were
talking about earlier that you so last
time I talked about three years ago you
were upon finishing your MBA you were
going to publish a book yeah but I how
much I do because I think this is a good
example of even when you feel like
you're not at a level to accomplish
something it's being able to have
discernment that you're not at that
level and then finding a way to get to
that level versus completely leaving
something alone for you to kind of
address what happened you publish it
yeah so what we talked about is a book
that I started writing at columbia
business school with the professor of a
professor Schmidt and they wanted to
call it everything I didn't learn be
school I learned from Kanye West and the
basic sentiment of the book is this
certain things that they teach you in
business school with certain kind of
classic business theory that in my work
in the pop culture of world and in the
music business especially with with mr.
West a lot of these paradigms are are
following so this is the way in
marketing class they teach you every
every market the more competitors coming
to that market and the price goes down
until there's no profit to be had in
that in that market where when we came
into the game with this these new
artists we priced everything higher off
off top just so you know that it's that
isn't as premium priced a supremely
level product right then we put in more
higher design you can in digital stuff
into the cds when they have
using so right and then so then we say
what a Southwest Airlines do in the
situation server anyways I wasn't happy
with the writing of it I didn't think
that the tone was coming through the way
I want I very informed but still cool
yeah so I took a step back and I started
writing for blogs to get my toned
together and so I was writing for sound
control started writing for courts it
was interesting the last thing I wrote
for courts was actually a chapter from
the book i shrunk down and I worked on
the tone I think I finally am getting a
groove for it so that last thing I cut
out a lot of people responding to it
different which is about like records by
like vinyl records yeah and then
different venture investor people from
google or I re reblocking it on their
own blogs and it feel like my writing
with a good next publish a book I just
didn't know that anyone would read it
and so I went back and sort of my own
blog and I be purpose of the stories
from other blogs and so when I got you
know people sending email
enjoying it and connecting with it then
it was like oh ok then I can do this I
know how to now do it so it's not always
about going on about something and
immediately being able to like hit the
ground running and you just take off it
is about kind of being able to
self-evaluate and relax your weaknesses
are and you know strengthen your
weaknesses essentially d I mean I guess
we're going to ask a hot was it
recording diamonds are forever yeah so
that's the sauna I produced for Kanye
even though this is totally not beat eps
so whatever you're so smart brown that
you have a degree pub so I so this out I
know so Devo went to University of
Pennsylvania for undergrad and your
roommate at before my camera phones
who's John Stevens you lose John Stevens
I remember meeting him so John Cena he
was very rude yeah he performed with
high a at GW springpad and I went up to
him I had new cookie wet here by Lauren
Hill song and so all I knew is this man
is going far because he did a salt for
the 10 I don't know what I said he just
a similar guys got back like he just
looked at me like oh you are not cute
enough to talk to me right now they
blessed girl oh he would the Spice gift
behavior okay I'm sure it was not was
gone yeah John John super cool jobs
emphasize facts one of my best friends
he's an investor and adventure but
anyways John when I started working with
Kanye helping him kind of Gators coming
together but we gotta sign some artists
assigned my roommate I signed John the
changed names from john stevenson John
Legend and that's a it's all history
he's cool in my book that I like
I really love their relationship there's
a very nice balance yeah i was i was in
their wedding actually i just sing it
with the picture i'm on the pictures i
have to relook yeah what um you didn't
post them on Instagram I didn't know see
you be trippin you don't be you don't be
starting sure I'm gonna do that
today I didn't put it up there will be
this extra hard on Instagram with the
picture um but yeah Stevie Wonder
performed after the wedding she's crazy
John performed all of me ok I love that
song like it's just a beautiful Isis
first number one song that's his biggest
on my flower history I thought he had
never walked him to get with it no I
mean what's the one though green light
was pretty big no ordinary people
ordinary people that wasn't huh I wasn't
maybe in time for tea maybe oh that's
like the every whackers I'm saying that
is interesting you have all this kind of
you were there to pee Nicole why not
stick around then your grant ride the
bandwagon why not do it again on your
turn yeah thanks for watching guys as
always will be a blog post and more
information on it because we'll be down
below and if there's somebody and you
have been asking for a more stem people
so i will get back into that i have a
home girl who's a scientist and she gets
flat out been giving me a hard time suna
about doing this but i'm sure there's
ton of woman that could be inspired by
her so hopefully or people in general
not just women so hopefully that'll be
my next step 1 but i hope you learned
something I
I put some safe but let me know
