hey guys is Josie and I am here with
that fabulous fabulous did I say
fabulous wig review this is a way that
I've had for a while
I've been posting pictures on it on
Instagram and getting tons of comments
like where what is here from because I
think it just looks like ridiculously
decadent and I don't even have it on
correctly like my hair is pretty bulky
underneath here but like it's it's a
problem because because of this wig I
wear my real hair out away this mess
midget but if I could like order this
wig a million times over trust and
believe I would okay this is the SK 0 to
1 it is a kinky straight longer no
giving me all sorts of hipster tees long
straight wig I have it because I had to
be ridiculous
I ordered 24 inches in a color 1b and it
is full and just you've seen it I have
um I originally show the sneak peek of
it in my why they keep sending me all
these free clothes lookbook and it's
straight came straight but I use my
curling wand and I did some really tight
curls I put the pictures up on Instagram
loved it fo big but I keep curling
Wanda's hair and then brushing the curls
out because I just love this look I like
it like slightly wavy it was a big
wavier the last time I curl wand that it
was I feel like a loose curl one the day
before my vibe interview which is about
a week ago I did a for the social media
week I did a chat with them about side
chicks comparing Olivia from scandal and
joseline Hernandez from loving it poppin
lanta check that video out right here
and down below in the description box
but yes I have been rocking the ish out
of this hair in all its forms I love it
wavy like this and it it holds a good
curl but I brush it out a lot so it just
looks it makes me feel
cool I don't even like long hair I sell
like long hair on me and to the first
long hair wig that I ever felt like I
actually liked karate and look good
giving me all sorts of light just up
side Anna Ross 1970 cher Paisley Park
bitches I'm just filling it and I love
it I don't have anything else to say
about it it's a glueless cap cap size 3
I haven't I don't have this fear of
ordering like a regular cap size because
I'm so used to having hair on my head
and then the fact that I've just been
psychologically trained that my head is
huge but this cap size 3 is a little big
for me um it's still on snug because it
has it has
combs here a comb here an elastic band
in the back but I probably could get
away with the caps on a regular cap size
to this because I don't have any path
anymore I just have this I don't have
all the hair in the back up sized
anymore
buzz it shed much at all I've had it for
going on two months now I wear it often
like maybe a little too often I'm
constantly like Marcia Marcia Marcia
brushing it and combing it and it sheds
like any wig is going to shed but it
doesn't shed a lot or much to the fact
where I feel like I would be offended at
the price it is so for this length at 23
inches it's gonna run you close to $600
for this length but the wig at the
regular length it's intended for which I
believe is 14 inches I think 14 inches
is around $300 I will have a coupon code
down below which you can use to purchase
this wig let me know your thoughts I
love it I hope you love it too grow up
sweat sweat just the utmost of
ridiculousness when I put this hair on
feeling it thanks for watching hope you
guys enjoy have you bought my book yet
I'm gonna remind you every video because
I just feel like we got the smart brown
girl movement going
y'all are saying how much I love me and
support me and
 my book the reviews on Amazon who
are amazing let me know your thoughts on
this hair do you love it
see that clearly I'm feeling like
feelings to perfe listen this
