hey guys it's Josie and I am back with
another video and yes I'm still
currently residing in Washington DC but
you can tell my closet is now pretty
empty is a whole lot of boxes still
standing behind me because we are still
in the process of a very unorganized
move it's so organized
then I don't even know where I'm
actually moving to I jolzi took a
genealogy test from 23andme I put up a
picture on Instagram of the packaging
which I don't have anymore because I had
to mail it out to them they take a
sample of your saliva and they process a
test um that gives you a breakdown of
your genealogy are we doing a tweet chat
with a scientist from 23andme on August
on August 6 at 7 p.m. Eastern Standard
Time using hashtag tracing routes if you
have any more questions post this video
you can ask them directly to a scientist
from 23andme how cool comes support and
help this movement going so I got a
genealogy has done it traces back what
your ethnicity is I did this because I
did the African versus African American
it wasn't really a versus thing but we
discussed the relations of Africans and
African Americans in the United States
of America with evident from the
Internet's who is Kenyan American and
you know that video has got an
overwhelming response and then joined in
on the conversation people were writing
essays novels thesis reports trying to
rewrite history as we know it today you
know I mean a lot of you guys gave a
really positive response to it but there
were a small group of people who
proceeded to try to be let me like the
Hebrew Israelites here on the corner of
125th and Harlem or at the Chinatown
Metro in DC who are attempting to
rewrite history as we know it and
reposition where black people in America
really come from um you know there was
some discussion about whether black
Americans have the right to call
themselves African Americans whether we
really come from Africa I don't know
what part of the you know history y'all
have following but I decide I was gonna
take the genealogy test
because I was tired of replying to
comments letting people know that
slavery didn't truly end into the 20th
century this is not something that
happened 500 years ago lead I don't know
what he thought my families might be
from Australia maybe I don't know mango
Lea I do have Mongolian weave in my head
right now this is Chinese hair a big
clinician from Mongolia but whatever
girl ah there's a scream
so you see this pink right here it says
I am 70% sub-saharan African I'm
blacking on black and i'm black y'all
take that I am 70.1% sub-saharan Africa
now if you know if you watched my mixed
girl tag video which was me being
sarcastic for those who might never
guide my hey man um I I did it's true
story in third grade I determined that I
was he's a freaking um but it turns out
that I am only um I'm 2.5 percent South
African apparently but I'm sixty four
point two percent West African so it's
pretty clear I am a descendant of slaves
from the cut from West Africa like most
black people in America regardless of
how you would like to rewrite history we
black y'all be black and black we blend
with African Americans so I feel firm
and calling myself African about em
28.6% European um it's funny though
because also must be in Kenya nice sales
Kenyan and Scottish Irish um so
apparently I'm British Irish 9.1% and
then um like the rest is just broadly
North European I do have a tiny bit of
southern European but it's broadly
Northern European now the disappointing
part is from my mix again from my mixed
girl tag video I said I was house play
phil negro and a - like that indeed in
my family because historically speaking
a lot of african americans do like the
claim that they have native american in
them even though as it turns out with a
lot of these genealogy tests are showing
that the bulk of us down
however i had a bit of a different
experience when i was a freshman in
college and my white long island
Hallion room ABC it's a question why I
had not heard the Native American
Student Union because I was quit due to
my cheekbones and facial features that I
have some Native American in my family
um but I was an active member of BSU you
have to watch the rest grow tag to get
the breakdown of my response to that be
a girl
I was befuddled but it turns out
apparently I only have 0.9% East Asian
and Native American shucks I mean the
whole look like you Native American
thing apparently you know I wasn't I'm
moving to Houston and I'm prepping
myself for how often I'm gonna have to
explain to people that I am that ebo
because I was I've been in Houston twice
in the past month and both times on
numerous occasions I have had to explain
to people that my mother is just white
skinned and my father is just white skin
adjust somehow happen that we all have
full lips and high cheekbones and that
has nothing to do with the ebo people in
the before onsager we we just African
Americans over here this 23andme test
does not break you down all the way to
the actual ethnicities that I am from
the African Diaspora there is an African
ancestry um company I guess you can call
it that's based out of Washington DC
that does further analyze your DNA
results to give you actual ethnics
ethnicities that you are so I am going
to look into contact contacting them and
seeing about getting them to review my
results so I know I'm gonna get a bunch
of questions I really really really want
you guys to join it on the tweet chat
7:00 p.m. August 6 Eastern Standard Time
because I think it'll be great for you
to ask them the questions and get like
the proper scientific response but I did
get to talk to the scientist who will be
on the tweet chat prior and we Qi went
over my DNA results for me and was
really kind of breaking them down very
specific like so what they do is they
take the main chromosomes 1 through 22
for women so I was advised that I should
get my brother or even better get my
father to test results because for women
our DNA is tested through our maternal
line
because even though I was shocked at how
little Native American I had in my
family because my both sides of my
family had very poignant Lisa that they
have Native American relatives oh I was
thinking maybe it should mush up more
but as a scientist explain because I
every time you trace it from a woman it
gets broken in half because I'm only
taking half and then half and then half
and in half so if my I would have even
less percentage of Native American DNA
because it it's linked through a
paternal portion of my maternal line if
that makes sense so it is good to have a
male and a woman in the family um get
their tests done however your results
aren't going to be that different it is
a mitochondrial test it tests the X
chromosome for women oh I have two
second cousins on here so you can also
if you opt to make your information
available to others you can trace down
other family members I have been getting
contacted by other people about tracing
my family interestingly enough I thought
it might be easier to trace my mother
side of the family because my mother has
a very uncommon last name my father
everybody in Florida is damn near
related if you from Polk County we
probably cousins girl so I'm really nice
she's inviting into them
I'm good um when the scientist was on
the phone with me she was saying how
unique how easy would be for me to find
out relatives and I should really use
the resources that are provided on
23andme
and delve deeper into it so I think this
is great because what's happened for a
lot of African Americans is that we have
not had the opportunity to build back
our family trees pass like grandparents
or great-grandparents and so it's just
interesting to find out what you come
from it's interesting just to learn
about other people's cultures and see
similarities and just know your history
I think it's a great value and
reaffirming kind of a sense of self and
feeling proud about who you are and who
you represent so I think this is a great
great place so it gives you your
haplotype which is like I don't even
want to miss cred it'll trace back to
where your well I'm a woman so I can
only get my maternal line my brother or
my father I'm looking my brother and
probably my
bother to do it because I probably get
to different how PO types um but mine's
came back with the very generic answer
it said 50,000 years ago my mother's
mother's mother's mother's mother's
mother's mother's mother's was bad too
which is basically like me and Africa
are one we are all together here bad 250
thousand years ago was like every
ethnicity in Africa so so you know I
feel like you are my cousin we're
cousins can't we all just get along and
be lovely people huh I feel I feel like
we are connected so that's just our love
peace and happiness
stop trying to rewrite history while you
a tattoo do all right drumming for that
tweet chat 23andme August 6 7 p.m.
hashtag tracing your roots find me
everywhere on the interwebs you'll see I
will have a link down below where you
can purchase the 23andme DNA test it's
super simple super easy so hundred
dollars and you can get your whole
family test and get a kit for everybody
and your family it is just such a
interesting and fun topic to talk about
so I can't wait for you to join me on
that Twitter chat thanks for watching
for your pen
