hey guys it's jewel Z and my background
is still a mess because I'm still in the
process of doing a very unorganized move
I am trying to get it together here so
my video last Monday was a big hit
through the hole
karlie Nicki white women and the natural
hair community troll lawn girl um and I
really had a wooded talking about that
whole issue because I feel like every
time I address these things that are
issues in the Natural Area community I
get accused of being negative I want to
be cautious of putting out too much
aggressive content considering that
people so clearly like to overlook my
behind the Valencia filter series my ass
jolzi my tech tuesdays my hair tutorials
you know the other 145 videos that I've
put up they'll just focus on like the
two videos where I'm speaking on
something and a lot of to encapsulate
the totality of who I am hmm I made a
very conscious effort to address the
actual issue that I had with that whole
situation and to keep it highbrow and
intellectual and I am so happy that so
many of you are receptive of the
Marianne Ortega essay because I wasn't
sure how that was going to go over with
everybody and I felt like I kept it very
diplomatic
I was not appreciative of the non
response response I guess the
passive-aggressive shot that curly Nicki
then took when she posted a two-year-old
email from me it was actually one in two
years old I'm not even gonna nitpick
about the screenshot or whatever but she
posted half of the email and then
persisted misspelled my name and then
didn't like that I don't I don't know I
don't I just don't it just I don't know
if that was like to let me know that yes
I still publish some of my own articles
it just it don't sit well in my spirit
but it's not that serious it didn't ruin
my day and the real reason why I wasn't
a fan with it it's not even about the
revelation of me online because at the
end of the day you know people are all
like oh I love Josie this is you know
people like the tutorial so you know
repost it all you want but I feel like
it gave an air of
messiness that didn't need to be there
because then people in the support of me
are talking about dressing the fact that
you know how they feel about Nikki they
don't read it no more she a X Y Z and
that wasn't the direction that I wanted
the conversation to go in and so I'm now
watching my smart brown girls take
offense for me and it gets messy it
doesn't add any productivity to a
conversation and I feel like not even
just in this singular instance but I
feel like this has been pretty
consistent amongst this whole discussion
in the natural community and I'm not
gonna say this is a symptom of the knack
shared community because I do live in a
bubble here but it's just been a symptom
of the internet's in that the
dissolution of being able to have a
conversation where to a productive
highbrow respectful conversation where
two people do not agree I come from the
school of Christopher Hitchens I am a
big fan of a man who I rarely agreed
with but what I loved about him was his
high brow which and snark and intellect
and ability to have conversations that
were very personal and very and where
people could be very easily offended but
be able to get across a point that he
had if you didn't agree with it it made
you stop and think what I think is great
about it is it really allows you to
reaffirm your morals and where you stand
I don't live in a world where all my
friends agree with me I don't keep yes
people around me and the beauty in my
friendships that I've been able to call
my friends who like my my dues who's
like the polar opposite of me and I can
call her and ask her about something and
I trust her opinion because I know she's
not gonna just tell me what I want to
hear and I feel like we could be so much
further along and so much more
productive like think about like events
right naturally back so it's always the
panel like and I just be feeling the
panel's is just so dry like how many
times do we sit on a panel about beat
getting started in the natural hair
community or do men like your natural
hair or the perfect wash and go or what
I don't know yeah no but wouldn't it be
great to have this discussion about
exclusiveness
inclusiveness in the natural hair
community or do black women have the
right to and create exclusive spaces for
themselves like put insert some
intelligence in this allow people to
just think a little bit harder and you
know collect your point why you add it
like it just it furthers along everybody
in the situation but people get so
easily offended in this group that we
never really get so far and I think this
goes for my smart brown girls as well as
other personalities out here on the
internet is that's what happened at
least with regards to people who are
don't knock the glass over people who
are addressing me right people who are
dressing me what I feel like it's
happened is I I don't like like care you
know describing myself here but I am um
you know I'm a little witty I'm a little
snarky and I have a certain way of
talking and I feel like what I've seen
in the reactions towards me whether
people are claiming that they're
reacting to me or not is that people
have attempted their hand at being a
little bit snarky or trying to be witty
air and then all of a sudden our
language gets a little bit more colorful
and it's like oh right you know it's
halfway flattering I don't know if I
could really take claim to it but I've
noticed it and I feel like those
characteristics are really suitable long
personality types and I feel like you
know as far as like this idea of
throwing shade right I don't throw shade
I might wave a light palm tree branch
like it's Palm Sunday you know every
once in a while it just happens I'm just
Fanning myself but if I have to put
effort into it and I have to literally
like throw it at you like throw shade I
won't do it I just let I don't even
respond I just let it go so if you and
I'm people that has to think well you
have to come up with something we didn't
say that you got to sit down and think
about it before you throw shade go just
it's not for you and that goes for
everybody across the board there's
instances where I find myself in where I
really I want to throw Shay but if I
gotta think about it then I realize you
know what I'm doing too much too much so
I'm gonna have a seat right now and I'm
gonna remove myself in this conversation
or probably remove the person that files
my throw shade because my youtube
channel so I could do that except I just
do wish and this is something I have to
work on as well that we could be more
productive and having conversations
where the two parties don't agree in
disagreements people just get so finicky
around a debate or opposing views and
then all of a sudden has to be this beat
I don't have beef with anybody on the
Internet
ain't near nobody especially not others
YouTube space that I'm beefing with it
might be people who I don't particularly
care for but I don't engage them I don't
need to turn you against them I don't
need to have you tell me that you don't
watch or read or do whatever with them
anymore that's not the point I don't put
out videos you know cuz that leads it to
messiness and I don't want any of my
smart brown girls to engage in messy
behavior so we have to be able to have
conversations with people about topics
whether we agree with each other or not
without calling somebody out they name
without threatening someone demeaning
someone's character tell them that they
stupid I mean there's still the one it's
hard I feel like telling you doing too
much does that call you stupid I'm not
gonna call you out of character right
now I'm not gonna do that
I might tell you that you know I ain't
got time for this today so you could
just stay bless and I'ma stay I'm
bothered but I'm really gonna work
towards not demeaning someone's
intelligence or what I've deemed to be
their lack of intelligence I'm gonna
work on that myself but at the very
least I have never in my existence on
these interwebs as a youtube personality
call somebody out they need and what's
been interesting for me is that people
get so quick to leave a comment on my
youtube channel where they disagree with
me and when I either question their
train of thought because I want to know
more about where they're coming from or
I simply say well I don't really agree
with it because of X Y Z they get super
defensive on oh why cuz it was open
forum but clearly I can't disagree with
you and it's like it's not that you can
I'm just saying that I read it and I'm
clarifying why I don't really still
agree with what you're saying and if
anything I would love for you to further
explain oh so be able
to have a highbrow productive and
respectful conversation where you don't
agree with the person and like look at
how you can like learn new things it's
about being an ever-evolving person that
is that is one of the characteristics of
a smart brown girl is that we are
upwardly mobile forward-thinking people
and we are able to evolve I don't want I
just don't want to encourage this
combative online behavior where this
Julie needs to drag so-and-so ain't
never fitting that happen I'm not
fitting to meet up with nobody in the
streets like that's just not even
language that I would encourage I don't
talk like that in real life I don't ever
have to talk like that in real life
so there's two things to learn in this
circumstance is that one this messy kind
of language and this aggressiveness and
this competiveness derail is productive
conversations because people will then
hone in on that because I don't really
want to address the topic at hand
because I don't want to think about it
but with regards to my crew of smart
brown girls we're not gonna allow people
to derail our conversations and to
derail or demote or deny our
intelligence because we're using
combative and aggressive and messy
language on the interwebs we won't keep
it cute and you can shade a person ever
so lightly because what really the
second thing to learn is what really
gets under people's skin is when you
don't give them any reaction trust them
you leave every comment I've ever left
on here I am talking in the most
monotone and a wispy of voices stay
blessed while I stay about it and have a
wonderful day it's really not even that
serious you mad doggie because I'm not I
guess I can only ever support other
people with baby ears oh wow
