hey guys it's Josie and I'm finally
getting around to doing another ask
Josie get into this conversation that
we're going to do to the recent of
occurrences of Mimi Faust and Nokia
faking the funk out of a sex tape
literally faking the funk out of a sex
tape
a leaked sex tape of that I feel like
this is the perfect time to address a
question that I got a while back though
and finally you know give into giving
some relationship advice I personally
feel like you should not particularly
advice one single person but y'all be
asking so I shall give
all right first things first first
question hey jolzi i got a hard time
when it comes to guys so a few months
ago i started texting this guy on my
block so fast forward so fast fool
toward a forward couple months and he
asked me to chew and he say all this
sexual stuff but he got a girlfriend
so bottom line should I even deal with
him or just forget it I'm looking for
somebody serious cuz I want to have a
date for prom but also scared that if I
don't mess with him I don't talk to
another guy for awhile so sit back in
January I'm prom happened like last week
a lot of people sorry girl I'm so late
um but just for all of you teeny boppers
out there that are watching my YouTube
and not having a drink right now because
you were under the age of 21 and this
jacket macaroon is so damn good
if you ain't paying a single bill you
ain't paying rent you not even pay your
own cell phone bill you don't need to be
worried about nobody else but yourself
even worry about your school books you
need to be worried about getting you a
job you about advancing your like
getting you together y-o-u is all you
have time for and nothing else
whoo like I want to run by myself well
I'm looking for friends but I didn't
have a prom date and I don't like really
regretted I mean I get we're humans and
we want companionship and we want
someone who cares about us and on some
levels that you know provides some level
fulfillment at 17 you're not gonna get
that kind of film in any way put a more
grown folk you know work on you and the
world it will come into place and it's
not an easy thing to do I get it girl
I'm going through it myself
it's a hard time save on but just you
know focus on a shirong girl
fuck him he ain't worth it but yeah if
he has I don't believe in dealing with
married men or men who are in
relationships almost of the cow that
includes Negroes hours ago we separated
yeah girl
no there's another woman in his life
whether they're girlfriends whether he
don't he don't call her his girlfriend
but she think she is girlfriend I don't
deal with none of that because mm-hmm
set the standard for what you want in
life and if you're willing to lower your
values for someone then they're gonna
value you less and so you have to show
what you're worth and you're not we're
dealing with a man or a boy who has a
girlfriend like for what four Bronte
girl get you in your home girls together
and write out and have fun like I said
EMS areas I really don't have any
memories from prom so like I'm not
attached this holy whatever this was
really good letter and I apologize for
taking so long to getting around to
doing this but you know when she's a
young lady said this to me I'm just like
you know what this really is a topic
that I do need to discuss and not even
just in jest but in my real life this is
something that as women we no matter how
old you are are try to decipher when it
comes to dealing with our bodies and how
we you know want to go about splinter
sexuality so this one was um what makes
a woman a ho can you really turn a ho
into a housewife not necessarily a
housewife but a woman who values her
body and I'm not sleep with every Joe
Jack and John this is why I'm asking at
24 I finally realized that I need to put
myself on pause as far as dating men and
learn to deeply love myself this
decision has changed my life in such
positive ways but sometimes I think back
on the negative sexual relationships
I've had the skull the scrub the DL dude
other ratchetness and I wonder if I'll
ever be able to forgive myself and move
on from the dumb ass such as I made as
far as men are concerned I wonder if
I'll find personal Redemption and
learning to love me fully thanks in
advance for receive a song a member I
was aiming there long and provide
assisted with machine it annoys I'm
taking responsibility for my actions but
I'm realizing that I never had a mama
who bothered to teach me self-love and
how to protect what's precious about me
from ratchet Negros and I'm trying to
figure it all out now thank you
well my darling dear I hope it is not
too late I think this is such an
interesting question because I think you
know one what is the concept of the
house let's tackle that first oh is when
people know who you fucked
long story short such a broad term I
think somebody
the Kim Kardashian most women probably
that with more men than we know for a
fact Kim Kardashian has slept with but
the fact is that we know the men she has
slept with but that's why he will
control around this time so loosely
about her being a ho when the grand
scheme of things she probably only have
that many bodies under her belt anyway I
mean you could be a ho and only had sex
with two men but if you publicly had sex
whether it's sex a power they will know
that I'm a sudden this whole term gets
thrown around well how is really only
when people know who I slept with or
know about my sexual life then how do I
kind of as a young adult determine what
what it is for me to respect my body
like when is it okay for me to sleep
with someone or you know if I slept with
a dude and he walked away from me does
that you know they make me devalued and
in the grand scheme of things you really
have to do was comfortable for you
there's no simple answer for that and I
think as long as you make smart wise
choices about your body and you're not
dropping a lower spended why do you now
drop it a little picking up and hanging
on the shara for everybody um then you
really should be okay I've you're paying
your own bills I feel like if you're a
grown adult and use pay Salome on time
every month and everything else is taken
care of finance wise and you want to
have some fun like don't beat yourself
up about it I mean you hit a 24 it's
kind of young I feel like at that point
kind of tricky like I'm not going to sit
here and sit on some high pedestal and
act like people aren't sexual creatures
I mean it depends on what religious
affiliation is if you feel like this is
your boyfriend and you want to move into
a life of celibacy then by all means do
that but do that for you don't do that
for the benefit of other people do not
base the use of your body around the
benefit for other people whether you
become consumed or conservative or
whether you decide to go a while out on
it first of all I'm the person opinion
that I don't have a good enough medical
intro to be a help and that comes from a
very firm understanding of how my vagina
works it is a pH balanced
precious diamond down there
every time they can Harry can't go
poking around down there girl somebody
goes like a spray Cologne they dig and
that's called bacterial vaginosis some
does like to get out the shower I would
say Axe body wash and not also the
bubbles off they shit that's called a
yeast infection and so we don't we don't
play these things and if you have the
mathematical shorts that you can be at
the gynecologists every other weekend
taking the BB pill it gives you some
facts and take an easy vector pill it
gives you BV and then tested for all the
other STDs STI that might possibly pop
up there by gosh girl do what you want
to do with your bodies don't health-wise
it's just like yeah girl no in at a
certain point I feel like as a woman sex
is such a psychological experience
anyway that like it just depends on the
person you can't I don't think there's
really any textbook definition answer
about how you deal with your body it is
your body this is a personal experience
I can't sit here and tell any woman how
to deal with it I'm not nice Steve
Harvey to bullshit I'm not sitting here
trying to tell you how long the way I
can't go around preaching celibacy to
other people I'm not gonna have to sleep
in the bed alone by myself at night you
know like what my homegirls call me and
they're talking about a dude that you
know they was fuckin with and he went to
some fuckwit shit and so now because of
pride and being a better woman and
valuing ourselves it to walk away and
walk away sucks getting your feelings
hurt sucks having to walk away from
somebody to previous up with and was
hoping that he would be the last person
and the only person for the rest of you
like they get to sleep with sucks we get
to walk away from situations like that
how about this with emotions on
different wavelength and so I don't beat
my home girls up about going back to a
dude or getting it poppin with him again
on the side you know folks do it now
when you keep doing it that's the
problem
when you do something that you know
you're not going to get over and you
keep going back for more punishment
that's when it becomes a problem but I'm
never gonna judge my homegirls
who are like you know I know he's not
good for me but you know I'm bored and I
don't know explicitly that your mother
really had to give you
like really explicit lessons on
self-respect I think you know if you
have any respect for anybody else
transfer that into yourself and just
understand the prize that you are and
the value that you are and understand
the value that you potentially will
bring to somebody else's life and work
permit from there now this leads me into
this whole shit about this Mimi Faust
bullshit at six tape now first of all
Mimi Faust and uh nebula is out here
lying about well meet me out here lie
about this sex tape that so conveniently
leaked right before they announced the
new season eleven if I'm Elena I fully
believe that Moana on some way shape or
form is behind this sex tape a few
things going on within this discussion
of this mini sex tape I'm not gonna
judge you for putting on a sex tape I am
NOT god I've no sin is greater sin I am
human you know I can't I believe them I
can't judge another man for their
actions on that level you know if you
want to get paid for doing professional
sex tape do it but own it and I will
watch it and I've watched it but don't
sit here and get a professionally done
sex tape and then claim it leaked try a
savior behind there is no save it and
maybe is it on the Artemus window let me
put you onto a little secret here this
is the art of the swindle if you cute
are you have something that other people
desire you can swindle a person no
matter what type of scam or BS you are
running and we I've seen it happen I've
seen people that have gotten quite up in
controversy and still come up on top
because they cute they dress nice the
hair that we belay they got pretty teeth
like that's all it takes
Kim Kardashian and I don't even really
think it's I think race does kind of
come into a part with her and the fact
that she is racially ambiguous what
should we know she's not Romanian but
you know she falls cut him into the
European zone of things but I didn't
even think it was so much race for her I
think it's the fact that she could turn
around have a begum body dressed nice
and so now the side girls are Co siding
her because I like the king
gay relationships I like the Kimmy
relationship because when they dress the
way they would and she's a cute daughter
so now's like oh I forget you know why
did three of the sex tape all the time
whatever whatever whatever made me doing
it all wrong because rather than owning
the sex tape and just making sure that
sure we was always late I make it all
looks nice and your teeth is put
together you out here trying to be a gia
be a gangster abouts obsessed hate that
is clearly different camera angles in
that shit like first of all it's
different camera angles in the tape and
then like you just aren't a good fuck
can we just say that is that too crass
what I mean she's not bad but she just
regular like I I'm a little cautious
because I know these young kids that
like fit this isn't that for y'all this
is for the over 24 crowd alright but
that was like what I wasn't like regular
sex it was just it was real plain and I
was watching it like this chick is
really faking it like she's best not out
of a China works like you're not making
noises for the right action right here
girl like you're not even faking it in
the right way like he's not even doing
enough oh and then she had to acid he go
to kiss her like it was just like oh
girl no you you're faking it like you're
not even turned on by this like you're
just letting him play you right now like
no not even that's not having in that
position no the whole concept I've
learning how to properly swindle people
it's the same shit behind this whole
Porsha and Kenya scuffle that happened
when Porsha finally dragged shadow Kenya
and Kay deserved every large into that
driving like you are never gonna come in
my face but something bullhorn and
aspect they're waving it all on you a
dumbass ho huh and then leg it up I'm
looking right back wait who does that
and then cake is dragged and you know
who's gonna end up winning in this
Porsche
why because porch is the one with the
late a Swedes and the nice makeup while
K is out here looking like 40 years to
struggle with some titties fine of us
myself included I never really cared for
Porsha
I was never teen Porsha put my knees to
take her hand and sit her down in class
anyone you'd used to fall do the notes
line in the middle you know
and you had the write down notes and
give your own pen on the other side
somebody's to run that went through
history of the Americas with Portia
Portia is dumb as doorknobs but Kenya
made her relevant Kenya gave her premise
and andkd a stubborn portion right back
next season because now Portia has a
storyline
somebody needs to like spoil the drink
or for her then she's like did you learn
if I drink going on that song on the
recorder coming off the carriers huh
somebody to come forth and carry the
Porsche back to school is it for as
Josie as always you can email your
questions to ask at Josie calm you can
also tweet me questions just hashtag ask
Josie I will be trying to do this more
regular I'm not going to commit to what
I'm going to do this next but tell your
questions in and I will answer them go
alright how let me on Twitter at Jule's
e-juices ladies
