hey guys it's Judy and I have some super
exciting news to share with you guys if
you haven't followed me on Facebook
Twitter or Instagram and you are totally
failing at life if you are not doing
that to support us follow me at least
one if not all of my social media
platforms so get on it but I have a so
big I have a big announcement to make
well I feel like it's a big announcement
to me like I'm super excited that I'm
like doing this and you know I want it
to like film this in natural light
because I think I look glorious and the
light is shining down on me but I spent
so damn long trying to like beat my face
that is now dark outside
because I start doing my makeup at 6 and
now it's 8:30 it's doing other things in
between because I have serious a DD but
I think are they good if you want to me
to do a makeup tutorial hit that like
button leave a comment down below and I
think about it but let's get to this
announcement
I'm so proud of myself
oh my gosh I'm polishing a book looks so
pretty look oh it's called send it on it
looks like a real book oh are you gonna
have a little bit that I'm so scared
very very very nervous about publishing
this book um it's called send it on is
the collection of short stories
I am self-publishing it through crate
space which is a division of amazon.com
will be available in Kindle Nook and
eBook I don't know if I want to sell it
through the Kindle platform per se
because they take such a big Commission
out of it and part of what the firm that
I work for does is they convert books to
Kindle so I was like drilling my
coworker the other day so how do you
convert your word doc to a Kindle format
and she like gave me the low so I might
all just self host this on to do comm
where you can purchase it be available
in physical format it'll actually look
like this this is the final proof I am
NOT going to officially Alon announce
the launch date on youtube I am
announcing it via my e-newsletter
specifically for the Senate on book I am
going to as I said prior to the
my enewsletter I need to figure out what
I'm gonna do with my main EES newsletter
but I'm gonna start a tech newsletter
then the literary one and then because
I'm gonna start rubbing up and doing
more book reviews and I'm still trying
out a format for a book club I haven't
quite broke that down yet but I will be
reviewing more books through blog posts
and every so often through video reviews
if you want to know more about this book
and be in the know when I do book
reviews in general hit that link down
below and sign up for my newsletter
there will also be a tab on my Facebook
page and it will lead you right to
signing up for the newsletter well you
will be privy to the pre-sale I will be
doing a pre-sale a book giveaway a book
dinner and potentially a book tour and
so if you want to be the first to know
about all that information sign up for
the newsletter for this now what is this
book about when in my Americana review
for - - Americana I says well I think
it's an emo because essentially
that's what it is if I was a character
names solely be through our exploration
of finding you know faith and love and
vulnerability and just relationships
from work - geez you know familial
relationships and just kind of about
discovering what her self-worth is and
what she deserves out of relationship it
is a very emo book which is why I'm so
nervous about publishing it because I
get tongue-tied when it comes to talking
about emotions I like to be strong and
independent we can not be weak and
vulnerable have big issues that which is
why I'm still single but yeah I put it
all into this book so I'm pretty excited
send it on thank you all for your
support and Ally machine and get this
space where I feel comfortable enough to
like publish a book I've published a few
of them on my blog there's 19 short
stories in here of the 19 that are in
here I have published that's three I
have published on Jules e-comm I believe
a link down below it'll give you kind of
a better understanding of my writing
style and what the book is really about
so you can peruse those ride with me on
this journey I'm sorry I'm so tongue
but I'm super excited they're so excited
we're gonna pour it up right now be
cheers with me about publishing a book
and getting it in the mail it's my
favorite one if you have not had go get
you some yellowtail sangria it will
change your life
cheers y'all clean clean clean clean
clean bang thanks for watching thanks
for supporting thanks for helping me
grow as a person
I hope this by are you - somebody tagged
me in their Dean's List photo a photo of
their Dean's List letter on Instagram I
thought it was so touching
hashtag smart brown girls yeah I've been
doing it big doing it and doing it and
doing it yeah this is all my soul boys I
got five a t-shirts left with
self-promotion so I walk up emotion here
there's sweat shirt right here I will
leave a link down below I only have my
five block size largest email me
directly at shop and Jersey calm if you
wanna do 20 on the Hollis or you can go
to juvie calm I'll link that below we
can purchase it through my email my
store okay and this is the shirt for
Albin on some other non doses this is a
shirt that I have for sale it's it's
pretty low but this is only like I think
I'm for like 15 a bunch of these left
because I never really promoted them and
I don't know I don't know why I did this
but I have them and when you get really
low so Judi that calm slash shop
