hey guys it's Josie and I am back with
another behind the Valencia filter which
is a series that I originally started I
did a first video with Jovi an airman
from Teach for America and I'm here with
the college friend Kareem Merrick dr.
Kareem who's a dentist and so the whole
point is to showcase black professionals
that are successful in their career
paths that we often don't like really
talk about because you know welcoming
mr. Graham's a lot about being a dentist
he makes it makes it look whole but I am
a Doctor of Dental Surgery I grew up in
a family with a lot of health care
professionals my dad is the ER doc my
mom is a nurse I had my front tooth
chipped playing basketball so over time
I developed a love for the craft the
artistry of it how you take people out
of pain
how you restore the confidence their
smile so I went to school to be a doctor
demo survey that residency program in
New York for a year and now I practice
in New York I'm a dental director of a
clinic we have a mobile unit that goes
to every borough in New York City
I'm also here in 124th on Lenox we serve
an underserved population of patients
who mental health whether it is systemic
disease or government insurances we
accept a la wide range of patients
low-income patients students you name it
I also do private practice the more
aesthetic Hollywood veneer smart
dentistry in the Bronx
I'll sleep waiting my teeth for me I
could you might see
all right so would you say you did four
years of undergrad then you did school
dentistry which we didn't wreck aside
Oh went to school at Howard University
the real issue my parents also at the
Howard University my mom graduated from
nursing school my dad graduated from the
medical school so we are Howard family
Howard is probably one of the greatest
universities as far as putting
african-american physicians dentist out
into the world it's just remarkable how
small a community that we have is on
minority physicians dentists these
people who are looking to improve the
health of people within their own
communities so I'm very proud of the
Howard thing I don't know how it
overlooked that so what point did you
decide that you were gonna be a dentist
and I think I think you know a lot of
times we're going out we have like these
things that we want to do and then for
whatever reason life intersects and we
don't always follow through because we
feel like we can't or we don't we're not
good enough for whatever so at what
point did you realize that you want it
to be a dentist but you could be a
dentist and that you know what kind of
kept me driving towards that goal um I
always thought that I wanted to do long
when I was in high school like I said I
chipped my front tooth and I was so
afraid of the outcome of what I was
going to look like if girls are gonna
like me if I was if I was gonna be able
to smile the dentist asked questions
although the whole way through the
procedure and I have so many questions
that there was so much artistry involved
I tell my patients all the time it's
like I do arts and crafts for a living
all day we have so many different
materials that we use so many shapes
that we create the human anatomy is
something I am very very interested in
and I work with it every day
um it was very difficult when I was in
dental school the first two years are
very book driven we don't do a lot of
clinical things so these uh I wasn't
good at chemistry per se because I'm a
more tangible person so these ions and
bonds were there was something that I
had to learn to get over to get where I
wanted to get to which is patient
treatment and they were very important
components of what we do
how these materials work how the human
body works so just because it wasn't my
favorite subjects in school didn't mean
that they weren't important and those
are probably the more difficult things
I'm getting through those classes in
order to get to the clinic and be able
to work on you know a lot of patience so
did you find that there was any support
as far as being like a young black
person that's interested in the sciences
there was more support than I could take
advantage of one of my mentors dr. hazel
Harper when I was in undergrad and I
told her I wanted to be a dentist she
was the first female black president of
the National Dental Association and she
let me in I saw how much she did for the
community how much she definitely young
men like me that wanted to be in this
field and even now there's so many such
a small network of dentists especially
minority dentists that they really
embrace each other they really look out
for each other they really offer a lot
of opportunity I work with dr. Deon
Finlay in the Bronx she takes mission
trips to Jamaica the amount of service
especially within this field it's it's
sometimes it's more support than you
know that I've ever had well how if
somebody is interested in being a
dentist or just interested in any field
do you have any tips on how they can go
about like finding the right mentors or
like asking for help you know I think
sometimes there's people that we know we
want to help us we don't know how to ask
them for the help I think a good place
to start would probably be a learning
institution if you're in New York I'm on
faculty at Columbia I'm on faculty at
Lutheran Columbia College the dental
medicine has a lot of doctors and dental
students who they want to expand the
knowledge of the field they want to be
able to promote what we do as as
something that's very important to
society very important to people's
overall health and we're always looking
to recruit new faces and new energy so I
think the best place to start would be
the people who are on the front line of
training
the next generation of dentists is a
very large small business
entrepreneurship part of Dentistry and I
don't think a lot of people realize
going into the field I think if you are
interested in doing dentistry it's very
important that you worked in an office
to see the challenges to see how they're
able to make the money to support the
clinic packed with patients customer
service all these things are very
important to the field and a lot of
times when you go into the medical field
the business aspect of things isn't
emphasized so let's not mess with social
media so the whole point of this series
that I'm doing is about I call it behind
the Valencia filter because Valencia is
the most popular filter that people use
I Instagram okay because it makes
everybody look good all right gives me a
little bit of color um but so what
happens is I think with social media is
we tend to feel like that is
representing a representation of the
person's whole life and a lot of us will
look on it and feel like we're not doing
enough or we're not achieving enough or
whatever so how do I know you're on
Instagram and Facebook and stuff so how
do you feel about how people view
other's lives through you know I think
it's difficult to think with dating
interviews social media I think it's a
lot of people's obligation to put their
best foot forward and I don't think
there's anything wrong with that there
are people who are more vulnerable more
truthful about what they choose to
communicate but for the most part I
think it's not uncommon and human nature
to want to put your best foot forward so
you wear that best outfit you want to
wear the glamorous parts of my job I
want to emphasize it the positive
achievements that I'm able to achieve I
want to be able to display it for me I
do to truth Tuesday's on my Instagram
and Facebook because this thing that
pictures I feel like dentistry is a
field that has very little glamour
associated with it I think people are
very afraid to go to the dentist
I think a lot of people don't trust the
dentist
in tension because it's such an
expensive field if you need a great deal
of work and there is a communication gap
and what a dentist tells you that you
need and what your understanding is and
a lot of times that communication isn't
emphasizing the right way because of
time restraints so I did these two
truths Tuesday's in order to number one
educate some kind of glamour of social
media glamour to take away the stigma of
the fear of going to the dentist I think
besides parking enforcement there might
not be a more dreaded profession to go
see other than the one that I've chosen
I like to use that platform to educate I
teach residents and I try to make it
appealing to the residents and that
things about my field that I enjoyed
tremendously and I just want people who
subscribe to me to be able to feel that
did you ever at a point when you were
still like pursuing your education feel
like you weren't matching up to your
peers you know while you were trying to
become a dentist that maybe you didn't
have the same glamour or that you kind
of in a way felt less than those around
you feel like there is a there's a
widespread popular opinion that dentists
aren't doctors like there aren't real
doctors right and I did have peers that
I that were friends of mines in medical
school and there was a competition
because the medical schools next to the
dental school and there was a
competition and a lot of it was you know
we're real doctors and I see it on
what's the movie hangover well the
dentists they challenged his his title
as a doctor and as a father who's in the
ER doc if a patient comes to the ER and
he told me when I was young way before I
did it I knew I wanted to be a dentist
he would tell me that tooth aches are
probably the top three most emergencies
that he would get and the emergency room
right but they couldn't do anything but
prescribe antibiotics and have them go
see a dentist
there are certain things that only this
specialty can do and no other medical
profession can do no other medical
profession can restore teeth do some of
the inter oral surgeries that we do
build a smile back up it's such a
dynamic profession in which everything
begins in the mouth you get a common
cold you get a sore you get a sore
throat if you have immunocompromised
diseases a lot of Amanar HIV diabetes
anemias sickle-cell a lot of these
disease that challenges the immune
system there are oral manifestations
whether it's ulcerations whether
soreness whether it's periodontal
disease that manifests in the mouth so I
feel like we're at the frontline of
overall health
there have been studies shown that the
plaque and calculus on your teeth it's
anonymous with the plaque and calculus
build-up in the heart thus causing heart
disease so a lot of the things going on
in the mouth are reflection of overall
health and people are neglecting their
or hygiene they're neglecting more than
that if there was anything that I felt
that I had to represent in school that
challenged me or made me feel was this
was this notion that dentists are
doctors and they are doctors of the
mouth and and they they play a big part
and not only just appearance but overall
health
yeah that's true because I will pull to
help clean my teeth but it helps with my
allergies no like a lot like I didn't
pull this morning out of her struggle
but is where has something that has to
do with my mouth will affect the rest of
my sinus the rest of your body
how many tips for parents about gearing
their kids towards you know exposing
them to if they wanted to be a dentist
you know anything they can do with their
kids
well I think first and foremost a lot of
parents are facilitators and the fear of
the dentist so number one is do not make
your child fearful of a dentist because
of your experiences I worked in a
pediatric office if somebody's child had
a cavity that the parents reaction would
be oh I told you to brush your teeth now
he's gonna put a needle this big in your
face and that's what you deserve and
that's a very very fear-mongering way in
order to warm a child up to something
that they're going to have to do with
the rest of their lives you just going
to the dentist so number one take your
child to the dentist early be positive
about the dental visits tell them
they're going to a tooth spa where
they're gonna spray water and clean the
teeth and give it a massage tell them
that when they get good news from the
dentist reinforce them with positive
reinforcement and just initiate them
knowing the dentist as a very positive
part of life and then when they're there
they can ask questions to the dentist
and the dentist can let them know about
the arts-and-crafts part of it the
artistry of it making people feel better
and I think all those things for young
people it sparks the imagination a lot
of times I suit and boot my patients
children put on masks put on Barry gowns
and let them assist with procedures I'll
have them assist with procedures so that
they can develop a very tangible love
for the profession so it's a it's a very
needed profession it's a very
stimulating profession it's a very
lucrative profession and if you want to
influence your child to at least take a
look at dentistry it definitely should
start with making regular dental visits
and trying your best to put the dentist
and a light that is positive those that
are interested in healthcare professions
to look into dentistry I think that
dentistry is one of those fields that a
lot of people have found success have
been able to accomplish not only being
successful business owners but also
being able to engage in a healthy family
and a family lifestyle the ability that
we have to take people out of pain to
change people's lives I just think that
it's a it's a very worthy profession of
people's attention also for those people
who want free consultation free dental
knowledge like I said on Instagram and
on Facebook every Tuesday you tell you
what it's a great private know my
Instagram is KJ underscore America SMB
are Ric k KJ underscore em er IC K and I
do two through Tuesdays every Tuesday
whether its historic facts about
dentistry whether it's clever ways you
can write in your teeth without having
to pay a thousand dollars
I need those I need to do a video on
those tricks oh I would love to do that
whether it's or hygiene tips
whether you are a parent and you're
trying to figure out whether your child
needs braces or when their first baby
teeth comes out that first dental visit
should be the one can benefit from I've
been very consistent and I've gotten
such good feedback I have to be extra
consistent they are gonna go find you
okay so that that's my my shameless
promotion well I'll leave all the links
down you can find dr. merek and contact
him well let's go thank you for joining
the conversation hopefully all you
ladies out there find some type of
inspiration whether you're interested in
being a dentist whether you're getting
to the sciences whether you you know you
just want to be grand and flourish in
life like me um you know hopefully you
found some inspiration that's fit yeah I
will have links and contact information
down below as always thumbs up share
share this with your other young kids
with your community service groups and
I'll see you later
just realigning myself to what my
purpose was like what is the thing that
I know God wants me to do what am i
uniquely positioned to do to bring it to
the world and that's what I'm gonna
focus on and if I'm focused on that I
can celebrate what else someone else is
doing in their unique way and it
contribute to that
