hey guys it's Josie and I am here to
talk about something that I mentioned in
my tax discrimination video which has
blown all the way up yeah love Oh y'all
that's right and Whitney Allah awesome
and a lot of people were like they can't
wait to hear what I have to say about
hair vitamins because you know I keeps
it real let's talk about the major
swindle that is the hair vitamin mark so
the first question is do hair vitamins
work TLDR which is too long didn't read
the answer is somewhere in between maybe
yes depends on the person um largely
speaking hair vitamins will on some
lengths help your hair grow because they
are chock full of biotin and MSM which
are products that can naturally be found
in leafy greens and dark good healthy
food that you should be eating anyway
biotin is a derivative of vitamin B it
is great for you but you also to be very
careful the more concentrated amounts
you take of it if you are not taking
enough water to help pass the biotin
through your body it's gonna come out
through your skin and it's not gonna
come up to your skin on your face it's
gonna come out on all these weird places
on your body you had a pimple on your
back doesn't look it back knee on your
inner thighs like weird places you will
start to break out because you're not
drinking enough water with the biotin I
usually you should take 300 MC G's I
drink a half a gallon of water I drink
water until my pee runs clear any sort
of vitamin B including biotin will make
your pee a bright golden yellow the
difference in the color of pee with
vitamin B in it and color of P because
he would drink it too much Mountain Dew
is that the soda and all the process bad
foods for you will make your pee cloggy
and foggy looking and vitamin B will
make it a bright golden like the yellow
brick road clear page so that's how you
know like your body's working correctly
oh you should drink water until your PE
runs clear that's my rule of thumb with
biotin and vitamin B which means you'll
be in the bathroom every 30 minutes so
you really have to fit these types of
things into your lifestyle and
unfortunately because of the marketing
of hair vitamins and the
but they are upselling something you can
do for $5.00 they are not telling you
all this information to go with it and
that's really largely my problem with
hair vitamins it's not a matter of
whether or not they will or will not
work it's a matter of the marketing is
just so disingenuous and one thing that
where I was once a disingenuine I don't
even know if s really a word not
authentic it's not honest it's a bunch
of crock if yo ish Willie work why have
you got people who are genetically
predisposed to rapid hair growth doing
product reviews and endorsing your
product why is Kim Kardashian endorsing
a hair vitamin why is Tiana Taylor who
we also where's a button the we went
ahead and just release our own extension
line putting up a picture talk about
this is what I've been taking to help my
hair grow chick that she came out with a
month ago you ain't for taking it like
stop why are you wasting your coins and
your brand marketing money and
ineffectively trying to market a product
that you could just give to somebody
that hasn't been known to have rapid
hair growth and have them review it and
it really show that the product
legitimately works all for small
businesses I'm all for black all
businesses it's like halfway feel kind
of bad about having to like talk about
hair vitamins because one of the ones I
get a lot of questions asked is all by a
black female and I wish her all of the
goodness of being a entrepreneur and all
the coins in her pockets but I just wish
that across-the-board hair vitamins was
more authentic in their marketing like
you shouldn't be having people even the
people that I've seen on YouTube review
it and there's some of them that I like
in real life I'm just not like alright
so when y'all gotta send it to the
bullheaded Sheikh when he let us send it
to somebody who has really short hair
and has it previously just had thick and
actually thick or long hair before I
like they're sending these people that
you've already seen their hair grow
super fast without them taking any sort
of vitamins like they're genetically
predisposed and none of these people
were measuring their hair beforehand
none of them are measuring their natural
monthly hair growth there are other very
popular youtubers on here like a destiny
godly who have had issues with their own
hair growth that it would make so much
more sense to like market your products
through because then it's like yo for
real but I think the issue is they are
highly
marking up something that you can easily
go to like Walmart or Target or CBS or
vitacost calm and get for the low-low
what happens is for most of us who are
not eating healthy diet though our hair
nails and skin are the last parts of
your body to get any of the nutrients
because God said don't be shallow find
the Bible for me fine kidneys are way
more important than your nail growth or
your hair growth body was out here
eating fast food you eat out every night
with your girls you be too lazy to go
home and cook me I know I'm bad body is
taking nutrients that will go to your
hair nails and skin to process that food
in order to digest your food it takes
nutrients inside your food so if you're
eating food that has no nutrients in it
it's like a double whammy like mmm
unless you're genetically predisposed
that long hair growth you're gonna be
like struggle out here with their growth
of the tricks a hair vitamin is that
it's having you take a larger dose of by
you two than an average person takes
like the average pill that she'll find
at a Walmart for biotin is a rat like
300 to 500 M C G's and I think you need
around 3,000 M C G's of biotin to really
see the German hair growth most people
aren't gonna take that because you took
a handful of pills but I want on
Vitacost that kind and got me this I
have taken by ten before on a regular
basis in the summer of 2010 and my hair
just flourished and I don't know for me
we'll just something like I did it for
like the summer and then at the end of
the summer I was like Danielle is full I
am feeling this but the thing with
Bryson as I said before is that you
definitely have to drink a ton of water
and for some people you know I don't
take bites until I get to where it is
five dollars and change I have 120
capsules 5000 M C G's which should last
me for months if I pop one of these
every day five dollars and fifty cents
there is MSM I have a thousand mg s and
this is okay at 120 capsules I think
this one was around $7 four months
supply every day if I take it I
personally don't take biotin or MSM
every day weird things are happening
with biotin it's kind of like you have
to like ease your body into it from my
experience I know I'm gonna be on
vacation and I don't have to think about
drinking that much water because I want
me some frozen pina coladas I'll skip
the biotin because I'd rather not have
the Pina Colada come out on my back
everyone's gonna react differently to
biotin I definitely think also for those
of you before you even take any of these
vitamins you need to go to the docks and
get your blood work done and you needed
to have them test you for a vitamin D
and B deficiency if you have a why did
vitamin D most of our sort of deficient
because you only get it through the Sun
and the iris of your eyes it helps with
your bone strength and then somehow I
feel like that will help with your hair
because whatever I'm just making it up
but just rock with me here vitamin B
deficiency you might actually have
celiac disease and I have a gluten
allergy and Nell's is just not a white
people thing it could happen to all of
us which means that your body cannot
absorb the vitamin B properly because
you are eating glue products with gluten
in it and the gluten is blocking in the
absorption of vitamin P I'm not saying
that you can't take a hair vitamin if
it's easier for you if it's more
cost-effective for you then by all means
just be a smart consumer and do your
research if you can trump the three
months supply a hair vitamins that I got
for thirteen thousand Vitacost I'll
leave that link down below with the hair
vitamin with a Brenda hair vitamin then
go ahead be my guest you know do you boo
but just the words the Y just be smart
research it the Internet is there for
all of you I have originally written the
article which goes into more detail and
I'm not talking as fast because you can
read at your own pace on Eponine icon
which I will link down below to the
original article that I wrote about this
bowl ever need if any of you have taken
a hair vitamin and you've either loved
it hated it had a bad reaction had a
great reaction had hair growth let me
know your experience down below what's
your ease with biotin time you take an
MSM what do you think about all the
marketing cuz I can't be the only one
out here that flag come on why are you
trying to play me like I'm dumb people
just get so lazy when I start marking to
black women that's really my issue
so AK thanks for watching as always
engaged me let me know your thoughts
tweets me thumbs up this video like it
it helps me out here people and check
out Jules EECOM for those of you who've
been asking yes I do have a donate
button on my website it's on the right
sidebar but
my little whatever I'll leave a link
down below for those interested but I'm
not I'm not pulling up as I'll really be
pushing it no if you want to support cuz
you want to support support hey thanks
for watching
Juicy's let me know what you think about
this health convocation do you feel like
you're here touch with all of them in a
natural hair community do you feel like
there is a touch of discrimination that
is happening
