hey guys this is Julie and I know it's
been a while since I've done one of my
tech Tuesday videos and this might not
even make it up on the Tuesday so if
it's another in a week just check
whatever date a week that is girls I
know you wonder what is this fine here I
have in my head it's a PG showgirl
giving me all the types of that girl
whose names you about two authors to
mess up with you say if you look like
her but be some ah ladies yes girls all
right whatever and just don't call me
nobody Elvira links will be down below
in the hey I'll have a full review on it
later but today what I'm gonna be doing
is a much discussed topic on on nine
branding cuz I'm all about breaking out
of swindles and I feel like the theory
of online branding is like the biggest
swindle of them all and this is
something that I feel like will touch
everyone even those who are not
interested in being YouTube content
creators so we're gonna do the 10 tips
for on line brand name first things
first
online branding is a misnomer what
online branding really is is SEO oh the
whole theory behind online branding is
how do you make yourself more visible on
the internet which is search engine
optimization number two top more visible
on the internet and to make sure that
your online branding is effective it's
really about employing good SEO
practices SEO stands for search engine
optimization that does not just include
Google Yahoo and Bing
that also means we'll find you via
social media how we will integrate and
interact with you on social media your
engagement on your blog and web sites
all that is packaged in SEO practices
number four what in America and most of
the Western world
Google sets the standard SEO and kind of
how we shape our digital experience in
our online branding based off of the
algorithm that Google outputs for search
it's
most common one in America I know in
some other countries being is very
popular
the current of algorithm hummingbird
which was released around September of
last year for Google this is getting way
more technical than a lot of you would
care but you can just look up Google
hummingbird and you can see the changes
that Google has employed and how search
works and they'll give you a lot of tips
on how to create SEO friendly content
how you to brand yourself the tool the
webmaster tools that Google provides for
you as a blogger vlogger or anybody with
the online presence to mention that your
business and your content is easily
found by people that need to find you
five so let's get into some actual basic
practices the most basic of basic of
basic of SEO practices is that the more
you say something the more people
believe you take an example hi I'm Jules
II I'm a four C natural hair youtuber hi
I'm Josie I'm a four seed natural hair
youtuber today we are going to talk
about four seed natural hair and I'm
gonna show you my video on YouTube about
4c natural hair and today I'm gonna show
you how to moisturize your 4c natural
hair because I'm all about 4c natural
hair why because I have four C natural
hair you know what happens there you now
know what am I about I am about 4c
natural hair and I said it so damn much
you might actually be annoyed but on the
internet what happens is the more you
say what you're about the more Google
believes that you are about that and
what takes it even further is the more
other people say you are about that that
ups my value and so the more I say it
and then the more other people saying
this is why sharing is so important for
content the higher you will rank in
Google search so 6 share content ranks
higher and you're starting out so what
you should do and we're gonna take this
specifically for youtubers and you can
kind of break this down for whatever you
own a business or whether you're just a
blogger that means you need
have a blog where you post your videos
on your blog then you need to have
social media accounts and this leads us
into seven which is why social media
accounts are good for rankings so don't
overload yourself on social media
accounts if you can't manage all of them
feel bad about not using all of them I
personally want to own the Jules E brand
everywhere so when something new comes
out whether or not I understand it I'm
gonna use it
I usually sign up and grab ahold of that
username with the quickness just pick
one or two and really strategize sharing
your content on those outlets because
that will help you it's book.com will
rank higher than Jules EECOM because
Facebook has more visits more users more
clicks all that so facebook.com slash
Jules E is very valuable to my online
brand and good SEO practices now what
number 8 with the most recent update to
Google hummingbird Google is making this
really big push towards making the
entire digital experience more
humanistic and so they're getting a lot
better with reading content by 3 to 6
keywords that describe what your brand
is about and make sure that you're
constantly employing those keywords in
your content whether it's in your page
title and the content that you write in
your post or whatever you employ I'm
gonna say that I'm about 40 natural hair
then it's gonna be in my page title to
be in my tags and then I'm gonna also
make sure that employ that and
constantly implement and my content and
whatever I talk about online a month 9
the better organize your website is the
better your certs your SEO and all that
other stuff will be in that goes for you
people here on YouTube playlists are
very important for ranking well in
searches your blog categorize so that
Google can search it especially some of
us are multifaceted people I'm also
advocating for this smart brown girl I
also do a tech series so it's important
that I have a tech category I have a
natural hair category and I break these
categories down because if people are
searching for very finite searches like
thinking very specific they want to ban
to not out for for see natural hair
I make sure that I have a style category
hairstyles for 4c natural hair and then
Google will rank you higher than someone
who just has a blog with no categories
talking about 4c natural hair theory you
and have a clean XML and site feed
because people use a lot of readers and
other things to access your site this
case sends an accessibility and a lot
more technical stuff this is what I do
at work actually if you want people to
be able to have to subscribe to your
blog and get your updates and emails and
stuff all that plays into your XML and
having good organization on your website
10 this is like like the easiest SEO tip
that I can really give that Sony will
mess up on your name should be
consistent across the web and this is
why I sign up for everything even if I'm
gonna use it or not at Jule's e because
people don't want to have to say oh
you're so and so on YouTube and you're
so and so on Twitter and then you're so
and so on Instagram like if you want
people to be able to find you follow you
and connect with you make it simple make
sure that you own that name across the
board so there's no confusion and you're
easy to find I see this mistake made
with a lot of people and it's like if
you're so worried about your online
branding you're gonna pay for a webinar
and that's a bonus tip if somebody is
doing an online branding webinar and
they don't know what a rel tag is like
that's your trick girl find a bunch of
relative authorship go ahead ask about
and if they don't know about it that's
not worth your coin those all the basics
ce o-- after this i'm going to get more
into doing technical topics i hope to
inspire young women to get involved in
tech i'm realizing how you know blank of
the field is for women that look like
myself and it's still cool still swagged
out girl yeah but let me know do you
have any other questions i would
definitely write up a blog and go a
little bit more into detail provide you
with links and details for other
resources that will help you out in your
online branding and best SEO practices
it's all about the SEO
and it's deaf and I see you guys out
there and also remember if you're trying
to brand yourself on the Internet the
first stop is Google and Google is
really good at what they do so look up
their resources start there thanks for
watching if you have any questions leave
them down below those who could tweet me
at Jule's e find me on Facebook I love
to engage in dialogue with all of you
guys and I will do a tech tweet chat
this month of May I will announce it in
my next video what I'm gonna do that but
I will definitely do a tech tweet chat
so follow me on Twitter for more details
on that thanks for watching deuces I
wanna say ladies we're just a Goose's
people's today's tech Tuesday and we're
about tips for tips on starting and
running a successful YouTube
