hey guys it's Josie and I am going to do
a video all day kind of personal topic
I'm going to give myself to you guys um
I've been meaning to talk about this
topic for a while but I never really
know how to address it larger my
audience gets the more I realize it I
something that I should talk about but
also the larger my audience gets the
more aware the fact that there are
people out there that don't necessarily
watch because they like me they watch
because obviously you know there's a
little bit of negativity and everything
and so it does make me little bit more
cautious about putting out personal
information that could be misconstrued
or thrown back in my face or just
think to deaths and the natural hair
community I think that they both in
their own way kind of uh for me
exhibited how much we tend to feed into
like thinking about how well-off
somebody is or how well doing someone is
based off of like social media and it
gives a kind of false pretense to how
one is really living and that I'm not
referring to somebody actually lying
about how they live but I think we feed
so much into kind of oh well I'm friends
with this person on Facebook or follow
us on Instagram so I see that they're
doing okay so we don't we kind of lacked
that sort of intimacy of you know just
thinking about someone and checking it
on them or calling them or you know
dealing with someone in 3d that um I
think is so important especially for us
young black women who a lot of times
have these strong senses of loneliness
diagnosed with anxiety when I was 12
years old I do not remember the exact
form of anxiety that I have but I
haven't classified whatever the
psychology book is d4 d6 whatever I like
legitimately have anxiety and panic
disorder I'm not a doctor I have been to
a therapist before I have never taken
medication though has been strongly
suggested it's just something that I
personally not comfortable with and
that's not even what the subject is
about what I really just want to talk
about is just kind of not about mental
illness and how much it does really
impact our community and then I don't
feel like anybody should be ashamed of
the things that they deal with I you
know when I was 12 I was literally just
getting sick I was that's how we
establish that I had anxiety I remember
going to the can suing of the DuPont
Children Hospital in Delaware and having
to like get like a test aid like what
through my stomach and my colon and then
you know the doctors like oh no
basically she has anxiety and she's
worrying herself sick I chose to deal
with that by um making lifestyle changes
and that's another reason why again I
keep a very small social circle I don't
deal well with disappointment I don't
deal with embarrassment I don't deal
well with negativity and so I choose to
make a very conscious effort to keep
those things out of my life and at bay I
don't even know kind of how really
address how I've dealt with my own
anxiety because I don't want to give
anybody misinformation I want to
discourage anyone who needs it from
taking medication or from going to the
therapist I think seeing a therapist is
great um I actually got fired from Apple
and when they were trying to fire me up
hmm you know I've got a letter to the VP
of HR at corporate she's black and relax
they made the mistake of showing us to
her at a meeting an employee meeting I
was like oh dang on trying to swindle me
on but I know exactly what to writes to
her a letter and Apple simonson
therapist for 12 weeks and it was
probably for the better it's one of the
better it was a life-changing moment for
me to be able to sit down with she
wasn't even like a PhD she was like a
psychotherapist but I had been trying
for a while to find a therapist on my
own my medical insurance just really
didn't allow for me to go to a therapist
that often um but going you know getting
Swindell in my way out of not getting
fired from Apple I landed with them
paying for me to see a therapist and
don't ask what I wrote but it was really
good to kind of have someone who I was
able to talk to that didn't have any
preconceived notions of me who once my
visits were done with her she was a
little tell none of my friends about me
she there was no real possibility for
her to talk about me with anybody else
and you know when our relationship ended
that's where it ended at you know for me
my anxiety is typically triggered from
feelings of
9do of my own standards of how I should
be living not really by I don't really
care about what other people think of me
but you know I mentally have this place
in life that I'm supposed to be at at
each age at each marker at each thing
and so you know sometimes I can just
kind of overthink a situation or I don't
really deal well with being vulnerable
or um allowing someone to can have
control whether it be you know
significant other or a friend my
emotions and so I kind of struggle a
little bit with that and you know it's
something that I deal with I have a
great relationship with my mother I tend
to talk to her about everything just for
that reason because and I think it's
good to have a person that you really
can trust in your life to talk to and
able to deal with those emotions but
more so to the point of the the passing
of Berlin
Catherine Washington I think it's her
name she did the four Brown girls
movement and the dark-skinned red lips
movement
apparently she would hit suicide last
week I don't know her personally I
didn't know of her prior to the the her
passing away um but you know as having
ties my mother actually had when I
talked to her the other day she was like
oh did you hear about this girl like
that's so sad and she had this following
you know it's surprising that she would
kill herself and I'm like whoa
for me I didn't find it that surprising
I mean it was sad and is very
unfortunate emotions I have but what I
mean by it wasn't that surprising is
that I think so often we look at
somebody who has a following or has
numbers or you know is posting happy
pictures on Instagram or is tweeting all
the time and is always up and out and
knows other people as being okay or me
it's like I have X amount of subscribers
I think I'm over 80 K now and I still
feel lonely as and I don't think
that these are not 80,000 subscribers is
not going to fill the void of genuine
relationship and I think we dis value
how much something like hey how are you
doing or just having a conversation or
talking to somebody on the phone or
handwritten letter or a handshake or a
hug or physical touch from someone who
you know cares about you is a value I
think we so often feed into oh she got
16k on Instagram she okay and it just
drills my it like gets under my skin for
people to assume that someone is okay
because of a number of followers numbers
are just fat their numbers a lot of
people lurk on top of that and for
anyone who's trying to do a movement or
put themself out in the public sphere
there is a certain level of negativity
that doesn't have to deal with on top of
that but they might not be prepared for
especially if they don't have someone
who they could turn and call to and talk
to I'm fortunate in that and I was on my
mom you know like I have her and my
lying sister who I probably my one line
sister who I talked to often and one
other home got three people who I talked
to on a close to regular basis that I am
able to talk to about personal things I
mean
cry - on the phone I'm able to express
my vulnerabilities and my weaknesses and
the things that are going on my head but
it's so easy for me to lose those three
people and you know I don't want to be
like super negative but I did say to my
mother you know like god forbid you know
any day somebody could pass away you
know things just happen in life
everyone's not going to you know
everyone's not gonna be around for
forever and it's like I only have three
people and I can lose that so quickly
and it was like you know what this girl
might not have had family everyone
doesn't have a close relationship with
their mother everyone doesn't have a
close line sister everyone doesn't have
a really close friend who understood
that no judgment that judgment-free
relationship and it took me very long to
kind of aside from my mother it's take
me a while to be able to develop
relationships with two people who I'm
not related to and who are genuinely my
friends and it's not been easy to
maintain leashes like that either
so don't dis value or discount what it
means for someone to have that physical
interaction just because she's has this
following and she's doing these great
things on the Internet
it's on the Internet you cannot survive
you cannot eat you cannot breathe you
cannot love you cannot feel just of off
of an Internet relationship it has its
limits its boundaries in this truck with
a wwe.com don't discount how they're
doing because you see them on YouTube or
you see them on Facebook or you see them
on Instagram or on Twitter don't
discount that they're human beings and
that there might be other things going
on and we all are not putting the whole
story or the 360 or the all of us are
evolving people we're not stagnant we
don't stay in the same place and so it
does take a lot of emotional weight to
kind of put yourself out there and it
means even more for people like me or
people that are putting themselves on
the public sphere to have that
interaction in that physicality and that
care and that emotional stability in
their real day to day life and so I
think that's very important to my part
you know I am a delta and I am in an
alumni chapter in Queens and I have to
Delta deers that I haven't
love a lot and I think especially when
we get older people and it isn't age
specific you know whether they're young
old their mothers they have children you
know people aren't gonna get all their
emotional needs through just having
their kids you know they might people
still need that friendship it just is
what it is I mean I wouldn't try to
overburden a person with a friendship
but being able to genuinely express your
care for someone is a great value and so
what I do is my two daughters that I
love from Queens alum knee out you know
they cross my mind pick up and call and
I'd not sound like a whole lot but like
you know especially people get older and
their friends die and their partners die
and they start to lose people that
they've always had around them you know
something as simple as hearing another
voice on the other side of the phone and
then just be able to talk about your day
you know you went grocery shopping you
picked up some Gala apples you know you
went played pinochle with your homegirls
like but the fact that they can tell
somebody that and that somebody can have
a banter with them having a conversation
I think not saying I'm going to win some
humanitarian word for you know Colin
thyra up and talking to her for an hour
and a half however you know I'm do it
because that's how I can show my care
and my love for her and I realized that
you know as someone who lost her husband
and you know her friends I think it
matters that someone call and check in
on her and just make sure she's okay and
not just call and say hey how you doing
okay your goodbyes but like genuinely
you know talk about their day and what's
going on and people aren't always going
to tell you what's wrong Mike it takes a
long time for people to want to open up
and share the net the negative things
that are going on in their life are the
things that makes them feel vulnerable
because so often when you are opening
you do share with people they throw back
in your face and as I've said in that
lack of support from friends video it's
one of like the worst feelings ever to
deal with when you talk to somebody in
confidence and they kind of use your
weaknesses against you and so I don't
ever want that to deter someone from
being kind of open about what's worrying
them or what they need help with or what
they need support with just be a little
bit smarter about it don't tell everyone
your business but you know you can kind
of feel people out and you know mention
things in passing and see what they say
about it you can't fall in it everyone's
lap but I don't I just don't want anyone
to either one go through life and feel
like they don't ever have any
support or there's absolutely no one for
the talk to or they can't ever tell
anybody what's wrong with them because
we can only be seen as strong black
women and we can't be anything less than
that and in turn also be mindful as a
friend the role that you play with your
other friends and you know if they do
take the time to open up to you even if
it's something that you don't agree with
you know don't ever sell that back
in a face you know I've had friends tell
me that I'm just looking at them
like I think ru was crazy
and I might you know be I have that
candid with my friends I'd be like you
know that's not really my cup of tea but
I'm never gonna bring that up later
I am never throwing things back into
somebody's face and to belittle them or
make them feel weak because it's like
obviously they there was some value that
they found there really with you to
even tell you that in the first place so
you should respect the fact that they
respect you to that level and just leave
it there I'm a nigga passing long hair
don't care
umm 2011 what was interesting is because
she had in the past year kind of started
take knocking down her social media
platform so she hadn't uploaded a video
in a year and she had deleted her
Instagram and so I saw her on a message
board first when people are talking
about her passing away I was like well
then I went to live link I was like well
this doesn't make sense you know how do
I verify this and it's like you know I'm
thinking about how much I in times of
weakness of vulnerability tend to cut
people off as well and start to like you
know salt part you know social circles
off because I don't want people to know
that I'm not okay and I'm not doing well
I think I could handle on my own but you
know in times of need it's just so
important to be able to have a network
and have people that can support you
even if you don't feel okay asking for
the support and so it just made me think
about you know how much when I'm going
through a hard time
isolate myself is a bad habit that I
have to stop I can't live in the
singular world when I'm not doing well
and only that everybody see me when I'm
okay that's not how the world works and
so I need to do better on that front um
yeah I just want to open up the floor to
have an honest discussion about dealing
with mental illness about dealing with
loneliness about living in a world where
people are so self-absorbed and so okay
with a life through their iPhone or
through their cell phone
I feel like we should be able to have a
more open candor about things that are
going on with us so I don't know I feel
like I'm rambling but if you have
anything to share on the topic please
feel free to share if you there's
anything more specific that you would
like me to discuss let me know and I
will try and do a video about that and
hopefully this helps with someone I'm
going to write a blog because I'm much
better at writing blog posts that deal
with my emotions than I am about
communicating them I really really
really have an issue with being
vulnerable like to the point that I get
tongue-tied and I can't say what I want
to say like I got it stuck in my head
and I can't link it but it is all
emotions I just can't verbalize it so I
will have a blog post link will be down
below in the description box and I hope
to help somebody and I hope to imbue
people to go help others as well and
that is all thanks for watching please
comment engage let me know it's going on
tweet me if you have any extra things to
say and won't Twitter at jillsy thank
you check Julie calm for the blog post
any Sudanese people watching this know I
do have some Denise o
followers scrappers but they're in
America in North Dakota
