hey guys is Josie and I am actually home
when the Sun is out so I decided to
record and get ready with me video I'm
actually going to talk through as I
apply my makeup motion guarantees videos
with a stupid log and I just like what
else well who has a pretty decorated
houses for like through the background
and yeah girl I ain't got an
interior decorating bone in my body okay
much true - now maybe I should like put
up some shelves back here like light
candles or like hanging the Christmas
tree lights on my back home to be
operated look you guys know the
secrets with that dress right there so
that should be enough for you cuz that's
the most thing we're not going to do so
first off I do use a lot of NYX
Cosmetics not because I gave you that
entire bag actually I was I had recorded
a video um the Christmas haul of all the
stuff I ordered from Black Friday but by
the time I got the product it was like
January and then by the time I edited
the video it was like February and you
know I'm shady but I ain't that shady I
don't open up video less from like
something that happened in November so
yeah I am using the angel feel it is a
skin perfection primer I like it because
it mattifies my face I'm not gonna lie
to you I do wear a ton of makeup largely
because I just have no color and during
the summertime I don't wear nearly as
much makeup but everything I do is
essentially about adding color because
as you can see I am five shades of cake
batter I am like see-through floresta
beige right now it should a cute I'm
using the NYX tinted moisturizer in warm
beige and my secret weapon is the lustre
drops by Mac and Sun rush just gonna add
that and I mix it into my tents and
moisturizer I really only wear that
moisturizer because I want to be able to
mix this into something and a
moisturizer is a lot lighter than a
foundation even though moisturizers can
be built up I just don't build neither
I really am only trying to add color I'm
not really trying to cover any blemishes
per se can I just mix it together look
now I have colored so usually when I'm
like doing the garage dress-up then I do
use the Laura Mercier tinted moisturizer
which is my favorite but it's also
picking out of the jar so you want to
stay on there I'm just getting dressed
for some YouTube videos and run some
errands
out and around town it's different next
time let's bring this closer this is
what everybody wants to know is my brows
alright so this is not gonna be an
official Brown tutorial but I'm gonna
give you a quick run-through of what I
do do with my brows so the first thing
you notice is I actually just draw my
brows according to how my brows go of my
face he has a big changing point for me
figuring out how to actually do my brows
and that look make them look like
they're chasing after each other was
when I went to Alexandre Butler's makeup
class and she noted that she doesn't
draw people's eyebrows on she just
follows the natural line that's already
created by where your brow bone in it
because your brow goes in on your brow
bones or your brows supposed to shape
your face so I use Mac's dip down brow
gel with the pledge brush this is from
know what company√≠s brush as well but
Alexandre did say that she felt like dip
down was too dark for brows but I liked
it down and I like dark brows so that's
just what its gonna be you know there's
rules to this makeup but you know
rules are meant to be broken and so it's
all about what looks good in the end not
about whether you follow like this
expert technique so I always start at
the end because obviously once your ends
to be darker and then I use whatever is
left on the brush to fill it in to fry
it
alrighty so I have now drawn both of my
brows in and I'm gonna go in with my
Milani concealer so these concealers in
the pot I don't know if you can find
them in stores but I haven't I order
them one
from Milani cosmetics they're like 5
dalla ha like $4.99 so I bought a whole
bunch all at once gave them to my mama
and I'm using what is this warm beige
I'm just full of beige this under
liberal it's a lot lighter wasn't that
way it's like a couple shade lighter
than what I actually add oh my gosh it's
still out there that's wider than me who
knew and I'm gonna use that under my
brows to clean up my brow bone this is a
painter's brush from my Ben Nye theatre
kit that I had from like forever today
go when I was a theater major and I just
blend it out with my ring finger under
my brow I'm gonna repeat it for the
other side now it's not because I do do
my brows and I draw my brows in
according to their natural shape my
brows do fluctuate in size depending on
how with something I've got them done I
have a brows done last week so they
shouldn't look a little too thick but
sometimes my brows do look thicker
because I go like a month in between
getting my now I'm gonna take um same
Milani concealer in golden beige it's
actually it's like if this does match my
skin tone it's like if not a little bit
lighter like on top of my brows I use a
color that matches my complexion a lot
more on top because I don't want to walk
around like both of the clown out
I only not trying to I don't want you to
be able to tell that like I considered
my brows it should not look that harsh
or that obvious alright so now I'm gonna
take that thank his sealer that I just
used on the top of my brow with my dirty
Beauty Blender so this is an expensive
tool ring finger you ain't gots to have
everything and yes I will be blue X how
and spritz my Uncle Peter bun there it's
just rose water and glycerin so that's
okay but I'm only spritzing it because
I'm not buying a sink right now to run
it under the water but this is my own
fix-it class babu hatela fix it lest it
should have caught me 5 hours
no-nobody 20 rolls water glycerin booboo
say I'm dancing and I smell good
memories are good because I really do
blend out your makeup really well and
you
look like cake face this papaya
concealer with their ring finger I got
long nails if you haven't happened to
notice and so it's always a pain for me
to try to get the concealer out the pot
which is why I use my Beauty Blender
instead I'm saying that's right okay
look now I'm like almost colorful can
you see me can you see me
alright back way back the brows so now I
need to finish up my brows tonight for
you guys this is a brow gel which sucks
your brows it's math girl boy I saw a
beet face honey talk about it one day
and I was like let me go try it and I
actually liked it because it allows me
to get away with my thick brows my thick
dark brows but it adds just enough
highlight in the brows to make it the
color makes sense it's contoured to do
some contouring Multan launches of the
amani foundation stick indeed number 4
so the idea is when you want to pick a
contouring color you obviously want to
pick something that's quite a few shades
lighter than you but she went to match
your undertone so I think I have I don't
know what under towards
I feel like it's more so I'm using warm
 and it looked good there was
nothing with that would they say to
match the undertone so if you have pink
undertone don't quote me they're mine
don't listen man I'm sure this shouldn't
look good on me this is what I use is I
have a very soft round face and so I
don't particularly want to make it too
much harder but I just want it to not
look so like Puff the Magic Dragon you
know hope you're not facing back I'm
gonna give my face to me love
and that is one time with my ring finger
don't feel bad if you don't have a lot
of a cup tools because your fingers are
your best makeup tool okay so now that I
blend it out all of my my contour I'm
gonna go back in and highlight with Mac
pepper and preparan Prime and light boos
this is not necessary but I just feel
like this gives my skin such a nice
finish like that almost doing without me
having to use the beaut app on my
Instagram pictures because I don't put I
don't use out of them apps when I put up
pictures of my face man doing your
makeup should be done well enough that
you don't need to like put a blur over
top of it but folks like it people keep
doing it but I would come up too lazy
it's like I got to put my picture
through all of this before I even posted
on this area that's too much work and
then I just blend it out with my Beauty
Blender and it gives me a nice highlight
without it being like super duper crazy
and it gives that nice finish I'm going
to set all of that with powder but not
like a ton of ton of powder I use the
Mac mineralized skinfinish I used medium
under my eye and it's funny because I
was using Ben Nye banana powder all the
time which is a little over the top for
day-to-day makeup and yes believe or not
all this it's just I mean this is how I
would do for like a date stuff to knows
what I got knows it I might put bed
night on but I think but nice a bit much
for everyday and I had left my bed night
in my mom's house and so I had to find
something to replace it and I have a Mac
discount self Mac is always my first
stop and I got that and I thought was
gonna return it once I got my Ben Nye
back like oh I really like this that's a
medium and then my actual color is
medium deep blue your dog leaves I try
not to do too much powder because this
stuff does build up and it is easy to
end up looking like powder face like I
mean I try to look like a little Richard
out on it
peas so - and look face is done so now
we could get a hunt to actually apply
makeup you mean oh my gosh all that it
wasn't even applying makeup well that
was just the foundation so judge me up
so gently so next I'm going to use soft
okra is painter pots
I love painter pot a lot of times this
is like the only eye color that I wear
um I really like Matt painter past
especially because I do wear a lot of
NYX colors and even though they're
pretty colors they will rub off during
the day those pigments and this is a
really good base for the pigments this
helps those pigments to really pop next
up is blush so I'm gonna wear this color
from NYX this is a blush that I did
receive some other newer colors and I'm
gonna go
now if you're darker than me blush you
don't really need for every day but I'm
Fozzie Japan we just trying to just
trying to help with the pale this year
the browner girls don't really need
blood and the next I'm gonna go in with
my NARS Alba trois and you know add a
little bit of sparkle give me that glow
you can also elf has a highlight powder
that's real good for a dollar this is a
20-footer
so next I'm gonna take some colors from
the dark till dawn and YX palette this
is something that I did receive in my
gift bag there was three of them I kept
two for myself sent one to my mama and
then I have another palette that I am
mailing out some of the girls I did a
giveaway for some of my stuff in my
newsletter about 700 of you guys are
subscribed to my newsletter 300 of you
open it two of you actually read it and
saw that I was giving away some of the
the products and entered and since only
two people entered I gave them both the
product I'm just gonna take this like
pearly pink color sometimes my NYX
products like this
I'll dampen the brush a little bit but
yeah this is Sedona lace knife or one
brush next I'm gonna paint my favoritest
brush if I could find it is a fluffy
said always brush and take this here is
purple one on the end with my Sedona
lace pencil brush
and just let it onto the corner yeah
all right it's done today oh my makeup
the next I'm gonna put some eyeliner on
i fluctuate between eyeliners this is
the iowa at nyx curls post about box I
actually bought this part of the Black
Friday because it doesn't output too
much product I always winged my liners
out just gonna miss the shape of my eyes
I personally prefer a gel liner but I
don't know where my daughter is
I don't feel like getting up to go find
it right now alright and then I'm just
gonna go underneath my eye is NYX black
um eyeliner I like lining my eyes with
liquid liners so this is a pencil that
I've had for forever and I bought it I
used to buy like the Mac eye pencils but
those run out so quickly it's just like
what's the point
it just gets the cheaper ones it's like
it does the same thing and this is a
mascara from that I got in a gift the
birthday gift from Sephora it's the
benefit mascara and I really like it I
actually I go back and buy it I have
naturally short lashes and so the brush
is what makes all the difference for me
alright put my earrings on so now I
could put on some lipstick first thing
in my EOS I love these things
football so many lipsticks I'm never
quite sure which one to wear but I'm
gonna try this one out this is my ex
matte lip and shy I'm going to like this
new beige look that I love even though
this eye is so neutral I probably could
do a darker color at this time ya know I
think I want to do a darker color
I don't think I'm gonna put lashes on
today though I could wash it later but
I'm gonna still slide on this is Max
Factor number 52 I've had this word
forever
my favorite dog lip is Rimmel I hate
more than before
I have stripeless we're gonna clean this
up with nice moles by Mac lip liner
highlight make sure these folks that
have a very deep one and put Bernards
done
