hey guys it's Josie and you guys are
lucky that I do not celebrate Christmas
because it's 2 a.m.
Christmas morning and I'm recording this
video this is actually my gift to you
you know I guess it's a season of giving
and so I'll just give now because I'm
getting a ton of questions I see you
guys guys commented as well all of my
videos are gossip about what the topic
is can you do a reading list please I
don't know what wooden clown you to
think that I read a ton of books I mean
my bookshelf isn't really that big I
know you've seen it in the background of
a few of my videos but um maybe just my
reference to play look oh hey hello who
I love I love that man you should read
his vlog today and share with you guys
um so we're gonna go over some of my
favorite books so it should be told I
really don't have like favorite favorite
books per se cuz like you know I feel
like you should never really start
reading and there's just so many books
in the world so how much does it just
like favorites ah but it's just it's
really kind of an ever changing thing
and so for me to put all like a favorite
book list I don't know that would be
fair because I've just read so many
books it's just so hard to turn that
down but these are gonna be I'm gonna
give you the books that have impacted me
in life and that like you know I pull
from on an almost daily basis and that
I've referenced in some of my other
videos or just kind of that have shaped
my train of thought and my being
alright so few books I don't own because
obviously buying books isn't always
cheap and you know the library is a
great resource and I and I prior to
moving to DC always had a library card I
don't know where the library is near me
out here DC just a clusterfuck in
general but when other than Brooklyn I
definitely was Brooklyn Public Library
was in there like every other day
borrowing books and yeah yeah so um I
kind of took a pursuit to read every
single James Baldwin book ever written
and I have read his entire what is it
called the Sagra from everything his
essays his plays I read everything James
Baldwin has
ever written and my hands-down favorite
James Bond book is just above my head
it's about like a like a group of boys
who are in a gospel choir that travels
through the Bible Belt south and like
one of them uh suddenly goes missing but
the kind of motif of the book is like
which is pretty much the motif of every
Baldwin book in general but I felt like
this one was the most humanistic and
this the most touching and realistic to
kind of how I live and you know what's
going on in modern society and that all
his books kind of touch on being black
in America male sexuality there's always
like there's always a very religious
tent because obviously James Baldwin who
his father was a Pentecostal pastor so
he grew up in the church and so he kind
of touches on all these motif suggest
coming-of-age and trying to figure out
how to be true to view but still be you
know true to what your parents raised
you as and such as that um and if you
have the chance you should definitely
check out the PBS documentary on tennis
ball win it is amazing and I actually
was watching it when I was recording my
crochet braid tutorial video but it's a
quick walk and this really really good
second app is a book by Joan Morgan is
called when chicken heads come home to
roost like the hip hop feminist hip hop
feminism in the hip-hop era or something
like that the main title of the book is
once you're gonna come home the ruse and
this book like I completely change my
life I feel like somebody recommended it
to me I feel like Christine Stahl
recommended to me sophomore year of
college and you know I think what
happens for a lot of young black and
intelligent intellectual females is that
we all go through this period well at
least I did back in high school was that
you kind of let this meet where you're
trying to figure out you know how much
of a thickness do you want to be and I
never really shy away from this term I
know there's been a lot of discussion
about feminism around Beyonce and
actually Joe and Morgan I think what a
piece on Huffington Post about it I
haven't read it because I'm like
overkill like the Beyonce in feminism
writings but Joe Morgan kind of really
shaped my understanding of how I could
be comfortable and being a feminist and
still be comfortable in the fact that I
enjoy hip hop music and I come up in
this era where this is the music that
Institute that I love and um you know
what happened for me is that I was on
what we call that
side ok player calm funny now that's how
I met Kimmy - before she was can we
treat via that site um but yeah you know
getting in with a lot of people that
like it's just like the roots and boho
neo so music and you really kinda get
into like this feminist culture of like
bell hooks Nagi Lord and all that stuff
actually own bell hooks Communion and by
large I don't really like bell hooks
like I just don't agree with her and I
just really couldn't get down with it I
remember I don't know who's in communion
I want to hurt other books where like
she kind of spends a whole chapter
talking about you know the sexualization
of the black female of media which is
true it's a good point to make but she
kind of goes into like oh how there was
penny from good times over sexualized
and at that point I was like girl you
are reaching with your points when I
like right now it's turning into
propaganda and I can really rock with
this and what I found is a lot of leg
I've also read just about all of Alice
Walker books cuz I was like a righty
but amongst that kind of era of writers
that there's a lot of kind of I don't
want to say the demeaning of black men
because I'm not on my tummy so admire
shakes I don't because I don't agree
with nothing any girl has to say but I
do think when you come I think because
they come from the era where there was a
rapid feminization of poverty amongst
the black community and that there was a
lot of black you know the drug impact of
crack and all this other stuff and just
black men kind of leaving the black
household and women having to be the
stronghold that it kind of is
reinforcing their writing and that the
men have really menial roles and it just
seems like the general kind of
dissidents towards black men which I
understand from the era that they came
from what they were perceiving but I
couldn't just I really couldn't get down
with that like I I remember and one
about books again she kind of went in on
her mother for her mom she didn't really
agree with the fact that her mother
would like make her father's play and
cook his food or like cut his food up
for him she thought that was subjugating
and I don't think that's fair because I
and you know I think my one issue with
kind of the liberal train of thought is
that we tend to forget that as much as
we want to push for being allowed to
think and live the way we want to live
that we then turn on other people and
say oh you can't live like that if they
want to be conservative like I feel like
I cannot go into some
it's how so to tell them how to live and
so and I can appreciate if somebody else
that's somebody else is you know life
and so I think Joe Morgan's when she has
come on the roof is like if hands-down
if I'm gonna suggest another book for
you to read read when thinking has come
home to roost
it will definitely enlighten you put you
on and will inspire you and it's just a
great amazing book I'm gonna have to
edit so much that cannot be rambling and
next up is Celestine Prophecy
so this was actually given to me as a
birthday gift I do own this and I
actually I own budget he has come on the
roost but somebody borrowed it from me
and never gave it back so I should just
buy another copy because I used to have
it it's like a bright lime green my
version was a bright lime green cover
but this was given to me as a birthday
gift for my homeboy Royce um The
Celestine Prophecy I think it's actually
a movie as well by Jane's right field
but I heard the movie sucks I've never
watched it but it's a great great great
book it hinges on the kind of mystic
religious and but it doesn't go too deep
you know I I'm technically a little
conservative when it comes to like
religious talk so this didn't offend me
at all but I think it really it kind of
it's very for some of my available
cliche but it's a really easy read and I
think it's really good because it's
about this guy who kind of on a whim
ends up in Peru and traveling into like
the ancient mountains and just kind of
realizing that you how your energy is
perceived by other people about kind of
really kind of opening your eyes to how
the energy you put out is the energy in
to attract so and ER you attract what
you put out so a lot of times what I
represent
you know you attract what you put out
and you know your energy will bring back
things it's because of reading this book
so even though it might be a little
simplified for some I still think this
is a great book because we all need
reminders isn't that what people to
church every Sunday Emily if I ever did
a favorites list this would definitely
be on it what is the what by Dave Eggers
this definitely kind of pulled me into
following the politics of Sudan and you
know this book was written prior to
South Sudan becoming its own country but
it deals with and a young boy I Chuck I
don't know say his name Valentino
who
Travel from what is now South Sudan up
into Ethiopia and down into Kenya
seeking refuge from what war was it I
don't know if it's particularly the war
but we all know that uh is it by sheer
Omar Bashir is the President of Sudan is
you know the Arab part of North Sudan
isn't really treating the South Sudanese
very well and then right now you know
pretty much what's going on in Sudan
currently is that there's a conflict
amongst of what because if the oil is
and you know who owns that the Chinese
so um but I think even though this is a
piece of fiction
it definitely follows kind of a
historical track and it's it's fiction
based off of reality but it's just a
really simple language what's so moving
like literally you will cry reading this
book because it's just so simple and how
it explains things like when it's
homeboy likes it's either the tree to go
die it's just like it just it's I've
never read something that so is simply
told that evokes so much emotion and
that's why I really really love this
book and and through all of it and one
of the recommendations is from Kelly who
Sadie who I'm gonna recommend next
actually um but what makes me love this
book so much is that it reminds you to
always be great for what you had because
home bully like goes through the effing
wringer like he cannot catch a single
break in life like not like no shoes
walks like 1,300 miles goes Ethiopia
back to Kenya the like this like and
like people just keep getting killed in
his life he gets to America and lanta
and it you know he doesn't get treated
any better it just keeps getting worse
and worse from it and to outlets all
this man still holds on to his faith and
a higher being I'm telling you like like
the fact that he could still walk I list
and believe in God and believe in a
better tomorrow and believe and still
have hope in life just means that you
know whenever I try it like after I buy
this book I never would use a term FML
the my life term I just think it's
so inconsiderate to people that are
going through way worse is still wake up
every morning with a piece of hope and
that's something that I you know when I
cry
you pray that you know God will give
people the hope to make it through
another day because hope is a powerful
powerful powerful thing
um but speaking of what is the what I
also like The Kite Runner by Khalid
Hussein II which is off turns the movie
the movie sucked because as much of
American propaganda this book is based
in Afghanistan and it kind of really
speaks to also the cultural and
historical heritage of Afghanistan and
it does it you know I think a lot of us
kind of feed into like the turban
Taliban mystique of what we think
Afghanistan isn't really I guess I'm on
the caucus mountains a lot of that
getting's look like white people I
actually had a home girl for shut up in
high school with the same birthday and
shoes McGinnis tan and her entire family
was like blonde hair bright green eyes
and they're Afghani
and that's how a lot of Afghanistan's
look and I really appreciate it because
the villain in this book was like
blond-haired blue-eyed look like a white
man you know for all his purposes don't
we call white people Caucasian caucus
mountains put it together
um villain and in the movie they change
I can look like an Arab but not just
like yeah I'm not here for any of this
because you just killed a major motif
imply in the book but it deals with kind
of human sin it's sin and forgiveness in
that the main character witnesses
something captive a friends and they
don't do anything about it and they
don't help their friend out and their
front ends up you know kind of going
down the trail what we think of the
image we see when we think of
Afghanistan and you know being like you
know the pushed in now in the woods or
the farmland somewhere and just kind of
struggling through life and he doesn't
dealing with having the opportunity to
rescue his friend but he did it and I
did not because he was evil not because
it was bad but we've all kind of gone
through these points in life we've had
the opportunity to do better and we
didn't necessarily do better and so this
is kind of like the redemption story and
him writing his wrongs in a very
humanistic and local way it's not some
like evil Witch of the West like
highbrow this is the bad guy and this is
the good guy no it's just dealing with
kind of what the things we do as humans
the implications that those have and
having to you know pedal back and take
care of that as adults and around the
Beltway
I just got explaining books but yet
that's that um so this is another one
this is actually I'm gonna do two and
one because I read them both did I not
pull it
she'll Gloria Naylor
I read her in high school part of my AP
English class I had to pick two of her
books these are two books that I picked
she wrote woman in Brewster place which
over 1/4 turned into a movie it's also a
great book for that standard writing I
think you should also go back and read I
would suggest if you read any of her
other books linden hills definitely kind
of deals with the talented tenth
mentality of bougie negroes and the fact
that there was the need need Navid
family and they were like the crown
jewels of like the black community and
they were morticians and they owed a
funeral home and they lived at like the
bottom of the hill and everybody was
striving to get to them because that's
they were kind of like the what
everybody strived to but you know
honestly their family wasn't like you
kind of look inside the family and
realize that you know behind the glass
it ain't all that it seems to be and
just the mentality of people who all
want to keep up with the Joneses and
live for something that really doesn't
have much content so wouldn't oh I don't
like hoochie black people read linden
hills
Bailey's cafe it's like more like a
misfit kind of home look we're all these
colored characters come in and it tells
each one of their stories in each
chapter and so I didn't remember the
character's name but like I read this in
high school that's like all highlighted
because I had to write a report on it
but there was one character in
particular that really touched me and I
forget his name but he was went to like
the HBCU in like the early 40s 50s and
he started off as an English major but
because that was such a subjective
subject and there was you know his to
just was always great him low because he
was black and
and they're switching to Mac because it
was an objective and there was a right
and a wrong in math and I think that's
part of the reason why in the
african-american community
until recently we were so stuck on the
science and math subjects and I'm not
even and I'm saying the more traditional
in like becoming an engineer becoming a
doctor or a lawyer or a mathematician
you know when I started college and I
was like oh I'm a technical theater
major I people looking at me like you're
what huh I got a lot of shade within the
black community and I think we tend to
go for things that we know are succinct
and that someone cannot tell you that
you're wrong when there is a right and a
wrong answer face off your skin
complexion so we oughta two plus two is
four somebody can't tell you that you're
wrong because you're black and I think
that's why why why Billy's cafe so much
who's like that's a hot moment for me
putting down here I love me some Miriam
Makeba and I this is the book her
autobiography this her autobiography or
her biography it is her autobiography
she helped write it with James Hall and
I just think her story is so interesting
she does like her life in here where she
met Jomo Kenyatta head I'm the president
of Kenya former president of Kenya and
it's kind of like how she you know came
about in this era of apartheid and I
think you know rest in peace to Nelson
Mandela but her story kind of bring
light brings even more light to that
entire situation and her fight the music
and culture of kind of being removed
from her home country and you know being
this iconic woman in another land but
not being able to go back to her home
and she does go through a lot of
struggle and strife and I think it's
it's just a great read and I just I have
no other words for it and you know she
married Stokely Carmichael which kind of
also had a negative impact on her career
but she stood firm in what she believed
in and she really pressing it forward
and I just think it's a great story and
I love packed up at the time for young
girls it's definitely inspiring to read
about women that came before us and just
as we should read Espada
that's another one you should read I
think Makeba is a probably an overlooked
one
and her music and her sound this is kind
of how she moved our culture I think
it's definitely inspiring so so I was a
theater major in college so this is why
this one makes the list because I use
this book I use one of the monologue to
audition for college but this is the
color museum it's one of my favorite
plays I did have a Muny to see it on
Broadway it is amazing it is by George
Seawolf I believe that Tony Kushner
helped produce the Broadway play of it
yes I used to be a theater geek um and
just kind of so there are what I believe
when I took theater history at Howard
University the Fine Arts Building
I forget the professor's name which was
a delta and she's just hard she's just
so hard but I do remember that we
learned there were sentiments in the
Negro theater and this book is about the
motifs that keep recurring in Negro
theater and playing upon the stereotypes
motifs of african-americans in the
theater in media at the time the Negro
on the couch to the tragic mulatto the
mammy character the the dissident
soldier they're all kind of played upon
and you know you
they bring a light kind of where these
stairs have to shaped from and kind of
the irony in them and what what the
truth is that they're really
underscoring and that's why I love this
play so much as you ever intervening
plays check out the color museum and of
course you know for color girls who've
considered suicide when the rainbow is
enuf and a Tyler Perry version you
should have already read that you know I
just turn these go out saying um so my
last book that I'm going to recommend on
this list is the Prince by Machiavelli
so I'm gonna recommend this I'm
recommending this book and I ended up
reading it because I know everyone has
read or heard of the 50 laws of power or
the 48 laws of power and I used to own
that book and I don't know what happened
to my copy of it somebody probably took
it but the 48 laws of power everybody
may mama done claim to have read Negroes
especially you know everybody's chasing
at the dollar sign and his lifestyle of
popping bottles in the club and Valencia
filters is like oh yeah everybody loved
the power that book is thick and I read
it
it's not an easy read and so I know
people just be going through read the
chapter titles like yeah get money and
that's not what the book is about and if
you actually go in in the book on the
sidelines it brings you it shows you the
notes to where he kind of is drawing his
basis off of the 40 a loss of power for
and a lot of it is based off of a sock
fables shuns use the art of war and the
Prince by Machiavelli I've read a Tsar
fables
I read you the art of war and so after I
refer to the power I went and picked up
the prince um and it goes over the
principalities of wanting power and
ruling of people and kind of whatever
parts I think it's just a good read for
understanding how to navigate life it's
what she has a black woman if you're
trying to pursue a career and work
yourself up the career ladder I think
it's just you know if you ever have an
idea of whether you want to be an
entrepreneur or run your own business I
think the prince brings light a lot of
things that we tend to overlook in that
you know a true ruler never really
strives to have complete power and that
you know people that are really good at
having power understand that they have
to present themselves in a certain
lifestyle start in a way and that they
still care for the people underneath
them and people that they are ruling
over and they how they go about treating
the Dominion and so I think the prince
is just it's a great read and it just
gives you a lot of tips of life and
things to take from and for all you
Illuminati haters you know I think you
know Makkah Valley is a good start for
those who are looking for a more insight
on what the Illuminati really was
because it's not what we are really
clearing that common gate and jay-z
you're part of that any girl that in it
but the prince is definitely a good read
and just understanding how to use your
power in the right light and
understanding the principalities of
having even just control or power over
your own life so that is that alright so
I said before that my favorite book was
um the gospel was the temple of my
familiar by Alice Walker it is really
one
favorite books because in a chapter in
the book called the Gospel according to
sug Avery
this is Alice Walker sequel to the color
purple and it pretty much rewrites the
history of mankind through the
viewpoints of the black female in that
she is the creator of mankind in the
world so I realized that I didn't have a
confidence book so I ordered over an
Amazon but apparently I ordered it twice
I read the hardcover and the paper bag
so now I have two copies of this book so
why not just do a giveaway and give away
I'm gonna give away the paperback
version of this book so you can have it
to read as whoa
so what I want you to do below is tell
me what your favorite book is and why
and let me know if you've read any of
these books and if you haven't what book
are you most likely to pick up and read
and I will select one winner and this
kind of will call seven days from me
posting it one week and I will mail this
out to you okay keep it simple keep it
sweet
thanks for watching I hope this satiates
all you guys's demands for book reading
less my short list of books and I'm sure
this video is long and I'm just shitty
it we tell like book stories but thanks
for watching do you think
