hey guys is Julie and I am finally
getting around to recording my very
first as Zhu Zi hua answer your
questions but I really got a nosy though
the so fYI this series isn't
particularly for hair questions I will
take note of your hair questions and if
I feel the need I will address them in
hair videos and a lot of questions about
relationships in my dating life no I'm
not a hermit yes I do date I am grown
hello um but let's just get into some
questions and let's have a good Oh times
I got a ton of questions also about
being a delta and I know it's going to
rush season so maybe maybe maybe maybe
I'll do a video about being part of a
black Greek little organization maybe
but you'll be told I'm Kat you know I
put some roll stakes on sides a piece
paper I don't know sisterhood it will
chop my foot
Brianna B loves you yes why are you so
dope girl sometimes I ask myself the
same question why did God give me this
life why am I so dope really you would
have to ask my mother my father was
birth with a lawyer my mother and my
father raised me so you know ask them
but you know I strive for dope nests on
a daily basis since I appreciate you for
recognizing that Thank You girl I love
you too go muck cess girl why would you
pick that screen name says what advice
would you give to an older virgin 20
years 21 years over in a dating world I
would 24 year old virgin and with men oh
I cut the question off oh no I think she
said like with men they seem to be
scared or whatever so this question
forgot to me because girls 21 you're
over
two men will see you however you see
yourself so if you're insecure about it
then they're gonna have an issue with it
but if you're okay with it and you're
found grounded in it and you don't feel
insecure about it then people it's not
gonna be a problem um and I think maybe
you should search for men that have the
same train of thought of you is you know
I know out here in Maryland there's like
the work the weight group um that is you
know people that are saving themselves
for marriage so if there's a church
group or just an organization I don't
know if it's a religious thing it just
kind of happened for you happenstance
but don't wait on your sleeve girl it is
not the end of the world and you know in
some cultures they pay you in gold for
that so hold tight boo-boo outside
Olivia Williams hey mousse she says so
21 year old I finally coming out of my
shyness and starting but you're out I'm
going to an event tomorrow
sorry ground about two weeks late answer
you but finally good it's the way my
question is have you ever gone to an
event by yourself where you know no one
if so how did you break the ice people
and just start your conversation any
tips for me um so I went to New York um
my sophomore year of college we just
never went back to classes at Howard New
York and I literally knew no one in New
York
I just haven't moved here and I know I
got a ton of questions about living in
New York versus DC I would do another
video separate on that um but maybe you
haven't noticed but I have a pretty loud
extroverted personality like even my
silence is loud and so I walk into a
room and I really don't have that much
of a problem like meeting people or
talking to people like I just go up and
talk to people I say hello or if I don't
know anybody else say I don't know
anyone I mean I only time I really have
an issue is going into a room full of
black women that's uncomfortable and I
didn't realize how uncomfortable I
wasn't that setting so I join a sorority
and I had to go find a lovely chapter
because every time I go to a new alumni
chapter meeting and I have to walk into
a room full of dances I just be like oh
my gosh I'm just so not prepared for
this I'm so pretty since that we as
women tenders
women of color ease in to interact with
each other and that you want to be able
to immediately read someone as soon as
you meet them and I'm not really
readable and I'm cuckoo for cocoa puffs
and I think a little bit of me comes off
like that so I know it's killer but I'm
gay I've gotten over it I'm getting over
it so I think I mean and just goes up
the confidence and owning it and I'm
gonna give you going through the vent
you don't know anybody then like you
don't know anybody and that should be
the topic of conversation oh my gosh I'm
new here I don't know anyway hello how
are you doing it's not that hard I went
to a house party last week and I made it
a point to go up to every woman not
every but to go up to the women and say
hello because I think so often it's so
easy for us to go talk to men and I
don't think it's anything particularly
sexual per se but it's just men is
operating a different wavelength and
maybe you know if you cute you know
you're cute and so you can kind of
finagle it and dudes do like anything
like a stick never my girl never mind
but like yeah but I made a point to go
talk to the whip and because I think so
often we will go and need to stick with
women we know and only talk to the man
and you'll be surprised how many
remember like oh my gosh like I really
appreciate you saying hello to me like
it doesn't take anything more than a
hello how are you doing it and a smile
and be nice and if you smart and
cultured you know just have a
conversation hey dad typical girl okay
okay all right
imani John said left me a really really
really really really really really
really long conversation and a tldr if
you ever see TL DR it's too long didn't
read is that basically she broke up with
her boyfriend because oh they're having
a break just not even a break up because
he said God wants us to do this and he
hates feeling like he can't give me the
attention I deserve he is the way at
college she says she understands bows
they have a mutual understanding @w
gather in the future she guesses and her
other ex has come back into her life but
her most recent ex always was jealous
about him thinking that day her and her
other ex has something going on you
can't get booze among these views but
she doesn't have crazy feelings with a
long time ago ex she feels like she only
thought of him I feel like I only like
the thought of him I don't see him in my
life forever so my questions are do you
think this is considered cheating is it
okay for me and my recent ex the put
limits on what we're allowed to do
during this break time should I end it
with both of them what the heck should I
do
lol I'm so confused so I'm going to
assume that you are still in high school
if he's away at college and you're not
also away at college so you're rather
young my big advice is there's more fish
in the sea girl don't even get your head
in a Twizy over some Negroes that ain't
got the H together like womp womp
I mean I don't either get together or
you're not together there is no such
thing as like a break that's called your
broken up that means he's not your
boyfriend and so he can't leave the
restrictions on what you do with your
time like essentially you don't owe him
anything
um and as far as the on the ex like
people that your exes for a reason like
you break up for a reason and then you
move on with your life you should work
on just being better at being you oh
yeah what did I learn the dr. foe uh how
many of some ratchet of ideas and I just
don't know I can't do it it's just say
don't fuck your life up over some wack
Negroes like don't do it I don't I don't
even I think you just like attention and
you woulda touch it from someone and so
if your most recent ex who broke up with
you because God wants you to do it he
dies scripture where Jesus broke off the
olive branch then place it into your boo
Han and told him to break up with you my
knee I'm just fine if let me go and I
mean we could continue this conversation
because I that's the first part I don't
even get that but lay
get all this together barber like timing
is a very big deal and relationships on
some real live ish and you know I do
believe in the right time and allowing
things to take place at the right time
but you also are not sent by the fire
fighting for no Negro to come back into
your life and whisk you away like Dutch
thank you what you're doing is getting
your wish together being a bomb you that
you can be and the right person will
come around at the right time when you
are at your best that's when the person
who's best for you will manifest all
right that was some deep ish write it
down and take a note save it put in a
fortune cookie girl cuz I just put you
on alright alright alright so this I
don't know she wanted me to say her name
is she emailed it to me so I'm not gonna
say her name but she from New York in
August my boyfriend proposed to me and I
said yes but he would have to wait til I
finish college to have a ceremony as of
one month ago my fiance was diagnosed
with HIV he's only 22 I decide to stay
and support him I'm not the type of
person to kick people when they're down
it's just I I would when they're down
it's just I would talk about his HIV and
ask questions and he'll get offended
now that our future plans have slightly
changed have kids the natural way I'm
feeling a little unsure about where we
stand would you stay in the relationship
if I were you I'm so young 20 and just
need some advice
I love him and I want to make it work I
just don't know where to go from here I
didn't drink
pina colada time all right it's not
gotta be really careful about what I say
here because it's not a topic that I
think you should really make fun of per
se but I really really really really
really really really really really
really really really really does I
really I really really really really in
my heart of hearts hope that you're
trolling me and that you're just asking
that question because you want to see
what my reaction is and not because I
care realized because girlfriend and
that is your over life how many to go to
the nearest oh girl Planned Parenthood
OBGYN Women's Clinic whatever get you
your gonorrhea syphilis HIV HPV vatted
noses vaginitis yeast infection says i
mean i hope i hope that maybe this is
sliding because you're not sleeping
together like you guys are not sexually
active because I can't imagine under
what like I can't even like look with
I'll be real here there's only a few
ways you can get diagnosed with HIV so
unless he was unaware for the past 21
years of his life that he was carrying
the HIV virus and he has like some type
of Magic Johnson jeans without the funds
and that he could go that long without
knowing because he got it through birth
home we got that shit through swapping
some sort of bodily fluids bottom line
so unless he got a Yankee blood
transfusion and which that case he could
sue and get some bread or is he doing
crack are we using needles in 2013 we
will still shoot drugs with with needles
here is he to meth meth they do they do
is he doing drugs if he fucking somebody
out like girl I guess this ain't no love
strong enough no vero not for me not
today not ever
no nigga no I'm try to figure out how
you he not trying to tell you
he was diagnosed with h-i-v like if
there's some part of science that I
don't understand where we're contracting
HIV out here without bodily fluids being
swapped because I'm just mmm I'm just
confounded here like I just don't I'm
just trying to find out under what
reason did you not Lorena Bobbitt his
left testicle
because girl I just mm-hmm mmm nope
negative negative like if he loves you
enough he loves you enough to be honest
with you if it's worth something he
values you as a being as a person as
someone who is healthy currently and he
might impact them in a grossly negative
manner like yes we all know Magic
Johnson has found the cure to HIV we
know we know there are people out here
that are living and living in healthy
relationships who are HIV positive and I
get that and I get that people don't
always get it because of some of what
their actions they might have had a
latent virus laying around that they got
from their parents but I feel like he
owes it to you to tell it and I think
the oldest case I've ever heard of
somebody getting diagnosed with HIV who
contracted it through their mother's
birth canal was like 12 so yo homeboy
betta not by a good 10 years and if you
don't wanna come up off that thing
girl you better hit that floor and hit
the road Jack and don't come back no
more no more no more no more there are
more efficient to see I don't know why
do young guys out here thinking that the
Negro you currently with is the last one
in the ocean because my mama told me you
ain't really go enjoy sorry 25 anyway so
we go just a little you and you bustin
that and not even have no foreplay girl
it's not cute that was fees my mother
gave me and her to tell me not to have
sex before marriage and I listened I did
I listened to her until I was like in my
early 20s it worked very well someone
just leave
that out there for y'all to partaketh
and maybe you could do with it what you
want but like do you realize that like
you attract what you put out and so you
must not love yourselves because girls
look I'll be scared to catch a yeast
infection
fucking HIV well it ain't no right way
to know about and I think really the
issue is a lot of y'all needs to
evaluate yourself worth like there's
some real pretty good even sit around I
don't if hopefully came back and told me
he contracted a freakin yeast infection
and yes making the east infections too
and you don't want to tell me where he
got his dad gone you said that shit from
oh I ain't fucking with it not me not
today not tomorrow and not ever not
yesteryear
uh-uh a yeast infection I would cut an
ear off if he didn't want to come up off
that info he was I ain't none of your
business ain't none of my business
you're just walking around with cottage
cheese in your penis you don't wanna
tell me why Pharrell we don't do that
hmm there are six billion people billion
people in the world is somebody somebody
out there that would love you girl and
the problem is you need to love yourself
first because that is dating love you
don't love you mmm-hmm sweetheart a damn
good girl put pineapple or something
called a some crazy go your stuff in it
mad girl
mad girl you ain't even old enough to
have a cocktail you want to stay for the
rest of your life with a Negro with HIV
you know I'll tell you why
what planet are you in on and I'm saying
orders what love like also sincere love
it I think it's very noble that you love
a person that regardless of how sick
they are you want to stay with them but
it's got to be something like I really
just hope that was for me action and
that's not your true life because I
think I think that all honesty in all
sincerity you need to love yourself
first and that's situation you need to
walk away from like you know I would I
would like to be like laugh at the
keep it light keep it funny and you know
be all witty and shit about it but I
think in my heart of hearts that they're
just like all always Negro issues with
significant other into you out there to
which a girlfriend
that's head-over-heels in la-la land all
over some dumb chick like dominating
work like which I'll stop love like her
Oh
like I wouldn't even bother personally
speaking I don't think there's any rush
to be in a committed relationship with
somebody who doesn't love and respects
you enough to sit down and have a
conversation and I know you've said that
you didn't wanna you don't believe it
kicking somebody why they down which is
why you don't want to leave him but I
don't believe in kicking down your
immune system either but no Negro who
can't tell you where he caught the most
serious of serious diseases from my true
friend and asked more questions you can
ask the questions down below in the
comment section via Twitter or if you
have a super super super personal
question and you don't necessarily want
to put your personal your persona or
your name attached to it you can email
me at ask at Jule's EECOM this is my
show on any platform that your contact
mia that you hashtag ask Jules zebra now
you might inspire me to do another video
topic okay okay
cheers Mickey some Pina Colada girls the
best way to go to sleep is 2:30 on a
Sunday luebero tomorrow I work is going
to be an interesting day yeah
