hey guys is Josie and we're just gonna
do another one of mine let's talk videos
I think I might actually just make this
into another series I'm all about my
playlist if you haven't checked out my
playlist you should I like putting my
videos in the plateless because they're
easier for you guys to find what you
need to find so I will put a link down
below to the playlist that I currently
have
cuz I've been constructing playlists
with you guys in mind um so yeah I kind
of want to change that this is not
necessarily a humorous video um yeah but
it's just been something that's like I
guess heavy on my heart just FYI I am
NOT an emotional talk or like I can I
have a really hard time communicating my
emotions verbally which is why I tend to
put a lot of things in writing if any of
you who have happen to read any of my
personal blog entries on Jools e.com you
kind of get you get the head in that you
know I'm very expressive in writing but
I have a hard time just saying things
that are emotional verbally like I get
tongue-tied anyhow so um what are the
things with getting older and growing up
that has kind of struck me and really
like hit me I guess hard you could say I
don't know but has really stuff stuck
out to me is watching my parents get
older I just don't know that it's like
really weird to me that all of a sudden
it's explicitly with regards to my
father in watching him
gosh I'm really it what's really be
bothering me if I'm getting this upset
so crying oh no it's not good to cry on
camera I grew up in a job in his
household and my first memory of like
going to the hall when I was like three
or four maybe four or five was that they
were studying the Book of Revelations of
time so witnesses have this bright red
book that is all about the Book of
Revelations I personally don't feel like
studying the revelations is appropriate
for anybody like under the age of 13
like I feel like you know discussing
revelations and especially within the
theology of certain structures of
Christianity really needs to wait until
like people are of age and can really
kind of grasp on to what it's talking
about because I just have always had
this and I don't think it's that odd but
I've always had this like real big fear
of like my parents just passing away
suddenly like like no preparation like
nothing and it's odd because everybody
might like for the most part people in
my family live pretty long my great
grandmother passed away at 98 both of my
mother's parents were in their eighties
and they like both it's like you knew it
was happening because they both were
like older and getting sake like nobody
in my family you know inshaallah has
passed away because of you know out of
the blue like suddenly getting sick out
of nowhere like it's everyone's been
kind of old and you just saw it
happening and they kind of decided they
kind of you know gave up i guess i don't
know if that's the right terminology to
use my fear is but like when i was a
child like i used to have to give like i
literally had to give my parents a hug
and a kiss every night like it was no
joke and that's a good night cuz i just
never want it for them to go without
like you know love you like it was just
really what's really weird for me um and
i think my father has always come taken
as a joke i remember when i was like
third grade he came home from work with
the urn with a like a black
Boz
and he was like yeah when I die cremate
me and put me on this and I like broke
down I had like a complete fit like I
don't like I didn't find it he thought
it was hilarious they're like I cried
but I think if you take my love is
humour okay sorry well you need to get
it together like that is not funny and
so now as an adult what has been most
weird is that watching my especially my
father watching my parents get older and
what bothers me the most regards to my
dad is I think you know Jehovah's
Witnesses believe in a resurrection I
think other you know forms of
Christianity believe this - this is not
a religious discussion so we not only
know bible scriptures and tell me how i
need to live a think and I'm not I'm not
knocking how anybody believes but they
believe in a resurrection and they
believe in like a new world no time is
like a new system of things and that
where those who have lived their life
according to God will come back and be
and living a perfect well so it's not
uncommon within the drugs when it's
religion to hear people speak of oh I'm
waiting they're holding off on having
kids until the new system well they're
hold off on doing things because I don't
want to do it in this life and in this
world and then this system of like you
know just the end of the days and I
don't you know I'm not gonna speak as to
whether I believe that or not but I do
kind of I just dislike I don't believe
in allowing religion to make you lazy I
get that religion gives people a ton of
hope and I think hope is a powerful and
could be a very beautiful thing but the
idea that I'm not going to do something
because I you know whatever either I'm
not gonna do something because God is
gonna see me through while I'm not gonna
do something because I'm gonna come back
in the next system for me it's when she
with my father I feel like it's kind of
a selfish train of thought in that you
have people that are concerned and care
about you and love you and it just it's
very lazy in a sense to say that I'm not
going to do something because either you
know I'm giving my life to God or you
know the next system is all gonna be
okay and I'm like but excuse me I
love you here and right now and I need
you to get it together because I cannot
emotionally deal with watching you do
this to yourself like it has been I
don't know how to communicate it to him
I have tried to talked about him
actually or the article on Father's Day
what's it a year ago formatting to our
comms it was it almost Sunday so I don't
know if anybody read ready about post
the link down below about the same topic
um but what's happened with my parents
is that like all of a sudden you know I
lived in New York for eight years and I
you know I you know New York you have to
be selfish there's no way to survive in
New York City without being selfish like
you have it is a center city that breeds
self-centeredness because in order to be
able to get ahead and being reckless and
make decisions you really can't be
thinking about anybody else and you know
I've had a cottage with my friends and
that I think inherently for minorities
especially that we don't always have the
luxury of being selfish in our youth
because we tend to be a lot more
concerned with taking care and being
able to turn around and bring up our
family because a lot of us might be
first generation to go to college or
first generations even graduate high
school first generations to do things we
don't have that kind of foundation where
you know you come of age and your
parents are giving you money to do
whatever it's like no art we are
building the Family Foundation and
hoping to you know be able to turn
around and give our parents a better
life in theory and so we might we tend
to make a lot more decisions based on
aspects of our family and you know I'm
single ain't got no kids doing all right
for myself but I think maybe I kind of
made some decisions in my early twenties
I moved to New York thinking that I was
going to be very successful at a young
age because I worked in the music
industry and at the time Atlantic
Records explicitly was hiring a lot of
young people to become executives like I
think sycamore was like 24 when he
became like BP A&R and you know I was
doing my thing you know I keep saying
i'ma get around like this draw my life
or 50 random facts about me video but
you know I was kind of in the mix with
all these young people that were young
execs and I thought that was gonna be my
path and so and maybe this is not it's
maybe it's becoming it's it's evolved in
anxiety for me now because I didn't
particularly
think or deal about it when I launched
an artist in 2009 and he actually got
signed and it was pretty successful but
it was like a smack in the face because
things just kind of fizzled out between
me and him and his manager right before
he got signed and this was like I had
put I don't thought I put all my eggs in
the basket but I felt like that was my
defining moment and that people would
finally understand what I was doing when
I was about why I'm in New York and why
I was pursuing work in the music
industry and all these things like I
knew it's gonna be successful and I knew
that I was I was doing a damn thing like
I literally pulled this kid out of
Atlanta and got him on the cover of the
art section of the New York Times like I
felt like I was you know I was doing the
damn thing I had in turn I had you know
work like Keri Hilson's first time I'd
done all this stuff and not got a lot of
recognition and I felt like this was
finally my moment of recognition and so
in that fizzled out and then I just kind
of was like you know what I don't think
working in the music industry and this
you know kind of in this Lane is really
going to be my thing what's kind of
happened then is that you know now as I
kind of you know redirect myself and
decide you know where I want to go I
really want to live free and prosper I
want to look like a white person quite
honest with ya glai why people are
allowed to you know switch careers at
like 40 and nobody looking at them like
they crazy because they just do what
they want when they want and I want that
flexibility like there's a lot of things
I want to do and I don't feel like I
should have to just pick one and do that
for the rest of my life but in the same
turn to watch somebody like my father
who I think was genuinely heartbroken
when my parents got divorced and then he
dated another woman after that and when
that didn't work out I think he lost a
lot of his hope and I've seen him age
rapidly within two to three years and it
is scary it is like the scariest thing
ever to me I just don't know how to deal
with it and so I just don't and me and
my father have had kind of a terse
relationship about it because I'm very
direct my father Pisces you know you
don't believe in astrology but my
dad is one you know Pisces in it you
know the men people in general tend to
be a little paranoid and they're very
sensitive about certain things that I'm
very direct like I'm very like look this
is what it is like y'all house is the
mass you need to clean it up what we got
to clean it up and my father's are
really taking
that type of language and also I think
in his mind I remind him a lot of my
mother both my parents I don't know but
in his mind he has convoluted into this
like I'm Tricia jr. type thing and so
we've got into some pretty bad arguments
over it like knock-down drag-out tables
getting broken like it's got it's gotten
bad because my father always uses
religion as his excuse you can't argue
with God like when somebody says to you
you know God I could do anything I had a
homeboy tell me that he was no longer
gonna be gay because he turned is like
the guy and got a whole nother
conversation but I couldn't I had the
watch what I was saying to him because I
I mean I believe in the power of God to
I just also I believe in you know you're
a human being and you have to it takes a
certain amount of you in that process
it's like you can't just be like oh god
gonna do it for me like no you have to
be a part of that too you know and my
father you know you could be talking him
about anything I could be talking him
about retiring and he's just like well
you know God as soon as he says that is
pretty much that's what his way of
saying the conversation is over
like we are done talking about it but it
just is very very very frightening I
like literally I think I haven't seen my
dad maybe like six to eight months and
2000 came to New York to see me and I
was just looking at and I remember
seeing him and like I just like had to
have a moment like I broke out in tears
like I'd like walk away cuz he just
looked old and make my father you know
black don't crack
and my dad was aging nicely up until
about 2009 when him and his woman broke
up and all you could just see it in him
like he like all of a sudden he had
wrinkles II a lot more gray hair it just
like my father looked his age my dad is
61 now and he still works full-time he
doesn't make a lot of money and
likelihood of him him retiring and he -
anytime soon is nil tonight and I feel
some guilt as I'm not the oldest I have
an older brother who's just weird so
we're just gonna discount him but
technically I am the oldest and I feel
like I have some responsibility I felt
some sort of not I don't feel like I
inherently have some responsibility but
I do feel a little guilty
see my own like kind of you know all
ubiquitous dreams and not being able to
be successful to the level where I can
provide for my father
my mom's gonna call me and be like do
you care about me no I love my mother
but I think my mother is okay like I
think my mother's a lot more self-aware
and has been able to get it together and
realize when she's not taking care of
herself I realize when she's going
through something and she needs to take
a moment and really get herself together
and I don't think my father has that
same kind of stuff awareness in that
like my die has become you know I don't
wanna put my family's business on the
street but my dad's kind of a hoarder
and you know I've seen his house
completely transformed and I just every
time I go to his house I'm just like
nobody can live like this and tell me
that they're happy I think the biggest
sign of your state of mind is your
bedroom how your bed looks when you lay
your head at to sleep and relax is um
probably it's like the biggest sign of
like your mental state and I don't
remember where I heard this out but I
was like you know it's so true baby was
with Mariah Carey did cribs and she
wouldn't let nobody see her bedroom
because she's like it's my private space
girl this is not going in my room um but
I do think your room is definitely where
you lay your head to sleep it's a big
reflection of your state of life and so
I don't know when I'm going through it
when I walk into my room and things are
just everywhere and I'm not the most
organized person ever but I think I
think you know some of you suppose
making my bed and coming into like a
clean room is an adult you know
signifies kind of my mental space
because this is where you escape but
it's where you you you should when you
walk into your bedroom you should be
letting a lot of things from the day go
when you lay your head got asleep you
should not be carrying a lot of that
with you um and so when I walk into my
father's house and I can't even walk
into his bedroom and there ain't no
sheets on the bed and I'm looking at
like dude like this is you you cannot
convince me in anybody's world that this
you happy he he was never in that purse
that was just sloppy or you know he I
think he lived through a lot and it just
got to the point where he's older and
for him he doesn't particularly see a
lot of points in trying to pursue or
succeed in different avenues when in his
mind he's failed at so many other things
maybe but my father is very resistant
religiously and culturally to mental
health care and I think it's a very
unfortunate situation stands you know a
lot of and it's also very common
especially the black community of older
people who are just like going to the
therapist like one is some that rich
white people do and that you just lay on
the couch and talking about your your
problems and you know when you really
should just have the willpower to get
over it and I don't think that's fair to
how powerful the mind is I think how
powerful and complex the mind is and
also that in religion I think until
recently Joe was witnesses really
weren't here for secular a lot of
secular avenues whether it was further
education secondary education of like
going to college and stuff or even going
to the therapist and you know dealing
with that I think as time has progressed
and we have seen where society at large
has gone you know my diamond in the
kingdom all in a minute but I from what
I've heard that kind of dogma has
changed and they progressed with the
times and acknowledged that you know at
some point some people do need to seek
help but you know I think my father you
know he's been away this is he was 13
and you know just like witnesses aren't
the only religion that preaches you know
you can go to certain avenues of you
know Protestants Baptist Catholic and go
it depends on you know it's a very
individual life experience based on the
region that you're in and so I feel like
you know for a lot of old-school
conservative Christians to go and look
at a therapist or even think about
talking about these types of problems
you know with you know they just think
if they pray about it that's it but my
concern is you not either I don't know
if you pray about it though because you
know cleanliness is next to godliness
and I made the mistake of saying this to
my father and when way you went to the
laughs girl went that way oh but
you know I think are you even
acknowledging that it's a problem to be
dead with you know sometimes I think we
inherently sleep a lot under the rug
clearly I've slept this I've swept this
whole you know anxiety over my parents
getting older under the rug but it's
just I never put this in my future
memory that I was gonna have to watch my
parents age in the fast in which my
father is aged I knew they were going to
get older and I knew you know where life
leads I just didn't think that it was
gonna literally it was like overnight
that all of a sudden I you know I see my
father and he's just like rapidly aging
it's just so scary to me that you know
now four years later like I literally I
pray about it every night it just makes
me very nervous
you know how random we touched my father
I try to like passively like you know
hey dad I love you just let you know
take care yeah Sal you know I'll call
him and he'll kind of yeah he always
brushes me off but it's just it's a
legitimate concern of mine and so I
don't have to share this with you
because I know I'm not the only person
going through it and so you know maybe
if I articulate it somebody might have
an easier time and give it a process to
process it themselves
and maybe have a discussion with their
parents about it and also I know a lot
of you out there are mothers and so when
you have kids I just hope that you know
you take into consideration that you
know as much as you love your kids now
they still want they want to love you
later too and so do what you need to do
to take care of yourself right now the
biggest concern of my dad that he's
still working full-time and he has a
labor intensive job at 62 and I can't
really do anything financially for him
to help him you know whatever I'm not at
that point and it's weird because I'm
still that point where I'm trying to
decide which direction I want to go in
like whether I want to go get my MBA or
whether I want to do other things and
I'm looking at you know it's gonna be
three four years before I think I'm
gonna be at a financial point to even
consider taking care of anybody outside
of myself and I don't know if I have
that much time and it's really scary to
think that you know the only reason why
I want to get married coz I want my
father to walk me down the aisle and
like it's just very very very very scary
to think that those moments might not
happen for me and that maybe I need to
make more decisions or maybe I need to
you know do things a little bit faster
in order to you know try and control the
situation
but under the same token I have to
acknowledge that I cannot control
everything and there's certain things
that I just have to let go and let God
but no one looks young and snazzy I'll
do a whole nother video about her we
talked about her later I love my mom's I
talk to her every day I don't talk to my
dad as often but with my mom every day
so like that thanks for watching guys to
see this
