just joking and I'm gonna be doing my
first ever tag video yes I got a new mic
and so I think I sound like phenomenal
in my videos now as I was gonna be doing
a lot more talking sorry for all you
guys that you know my accent swings you
don't enjoy my list and think I talk too
fast you know there's a X Bob your
screams write an x1 out of this before
all my lover's you know let's have some
parlay time because I enjoy talking to
myself and I think tag videos are the
perfect way to talk to myself and not
seem like entirely crazy what do you say
so for my first sub tag what do you
think I'm doing the mixed girl tag like
Julie are you mixed well girl we're just
gonna find out won't we
question number one what are you mixed
with mixed with Phil slave and house
negro in a - I got Indian in my family
what ethnicity have you often been
mistaken for um I'm often mistaken for
light-skinned and until somebody's like
oh my gosh you're yellow or a my gosh
you're so light like in my eyes I'm
brown skin because my mother used to
call me her brown baby and so I just
have never equated to being
light-skinned so they gave most for
light-skinned which I am NOT is your
hair curly Oh straight my head well F I
would call it King daily textured is the
optically correct term some of you would
like to call it nappy others will
quantify it as four see summer-like no
gracia curl in there something besides
curly was coming from different
backgrounds challenging growing I you
know when I was a freshman in college at
George Washington University and
Washington DC
I'm in my second door because I don't
move on my first uh because of racism
but in my second dorm room there was a
girl who was not Jewish from Long Island
and I rush to non-jewish part because
people from Long Island if they're not
like wealthy Jewish they have serious
complexes like serious complexes so she
was like upper-middle Italian from Long
Island and she had some complexes but
she one day when I was walking into my
dorm
Lawrence toss me and said
I understand why you're a part of BSU as
in Black Student Union clearly you have
Native American in you why don't you go
start the Native American Student Union
that pause that I took I didn't know
whether to be elated that a white person
was like yet are you got some Indian in
you or whether to like be completely
offended that this child was questioning
why why the Black Student Union in the
new millennium girl I was confused
background do you embrace the most um I
embrace just being me in all my
fabulousness I don't think I'm defined
by like race per se actually that's a
lot because I talk about race a lot in
real life but you know I just embraced
all of it it's my caramel complexion by
five with brown eyes I see on five seven
but I raised all of that have you ever
been teased for being different girl
have you not seen my own beauty video
like yes I was teased until I wise up
cut my own reality to all these
bitches and I started reading play local
Halo he just put me on to a whole new
world over Oh read that alchemist yeah
boo have you ever been ashamed a being
multiracial so I think you know when it
comes down to it the most part um I
think they really didn't understand
their choice of words and it should
really be have you ever been ashamed of
being multi-ethnic as an coming from
different ethnicities I think you know
when we refer to race and black or white
is such a quandary and really we're
really talking about being multi-ethnic
and more so being multi-ethnic in two
ethnicities that supposedly look
different make you look mix because I
but like I still feel like personally
we're all a mixing pot because we all
come from different ethnicities there's
really no one on this earth anymore that
is a pure ethnicity we all just kinda
like a cultural mosh pot so um have I
ever been ashamed of being multi-ethnic
um actually one time when I was working
at trace magazine in New York City
um I don't know if you guys are familiar
but they were pretty popular in like the
late 90s early 2000s and the owner of
the magazine was a is it's like a
french-speaking African called pan
Africans I was a pan-african he was a
francophone and I don't remember what
country he was from I think was like
West African from one of the
french-speaking countries girl I don't
want to laugh but Claude was very very
intrigued by what we would consider
multi-ethnic in the kind of the mixed
term that we see it today in that you
had to look exotic and I think he liked
typically he like people that like had
family from one place but grew up in
other places so like you're mixed with
like white and black but you grew up in
like Tanzania like that and I'm just you
know mixed with phil negro house light
with a - if I got Indian in my family
and grew up in Delaware and he was
profiling people young people in New
York City that were doing amazing things
and I feel like I've always been doing
amazing things I walk down the street
and I'm doing something amazing and I
had my homeboy who was writing from the
time I was probably working at trades I
ended up working there after but prior
to working there I had him submit me be
like hey yo doings like some dope ish
like I just like made Keri Hilson famous
you know I work in the movies because
she put people all and started like you
know holla at me and he basically emails
Sean bag and was like where's her
parents from him when he said Delaware
ooh
Claude was like no boo and so in that
one moment I felt ashamed because he
pegged me as just being plain on
african-american and apparently that
wasn't enough for him like being being
half house slave and half filled Negro
with a - I got Indian in my family being
raised in Delaware was not you know
interesting enough for him across of
what I was actually doing on this planet
so in that moment I did kind of feel a
shame for my just african-american is
that they would term it but then I went
to AB Bobby and I was on a Bose and the
Emirates is somewhere close to our rod I
was a bit scared drugs was 2008 and
people was like where you from and I was
like oh you know I'm just from New York
I live in Brooklyn oh they were like
you're not after King you're
african-american Oh
oh and I don't like I'm cool I'm
cool for this vegan makeup you know we
cool everywhere but here
do you feel that being mixed has his
benefits no because I'm not Sookie that
was chocolate shade and someone is gonna
reply to me with like some uber
political comment about that but you
know what I'm getting that girl cuz if I
you know what's funny somebody did
actually um tell me that they were
really proud that I was a light-skinned
girl that was I'm not like skinnier
confused but then I was a light-skinned
girl who I proudly reppin my naps
because I could have pulled the ultimate
swindle and just rocked a Carly wig and
hey everybody do it a - claps and snaps
for my hair and playing it like I was
silky because you know this is real
world and people like visually appealing
things and so big so the hair is
visually appealing and I think that
would be the only benefit but no that
didn't happen for me what makes being
multiracial a beautiful day okay again
is bad choice of like terms I think
being multi-ethnic being of multiple
ethnicities is a beautiful thing and
that would just include all of us we're
all beautiful because you all Harold
from different cultures and I think no
matter where you're from it's just
important to just be proud of being you
it's so freaking awesome and so I take
pride and where I come from even though
in third grade I used to tell people
that my family were not regular say some
West Africa that my family the slaves
out of my family um the slate my mom not
the slave side
my father sided family that because my
great-great-grandfather was a slave
catcher and this is true story this
wasn't this is I'm joke my dad's
father's father was a slave catcher but
he was not white and I had it made up in
my mind that the only way he was able to
go to that position as a man of color
was that he was like his family were
like merchants and they were kidnapped
into slavery in America which means that
if they were merchants they had to pass
through Italy and you know what part of
Africa Italy colonize is the eastern
part so my ass was Eastern African and
that specifically then we had like a
folk Swahili lesson at for Fright Night
us up inside
Kenyan girl was too much of a nerd and
so like somehow I convoluted this idea
that we came from like Ken specifically
we were Kenyan because I just wanted to
like be shiny Brown like the sin is to
like be shiny Brown is if I can't be
that I'm gonna have kids that are shiny
Brown slide eight dudes that are like oh
yeah girl but I am any advice to someone
who struggles with being with their
multiracial identity I personally do not
understand the Mariah Carey syndrome
maybe that's a bad choice of words that
I don't understand it because I get that
any people will quantify anything that
is not like them as being different and
tease you about and I think that is the
silliest thing and you allow people as I
said before in my other video which I
will tag right here you probably should
go that was a serious one it's uplifting
it watch that but like just in general
with being different you allow you
create your own reality and your own
reality you allow to matter to you what
matters to you and so people can only be
little you with things that you allow
them to be little you win because
belittling is essentially an emotion
like you have to feel something you have
to give them a reaction in order for
like teasing to be effective and so I
don't think I think what the best thing
for anybody to do is I understand you
are great and whatever skin complexion
texture of hair God gave you all praises
be to the one above and if you don't
necessarily believe that there's
somebody floating up above you Cuddy
beliefs different things your mama and
daddy does thank them for like making
you in general and you having the
opportunity to be blessed and be here
and that we all have the same 24 hours I
don't wholeheartedly believe in that
statement because we all have the same
resources but we all have 24 hours to
make the most out of life and though
everybody comes from different
socioeconomic backgrounds and you know
there's a lot to get over with mental
issues and psychological things and ways
of thinking and all that the internet is
one of the best things that have
happened in our life
so use that resource if you live in a
small town if you live somewhere people
don't get you and don't understand you
girl
reach out and touch someone via the
internet and find you some new friends
okay I think we are all great in all
different colors and shades in universe
and I'm gonna keep on rockin if you
enjoy this tag and me being ridiculous
hit that thumbs up button lady find me
on Instagram Twitter and thanks pop I
just hit 10k on IG o which I still don't
be engaging me yo somebody got like now
got hit that leg and we leave a comments
a shower at a girl
alright and I think because this mic is
so great and I might I'm doing like
podcast with who other things my camera
is about to die so we'll cover that in
another video
