hey guys it's Julie here and I'm going
to give you four tips for back school
that's right college bound gasps they
will be asking me for back-to-school
hairstyle looks back to school fashion
style look books I know what you
requested but before I get into all the
fashion stuff let's really get to the
core of what you need to know about
going back to school because we want you
to work smart not hard and there's much
more to life than fashion and cute
hairstyles girls so I'm going to give
you some real good tips for good tips
from the wino new jersey here one read
your syllabus yes yes it doesn't matter
if it's two pages or 20 pages read yo
syllabus for each class why because I
believe it working smart not hard and
your syllabus will give you the
breakdown what you need to do in order
to get an A what assignments you can
afford to miss what the attendance
policy is can you be late how are you
signing in what are they clocking you on
girl I always say my cell division I am
the worst student ever I don't believe
in going to class it is against my
religion but I read that syllabus and
figure out how to work my way around
whatever I need to work around hard to
get that day plus that's the best that
you know what you're in for for the
semester you know whether you need to
drop the class with quickness because
they requiring a 20-page paper every
other week whether you have the wrong
professor or not so this the first day
of class so you could be put on I'm
pulling all-nighters a week a homecoming
because you signed up for a philosophy
class that you were not prepared for all
right boo boo read your syllabus are
smarter not harder but - and this is
specifically for all my HBCU college
bound people girl like they was my
seventh HBCU and you know what this tip
is specifically for you do not catch
that refund check did you hear me do not
cash that refund check girl I know
you've been at the a building all week
long try to make sure your money was
right now - straighten your right stuff
for your classes but what you need to
know is do not catch that refund check
yeah how
wanna be for homecoming if you want to
get that six piece with fries today to
treat show stuff booboo you and you'll
get that refund check I need you to take
us in there right back to the bank of
the came from it's not free buddy
it comes with interest and as much as
Obama wants to talk about lonely and see
for student loans then it happen in no
time soon so unless you want something
way to own your sweet behind take the
check back let's be serious bachelor's
degrees are only going but so far today
and I think college is great for young
people to get life experiences and prove
that you're capable of working but you
aren't there with that cute
communications degree and you over there
in the art history department gar that's
so cute
you to especially do not need to be
catching nobody refund check take it
back there's plenty of cops I mean I
don't want to say you know some stories
about the hardships are trying to get a
job in this economy but honestly the
last thing you wanna do is incur more
debt than what's necessary you will
learn how to live with less money but if
you can avoid it really really really
really really return that refund check
girl you are not going to wanna have to
deal with the debt that's gonna come
from that check when you graduate school
and you're trying to get your life
together you're trying to have your
career and you're trying to do all these
things you want to live and you see that
little bit of check you're getting
coming in and it's going right at the
door back to something made Great Lakes
and then financial don't let them on yo
ass don't catch nobody refund check
violin tear and know this is not just
because you want to join a sorority and
you're going to the pre-service I was in
order to get picked girl I see y'all out
there trying to the last minute to hop
one to AmeriCorps just so you can get
some hours in don't play that no
seriously balling cheer the economy is
rough the jock situation is rough but
she has a woman of color we tend to have
a little bit more hardships to face as
far as finding appointment in the lanes
that we want to pursue it is
communications you know all those people
been cute degrees I think they're gonna
go work and the lifestyle branding and
trees yeah boo boo real cute but the
last thing I want you to do is get that
great old film degree and then go apply
for the production company that you want
to work for and find out that the girl
agree in chemistry that had blonde hair
and blue eyes got picked over you
leverage yourself volunteering that only
provides the opportunity for you to give
back to your community good karma but it
also provides a network potential free
to explore avenues that you might not
have explored on your own so volunteer
you know what goes around comes around
it's good to start putting good back in
that pot volunteering also looks great
on your resume and in this industry
where bachelors only go but so far and
more than likely a lot of you will be
applying for graduate degrees contouring
experience can be the difference between
that low LSAT GMAT GRE score and you
getting into that top 20 program you
look at all right girl volunteer mm-hmm
number four is last but not you see my
opportunity because of the time
commitment maybe two months or two years
look at something and think oh my gosh
I'm gonna be 24 when I wouldn't find
time I finish I don't want to do it
because it's too much time Eric or Teach
for America Peace Corps they're all
great opportunities and while you're
young it's the best time to take
advantage of opportunity they present
themselves to you don't not do something
because you think oh my gosh I'm gonna
be ex-agent why can I finish there sir
oh you beers goes by with the quickness
trust me on this and you might pass up
an opportunity because of the length of
time it takes to commit to it and then
that length of time passes by you're
still looking around like dad I really
should've did it look at the things
don't drop back from exploring potential
opportunities don't pass a great
opportunity up just because of the time
you will be surprised a future where the
East Wing West Wing Northwest Ocwen and
you might spin around and be in a whole
nother direction girl just float like
you Dorothy and if I represents itself
people to tell this explore it and
really really think about the potential
that can come from I opportunity I think
Peace Corps Teach for America a lot of
these programs that you ask for a time
commitment are great and they also help
you pay back those to it
I wish I'd done I wish I had done a girl
but those are my fault
tips for my back to college ladies do
they help do you like them see more
videos like this hit that thumbs up
button for all the mama's out there
within teenage girls make sure you show
them this video too and put them on to
the royalty about the real-life and
how'd it be successful coming straight
from Josie thanks for watching
deuces
