I would do a video response to foresee
hair shape who off the counts my event
support it so thank you love for coming
all the way from Atlanta it's greatly
appreciate it
definitely have to collaborate sometime
soon but I'm recently shaping up a video
and she is talking about kind of like
being teased and how she perceives
beauty and I'm so so paraphrasing here
but the gist of the video is about you
know coming into your own and feeling
confident in your own skin
even though people have like billion
gonna turn faces what if she was ugly if
she's not so I can't do a video response
because I have had several mothers the
recommends different points on either my
Instagram my YouTube or my facebook
letting me know that like they show
their videos to my other daughters or my
pictures to their daughters
whether I think one woman comment about
her daughter having thick eyebrows or
like the other about her daughter having
a the protection hey everyone else and
like I was definitely a kid who got
cheese I don't know people like believe
this or not but I was like damn near
tortured okay I think it starting like
third grade up until high school and I
kind of just took a different approach
to the being teeth because I also had
very kind of like my parents were non
cuddling at all like my mother always
said if it's not true why the Bible you
you know like why are you letting to get
you if it's not true it shouldn't bother
you like kids would tell me things like
my branch thank ice thing I talk like a
white girl light-skinned
yes I got this real light-skinned no I'm
not a victim about it I'm not trying to
go to the toilet but I got teased for
being dark-skinned girl but it happened
it happened you know my hair was Matty
my family's Jehovah's Witness I always
had to leave for Christmas like any
holidays I couldn't celebrate no
birthdays I got big feed I talked to
myself on an awkward you know I'm a big
head I have the lips we're definitely
like it still hasn't people still make
comments that are kind of just like
alright have a nice day I have a list
like basically my life I would like the
black heterosexual version of
there's me talk pretty one day and I
just caught heat I caught heat trying to
come a delta you got I mean anyway I
caught heat after becoming a dota like
it just does not stop but I internalized
it differently I remember sitting in
third grade I'm sitting down and writing
down all the things I was getting teased
for at that point and then just deciding
like seriously I can't change any of
these so I'm gonna do I'm gonna bother
these people I took the very elitist
attitude towards like I kind of just was
like I'm above you because you don't
understand me and so I'm not gonna come
back down to your level to try to equate
to you because you can't argue with
stupidity I don't know why I had this
clarity of mine at eight and not to say
that I was never impacted or I didn't
cry or I didn't get in fights or I
didn't know ever allow the pettiness to
get to me it did but I didn't I didn't
allow it to attack my kind of security
with myself as much as I have seen
others allow it to attack their own
personal security with themselves I
think also when you know I kind of
dropped out of college and moved to
Brooklyn on a whim and I just always
live my life however I wanted to I ended
up with them these two homeboys Shana
Roy and I remember saying to me you know
the sign of maturation is to shed your
insecurities and so while I had allowed
some of those things to to become my own
insecurities I did kind of you know from
like 19 up until currently I've shed a
lot of my insecurities and I really kind
of come in to myself and I think that
between my you know ten year old self
saying hey you know a lot of what these
because we're talking to me about is BS
anyway like I'm gonna get teased for
things regardless because I can't change
your things about myself I can't change
I have big feet I can't change that my
parents troubles with it I can't change
that big lips big nose in a big head I
can't change that my hair is nappy like
I don't want to change the way I talk
and you know now as an adult I get
accused of talking ghetto or not being
educated so you can never win with
people and so what what I really want to
get into saying
this and I want to say this to every
young girl out there you know the
biggest and the best thing I can tell
you is that you create your own reality
you allow things to matter in your life
that you allowed to matter like and I
want to say the girl at you know in my
eighth grade class who told me that I
couldn't you know that I didn't know
what rap music was and so therefore I
wasn't black if I wouldn't allow her to
determine who I was as a black woman
then I had to make that in my mind
there's a co-pilot on Roosevelt that I
don't remember but I would put it across
the screen girl but yet all that like
you allow to matter in your life where
you feel as matter you personally give
things importance and it took me a while
to kind of really you know I had a sweat
understanding of this in my third grade
self to my young adult self who went to
New York but I think what really kind of
changed that was one becoming a delta L
F dr. oz you know you look at a lot of
these women and you're like oh my gosh
you're so great you're doing X Y Z and
you get in and you realize that
everybody should stink just as much as
the next person like you know there are
some great women I am so happy that I
did it but I really kind of had an
awakening and realizing how human people
are that I had kind of exalted to
another level on top of that I realized
that I really don't get along well with
women so that'll get along but women
kind of want to meet you they're gonna
put you in a box and I can't really be
put in any box perfectly and so women
kind of like I like this with me um but
this realizing that you know I was going
you know I was here for a greater cause
when I'm gonna do the record upside no
one's that I'm gonna take away why I
want to become a Delta and I really just
stuck forth with that and ever loving
that I can make important what I would
make important if I'm gonna allow
somebody telling me how I was made or
how I pledged to be important to me as a
24 year old adults then I could allow
that to be important if I want it to be
important what bros I'm cool with what
are the chapters on
I can allow that to be important if I
wanted to be important how much I'm
impacting my community how much I'm
getting back to my chapter how much I've
been active in doing things that are
better not only for myself or for other
people I can make that important you
know through doubts I have met some
great people and I met this one young
bruh Brian come around coming up to me
and it has to be like my LV has to crush
on you and you know me and his we
definitely became really close friends
and Brian was always there kind of in a
contingency like me and Brian never
really became close friends but he was
definitely somebody who I admire and I
appreciate it and I that deeply cared
for and unfortunately Bryant was kind of
died in a freak accident like two years
ago I'm gonna call it one o'clock in the
morning and being told what had happened
and like literally my reality stopped
because this is someone who I thought
was going to be around before forever we
might not have he might not have been
somebody that I talk to every day but I
just knew I'm gonna see him a little
short behind 50 years from now with his
grandkids he was still I'm talking about
love is the answer and it's about like
you know all this peace and blessings
and these better things that should
motivate us in life and progression you
know I just knew he was going to be that
person who's always gonna be around and
literally that moment my reality stopped
and I think in the age of social media
it was really weird to go on Facebook
and Twitter and Instagram and see
everyone else's life just moving along
like everyone else was in grieving like
I was grieving like people were having
great days who were having babies and
getting married and doing all these
other things and things that matter to
them were happening in their lives and
my whole thing was just like mentally I
had to reshape my reality because I had
places person at different points in my
future and now I have to reshape my
future and we weren't even that close I
don't want to take away you know what
someone who was like his Eloise who
talked to him every single day what he
had to go through and like reshaping his
reality and
you know it's still it's two years later
and it's still really really weird like
if I sit down and think about it like it
doesn't seem real to me but like this
really honestly realize kind of I'll out
to be important in my life what I allow
to be important I cause things to be an
issue and so therefore I've been able to
let go of a lot of things that might
affect another person I've been able to
do a lot more impressive ear a lot more
and like life ain't easy like I matter
ice cream lollipops and cupcakes girl by
any stretch of the imagination it is
difficult to march by the beat of your
own drum it is very difficult to control
your reality and stay in this lane
because of social media because
everybody presents these images of what
life should be or how they're living or
what they classify is beauty it's very
hard to stay focus and you're gonna find
very few people in life who are truly
honest and genuine and have integrity in
what they do but you know I go to sleep
at night feeling good about myself
because I know that I have maintained a
level of integrity and a level of
honesty and I am the number six on my
line so y'all know what I missed but you
know I think I obtained that I've
maintained those things above all and so
I can feel good about the decisions that
I make in life if I tell you how much
heat I went through prior to putting
this event together and I'll still press
to be able to smile on my face and pull
it together and got it together I don't
think other people would've been able to
do it I don't think people would have
kept going like I didn't have a place to
live for two weeks when I'm down in a DC
like it's been real and I'm never gonna
allow anyone else to impact my reality
that so negatively deters me from doing
things that I know I can do and I can
achieve because at the end of the day
you can't blame anybody else for how
your life turns out you can thank people
who are near successful but when you
fail it's gonna be you and yourself
alone so I have said that I'm going to
take every opportunity when I fail to
learn from my failure dust myself up and
get up because when I make us the time
it's gonna be see people standing there
next to me and I'm
okay with that you know I'm talking
about adult things I'm going through now
but none are out there you know I think
it might not make sense right now if you
might it might be hard to let go of
these things that you think are
important because all your peers are
telling you that they're important you
know when I was in third grade I was
getting teased because I didn't have the
right pair of Air Force Ones or you know
when I was in ninth grade I didn't have
the right shiny denim suit because when
I was in ninth grade shiny denim suits
was in style and I did not have the
right brand or the right one and it's
just not relevant like it could be
relevant to me that I'm damn near 30 and
don't have away from the kids and it's
not because I'm not gonna allow it to
dictate who I am because the same
argument could be though you almost are
being you ain't got no man and kids but
then you know it could be that oh you're
like 20-something with a kid like what
are you doing with your life it's all
it's the power of perspective you can
look at life however you want to look at
life and you can dictate who your
reality is I mean I think in losing a
friends in such kind of like in like a
weird way and such like an
out-of-the-blue
way I really you know I was forced to
stop my reality was I was forced to see
that everyone else was living in all
these different realities and this is
how much I can control mine if I want to
bicker with someone over a tweet and I
would allow that to be my reality then
sure if I wanna allow someone to come at
me because I don't talk the way they
talk or I don't move the way they move
or I don't do my hair the way they do
their hair you know like I think this is
what has allowed me to do a youtube
channel because y'all can be ferocious
some of the comments I just gotten to
put on delete a lot of the negative
comments but like pissed somebody behind
a keyboard that god only knows what they
look like
that's trying to throw me shade and
people might not like the way that I do
things are the way I rock my hair people
might not like this hairstyle I got on
right now but you know what I like it
and therefore there's somebody else who
will like it because of the way I carry
myself I made it
look like something new because I have
enough confidence and the way that I
wear my hair and the way I carry myself
that it's automatically good to attract
people to me I have created my reality
and in my reality I am beautiful and I'm
confident and don't nobody else really
matter and so it will bring people into
your reality who understand that and
appreciate that it's about the energy
you put out
I would hope to impart other I would
hope to impart on to other young women
and you know in the age of social media
and the age of everything being visual
and pretty and nice filters put over it
that you know you really kind of look a
little bit deeper and you don't get so
caught up in the facade of things and
allowing that to impact you and deter
you and shape these kind of shallow
beings so much more to a person into a
human being
then what I can offer to you in the
visual sense you know Instagram isn't
telling you my life and my life is so
much more interesting than what I can
put out via Instagram or even Facebook
that I think just be careful about
getting caught up in that and if you're
getting teased or someone's coming for
you like real talk
you probably live in a small city and
you're gonna move on even out and you're
not gonna be concerned this person
that's arguing with you in third grade
about how thick your eyebrows are like
they're not gonna matter in about eight
years I promise you they're not going to
matter and she was how you internalized
it and so don't let anybody steal you
get sunshine girl I took it and was like
I'm going to continue I'm going to be as
obnoxious as I want to be because you
don't like Who I am when I'm crying at
something to do what I want to do
recently look oh hello I mispronounced
his name he's really good at like making
this kind of like don't give a
speech sound really poetic excuse me for
the cursing I don't
whatever all right love you do this
