I do the stocking cap method using the
free spray apparently this was a freezie
challenge comes from with it goes like
this knocked on a hey um I do it this
way I spray a layer right around the
edge of my hair to seal the cat down I
probably shouldn't do it that far over
because this is what makes it tight you
do not have to do this but I do find
this method makes the wig not like
beyond the fact that it makes the wig
look more realistic and it covers up I
have dark hair it also just the wig will
not budge
the downside is this gets tight fast
like I only keep this on for like two
three days you know I find it the more
difficulty but on the tighter the wig
feels um I'm gonna have to lift all this
up you want to try to keep it as close
to you know just have a line where
you're gonna cut and so I do do it a
little bit past my hairline cuz you know
I got a lot of forehead Dara I know
something got small-headed forehead
cheeks don't really have a lot of room
to give up but uh I got plenty of
forehead to spare here I'm gonna just
take my blow dryer on cool blow it down
and come back and spray it again okay
now I'm gonna spray another layer I just
do two layers yes your hair will be hard
underneath this
but when I take it off I usually just
soak the actual front of the wig with
like witch hazel or rubbing alcohol and
then I sometimes I just can't get off my
head truth be told and then I will take
a toothbrush to both the wig and my
hairline I'll spray some water with some
leave-in conditioner and just you know
take the toothbrush and take it through
my hair line it gets the hardness out
and the flakes out and then I'll follow
that up with castor oil because I do
take the wig off every two three days
and then I reapply it because I've had
these braids in for a month now
the next step then once this is sealed
down I'm gonna let it set for a couple
more minutes and I'm gonna take my
little scissor it's tacky right now so I
need to blow it dry for a couple more
minutes I really only do it girl
I'll be so lazy with this process puttin
all wigs just it's convenient but it's
definitely not a quick process I will
say I could do my makeup in 10-15
minutes this you need a good 30 minutes
just just don't try to play off
something you fit to put a wig on in 10
minutes I did play myself when I did the
paint with Barry Jenkins it's still kind
of cute but I just did it it wasn't my
best wig application okay I know I'm
looking crazy so now I'm just gonna take
my scissor and I cut up the middle and
once it gets hard you know it doesn't
take that long
so like get hard it's pretty quick
imma just cut you see what the wet line
is I just use that as my guide now I
have enough forehead got the shanthi
sideburns and well I'm not wearing any
colored wigs yes so I don't try to just
get right here sometimes you see people
will only have the I don't know
everybody does days differently there's
always like some new tip or trick girl
I'm not here so in the bunny leagues I'm
just trying to make my wigs look nice so
yeah my panel that I did during South by
Southwest it went very well
I did tell Barry Jenkins that I did not
like Coulson whiteheads Underground
Railroad which I think he no he said a
bill Street if a pill Street could talk
is that the name of the book the James
Baldwin book fawni and Tish are the two
characters in that book he said that was
in post-production but I think
underground his is a limited series it's
gonna be on Amazon I look he should have
been like what we all do promo I know
painting door
he was very very nice he was very very
very very nice but we just feel like a
panel about how we do use empathy within
our work which for me was kind of
daunting cuz I'm like very did moonlight
breath just the Oscar best picture of
2017 what am i doing
I regularly posting videos on YouTube
you know it's like I do know how to
speak though like speak up
oh I'm gonna pull this back so sometimes
I do put it too far down and I do just
gently I hold my finger and very gently
pull up where I want it when I want to
cut it at all right so this is pretty
good this is a little it looks really
close to my forehead now the neck thing
is just to test it out actually and see
if you have realistically giving
yourself the right amount of coverage so
much more like how like yeah this is too
far out so where do I actually want the
wig to go okay what's what's act like we
are professionals here and clip this is
back so you can actually see the
hairline this is the Julia the
aliexpress Julia's hair in the Brazilian
body wave and I just took a curling wand
to it and lots of hairspray and try to
do something with thee we see and then I
redid the baby hairs in it cuz I think
the first time I cut it I didn't really
cut it too too well okay so as you see
frontal is front like front part frontal
okay so I think I need to take it a lot
back actually but I want this to be past
my hairline well not a lot back cuz it's
like girl yeah I think right there is
good
I don't really even know how much of my
audience wears wigs but I think like the
beauty of YouTube is that these as much
as people do promote like an image and
it's always centers around like
wealthiness and like you know don't
stress yourself out you if you like a
little 2000 eggs from Amazon girl I do -
the only thing is like I bought a Oh
Trey way the other day and it didn't fit
my head but Julie like these Aliexpress
hair companies are inexpensive you're
getting quality frontals I think and
things you will need to buy the utensils
to make Sibley process easier so I do
watch peek mil I've bought a lot of the
things that she uses to make her wigs
and it's it's there's a difference and
making it easier now I'm gonna take my
mac studio finish this is a color I
don't really wear anymore
and just powder along to get rid of a
bit of that line of demarcation on the
weak
do not use cream grow cream will just
stick on this thing and not move you do
you want to use the powder I got the wig
head the wig stand you know big thing of
thread yeah I guess it's not a whole
whole lot of tools I got them all in the
Amazon it's just a big difference it
doesn't take me that long to make a wig
anymore
make sure you got some fresh good
scissors I'm about to get the serrated
scissor that's here Monet was talking
about this stuff is all very accessible
and within reach like you make you one
go big you be sat for the year I don't
talk about a lot of y'all in corporate
settings I like to switch it up no a lot
of the girls are always doing like now
doing the videos where they show you
going to the hair salon but I'm like
shoot I just like swing I also just like
being resourceful so I totally get
paying someone else to do something for
you and you can't do it though but as
someone who you know and always have two
pennies to rub together I'm also just
like
yeah I think that's I think we want to
put it like right here the next part is
we take V actually glue I use the white
one I'm gonna put two layers of this
across my forehead watch anyway video
this is basically how everybody does it
either this or they are using a an
actual glue I like using things that I
can just get at CVS but since a lot of
the glue companies are black woman own
shoe if that's your thing girl go ahead
get those I especially got to make sure
pay special attention to this corner
wine cuz it this is where it's likely
going to get on my real hair the glue
and it gets really hard and as I said I
got them at Shanti sideburns brown but
it's also where the wig is most likely
to lift first cap won't be so tight on
my head girl this is all legit is why I
always end up taking it off
not because it's really lifting but
because I'm just like garlis is tight I
went it off my head so I last like two
to three days all right so much talking
this videos gonna be way too long I
don't want this to get hard you just
wanted to get tacky I'm gonna add
another layer you also want to keep
cotton swabs on here so that you can
clean up the excess glue right like you
don't want it to have to be racing the
clock all right now typically I have a
comb with like a metal end and I don't
know where it is probably in my suitcase
cuz I packed all that stuff with me but
I like to be extra careful cuz and get
all the lace down because I don't cut
the lace in a straight line because
that's what's here monday says she said
don't cut it down in a straight line and
I'm like okay girl you'll be no way so
I'm gonna just follow Yoli no you have a
lot of like finer waist pieces that you
have to make sure you get down oh that's
really that is silly
alright I'm gonna just hold it down so I
feel like it's firm I'm gonna go out to
the bathroom get my toothbrush I don't
really do too many baby hairs I do just
try to brush some little loose hairs and
brush that back into the hairline
I think is a nice little effect I need
to get my own hold on why not do this
maybe cuz just hilarious long as we be
having this on her head with all of
Charlie's friends be looking again one
of these things at the beauty supply
store getting some sort of thing this
messages go around I think girls with
shorter hair is typically use this for
like the UM the pixie cut to lay down
their hair or laid out how they wrap two
hairs will be stuck in whatever position
they are in once I wrap this sucker yeah
so I have to this don't really will
freeze whatever to your forehead right
see I know I'm not gonna like how that
looks but maybe I just didn't like it
right now uh no girl I really ain't
trying to spend all day on this I'll
freeze that to my forehead I guess
that's what that is
I was around my neck alright I always do
my makeup after I apply my leg because
part of putting foundation or whatever
you put on your skin is putting it into
the hairline so blends your wig in so
get my finger in there make sure
everything's laying down and going in
the right direction
and then by the time I'm done I got
folded up a little bit I'm a cleans on
my forehead up and by the time I'm done
with my makeup this will be set right
back oh maybe I won't still do my makeup
on here I'm not trying to do have an
hour-long video or even a 30-minute long
video I'm mukbang video is long enough
girls just do something real quick
what's the most adventurous y'all game
with y'all
I'm gonna do a real lazy lazy
like no foundation but I do use powder
and so I do put the powder up into my
hairline
you're not South my blog every day in
March and I did maybe are we gonna have
any nobody talking about the fact that I
haven't done it like in two weeks I
might catch up though I'm gonna get
thirty blogs out this mile I'm just so
overwhelmed and I thought doing that
first thing in the morning will help me
get my mind together but um girl it just
kind of mentally stressed me out even
more but I need to commit commit I'm
just trying to go for like I don't want
like a retro like hmm Shh
I so miss my Laura Mercier powder but
this make up forevers powder is i if I I
don't even think Laura Mercier makes my
color anymore which is so away I was
number 14 and I'll have to go to the
mall in Atlanta and see shotgun while
I'm in Ileana then we're gonna do blush
like a snapchat filter you know I love
it with the blush - pika gave me bare
minerals and ready blush the natural
high every look is about the highlight
got the ball but I think I'm gonna do
artist Couture diamond glow and concede
it I never did get the peach all right
and then I get my highlighter brush get
my head out of British Russia yet where
she at in this glow my mascara on love
all right overdo it
oh I just love that the Sun is up later
now see how crazy this looks I don't
know what I did what did I just do did I
glue this down oh I think I go to Donna
all right I have to figure out these
baby here's a little bit more but um let
me go put on some mascara and be right
back
all right so apply some mascara and I'm
wearing l'oreal infallible in topless
okay I'm still not a baby hair expert
when you do this you I didn't have some
product on my ear so I did take the
cotton ball with some witch hazel and
wipe it right off
oh that's what I meant to do finish
powdering my forehead because I do think
there's a something is that really my
aesthetic the way I curled this wig so
this is it this is the look on giving Oh
powder down everything gonna put on my
directors glasses just I don't have no
hedges on we're giving a look alright
that's it thanks for watching I really
hope that some of y'all gives the wigs a
chance even if you are scared of messing
up girl look just get the right tools
I'll have a link down I'll have all the
links down below on the hair and the
tools that I use that makes us a lot
easier for me it's just you got to be
resourceful okay
