me now that I'm 33 and it's my Jesus
here let's see if I can give you a
sermon when all I want to do was be a
holier than outside okay
I'm Jules E and this is for my smart
brown girls I did a panel for South by
Southwest with Barry Jenkins who's the
Oscar award-winning director of
moonlight very clearly even in my dreams
this could not be true well I think he's
now producing or it's all a like in
post-production for Amazon James
Baldwin's if Bill Street could talk I'm
always here to pick up a new book but
I've read this about every James Baldwin
book there is except I read most of
Baldwin's books in middle school so my
ability to recount or catch on some of
the more mature motifs from some of the
books might not be that shark so I
decided to reread Bill Street so I could
be prepared and you know in case it came
up in small talks I could start by
educating a love only level yes I little
intimidated as hell because it was just
me and I asked our award-winning
director on this panel it was just me
and him in conversation it was like who
am i i slayed up even though I didn't
like a burnt chicken nugget I still
loved myself all that to say the whole
explanation there's a character in the
book that Baldwin's description of
really touched me or miss teen who is
the protagonist Tisha's older sister in
Tisha's voice sis as she calls our
Ernestine is the strong one or at least
people view her as strong if you look
helpless people react to you in one way
and if you look strong or just come on
strong people react to you in another
way this can be very painful the way
people treat you particularly as black
women and they perceive you as strong
can border on abuse the various ways
people articulate that you are someone
they perceive as strong are rarely
complimentary oh you always figure it
out I know you'll always be okay I know
you always be okay
me at a very low point in my life crying
to someone who I believed to be one of
my closest friends and their response
was of all my friends you're just
someone I never worry about I've never
worried about you I've never worried
about you I've never worried about you
and she shrugs me off I imagined the
person who says these things hear
themselves telling the person something
warm and fuzzy when it's really just a
slap of harsh cold win to the fight
spread to her all we really do is
absolve ourselves from caring from
having to invest emotionally and the
same people we likely heavily lean on
emotionally and as Baldwin says that's
just the way we are and that's how we
give up if you look at all your friends
or acquaintances even who would you feel
most okay with disappointing you know
how many times I've been disappointed
we're close friends have canceled on me
put me in a hard spot let me down
because they didn't want to disappoint
other people to do this and I always
wonder what kind of a temper tantrum
would I have to throw for people to
realize when this are that deeply
matters to me
maybe my words are just too monotone but
you know I like I talk like this every
day
you know I'm expressive so I'm trying to
figure out like when I say a thought do
we realize what these strong friends
absorb especially when we offer all for
them things only to let them down and
I'm not talking about a one-off because
we all have moments where we set
expectations that we just cannot meet
but the constant consistent letdown when
we know we're getting away with doing
something to one person that we would
not do to another and one of the most
annoying let me tell you one of the most
annoying aspects of being seen as a
strong friend is when you finally are
offended and because you usually don't
take things personally or you just don't
bother to argue folks down about certain
stuff people are offended that you
you will figure that I'm a bending and
this is not just for the strong friends
per se but anyone who likely doesn't out
leave where their emotions the calm
friend the inch over are always a good
time friend the goofy or the jokester
friend we all have to think about how we
use people for emotional benefit because
we all do myself included and that's
fine as long as we make the effort to
give to them in ways that they need and
the same frame that we take what we need
from them and for the strong friends to
be a bit more emotionally honest even
vulnerable I might be talking to myself
here allowing those who love you who
care to help you and you gotta let your
guard down just a little bit in order
for that help to be received
