hi guys oh wait we have to whisper
hi guys this is Joel see it's my friend
I know people usually have like the that
will model Mike but I have that's a
bitch with h4 so today we're doing good
made
it's called ASMR I am very loud in a
real life like three octaves louder than
everybody else so even my whisper is
loud now no we're not just eating salad
well so in celebration of Black History
Month when to a black-owned a black
woman on business here in Dallas
I mean they have a Facebook group and
they do deliveries any weird ex no North
Dallas area ain't easy but they don't
know how to use didn't used to kiss you
first
oh wait I can't see it
seafood pasta 16 ounces of seafood pasta
I don't even really like seafood it's
shrimp it look like crawfish I don't
even know if I like Lobster
but if lobster crab shrimp sausage
potatoes and corn
Wow
opening Polish sausage well the way
women we have swells - Brandon with
alkaline water okay so there's the
lobster in here so I don't go with my
lobster I have my favorite - it doesn't
like red wine
I mean doesn't this look like Walmart
lobster this look leichter $7.99 a pound
this you don't really thought I raised
you know I'm not that way for about that
like so do you still need a boy did they
gave me something to Greg the house no
I got the green onions decorations why
would they get me into all this I can't
use your hands and do why is that
that's meat $13 I'm going to eat the
lobster
vegetables mr. Lester
how do we meet you I tell them that we
met you tell the story west bitch yeah
that was born in 77 plus 2007 was his
30th birthday party that's how I
remember everything
everybody got fired before the birthday
party and then I live in there I said I
was a talented yeah it was they don't
know my real name cupcakes on my second
day of work and our
Wow
thinking you could buy some butter and
eggs
you'd be saying right here in the clinic
kitchen shrimp is slightly overcooked
but just lobsters like a Walmart lobster
and I feel like already has
wait a Crabby messy okay I'm over the
whispering broad I hurts my back hurts
my vocal cords I know how choice
stressful it is it's like do you do that
yes mm-hmm I think people like watching
people eat a lot of weight coat their
own is the medium body right wine which
is messy that what time is it
I'll make sure I don't get constipated
that's a boy
he's good without it
oh my gosh all this choir
it's a hard shield all right I don't
know what you do
I got I don't eat crab I'm actually
allergic to crab Loki I'm gonna throw it
later but whatever
mmm I said I don't want to eat too much
protein
tomorrow a steam but it runs right doing
yourself like it's a blessing it's also
a lot of not whisper as what we got our
salads from I think it's a chain
government in Texas cousin okay Houston
I'm going to say what you want your
Salah so basically I get like the whole
salad bar my side I have a small and she
had a large
I'm tell you the calories everything
they tell you the calories of everything
to a Peter if you win they're stressing
yourself all but what you eat saliva
lists the calories on the bar I feel
like I would love to have a salad bar
more home salad bar in my home eat salad
be so much easier
Oh you also want an apothecary yes it's
awesome I got a white boy friendship
yeah what'd you say
Oh friendship pull it out for the black
man we couldn't we get us white boy
friends and make our Amos like to dope
queens where we make slave jokes about
my boyfriend's we could but why
I ate most of the hell out of here
that's what I need enough staff is it
wilts mm-hmm I would have anyway what I
got killing me I need to eat too
are you gonna eat with better sense as
we try with the loose Politis
did it meet your expectations
a lot of Sallee room
Irene's has a Facebook group
because she does like orders I think she
it's it feels like I've been in the
group like a year now and it feels like
since when I first started to group and
join the group that she's gotten more of
her restaurant together the group
originally started because the actual
restaurant didn't have consistent hours
and I don't know what if that's not
considered soft Dallas but it's off like
Lamar an herb a but further back is that
users like the hood area which just
means there's no infrastructure out
there we're just gonna dance
I'm all for swearing black women
businesses even if it's a little
overpriced was he throw do you know how
hard it is for them to start uh she
started in a neighborhood that's
underserved mm-hmm people be driving
from a little elm
oh wait out here how do you think she's
doing oh it was packed when I went in
yeah awesome no she does they were like
they mean to me they do like different
cities every weekend but they have to
make a minimum amount of orders and for
the most part they be making them
why do they season the crab leg are you
supposed to use your common knowledge
and now a season the water and it
absorbs its absorbent I said that the
crab is the water the water you boil the
crab in is seasoning Cerreta tablets
you know how Carly's before no you tell
a couple weeks ago and you 35th rotation
around the same 35 years old you just
have crabs on the first time no you grab
the San Luis I just didn't yeah all the
country like I didn't receive my bit
crabby and family but I definitely ate
crab growing up no more like I'm a fish
fry family like catfish same know you
don't like a fish I'm revoking your
black heart no we are the criminal black
hard and revoking offenses when it comes
to food but you don't eat our greens my
mama don't you coloring my Explorer
friend didn't eat out things like that I
don't understand
I mean crabs is like a seafood allergy
so I'm not gonna if you've never had
crabs Oh
why one you to revoke to keep never I'll
okay when I revoke people who are like
repelled by up skin to this Court did
you don't eat contrition about you super
starchy y'all never eat corn no never
popcorn sometimes never ever
you never endure Giancarlo I mean I eat
it I just don't prefer to eat it I mean
I don't buy corn and what I eat it okay
hmm one of the offenses and food for
black folks I think also within the
United States that like when we talk
about black culture we tend to talk
about it as a monolith so you know you
go that like I appreciated so much you
ever been in the black Smithsonian in DC
and now I haven't so the the what's it
called like sweetie something good
sweets I forget the name of the
restaurant within the black Smithsonian
but they have food stations broken up on
regions and I think because we don't
have the language to define ourselves
the word is we don't have the
nomenclature to define ourselves like we
can't you know a black person you've
ever st. Louis and I grew up walk up in
Delaware by mine a lot of the culture
that group was from my dad's from
Central Florida North his family's from
st. Augustine actually which is North
Florida so a lot of the foods that I ate
cuz my dad cook growing up we're from
like you know the North Florida
Panhandle types of cuisine and like we
don't have anything to call it versus
you growing up in st. Louis but they did
so like they called it like mid-atlantic
mmm-hmm
so mid-atlantic is a lot of like the
crab a lot more seafood obviously
there's a lot of seafood and then
there's separate cuisine then like this
the Carolinas which is seafood but more
rice heavy dishes
um then they did like Creole occasion
which is like Louisiana obviously
Mississippi I remember all the names but
they had every region covered including
the bay and like the West like in
California chat then that was
interesting because historically black
folks ended up in California during the
gold rush and then um like the 1920s 30s
yeah basically black folks who ended up
in California can all trace their family
back to the East Coast for the most part
because black folks left to California
left California for opportunity well
they were throwing the gold rush or like
uh well the gold rush people were still
slavery I wanted to go brush because
like six generations back at my family
whatever great-grandfather that is to me
went to California because he was a free
black man yeah and while he was in
Florida my family got saw back into
slavery
what in 1854 I found this out doing my
ancestry and I athlete I have history
book on it it's right there free man in
the age of servitude hmm it's about that
great great great great great great
great great great great grandfather
George Proctor
I'll ask about the Black Card in
culinary black card revocation if you
will kind of feel like if you're he'll
focus a lot of the times you're excluded
from that so it's not that I don't want
to eat no cuz you're help focus your
just extreme you have like them the most
you're the most disciplined people I
know when it comes to food so like
there's vegan food that still fits
within like the cookie and then we eat
eat and I mean but like that means it
just doesn't have meat this is not
necessarily as vegetable vegetable focus
or southern food vegetables are
traditionally over cooked a lot of the
Sun I mean as our most African foods
Touche the only cuisine of the Diaspora
I could see you still be able to eat
specifically its Jamaican food like I
town yes but I tend them I'm eating it
but I don't
I'm not never oh you don't need sugar
you don't eat sugar whether it out of my
process or naturally derived sugar and
that's what messing you up cuz like a
jerk chicken hats orange juice in it
right like fresh orange juice and you
still can't eat it cuz it's just a form
of sugar but I think there's healthy
diets that don't get excluded you know I
don't think vegetarians or vegans get
any so I don't even even though if you
eat raw food that you weren't
necessarily excluded it's it when you
start getting into like sugars and carbs
which what cuisine can you eat carb is a
basic tenant of ethnic food
what culture just needs some vegetables
like green vegetables what culture
doesn't use room Bethenny didn't want a
culturally before modern technology
people right eat certain foods because
they last longer a lot of what you eat
doesn't last very long
nature so is it modern global cuisine
carbs are essential part of our diet
because they last long and they're
nutrient and you stuff to supplement for
you when you take it out of your diet
before you take it out of your tax you
got to supplement for it when you take
it out of your diet you don't send them
in for carbs you supplement for a
legislature that come from Barb's that
carps keeping your body fair you know
but as I eat my starch tastes Alyssa
stop I don't know if you from st. Louis
I wish I would take your black car if
you don't eat barbecue I do eat barbecue
if you don't eat smoked meats I do eat
baked beans beans beans
you don't you Barbies you don't eat
black-eyed peas
I mean when I do eat my name I like them
they're not a part of my life now but
like if I had some on my dad every year
gruel black eye peas I look like that
B's but don't they're not a part of my
life now why are occupied by the way I
really funny yet also three blender
Buckeye Lisa my cabinets right now with
some smoked turkey oh I just I just
don't think about less I'm hey I'm
walking if you dare I don't make beans
because they take too long
I don't like I like fresh them in a
crock pot yeah I get fresh beans you so
cool whether you put them in a car fire
yeah with the seasoning again it is me
hearty about it I hope
do me what they call them - jaws yep
- like I really I eat it I love it I
just can't say that it's a part of my
life on the regular basis which we agree
is dreamings yeah those are not lagoons
- beans it's a vegetable
you eat okra absolutely but not fried
not fried roast it I really like eating
fried food growing up we only ever ever
ate it fried or any like this tomato
base still that I wasn't too feeling I
like it roasted you know foods that I
used to think we're nasty growing up
that I like for now that mistook about
liver and onions
no rice I made liver for the first time
maybe a year or two ago and I was very
pleasantly surprised with my
appreciation for because I hated it as a
child my mom always made it my goal was
to make it I think the reason I didn't
just I just liked it is cause kids at
school like you know we I would take
leftovers for lunch so I was the kid in
school with liver and onions over rice
as a leftover fried chicken cold fried
chicken and potato salad as a leftover I
was just um literally loved but we like
any fried and we like my dad would like
did he something batter it I don't know
I don't cook no whatever if it's not
soaked and it still has my mom I don't
think prepared little right so that soon
as Superman
throw your mama under the bus so did my
mom just learn how to make her it's a
few years ago her grits would literally
stick to the plate could turn the plate
upside down and able just be holding on
mmm because she didn't measure that's
the thing you know she doesn't you don't
gotta measure enough open already yes
you do people eat too much too many
greats and not enough water
no you I ball it and you know it'd be
like two parts water one part great she
didn't she didn't use anything wasn't
measuring cups she used nothing to
assess she was using I'm fatigued
I still got my supervisor this is this
is $72 the food we got on the table
right here I'm paying to eat it off
their strength but I ain't got money to
waste like that oh my gosh I'm not
trying to have a stomach ache we oughta
see who and you can't reheat crabs I
feel like I should do B you can't reheat
it
did you eat a call though I can just
like how many times I want to throw up
this week um mm-hmm
it's the like you eat crab I just buy
what like I can't wait to lose some
weight
you are also to see this that you you
you are consistent what I just wanted in
my heart broken so there why did in
Kennedy why are you so whispering when I
worked at Wiedeman Kennedy which does
advertising for Nike i internet I
remember telling my boss you feel like I
would just fuck with this nigga and let
him break my heart cuz I need to lose
some weight and the easiest way to lose
weight is crying over some boil eggs
because when I'm upset boil eggs I drink
wine don't ask it is what I do but then
like foods taste you don't want your
heart broken food taste nasty just me
okay so like the one boy right before
our Pledge dis nigga ain't not a Mary oh
my god he is
I said why I know that you I don't like
being embarrassed that's really what it
is it was so much like a nigga leaving
me it's that men it's women embarrass me
and so he basically ghost at me but like
my home lot like it was Colleen friend
Colleen's boyfriend's best friend like
one of his college friends are you
recently so they were still like there
was you know it's one of my closest
friends and to this day you know me and
oh boy hurt well not her ex-boyfriend
we're still good friends like I'm still
good friends with some of his friends
within that social circle and so it was
just like he just ghost it but he just
disappeared he stopped responding and he
was like oh I need some time to get
myself together the BS and and know he
was back with his ex-girlfriend I kind
of knew that that was gonna happen
because like we were sitting on his we I
was at his house one day
and I'll try to get this piece of crap
out it's just I went away yeah we were
talking about our favorite music and he
put on a Murray's I just died I just
died in your arms and I'm gonna come
back to life I don't know that's won the
race but we're gonna make them to be the
lyrics angry anymore like that's bad and
he was like oh wow
and like he was talking about you know
when he went through his breakup uses as
a song and he put it on and then they
they went into a daze first first eat
right Wow and I looked over and I was
like August niggas still in love and
then after that he's a blogger out dog
every time we talked about her he talked
about her in a very negative way in this
bed and I was insecure because now as a
very secure black woman I no longer date
black men who talk shit about the exes
cuz you're not a nice thing I mean I
think that's a little something everyone
don't date people who cuz even if
someone has hurt you like I don't walk
into relationships talking about men
that like a dummy like yeah I mean it
ain't like he not relevant I'm not with
him
you don't matter he ain't got no access
to me why do I still need to sit here
and dog him out to you you do that when
you're parent we heard anything yeah you
do that from a place of hurt you do that
when you're not over it and he just
spent a lot of time dogging her out and
I'm just like thinking well she's not
cute anymore but you know not a Mary Ann
and I'm sure they're happy or probably
not but whatever who cares not me
but he go steaming and so after because
of the way he goes to me and because my
homegirls
boyfriend at the time had to be like oh
yeah J he's not he's he's he's not hurt
over you like
yeah he's then I'm like damn other
people know right like Wow Wow and so I
ate four piece chicken nuggets and
french fries for three months and I was
like vixie cuz as all I was eatin like
everyday it's a little me it's a
McDonald's over on e6 so there was at
the time I'm in New York City we're good
the East Village like office okay it's
that big glass building my friends get
mad at me and don't tell me when they're
mad I feel like y'all get over it and
then y'all just don't talk to me for the
time and then they're not the y'all pop
back up and then because I'm not a
person who needs constant attention I
don't even notice because you have
referenced you have said oh I was you
know and like you said things to me and
I've had to get over it I don't think
that we've had very many beefs I don't I
don't mean that in a personal way but
I'm saying that you speak very
matter-of-factly how thing means I had
any beef yeah I don't think that's
something I don't think I don't think so
either even last year when you came to
Dallas I wasn't like a real yeah it was
like I just needed like they don't do
this shit again yeah and it was like
okay let's talk about it cuz I I knew I
figured how I knew how you were probably
thinking so it wasn't like a and you
were just it just it only one two three
direction because he would just going
through stuff in general yeah so it
wasn't that's not something I don't know
and I'm not I don't I'm not a drunk
dramatic person I don't well neither am
i I am NOT dramatic at all I've never
been driving but you're mad at bone in
my body
hmm stomachache oh he'll itself
leftovers we gotta finish oh no no I'm
done with I'm done with the seafood
pasta okay we chalk today yes I'm what
I'm sorry for nobody all that really
into it really my inside what should be
just as soothing as my whisper
something's wrong with me she isn't
alkaline water in swells we have been
friends for 12 years
wow that's like oh but some fraction of
our lives
yeah you left the second day I was there
yeah so why did I see when I saw you
again at bed night club
whose birthday was that Eddy work they
know cuz I know you did see me there and
then the next time wasn't you came to
visit me and she really did you that
quickly yeah I always tell you it was
that Linton if I went to see you again
you were in sweat I mean that a
sweatshirt oi asked at the club but I
could like this business so that's it
babies and ladies before my few days I
wasn't even one to really have the right
to just and why we was fucked babe we
were at bed over on that West Side hole
yeah what's a highlight
because yeah I say this Negro name but
he's a very bad boy somebody help that
way that's fine and that's the night I
met him and I remember being like I know
I'm insecure and he was he's the one
light-skinned negro I ever dealt with
and um I remember looking at him and
being like he's like mainstream
attractive I'm gonna see if I can bag
him and I bag to him like what whatever
hit it from the three-point line - got
it
and um I was I was in my I was so
insecure but I was feeling so confident
in my ability and he was just listen was
just this is one of the Jewish it's like
we're Freight we're Facebook friends if
we see each other it'll be awkward on
his part I don't get money I remember
what I always liked about you and why we
remain friends was because I always
count on you to be honest and it wasn't
necessarily like you weren't out you
didn't um I wasn't to be out to hurt
people's feelings
unless that's what you wanted to do you
could do it but that wasn't your mo mom
it was just you just you have to work on
the filter like the filter is not
natural for you oh you're gonna be
advice okay I receive it okay I'm gonna
work on my no I'm not saying you have to
work on your filter I'm saying
the filter is effort for you
versus there are some people they're
gonna be like oh yes I thought when I
don't tell you how I feel yeah that's
what I'm just like I'm conscious of the
fact that I'm keeping my mouth shut
right right right well we know I hung
out with you more than three times
before I came to cook breakfast anyway
20 things it was coldest back in Chicago
when I can't
that was amazing that's pretty but I
don't want to leave for me to buy a
plane ticket to come visit you and you
had a deal on American maybe was on
JetBlue
I know cuz I gave it a cupcake I'm
eating strawberry cupcakes with
strawberry icing I just remember that
they were delicious
and I was mad but I was so happy I made
you wear a little bit chubbier cuz you
were in a lot of sweat pants I was in I
was eating my six chocolate bar a day
when we were there was a good Bart like
yeah why I mean I wasn't the assistant I
was I was really actually in the good
office I'd be running around the Sony
building trying to get other stuff
though yeah Fivefinger discount of
myself in the Sony cafeteria brother me
and my G usage is going I Sony cafeteria
it's like what you did it radio play we
are uh what's a car urban mix whatever
they call when they they service the
records so records get started to the
radio stations it's like a Paola thing
happening to get records place why you
hear the same songs all the time on the
radio any hope so
he worked in that department Whitney
yeah yeah I don't know knee is like big
dog now but we me and Mike would go into
the cafeteria and like you will walk in
and they had that when you walk in one
way and then you walk out to get hey
another way so we would just walk in one
way and walk right back out that same
way I was a give hey no exactly meet
none of us were because I was such a
huge time of exploitation and I didn't
work for like nine months after that
because I just it might have been more
than ours I kind of low-key ver if you
see the job but you have such you like
you still talk to from office I don't
taste truth you're the only person that
I like I'm but like I can sit and ask
you about everybody else and you still
know whether I like let's say if we saw
Kanye tomorrow right he would recognize
both of us but I think he would have
something like he would probably
remember your name he's not gonna know
my name
well we had a mutual friends I think
that would be more it than anything yeah
you were just that person you know I
mean like I think people would remember
you and when were you in kind people
will remember me and be like oh hey
cuz I was just like cuz it was so much
I'm like when I think about this v2
movement and Lake Brenda the urban music
industry can come in right up in flames
bred as exploitative as it was
especially of women just the kind of
stuff that guy said to me in that office
but yeah I have five memories of Lisa
has some bomb-ass chicken wings at the
Sony cafeteria serious but waffle fries
I don't know girl I could never see I I
didn't even want me to leave I mean I
knew me to leave the office he wanted me
to send an intern to get lunch I was
like because you were though you weren't
the front does air so I everybody's
brain drinks I want to see the Sun I
almost cried one day it was one right
behind you yeah but I want to see it in
real life no filters on the 14th floor
Sony but yeah I miss the food and then I
used the Whole Foods a Columbus Circle
yeah definitely helped myself a lot to
the hot food bar beautiful food
tasteless though alright so this is what
I have left I'm not I would love to
continue eating but I have a wayside
remnants of it that I don't want to
destroy and um we're gonna go
rollerskating and I want to not be sick
while doing the roller skating but
there's a lot of a ticket okay so this
is what I have left on my phone
anyhow we got some crab some sausage
some shrimp and potato left I probably
reheat the crab in the oven just heat it
through lightly the shrimp is already a
little overcooked whatever there's a lot
of potato in this one there's all look
like to the point that I think I might
throw something potato out because
that's a lot of potato you can eat all
of it cold too if you want to make a
salad I don't um so yeah there was like
four whole potatoes in here I guess this
is like like you could share this with
somebody who's not doing cato um but the
last time was delicious this is a black
woman owned restaurant in that's not you
stylist cuzzy stylist is briar street
let me look up on my phone what part of
Dallas is considered who send me
messages what am i checking it how you
saying thank you but not only one my
check is all right that is considered
South Boulevard Park Row South Dallas
know cuz stuff doubts to stop the fear
Park okay it's singing cedar is but I
wonder if that's a ginger by name it's
saying South Boulevard Park Row is the
area so historically in Dallas um the
black folks were bombed out of Uptown
and Deep Ellum if you're wondering the
history of why black witnesses tend to
be in that section and it's just not
there's not a lot of infrastructure let
you go and it's just spaced out there's
like apartment buildings there's not
like a grocery store really you know
it's instant to see black businesses in
that area thriving and doing well have I
had better seafood
but I always support off the strength
that lobster was good like I'm not mad
at all this watch this is something like
I had once every couple of months to
support and just you know and I ought to
always order more food than what I can
eat yeah and so they don't have a
seafood pasta everyday they have daily
mix-ins which is either I was hoping
they would have the gumbo cuz I would've
torn a gumbo up but it's either gumball
pasta seafood gumbo seafood pasta
seafood potato and I forget what the
fourth one is but today was and this was
actually really good
this was $13 for $12 this was $12 the
box was 37 my salat was $7 from celada
and hers was 8 did you eat your whole
salad
look at you all right I don't I don't
really understand to play this mock baba
but we did it cuz my friend was here and
I want to do something bang any ho don't
forget you can shop smart brown girl if
you're new here subscribe oh I might say
at the beginning I hope you commented
along I hope you let me know what you
eat I hope you let me actually
