Black Panther is an exhilarating film to
watch and I was so hyped after seeing it
why is that noise
I know y'all looking at me like well
first of all I know y'all looking at me
like what's taking you so long to get to
this review it's just so many words so
many thoughts so many of everything but
look let's just get you to it and if
you're new here I know you've been a
that subscribe button cuz hey boo you
appreciate it my time so hit that button
hey man I appreciate you thumbs up
because if you loved it like it or not
your head at any point under the video
it's a thumbs up and it's always the
conversation so engaged and coming along
cuz guard we got a lot to discuss for
those who are new here I am Josey
everywhere Instagram Twitter Facebook
snapchat and I talk this out with my IG
family a bit last week there's a little
itty-bitty eyes Eli we'd be doing them
over there so join me there because they
get the updates before here for those
who want to be in the know so now we are
going to well at least I oh yeah I am
going to have a beverage while we
discuss because there's a celebration
she and I and I talked about this on my
ID like I was going to drink this I got
the drink on the black people all your
light Hennessy way today I've been in
blackest black so let's do this cuz that
enough is that too much did you notice
the artwork the sway edge it's a new
limited edition shirt for smart brown
girl because all black women can you see
it who are valuable yes we are just
getting started if you didn't I would
offenses Nina RG Laura at Ava I believe
the best way to discuss black panther is
to look at the major themes I want to co
out not that these are the only major
things but for Istanbul is organization
cause like Lisa Bennett naturally I do
veer off topic and there's so many
thoughts so in terms of consciousness I
want to break it down within these four
points at the top of everybody's mind is
Eric kill monger and that hey honest he
really took me out and it's been
interesting to see everyone's reaction
and therefore interpretation of the cop
let's character arc kill monger so you
see right
Oh is he wrong or is he right or zero
well the very least I must declare kill
monger is most definitely a hotel
secondly I know every woman and I
definitely hope some man walked out of
that theater understand that Black
Panther strengths is black women
there's definitely something deeper to
dig into there with a disposition of
gender roles in the African kingdom of
Wakanda and I've been the role player at
modern-day Africa in the name of
tradition just how black women are
viewed within the African Diaspora at
large anyway that black woman never took
this to put that purple herb but they
carried the weight of that powerful
nation from beginning to the very last
very very last closing credits hmm
thirdly coca Conda exists in real life
and I realize that but within that
question in conversation I think there's
a bit more to unpack of the political
history of the African Diaspora and I
was talking with the idea of doing a
whole separate video on that but charm
here already late let's just get into
this first are we asking if economy
could ever be real we are just going to
have a real critical look at what kind
of would mean that is for the rest of
Africa but the Diaspora at large
lastly the Bulba statement that I have
to make about this film overall is that
Danai gurira is the best actor in the
movie you could fight me on that one but
you're not fitting the winning dishes
straw too much hassle I'm gonna pour me
hoping more heady cuz we gonna get it
poppin and let me sip on this drink and
take it back to number one Eric hill
monger now besides Michael B Jordan
looking like a hole and snag not that he
said honey bumper the 99-cent one with
extra big glazed mm-hmm he not even
really my type but I had to catch myself
thinking I would totally let kill monger
waste my time constructed properly so
sorry let me keep this PG kill monger
four stars there's a manifestation of
the horrors of my dating life because
it's already say kill monger is a hotel
I'll cry nigga dead just know how to
hide his action it's a little bit better
you know how annoying it is to finally
find the do when you're physically
attracted to to have enough sense of
style he doesn't look like he Shops at
Kmart but clearly irons his clothes with
stars just be turning me away and he has
swag while being educated one
difficult diploma they'll usually leave
their alumni to be highly socially
awkward and he's a veteran which low-key
can be a red flag until so but means he
out here with a some goodies benefits
and pension playing with access to great
housing loans and grades bitch why I'm
just out here trying to live my best
grown life you think that you done found
a purple unicorn till you see his
Instagram is full of reposted means they
look like they were created in the 1993
version of where art what kind of algae
1992 Android do the people you follow
have oh wait this is a repost from Umar
Johnson
Tyreke Nike oh my god why only cuz not I
go from e4 again colors this they wrote
the ish out of Cal mongers character I
am fascinated that all sides and the
black American experience relate to his
character that the children of African
immigrants see themselves and kill
monger the ashy and the performative
whoa those are two different folks
typically at war with each other they
see themselves definitely descendants of
Africans brought to the Americas where
the slave trade mericans but yet we find
ourselves in one antihero kill monger
who was not so much a villain as he
wasn't an antagonist I definitely saw
him as a through-and-through
representation of the everyday
african-american descendant of slaves
who has a lot of knowledge of the
struggle the loss the trauma and the
necessary pursuit a liberation but in
every book on liberation philosophy what
they have warned against these
individuals have allowed too much of the
oppressor to live within him and when
you talk about liberating and oppressed
people hey Don says there will be
violence at Afton we first turned inward
with that violence Frere says that in
order to survive oppressed people have
to allow the oppressor to live within
them there's a gaze upwards when you
understand their evil but once their
power and material things that you have
to excise for liberation instead of
letting it overcome you and come he
tells y'all Negros ain't no liberation
let's move out liberating all of those
that I've Abed puts the Similan at home
everybody that I could identify so much
of this liberation ideology and
therefore warnings within that that I
could see that in kill monger made him a
very realistic and just well-written
character he signifies the error
the misstep in the evolution of like the
civil rights liberation movement in
America quite literally what the Black
Panther Party sprouted into in later
years regardless of the tenets that they
were actually founded on even in a more
everyday sense what plenty of black
people are consumed with this idea that
power and material comforts equate to
freedom and liberation and jumbo or kill
monger thought utilizing clause to get
vibranium out to the African Diaspora
made sense or that employing the same
methods of the United States CIA a
federal agency that has a very heavy
head or has had a very heavy hand and
dismantling of Independence leaders
during the decolonization period in
Africa they helped kill Patrice Lumumba
of what is now the Democratic Republic
of Congo and Thomas Sankara of Burkina
Faso both of whom were followed by their
betrayers who ruled as dictators for
decades with the support of the US and
Europe pillaging it for self gain hmm
find me and kurma the first president of
Ghana and I always have to say this a
graduate of historically black link
University BT Dubbs shadows of the
king's chair being shaped like that
other famous sigma also known as the
co-founder Black Panther Party who we'd
be doing i neva painted this thing was
like that but you know give do words do
is do that's Karma the father of
pan-africanism cuz we all cousins
distant cousins somehow but he was
driven out of power by the United States
and when I say the United States I
definitely mean the CIA was neat even
all that ish so besides it being only
not very Louis turkeys crazy that the
white good guy was a CIA agent and then
the next highest octave of a key was my
old agent colonizers said kill monger
was one of them
what a sheen Asst has come on you're
thinking employing tactics that
dismantle entire governments in order to
cripple the livelihood of countries
would lead to any sort of liberation so
way if I was to get critical here
kill mongers father and Joe who play by
the rules black man ever cuz he let his
black hats wife sterling K brown so
what's on the chapstick though that guy
again why did he the wakandan royalty
tried to lead this liberation through
clause you know I was once told that you
use the Masters tools to dismantle the
Masters
house and then that same person a year
later try to claim ownership of my brand
matter of fact we was in Ghana when they
said this to me and I should have seen
them for the devilish scammer they were
in that very moment misquoting Audrey
Lord excuse me
people sure if you didn't know shots not
for a girl but but Queen Mobile was
reset for the Masters tools will never
dismantle the Masters house they may
allow us temporarily to beat him at his
own game but they will never enable us
to bring about genuine change there's
one of those passions I'll link it down
below because you should read it
go read em kill monger only talked about
wakanda's vast resources as weapons what
was only destroyed the truest line was
when Ocoee I told him his heart is so
full of hate I'm not even really
surprised that people believe kill
monger was right I am surprised to say
people who understand what's wrong with
like the likes of Umar Johnson and all
join in on the snarky comments about the
ashy Anka right I'm surprised that they
are saying kill monger is right because
then you really can't be surprised as
some like at home are atari gets popular
with black folks and particularly black
men because they be hacked right to with
the sound bites that sound good even
though they see the misogyny homophobia
like kill monger clearly did not respect
any black women he didn't need to kill
his girlfriend he physically assaulted
one of the older women the most respect
in show was when he snidely said hey
auntie to the Queen Mother maybe you
ain't ever gonna talk to Angela Strom or
about it like that
you're like wait go above that you can't
even gloss over any of that to say he is
right besides I just spent like 20
minutes saying he was too power hungry
like his oppressors to ever become
anything more than just an oppressor
trust you mean though yes I felt it when
he said bury me in the ocean because my
ancestors understood death was better
than bondage but even that's missing a
few sips to uphold the belief wholly
because part of our ancestors brilliance
was their ability to survive and create
a culture a community of people that has
greatly sinned to society and culture at
large and if you ever saw the history of
black women you know that it's something
you have to acknowledge because the
black woman body produced the offspring
who became prophet and a people and if I
keep going there I would just derail but
you know girl
yeah there's this thought stare kill
bunker you know he had moments of okay
okay I feel you cuz what kinda is not
alright but he was actually a whole just
a whole lot of wrong and I've read a few
articles that bemoan kill monger as
representation of African Americans as
gangsters but honest I was ho Ted look
for went through and he's not dumb he's
well-educated and intellectually
dishonest well we say gangster are like
thugs we're usually applying a level of
reckless laziness and willful ignorance
and I would not put that on kill monger
intellectually dishonest is still very
dangerous but it's not playing into the
simpleton trope that folks like to throw
on African Americans at all I don't
think that was representation this was
not called kill monger it was called
Black Panther so even if the antihero
made you tired look real weak I mean
T'Challa was really upset by the black
women in the film Nakia a co a sherry
like bruh you got knocked out and caught
off guard with super powers and you got
okole with the gold boots and red dress
look like a coma store I don't know if I
want to overthrow some books using her
wig as a weapon to keep y'all head then
we like Nicki out here doing covert
operations in the individual to save
Nigerians and sambisa forest a forest
that was overtaken by Boko Haram in 2012
you got them niggas an American
top-secret military that's definitely
between Borno State Nigeria Shanghai
Fayette Niger that place there was
definitely like a long read that I
bookmarked in the New York Times about
the American military the top secret war
that they're covertly and sloppily
participating out there and I haven't
got around to actually reading it I'm
not scammed it cuz girl I view strife
but yeah it's a whole lot of things that
will get you killed out in that area and
the Kia confronted it all without any
Purple Heart what you don't watch a
child what you do with sherry got all
the technologies and I really just loved
her character because it broke up some
of the heavier overtones of the film and
delivered a consciousness and a joyful
manner
Nakia for most of the film dressed in
green a co a in red and to Charla and
black the pan-african flag also has a
black liberation flag black red and
green my people I'm here with you Nakia
was definitely a sensible humanistic
counter to discussion a liberation
compared to the anger and power-hungry
news to kill monger because yeah it's
like the cubby river collective like I
to be Wells Alice Walker Bay Lou Hamer
yeah I saunter while Nanda maroon black
women have been the cornerstone of the
fighters liberation of all black people
in a way that usually takes great
personal sacrifice what you wonder what
that is
Amandla Stenberg was almost cats nest
Cherie I mean I suppose Elise but she
recently addressed that she backed out
because she didn't feel that as a
bi-racial light-skinned person she
should take up that space now there are
definitely light-skinned people in
Africa but she said biracial which if we
kind of don't let the whites and
technically for that matter the Arabs in
America slave way to whom this is a
country of 4c man let's celebrate it
celebrating I don't think the point I
mean Allah made was wrong considering
how much the first to be elevated when
we talk about leadership a reputation
within the black community is often the
mix the lighter skin yeah I mean
sometimes we go for take advantage I
wasn't me I was not me so happy
especially that the woman were very
black I could foresee their beauty and
they were highly positioned as beautiful
and very loved the natural hair the
braids the shaven head it really
celebrated the uniqueness of beauty and
black women in ways we often don't see a
mainstream media and the child's mother
Ramon de Ramona that woman all her
jewelry features silhouettes of African
women so much of this movie was a
celebration of black women and their
power within it it was just yes yes yes
which leads me to the third theme
Wakanda was everything and we all just
want to pontificate about how close to
that reality can we get to that in a
modern-day Africa an African nation with
no plastic weeds
oh my god would be a great guy for that
what it really was just so much
beautiful hair even in the city shot I
was just like yeah they got the crochet
you know that that was something that
really stuck with me when I went to West
Africa because you know we don't been
through the struggle with the 4c hairs
and always hearing that well maybe it's
just more time
with curly hair the well you know I'm
talking about texture discrimination so
I was thinking I'm one of the countries
where everybody got hair like me it's
just gonna be a celebration cuz I just
expected to see a lot of women who knew
how to take care of their hair and well
I mean they had my hair texture this
really ain't the video now where we
deduce why this is a thing but
hallelujah tambourine is because the
hair is beautiful uniquely stout in
Wakanda and I loved the structure of the
city breath again I was definitely
graded by the push to present a cry as
like I'm a tribalist at a similar two
cities in Europe or America because in
in a lot of ways they portrays the land
and the people and the buildings of
Wakanda the infrastructure just so
beautifully incorporated the land and
the culture and it doesn't look like any
given City and the globalist economy
Hong Kong had like 7-eleven the
McDonald's on my every corner literally
every corner I'd be so over going to
cities and being like oh this is just a
cleaner quieter version of New York or
London can I have a distinct culture
please
then we'll condom that was constructed
hit the nail on the head the colors the
patterns the fashions that when we talk
about wealth and Africa or any part of
the Diaspora it always relies on the
white gaze and promoting a very
ostentatious personal wealth this seems
so different yet tangible that at least
architectural II I hope to see this
somewhere on the continent of Africa the
dress of the characters showed so much
thought that in every one of us can walk
out a black panther and see a piece of
our cultures represented the King's
Council all represented various African
ethnic groups as intelligent and wise
mbaku was definitely in Nigeria I'm not
gonna embarrass myself trying to do it
in Baku challenge when he said I said we
will not have it all hit it like a good
Nigerian uncle I mean even though the
actor who I know all y'all think it's
fine I let's roll my eyes at his
Japanese girlfriend cuz we're a girl huh
Winston Duke has said that the Jabari
took inspiration from Omega sci fi the
patron saint for eternity of hope type
ISM even though the Jabari worshipped
the gorilla God and our night
I would have said they were more alpha
output of eternity of Nigerian Americans
still debate me on this just enjoy the
Black Panther theme step shows at pro
base we're gonna see for the next year
Winston did a great job as in Baku
though even with a little bit of lines
right he was hilarious and easy on my
eyes go mad with the girlfriend know
what make it to Chawla look short and
all the characters just really made the
chocolate looks off I don't know if that
was intentional or not I enjoyed how
they structured the government because
it doesn't look like anything we see in
the Western world and it did not need to
that we think the American version of
democracy is the ideal government that
other country should model just plays
into the composting endeavors of our
country but when we think about makanda
and the context of potentially being
real we also have to be critical of what
what kind of represents historically to
childless family has been around for six
generations that means what kind of
stood around during the slave trade the
scramble to Africa that led to the
causation of most of the continent and
the pillaging of the native people to
world war that was particularly
exploitative of East Africa apartheid in
South Africa's neighboring countries the
decolonization movement and the
subsequent assassination of its leaders
through wine and genocide the whole
history of Sudan aids Ebola Eritrea bruh
we haven't even touched the Americas
that's north and south cuz the slave
trade was vast and far-reaching the
Haitian Revolution bro the crisis
profiteering that happens in every black
country civil war civil rights Jim Crow
I'm just tying in my haven't even
touched our what kind of willfully
turned a blind eye to all this was
manifested into chocolates decision to
leave in jail boo son kill monger behind
and to abandon his own blood deny his
legitimacy and effectively stripping
kill monger of access to his own people
his culture his home but if we kind of
had played an active role in defending
Africa and Africans could it have become
great they protected their borders and
stopped warfare by disappearing so in
the same way that I say what Conda did
the Diaspora just dirty I don't even
know if he couldn't have been great if
it had to be constantly confronting
defending his borders
giving resources to others I believe
elements of Wakanda definitely could
exist because you know as I said I love
seeing this city but also what copy and
the border people we really got to get
Dan yata playing these impacts Negros
cuz he's three for three and not because
he loved the co yet but because he
betrayed Wakanda
we usually reference the village and the
bush with the condescending air and here
what copies people were intelligent
elite warriors and I'm sure their houses
were lit when I was in the village
outside a so-called a in Togo I was
thinking about dag how would I make
these people's lives better and I had a
real moment of white womens go because I
knew my way of living in comfort isn't
going to make their lives inherently any
better I'm simply pushing upon them a
Western ideal that doesn't consider how
they live and how to preserve the land
and what Conda has many crucial elements
at defy a Western Sensibility while
paying homage to the motherland I just I
just love it and I hope to see it in
different ways manifest in reality but
what kind of has a home in his sins and
it's just it's like how do you reconcile
them then do we say we're okay with the
monarchy it wouldn't be a dictator
because there is a political process
within their bylaws for him to be
dethroned but I don't have the answer
for this because I do end up conflicted
when I read these books and essays about
liberation and government and what that
should look like knowing in reality how
freedom of press is manipulated and how
it takes just one person one family
Sajit ichika Lee go for that power grab
and everything becomes a tangled mess
that's where most of our modern
governments are but I loved just seeing
what Conda in the movies and it'll be
interesting to see if any of the sequels
tackle kind of these sins of a Conda in
accord with the other countries of
Africa and the Diaspora at large not
finally I think I'm actually still sober
enough to act we sing the praises of oak
oye because she didn't even need a whole
lot of dialogue even her essence killed
the game the facial expressions home he
gave a monologue where her eyes okole
was just
and 3c give deny all the awards I'm
boycotting everything if she don't win
anything come next up we're season we
all really gotta be kneeling like what
car because it's what kind of forever
Alcoa is my sister
I love the representation I love the
vegetables there's definitely room for
criticism if you have it quite a hit
Petra Chawla mm-hmm Wow
you still huge highway even if that case
when the key at the end was real weak no
chemistry bro like me I kind of grappled
with where kill monger his story seemly
Andy why did the chocolate ever speak up
and call him family first you and I was
like damn we just really no but her to
african-american like that sick of you
and I was like okay oh really no come on
girl it's really done for and to was it
really meant to be more of a significant
motif towards the eyelid to explain
trade and subsequent relationship
between Africans African Americans and
afro-caribbeans
all the critiques that I could come up
with I wanted to talk more about the
movie and it definitely just motivated a
lot of great conversation I thoroughly
enjoy a black panther I likely will be
back to see it again it just made me
feel so good and I hope you were typing
along commenting along leaving multiple
comments I mean I probably taught a
little too fast
I tried there's gonna be captions just
catalyst video so you know you can
always hit the room I hope you were
typing along leaving multiple comments
with your opinions and I hope I didn't
talk too fast I try to slow it down but
there's least captions on this video and
I know you don't already thought up and
you're not leaving where you going
what do you think you going I got more
content for you to indulge in it's right
here for you you can watch it while you
shop smart brown girl
