hey guys it's Judy at a ridiculous shirt
line this is like the most niggas shirt
I own I want to play in a game of spade
burrow and it says I love black men I
want to say like oh okay player reunion
it was a message where that I used to
post on often we not new ADIZ they would
have like meetups because you know you
weren't sitting on the internet all day
talking negative about people so we
weren't afraid to meet each other in
real life yes um oh I'm still trying it
myself ready a little bit I hope there's
not a hum or buzz in this video because
I was editing my posture and there's a
buzzing it was like so I audio my pops
night is gonna sound a little weird but
oh no bro let's get into a get ready
with me because I'm gonna have to wear a
jacket over this shirt I'm going to auto
mechanic so in case of McKinney even
though I'm going you know actually I
don't care if it's a white boy I would
be like whatever you can handle cuz i
friended a job behind anyway alright so
we're gonna do a get ready with me
Wow see now we're two but you got my
artwork though this is a cute we got to
bring the artwork down I've been staying
here alright I think we can do this this
works
hey guys hey I'm gonna put on a little a
little lights offbeat because I am going
to the mechanic to get some stuff
checked out because I just bought a used
vehicle uh you know maybe I'm doing it
backwards by going to did I put this on
the right way no she did not do too much
all at once I got a wig thing that y'all
had been talking about the wig grip I
finally got me when and he says this
this is this is late
I'm a little late to the party but I
love this girl y'all was right thank you
okay so this is the real star though I
made my first wig when a sewing machine
it definitely took me long way longer
than 45 minutes it was all like it take
45 minutes I was nervous because I got a
big head and I didn't measure it on my
head first like I measured my head and I
actually now think that my wig head cuz
I used a 23 and a half weekend I think
my wig head is too big because I always
have a lot of like space and at first I
was it was this week head size was fine
because I wasn't always coral in my
like this sometimes I have Dukey braids
underneath and when I have Dukey raised
yeah that extra give is good but this is
like you know I think I can pinch some
of it you know like it leaves a little
bumpy in my hand
but when I was sewing on a sewing
machine I was just worried about my
big-ass head and all I did was put it on
a dome cap and so the frontal down
because I followed the Erica Jenkins
wear except for she doesn't sew her
frontal down first she sold it down
after she puts all her tracks to the
sewing machine and I think I might
actually look I'm like a church lady
look I'm like a Deaconess okay I look
like somebody unsee what won't unsee
name is but I make a good cornbread
jiffy mix with some frozen corn kernels
in there six and a dash of sugar we own
it alright so what we're gonna do is
we're gonna ruin the two hours it took
me to wanna curl this cuz I was trying
to be patient like peach mill and we're
gonna comb it out we're gonna brush it
down to a point okay that's what we're
going is there still a clip in here I
wanted to go for like that retro look so
I did the same thing again where I sold
the shortest track on the bottom and the
longest track on the top and it actually
clearly fits my head snugly so typically
when I make my wigs I measure the
frontal and then I mark the cat where I
sew it on and Erica's method was to just
put the dome cap on the wig head and
pull the back of it and pin it down and
then just so your your frontal shot on
the front and it actually like it's it
fits a little bit differently than had I
measured it but it still fits okay you
know we're just giving a little bit of
unti tease right now and we're gonna
figure this out in a second okay oh so
do we hand separate them or do we comb
them out or do we hand separate them or
do we comb them out we're gonna cut them
okay we're gonna comb to the base
because isn't this essentially like oh
okay yeah that's what we were going for
I think this is the look okay
hey you know my work is coming through
you have to Mitch I'm feeling myself a
yes all right
we might have to I even put the little
you see that little thing you see that I
did that I put a little clip there hit
it wow this is not the wig that I'm
wearing at YouTube black I just got to
figure out what hair I'm gonna wear okay
but let's get into the hair that this is
this is you like hair it is the its EULA
hair I believe this is their Indian body
way
they actually Loki set me the wrong
length cuz I requested a 14 16 and an
eighteen bundle and an 18 inch frontal
but I sent me a 14 16 and a 20 its
bundle which actually you know that's
not a problem could still work with it
if Glee the only thing was the frontal
itself like the hair was a decent amount
wavier then the frontal but that tends
to always happen because when you have
to ventilate hair it's just not going to
be as textured as the bundles and so you
know yes alright so this is kind of what
I wanted
pretty much we don't do baby hairs we
don't because we're not probably baby
hair brigade I mean according to my last
video I possibly could be but I just
don't want to glue this down to my head
I plucked it a little bit but plucking
tires my arms so does every wig need to
be pulled back though it me we can look
weak we could we can pull it back sis we
can pull it back indeed alright but um I
bet you did something it took me a good
five hours to sort of stay on a sewing
machine because I was so nervous about
and then because I sewed the front along
first the hair kept getting caught in
the sewing machine I'm broke I have a
retro so I mentioned that I broke it I
went to Target about $110 won then
finished it on that way but if I did it
all over again I would probably
follow Erica's tutorial a little bit
more and so the frontal on after I saw
the tracks on so the hair is not getting
caught in like everything this kinda
gets tangled around the foot the presser
foot and then the back end where the
needle is and then the one I have has
like an automatic needle thread out
anyway use a net like follow the thread
over and thread it through that dag
needle hole it's not that difficult see
is I probably could have brought the
front hole down a little bit more on the
wig head when I sewed it down because
it's it's like right on my hairline but
since I don't have any intentions of
really ever going this wig down we okay
with this I do want to cut a little bit
of fiber and here did our I redid wow we
already got an ear tab okay and she's in
there and she's curled so I bought a
used car and it is making me so nervous
I bought a 2010 Toyota Corolla girl I'm
just not used to buying I don't give me
a bucket but I was not you I'm not used
to driving in back it's like I'm a
little off her booze you know but I'm
trying to like I keep saying I have all
these products working on but since
we're self producing the podcast I just
wanted to have a cash reserve a liquid
asset reserve that I could put towards
actually ensuring that this podcast gets
put out this year because they're
starting cost that we have to cover
ourselves I'm and hopefully you know the
podcast will be successful and we will
be reimbursed those costs but in the
meantime in between time you know you
just gotta be smart about it so I can't
be out here spend it on my monies or I
don't want to take out a car that I had
to finance and like I had this really
high car payment and so you know I'm
like being a very smart ecumenical did I
use that word correctly probably not but
we're sticking with it that's what I'm
trying to be so I got me a little it's
not really a bucket it's just a used car
and I'm just stressed because you know I
don't know about cars so when I
will look at a car to go by and I'm just
gonna take your word is it a good car
yeah if this will save this was the last
for 200k miles it has 76,000 on it and I
got triple-a I got an extended warranty
from triple-a I got regular and car
insurance you know the girls be using
the
the hot comb I don't think that I don't
think it'd really be doing nothing but
you know what did that do we don't know
but let's get into putting some makeup
on our face we're just going to the
literally we're gonna take the car to
the mechanic just because I literally
just bought the car and I know yeah you
could take a mechanic when you go look
at the car I don't know no mechanics I
don't know nobody here like that so what
we fittin to do is go to the mechanic
and whatever he says needs like a little
there's nothing wrong with the car but I
do think I need new spark plugs low key
so we're gonna go to the mechanic he
won't tell me anything that I need to
make sure the dealership give me because
I want the car to be something new
that's not usually how it works but
that's why I went to like a real Toyota
dealers because they want good
reviews and if you buy par from like a
franchise dealership like that they're
nothing they won't screw you over but
they're way less likely to yeah I'm just
doing it backwards and I'm going to take
my car to the mechanic after I've
already signed the paperwork to purchase
the car just to make sure but you know
so we're gonna go run some errands today
all right slipped a little bit concealer
on and I'm sure I forgot what I want to
talk about
we went over some areas today I am a
little nervous about this used car that
I bought cuz I'm just not used to
driving in an old car you know every
time I do the Presley cars from like
Mazda I currently have a Mazda 6 and
then right outside right now that sucker
is beautiful let me tell you they give
me the 2018 all the bells and whistles
cars be like that car I think is $35,000
MSRP and so I'm used to driving in cars
like that so when I go to even when I
Drive rentals I'm always kinda like is
this normal is this how the car supposed
to sound my god something wrong with it
and then when I have bought the holiday
I bought a brand new Honda with all the
tech in it and so even that car you know
that's another reason why I didn't want
to get a more expensive car because
North Carolina in you know I knew this
when I was looking into moving here what
the health care was gonna be like
non-existent Oh
health insurance I mean is not existent
because yeah we're publicly they're
gonna be Republicans and we're in the
south there's not really a southern
state I can move to so what do y'all
have going on in life thus far thank you
to everyone who commented on my last get
ready with me where I was like talking
about just like the stress of even
considering grad school and going
through the whole like kind of
perspective interest process I mean it's
still pretty stressful but I'm pretty
certain at this point that I'm going to
go ahead and at least apply there is no
guarantee that I will get in but I'm
definitely gonna go ahead and go through
with the application process and fully
vet myself just to see because I'm okay
with the idea of going to school I'm
just not okay with where I would
potentially have to live for three years
you know that's a big commitment for me
that I gotta live in one place I mean
the summers I can move to wherever I so
you know hopefully this year in
Charlotte goes well so that wherever I
move to for school if I do end up going
to school that I can still kind of keep
Charlotte as somewhat of a home base and
come back during the summer time because
I knew the research that I want to do is
about southern black women anyway so I
would need to come back South and North
Carolina like has a lot of history you
know I'm my own like family genealogy at
some point in time weaves its way
through well every black person in
America basically has history in either
North Carolina or South Carolina to all
of us you know at some point in time I
would be inclined to come back here I'm
actually getting the hang of this goof
proof pencil and yeah and oh dude can
you tell I got doing bitch she's doing
someone commented saying I love you girl
but your eyebrows is looking a little
caterpillars and you know what all love
do and respect I really appreciate you
being a good friend cuz it takes a good
friend to pull you to the side tap on
the shore they'll be like sis I say this
will all do love and respect but um
that's not cute you know you wasn't out
here having me out here in the streets
with my browsers looking at all sorts of
furry caterpillar ish in a cocoon thank
you
you was right and now we got it together
you see this I ended up going to idolize
the brows at South Park moms because it
was coming in I don't know that I really
like the way they did my brows but it
was conveniently located because I
happened to be in the mall I also got my
nails did now just gotta get my teeth
clean I have a dentist appointment next
week I was call around dense dense this
is a neighbor like oh yeah we have
openings the third week of December and
I'm fine
the only thing I have to get used to is
this is a darker color it's a five I
think some of the stuff he sent me in
here is a three yeah he sent me a
smaller one that's a three and I
probably should start trying this one
this does make my brows like darker
everyone that recommend it Leah Harper
yes I know who she is job commended a
year ago to me I have watched more
videos
you know when I went to UPenn um well
you know Heather Foster acknowledged
that she knows who she is Kimberly had
tweeted me that I should look into the
history program at hardware makes sense
though because when it comes to like the
academia the Academy of african-american
history you know Carter G Woodson did
kind of start that at Howard
so the Higginbotham's is that how you
say they name the black people in the
hell away but they like the they're like
the head covenants of african-american
history they're all at Howard I was she
was naming another professor in general
I do have a homeboy who's the one that's
been in my ear Oh Sharon has been in my
ear about going to grad school about
making sure that I read up on Marxism
and yo liberalism he stays send to me
 to read I be like brothers order
like five books and you send me a PDF of
a 300 page book about black women and
porn and sexual liberation I'm a skim
that ish that's what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna learn how to skim it he's not
highlighted most of it anyway somebody's
read his highlighted parts and skim the
rest well I'm gonna read E but they'll
be like let me get one the books in his
first please he was also saying
that I should look into
interdisciplinary programs because I
will have more I have a better reach as
to how I want to how do you say it like
not in this area the research that I do
but then in how like I write about my
research and what is accepted like how
my opinions on my research are accepted
it won't be so should narrow silo of
what is accepted as academic writing
based on my research if I did it it's an
interdisciplinary program anyhow anywho
it all basically comes down to let's go
back to oldie but goodie this Mack
Lovejoy's shimmer I've never finished a
whole thing of blush he was saying that
like you know yeah it's true that if a
professor likes you that you know
they'll do really well with him but it's
a if and he's like his history programs
regardless of the race of the professors
just tend to be notoriously elitist and
stuffy and he's like Harvard is
definitely one of those places but that
if I did gender or race studies
interdisciplinary then I'd be better off
but that's also why I like vind about so
much because there's a professor that I
want to work with name is Rhonda
Williams she has it's not her book is
the public housing book hers so a lot of
her research is around black women in
public housing and I was sort of
negating this idea of like when we talk
about cities and like Chicago's high
murder rate and nobody's talking about
black-on-black crime how historically
black women in particularly single black
women have been and what they've been up
against policy wise as they try to
advocate for their rights within
projects within the project within
project housing systems did i just trip
over all my worries right there so i'm
trying to say doesn't make sense any who
is kind of in line with where i'm going
and you know i called called her last
week cuz i've been to van der bell but
she was on sabbatical cuz she just got
hired from Case Western and she was very
nice
I must say she was very nice on the
phone and a lot of times you party
people and I was talk call and get her
even her email cuz I wasn't listening
site even though I could have figured
out look I'm Mike Lai's your friend but
whatever um she was a doll she was very
sweet so I'm gonna email her and I'm
probably gonna go back out to be in your
belt and I'll go to Emory obligatory ly
I'll go to New York and look at Columbia
Records okay and I guess we'll check out
Harvard I don't really have fake that I
can get into Ivy League program hey Lucy
well we just tryna find schools with
funding money because that's what we
need this hair really is like a you know
I look like a fat ass snatch waistline
and this wig
what is wit can we talk about this
though this is maybe what we need to
discuss cuz the grad school stuff I'm
not gonna bore y'all with there I'm just
gonna focus on it and we're gonna get
over it and it's gonna be alright but a
little bit of gloss yeah I do own the
bomb.com this actually works on your
lips but I always use it on my skin the
ridiculous insecurities that like lately
manifest right so yes I'm following
Massey heiresses ma 60-day work plan
it's my second work plan that I'm meal
plan workout plan that I bought from her
I have the MA 30 day but I didn't I
never completed that one cuz I didn't
buy it when she was doing actively doing
the challenge so there's like a Facebook
group and people were actively like post
and the group post their updates and
like it just it's a good support like to
keep you in check
so we're going into week three last week
I missed two workouts and I don't know
how this week is gonna work because I'm
gonna be in DC for a week but I'm gonna
eating wise I kind of fell off the wagon
yesterday like Sunday was a really bad
eating day for me I think I'm under my
calorie intake which isn't necessarily
good I'm doing well with the foods like
I don't miss eating other things it's
just when I go out to eat or I'm out
with friends it's hard to you know about
on the actually I went to brunch
yesterday at sapelo honey cafe and I had
that mountain harvest Bowl and I felt
really good about myself but there were
way more carbs in that bowl than I
should have eaten it
is that I've been doing the workouts I
enjoy doing the workouts I just don't
enjoy working out does that make sense
like the workouts don't be that bad it'd
just be 20 minutes of cardio it's just
getting it's just the process of getting
into the little exercise I got mother
about but other than that like the
workouts are fine
I look look at this a natural she's
natural all that to say I haven't latent
insecurities
you know low-key I do my makeup like
someone who would shop at glossier
except for I just don't like the price
of like invisible makeup I seen the
reason I don't really shop and I have
quite a few homegirls who are big
glossier fans and I just I've been a
glossier with them and I'd be like I'm
not paying $80 for a lip stain but this
supposed to be a lip stain but to get
back to what I was saying my
insecurities I really realize I have a
slight insecurity about having a
snatched waistline and I could make
jokes about it but it's not even about
being skinny
it's about being proportionate and I
think Ohio
this is definitely a product a byproduct
of social media but you only talk about
body positivity or like plus-size are
fuller size women always like very
proportionate women and that they have a
narrow waist and maybe they have a
bigger bust and broader shoulders but
their waist is always narrow and their
hips are always wide and I currently am
shaped a little bit more like SpongeBob
SquarePants with a butt and a good buy
can I be like my waistline then cause
you know my waist is still like a good
10 inches wider than my out my hips not
my waist my hips are still a good couple
of inches wider than my gut but you know
it's not giving the optical illusion
that everybody else be giving on
Instagram now I know a lot of it is
liposuction ease I know because you can
always tell it like ain't no plastered
and good enough to hide a liposuction
you could always sell out a belly way
it's a lot more pigmented than I thought
because I thought a lip stain would be
much more like mm-hmm let's try I've had
these old lashes for forever let's see
if I can get these on my eyes
but this sort of like I think the way
this is seeped into my mind though is
that regardless of my size it's not so
much my size that bothers me it's that
my waist isn't proportionate and like
somehow it's manifested that leg it's
like late it like hot in the back of my
mind it's not the top of my head but
like oh I'll be more liked or I'll be
more popular or people will like me more
if I had a better figure if I had a more
proportionate figure and I don't
necessarily want bigger tits though
either it's literally just like if my
waistline was smaller people would like
me more and it's not even just the idea
that men would like me more like yeah
that's part of it but it literally is
that like maybe more opportunities would
come my way like I could sell better I
could walk into the room and just have a
better era of confident if I had a
snatched waistline and I think part of
why that is for me like why insecurity
was even allowed to like fester is
because I am very well aware that I have
a very I don't think I have a very
masculine energy but like I you know I
follow astrology and my birth chart says
that I tend to have very masculine
traits and I think I do I think a lot of
is that people might critique my
personality and the way that I move
through society is that I do have a very
strong sort of aggressive personality I
would I definitely don't have a calm
quiet personality and so I want to
harness my feminine power more and
somehow that that desire to have a
stronger feminine presence has resulted
in like taking on this insecurities
about my waistline and also its kind of
is an insecurity about like am i
graceful I'm too old to be getting more
insecure about things like what is
happening here that's where I've landed
I was talking to someone who's also in
airings and I was kind of surprised
because like I see her as someone who
does come off as very feminine and like
you know like I like her aura and she
literally looks like I'm on you know
like I have this Jesus hang-up about
like people can never tell when she
likes them or not because they always
just think that like she's not
interested she thinks the probably
problem is that she doesn't come across
and it's like how I'm attaching certain
can't like I'm trying to think like em
are we attaching certain ways that we
view ourselves to the ways that society
views gender like is there something
deeper happening here do I really need
to work on my them and I guess from me
my femininity is really more about
working on my vulnerability and being a
person who can let things go I have a
really bad temper right now and I don't
know what's going on like my temper is
non-existent I have a very short I would
say a very very short temper because I
don't really raise my way so people but
I will hang up the phone I will be like
you're not gonna talk to me like this
I'm over this conversation have a good
day and I feel myself getting frustrated
and why don't I see frustration as a
part of my feminine name the cheek okay
why don't I see my frustration as part
of my feminine self like why is that
maybe I need to interrogate that more I
need to journal more that's for sure
give me my little purse I look out upon
the little place somebody it haze them
up there in the girls Hall I look like
I'm the Dean of pleasures ready for the
probe a I don't know do y'all have any
insecurities that you feel like are
manifesting lately and when you think
about them what do you think they're a
larger part of right because I think
most insecurities that we develop
especially as adults always stem from
something else like my desire to have it
snatched waistline and my insecurities
about my body image is directly attached
to how I view things happening on social
media now not that the insecurities
wouldn't be there without social media
but I think that it becomes much more of
a thing because of social media and then
it's also then attached to the way that
I view my femininity how I view the need
to work on or harness my feminine energy
that part of that is being dictated by
what I view on social media like really
the higher end of it is when I think
about feminine energy I want to be able
to cuss you out what I'll say in
anything oh we're gonna be nice I'd
never strive to be a nice person that's
the whole nother video and it'd be nice
if something you say about a person when
you don't have anything else to say
about them but Ally enough like I don't
really want to be a nice person I do
want to be a kind person I do want to be
a gracious person but I don't want to be
a person that you know don't take
advantage of me like don't
come to me don't try me but I want to be
that without it being I want to be like
a oh yeah they don't make no sense but
that's what goes on in my head I don't
make it clear that I'm not deducing
being feminine to like very basic things
like feminine to me it's not about
whether I wear sneakers or heels
feminine to me is more about like a
presence that you project regardless how
you dress for me working on my
insecurities and therefore acknowledging
my feminine aura is really more about
working on my vulnerability yeah we've
been here before right because I have a
video about emotional maturity and
vulnerability from like 2015 it's been a
whole three years girl um I will tell
you emotional maturity you can get a
little lonely and I think that's pretty
much oh this is not all my eye at all
but you do you ain't do nine-time you
kill ok this eyelash ah no because we
can't be rocking up trying to get a
discount from somebody with an eyelash
hanging off all right this is it all the
details on the hair will be down below
in description box
it is EULA hair I have a frontal and two
and a half bundle most of the 20 inch
bundle is actually left and I don't know
if I'm gonna sell this wicker and I I
don't know I'm kind of proud of it and I
think actually my mom's had a small
event line like if anything I would give
this wick to my mom cuz I think this
would be she wanted colored though my
mom I don't like dark brown hair say how
does I'm Tom Wright I'd have to do
something else but I'm feeling nice I'll
always thanks for joining the key it's
always a good time and I will highlight
you all later do this
