one of the most dangerous elements of
45's presidency is happening right under
our nose directly undermining black
women well I personally impact African
American and other minority communities
but it is something we as voting
constituents have sway in we just have
to be aware of what's happening the
judicial branch of our government it's
one of the areas of the average of Mary
Kane is less familiar with we know
there's a Supreme Court might not really
understand the trajectory that it takes
to get there can you name the other
levels of the courts in your state
attract the court I think most of us
know that Civil District Court of
Appeals Oh before I lose you let's
really back to this administration so if
you go into the news in the past year
and change one thing we've all heard
about as a spike in coverage of Trump
laws being challenged by federal court
and as we've mentioned the federal judge
in Hawaii but the president's travel ban
on whole a federal judge blocking the
Trump administration's decision to end
the dreamers program is involving the
Trump administration a federal judge in
California has blocked Trump
administration US judge on Tuesday
blocking president Donald Trump's latest
version of the travel ban nationwide I
think if you ever took a history merican
history class you do learn about checks
and balances and the judicial branch of
our government is the last kind of wing
of the checks and balances and that
there's a presidency who's been checked
by the Congress then the courts kind of
come in when necessary so if judges
matter if judges can sway things that
impact our livelihood our day-to-day
living our ability to even exist and
live in this country then the
representation of said judges also
matters fifty-eight black women have sat
on the bench of federal courts in the
entire history the federal courts being
a saying in the United States of America
156 black men 312 white women and 2911
white men with the vastness of this
country I mean America is a big
beautiful diverse land that means many
jurisdictions have never even sat a
woman on the bench let alone the dearth
of black
woman on the bench huh what a country Oh
America reminds you in the history of
our federal courts twenty-six of whom
were appointed by one Barack Hussein
Obama that means in the last twelve
years of the black women who ever sat on
the bench were appointed by one
president while 45 of a course has
appointed while he's appointed no black
women
however he has scuffled through some of
the most unqualified candidates we have
ever seen in recent years and yes you
should be concerned welcome gentlemen
congratulations you can just raise your
hand on this one if you will have any of
you not tried a case to verdict in a
courtroom mr. page have you ever tried a
jury trial
I have not civil no criminal no bench no
stay at our federal court
I have not by the way man what what
could alone are you where is privilege
by white you bravely by white people
Amen stop smelling like discrimination
and lack of representation it was some
privilege by white people 26 black women
who Obama appointed where as
successfully confirmed to federal
judgeships it is still egregious some of
the treatment that black women
candidates who were nominated by Obama
received as they were blocked by the
Republican senators for instance Linda T
Walker and Natasha produced Silas both
were nominated to fill vacant judge
shifts in the Northern District of
Georgia in 2011 could not receive
support from their Georgia senators
the senator is that you elect here's the
guy most senators believe that the
American voters the general population
is not paying attention to the judicial
nomination process there's a belief that
there's a lack of awareness that the
president nominates a person for the
federal courts they then pass through a
Senate Judiciary Committee for a hearing
and vote and if they pass that then they
go straight to the Senate for a vote
it's literally like a flick of the wrist
or the blue slip and you're out and some
of the black
who were up for nominations couldn't
even get reasons why most prominently
this was the case in North Carolina
where there's been a long-standing
vacancy in the district courts as
senators don't even bother to explain
why it would not support Obama's
nomination of Jennifer May
Parker for the hell of it they actively
insisted on blocking Patricia Timmons
Goodson's nomination and now headed to
the Senate floor is a nomination of a
far-right conservative candidate named
Thomas far very important if you've ever
heard anything in the news about North
Carolina courts as North Carolina has
battled up through the Supreme Court
about the right to redline and
gerrymander and other ultra-conservative
battles to dismantle civil rights this
is a contentious fight that far has
championed for the conservative movement
he is a moral poison as Time magazine
places it and if senators are allowed to
hold their belief that Americans are not
paying attention to the judicial process
there is nothing stopping him or others
so the question is what do we do now
Lord it's committee of civil rights
under law
it's partnering with smart brown girl to
raise awareness and support the
communities that are most likely to be
disenfranchised by this lack of
oversight on who our judges are not only
are we most likely to be disenfranchised
but also because there's a conversation
to be had about supporting smart brown
girls and young black women who are
pursuing their law degrees who are
trying to become judges and how we vote
for them how we as a community can
provide support to encourage these young
women to pursue the bench so now it's
about us mobilizing we raise awareness
and let our senators know that no matter
the state we live in we are paying
attention as more news sites are
covering the judicial nominations like
Slate Fox New York Times of course The
Washington Post they are doing more
informative videos on Facebook and
YouTube snippets from hearings are being
heavily publicized you do not have to go
digging and too far to be kept abreast
you can start with the nomination of
Thomas bar and
all your senator today and that you do
not support the nominations of Thomas
far to United States District Court of
the Eastern District North Carolina all
the details on how to make that call or
the description box down below let your
voice be heard and even if for right now
we aren't able to stop these judges
being appointed what does happen is that
election cycle 2018 is coming around and
if we can be impactful if we start
paying attention and if we let it know
that our voices are out here we as
community are not going to allow these
things to slide it will come up in the
next election cycle not just for your
Senators but also will be more mindful
about who the judges that are being
nominated for spate courts are and
that's how you start working the cycle
up to federal and district nomination do
you know any black women judges in your
County if you do like name check them
down below this I currently believe
there's like seven black women running
in the upcoming Dallas election six of
them are deltas so if you're like me and
a person who like is inclined to want to
know more but some of the legal jargon
and like how you say things like is it a
judgeship the bench I'm gonna do my I
had to do my Google's for this video if
you want to learn more about how Supreme
Court rulings work I have come to a
better understanding of like why any of
this really even matters there is a
podcast that I absolutely love help more
perfect you'll learn how Supreme Court
rulings heavily impact our livelyhood
edge my below to know that a civil
rights case from I believe North
Carolina North Carolina it really be
I think there's any better podcast out
it is informative engaging and enjoyable
and you definitely walk away learning
something links are down below in the
description box and of course for more
smart brown girl content always be sure
to subscribe click that bells of
notifications thumbs up you can come to
shirt to this is
