I am blessed to be african-american this
is not about me being better than anyone
I'm not blessed because of what I'd
rather be blessed because I look to
downplay other cultures attempting to
stand on top of them to make myself feel
better I'm somebody blessed because I am
what I am I accept that I am proud of
that and I seek every blessing from that
as you should too
I am blessed to be a part of the African
Diaspora I'm less than my ancestors
survived the transatlantic slave trade
they survived the toll of being African
slaves whose labor about the Americas
into a formidable power they survived
slavery the nadir lynchings kidnapping
the Jim Crow a capitalistic
infrastructure that at every decade has
found a new way to attempt to snuff them
us women will not only survive they
blossomed into a new culture about Tiye
manifestations the language the food the
music the beat the heart in context
there's always this fraught conversation
about African Americans not being able
people our culture that we are lost and
somehow our cultural newness makes us
less than but the transatlantic slave
trade was a vast system that not only
brought kidnapped Africans to Americas
as slaves it disrupted a large swath of
West into Central Africa it shifted
ethnic lines as people devised ways to
simply survive whether it's the towns
around the slave castles were mulatto
children of the European slave castle
governors bled back into African
societies creating a new class or as
people were kidnapped from one region
repatriated to another stop making it
back from the bonds of slavery in
America to a new home on the coast of
Africa others born in a particular
region though they were at the time not
of the same identity Kowal East more
firmly into a singular ethnic identity
so that they were better able to fight a
war against a threat of the slave trade
all of that in consideration so many
were touched and there's not any shame
in the shit or the suppose newness of
the african-american identity I'm
blessed because I love the rich history
and culture that I come from you know I
especially love the food this way the
folks in the Chesapeake season and crack
they crabs we're both one of the 1800s
was home to the largest community of
free blacks or if the rights and over
editions of South Carolina the low
country the geechie and the Gullah the
hosts of the largest population of
slaves in America
a shining resilience of being bloody but
unbowed the distinct flavors of barbecue
from Kentucky and Tennessee and Carolina
go down to Texas the Creole and crawfish
flavors of Louisiana all our
great-grandmother's times ain't kept
black-eyed peas and their bosom and
crafted a new way to stew them ham off
our turkey night
Oh your choice the music that manifested
banjos out of the memories of Korres
created the blues and escape for the
juke joints away from the racial terror
raining down on an African Americans in
the 1900s shifted the drums of the Congo
to blend into the sorrow of Blues
bringing us jazz the foundation on which
a multitude of genres derive and now we
can look at the vast influence of
hip-hop the historically black
University and colleges the HBCUs with
the untouchable marching bands and
majorettes the black leadership it has
spawned that being the first of many
including presidents of African nations
K Delta Zetas and Zora the cues of
sigma's and even the I Otis
we were lynched the horror of black
bodies hanging from trees and took the
duplicity of that image
knowing the Son of God was hung on a
stake for the crowd to look upon and
turn to our faith jazz piano and
Catholic masses of the Louisiana bayou
the African Methodist Episcopal with the
Zion or not the gospel music brewing out
of the belly of the Baptist to the
prostrating and holy spirit of the
Pentecostal or the coaches
even in that our prayer calls to God or
culturally unique family reunions and
barbecues with potato salad that is on
mashed line dances Thank You Beverly
Earth Wind and Fire and maize I am
blessed to be a part of a culture that
has participated in a cultural exchange
across diaspora for centuries
sharing the fight towards liberation and
civil rights and decolonization the
movement of black laborers throughout
the Caribbean eastern coast of the US
carrying their sounds and flavors that
can be seen from jazz to hip-hop the
activists and again the liberators there
is much to be proud of that stands on
its own two feet propping up the
distinct culture of African Americans it
does not need to seek validation from
others nor does it need to be little
because when you can see the blessings
from within you then can see the
blessings and others you understand how
you are distinct and yet how you
intersect and how each culture of the
African Diaspora can be respected and
celebrated for the heritage they each
carry and blessed in the African
American I'm blessed because I can't fit
everything about my culture that is
great into this video it is a blessing
to be a part of the community that I was
born in let me know how you are blessed
to be from your culture and give us a
thumbs up if you are proud of your
culture we got a culture and a lot of
people who say African American culture
we do and now I'm Issa black
