hey YouTube world alright so Jules II
Here I am doing I cut my hair and shaved
my sides I lost friends I grew an
audience
it was Yolanda Rene who told me I should
start doing get ready with me videos
reported get ready with me video I'm
actually going to talk through as I have
had my makeup which guarantees if this
video to me a stupid law and I explained
what it was well who has a pretty
decorated house for like the background
yeah girl I got an intern too great a
lot of my body ok much true now man
actually I put up some shelves dry
Carolyn blank handles like hang the
Christmas tree lights on my back over
the update look you guys know the
sequence with that dress right there so
that should be enough for you that's the
most that we're not going to do I made
friends of youtube appliances did my
first collab with Evelyn
oh great okay I'm okay DC I've battled
loneliness so I started talking about
mental health that video it was hard for
me to put it out there it is a bit more
of me being vulnerable and open about
things that no but I think the response
and how that helps other people is
weight greater than someone trying to
take a bigot I go exhaust it and then
went kaboom but I just talk about types
of discrimination and kind of my
frustrations with being rather naturally
activity or not feeling like on Friday
now Erica bd5 a natural hair community
to be full of swindle
I was blackballed by penny at releases
but I don't eat Chuck reduces by my
stride with my brown girls I discovered
my roots 10% less African you are I know
Dan but like you're praised have any
words before the mainstream found there
like with Lena wait Busia
on a stream with me right now yes um she
is a wife - super nice Wayne you know
who you all what your background is
Chicago talk about DC look to the
stars and discovered the universe moved
to Houston and started pops night
without the clean crank and out of the
claim it came along eventually
I made it to my new city there so
welcome to haha I look crazy in plenty
of videos and I found people my wigs no
longer sat so damn high it all took off
from there I feel especially proud of my
work in the past two years 2016 was
trashed through that rice in 2017 has
been an out-of-body level of stress from
all these outside factors I'm constantly
fighting the urge to just sweep through
it all
but I have still found my grace and it's
been in you it has provided a level of
inspiration of joy and peace that is so
invaluable especially in these times
because of that I have no desire to
focus on growing my audience I'm not
worried about my number of subscribers
being on YouTube also manifests a lot of
blatant insecurities I didn't know I had
my teeth my speech my weight my
gesticulation causing me to lean on
material objects to asadulin security
due to success it's kind of made of
vapid pettiness and easy to digest think
about an accessibility to broader
audiences that's not what I am or what
I'm about my subscriber count is not the
focus I'm good where I am at where it's
deep estoppel is critical it's a
dialogue I am assisting on being a
representation of the ubiquity of black
womanhood reminding you that it's all
within you I want to work more on our
personal connection I'm okay with not
being poverty for everyone I wanna be
beautiful to you I understand where my
voice means and the ability to amplify
my voice in ways I just never saw coming
I'm just so happy it is here I'm
thankful for having this platform I'm
thankful for you I'm thankful that I
have the access to make smart brown girl
happen thanks to Adobe Creative Cloud
for making this happen and helping me to
build a platform
in a way we don't see very open
vulnerable emotional raw I think that's
very powerful and important to see as a
government to the public that woman
being very touched the best feelings in
their emotions so I think there's a lot
going on on society leaders like mental
health just whips already visible ages I
think there's a lot that needs to be
spoken about relation to what women and
their emotions and there's me it can
help closest live
