have you ever asked yourself Jules why
is it slander to say have a seat it is a
goal to have a seat at the table that
Metta or just ridiculous what is this
table why we all try to sit there like
the one table with the cool kids at the
back of the cafeteria
when did middle school strive become
hashtag goal I'm being slightly
facetious but I do want to think about
how we view a popularly stated goal a
lot of times we state that with no
thought to what it actually means it
sounds good and profound but often when
we pick up sayings from others we excuse
ourselves some defining what they mean
for us let's define what our seat at the
table is is it table something you were
sent to your feet in the door climb the
ladder not what you know but who you
know who owns the table do you know you
have the tools to create your own table
be the blessing and the resource to
bring into your community when you look
back at movements that shifted culture
you'll find they all started with you
people finding each other working with
each other it's similar goals a similar
aspiration and they knew that the best
way to get to where they were going to
pull it out of themselves and use others
to go get it together let go of
destination syndrome even that you need
to be somewhere different exactly in
that moment to be success let go of
aspiring towards being seated at tables
that are dominated by the oppressor that
we're constructed to keep you and your
kind out know that no matter what your
station in life you are blessed and
meant to be a blessing for yourself and
to others my voice and my words are what
I am pulling out of myself as my
blessing it's my leverage what I use
with confidence and push myself forward
that's my blessing that I both use and
share come together with others in
various stages and forms and level up
the Glo UPS is not a solo venture and
it's not just about the seed construct
and on the table constructing my table
and I invite you all to take a seat
because one of us ascending isn't enough
maintaining the same barriers and
hurdles doesn't allow for innovation to
flourish and voices to be heard by the
blessing and you use the exploit and
then be that blessing to others
