you can't go put makeup on right now I
don't have no makeup or beauty you are
your natural beauty you look so cute I
love it this is my line sister Sasha
she's the other Haitian one I see I did
a video with the last station when
Natalie about being Caribbean American
you can check it'll be in the I above
you can check that video so we're gonna
play a game with Sasha gosh
arty i ran the game by you here now okay
sasha is number three and the number six
on my line she's half of me so we're
gonna play this game that i kind of my
parents it's called the end and that you
can ask it asks you intimate questions
that you asked between whoever you're
playing with so is your option to do
like friends lovers whatever i have a
link you could download the game on your
phone so i already have the first
question up we're gonna question food
yeah see someone who knows me really
well she saw a very rare form of me
pledge together what's your favorite
thing about me I love that you're snarky
but you're so smart about it like there
are certain things that you talked about
that was just you just know a lot but
you're also shady with it which I like
you like that I'm rude right describe
your first impression of me
oh that's especially when the question
that I wanted to ask you cuz I remember
the first time I met you and she was
like you know I'm not gonna let when
anybody house has to say to you
cloud my judgment of you I'm just gonna
take the time to get to know you because
one of my line sisters who I'm now the
closest with was just rude and didn't
like the love you to you my first
impression of you I feel like like we
ran in similar social circles so like I
had known of you because we were both
older will be plays we both came from
the entertainment industry
I knew you was someone who I felt like
dealt with a group of people who I
didn't think really like each other you
were in the PR circle and I always
thought like that PR circle that people
would like they were like fake friends
whatever you
like you know they were friends because
I needed to get something out of
somebody and so like they would be kind
of they would have these really weird
relationships with folks he'd just be
like I know y'all not really friends but
what do you love about me are you doing
all the great question yeah watch my
egos what did I love about you I love
that you are just generous like you give
like when I get one I like you I like
you you know I don't have any problem
but you know you you give like you give
like even you let people stay at your
house if they really need if I like you
yeah my house but that's what I do like
about you because they're Tuchman times
I've had to rough times that you just
like been there because I like you what
is about me that makes you think I
understand you cuz you are a Taurus and
my favorite thing to say about Taurus is
it's based off of my interaction with
this one like when we had so when we had
a falling out I feel like not the one
when you told me about my fingernails
she had told me I might YouTube my
youtube videos back when I was doing
hair that um the fact that I didn't keep
my nails done was a problem but now I
keep my new thing before that we had had
a disagreement I forget what it was
about it was something between me you
into you but I remember us talking about
that you're like what is what I
understand I just wanna understand how
you feel and I would and I was like
there ain't no understanding that you
know why we have alliances and I suppose
II they should understand about that
should just take everything too serious
here's the thing life is too short to be
going to bed angry angry at someone when
tomorrow
someone can pass away and anybody I
think you you strive to have an
understanding and you are patient about
it and so there's a mistake you see me
make repeatedly why do you think I keep
making it oh my gosh is this a good one
yes
why commenting on
and suppose I'd reply to comments in my
comment section your friends are getting
replying and again you're applying a
negative comments before you come all
the time I look as a former publicist
you have to learn we're just alike what
is preventing me from being becoming the
woman I want to be living in New York
Yanks listen to you I gotta get out I
think it doesn't so a lot of people uh I
mean I can it's like that tipping point
for some folks but it's also kind of
like you're also a very you know I think
it's interesting you say I'm giving I
think you're also a very accommodating
person I don't think I'm accommodating
what do you think I take for granted I'm
gonna say your health you think I take
my house or I'll come I eat bad food yes
always chop my heart so epic want me to
stop fast I thought everything was right
yes but I don't like $2,000 in any no
Chinese women ballad listen I had
Chinese food three two two two nights in
a row I just remembered I mean what can
I mean green well you was at my house in
Dallas I ate well did you newsy the same
thing
we went to the corner when you're
on vacation when your vacation I eat
anything but I don't remember eating
healthy with you in Dallas is down you
was at the farmers market every day eat
whatever Bowl and we all went and got
that vegetable Bowl from the Vietnamese
why do I feel like you ate I ate a ball
with you what about the buffet spot at
that that uh that old people
Club did we go to park yes we did go to
park
oh my gosh we went to park oh you had a
good time actually Fred
it was it was my birthday okay but now I
have a personal trainer I got a vitamin
you know what I drink a gallon of water
a day I had
vegetable based diet that makes me feel
great I think when we've gotten together
it's always been something happen to
either I'm traveling or it's my birthday
so I do eat I don't eat like this I
don't eat chicken wings okay when I
regular hey I got my tell me to stab I'm
happy about that
whatever it is what do I do that and
noisy the most do you do to me this
Illinois me we was online she was always
pack I had like this that's because I
have the good you were just you were
just stand there like this everything
was like the bags guys now first he was
nervous
we're never gonna stop stop by a number
number three I'm putting him afoot I
don't have anything presently about you
that like annoys me mostly we don't live
in the same city anymore so there's not
really a whole lot pretending what did
annoyed wait okay maybe cuz I said
something you this morning about it when
we asked that we cross you always had a
birthday to attend like everything
getting together as online I was Sasha
doing anything every time someone says
birthday to be a cell's birthday know
how to travel with you is oh my friends
are going here and like fact I always
got something going on already planned
out seven months ahead of time yes
because I'm a planner but take me
personnel whatever
listen everybody could be dropping money
going to London and do run first of all
Monday with a forty dollar trip from
Oslo and the trip to ISO is 500 hours
round trip don't play me but this is a
Willie the way my birthday's not till
March I said something to have about
going out of the country for my birthday
in March it's September and she talked
about she gonna be in Sierra Leone what
was the last time you felt resentment
towards me how do you feel about it now
resentment yeah did I resent you for
anything
you mean lately are you in and I was
like over you I mean was the last time
you thought I was that busted same way
about you was the last time we had to
have like them what we had to have a
moment I think it was I don't know I
think it was I don't even know why we
even like argue it was just so I
remember arguing with you I know I don't
remember any of the reasons why we argue
I know we've argued yeah I don't
remember either Mormon I remember the
discussion and how we talk differently
because I'm very like boom boom boom
you're like no no but I'm very blood too
but not as blunt as you I think this is
always a way that you can say certain
things without be softer about it you're
being softer about it because it's just
like this is how a person's gonna be
receptive to it you never know how much
I do feel like I understand you the
person more now ah I think so too I mean
we're I'm yeah so I mean with 24 million
cross I know we were it's like a New
York City thing across the New York City
I don't know that I think I understand
you more now yeah I think so dude to the
point that I don't even remember when I
was under you and I can't remember
either I don't think there's a
resentments like a harsh word all right
what is something you're learning from
me I do I even though you think it was
an argument I don't remember this being
like a real clear-cut argument I
remember rolling my eyes at it but I
think presentation about like keeping
yourself manicured overall that was my
nails right like keeping my eyebrows but
my nails done but more because it's
about how I present myself to a larger
audience but I think I had to find a
balance in that in that you know like
how do I find a way to present myself as
authentic to me yeah I think I mean how
do our differences enhance our
relationship
oh I think because I am very like to the
point and you're you have a little bit
more patient and being able to kind of
you start early get your point across
without being like chopping in a neck I
am really five words describe how you
think others perceive you received me
yeah Oh
miss dartle your line name no I think
the mother like motherly yeah
tell me them I like their mother all
right because I always like cautions I'm
always think about Plan B like it
happened you know how do we get out of
every yeah but it's also friends
something like that because they don't
man they don't need a mother there yeah
one more word I still think your line
name is very apt she thinks my my name
is posh I don't think I'm Luigi posh I'm
very holistic right now okay
I'm very holistic and minimalistic right
now I don't consider my feel like wet
its pouch all minimalistic but okay
like goop okay I can see that that's
very you can see it that you have
submitted your posh all right we need
three more words you don't want okay um
organize because I'm very a type-a
personality I want everything in order I
have the list uh I'm creative I tried to
think of things outside the box
I'm very artistic to artists and
creative scene but ever alright when you
come to me for help instead of your
other friends when we talk about prayer
a lot together and I'll talk to a lot of
people about prayer either because I
don't have to line up about like my
religious beliefs cuz they're either
just judgmental in a way that I'm like
you care for and I think you know you've
you've been saved but you're not preachy
about it yes like there's a middle
ground that we can yeah how do you think
we best support each other um I think
it's just like giving like I miss that
we can't eat together anymore
oh my gosh you see my eating buddy I no
longer eat meat unless it's outside the
country outside I think you can never
travel me because you're always books if
I what I do travel I will eat right so
that means we should put our j'tia
together I would go to Argentina eats
abstaining it I will eat some see how it
is
I think we support each other with food
you you have this whole new lifestyle
though but I think I still eat yeah but
we used to like eat like Willy was
online a two-for-one coupon for fish
fillets like saved us brother to for
like $2 then I found out about McDonald
I mean I think we we were we were under
pressure I already knew about my
daughters at that point we was only
eating McDonald's cuz it was a 24 hour
one we support each other in that I
don't think I never such judgmental
though yeah I think so and then we could
talk about like anything without feeling
like the person's gonna hold it over
your head yeah later on if you had to be
envious of me for one thing what would
it be I think it's your ability to not
like people and have had like arguments
with them and still be like cool with
them after because I came it's like no
you know even let me look at it you know
yeah pledging it and what happened after
the people that I just flat-out I'm like
good oh man I'm just cordial I'm gonna
be cordial with people regardless if you
want to act a certain way
you gotta me a certain way it's just
like and then the day we are women we
are over weight and I don't need to be
around on it and then that's pretty much
it
then I'm good I feel like I am out and
you kind of you're able to I'm not gonna
kiss someone's body you don't kiss
somebody's butt but I do think you're
able to still have some sort of
relationship with people with a bridges
not birds yeah I mean it's like I just
be like I can use that word for
something else I think I'm not burning
the bridge madama chop that down
what do you love most about your family
ooh like what take both of you Haitian
hoes
I don't know your families well I have
an issue I have an issue some man I met
your mama I didn't go to your house for
like Thanksgiving or something no you
didn't it was like a holiday and I was
we won't wanna wait at Raylan's house
and we went see I'm sure mommy did you
did you did you come on my skin
yes I'm starting to have a better
relationship with both my clothes sides
of my family I love most about my family
is that now we're coming to a place of
forgiveness from both sides I think
that's what it is and it's hard so yeah
and it's never really I can't figure out
what your ethnicity was like are you we
new we know what I would Natalie you are
always just more like I think well I
think our of our line sisters there's
seven of us and only myself and Alex are
african-american Wow you you're st.
Vincent and her mama tation yeah okay do
you think we still have the chemistry of
when we met no and that's a great thing
yeah no I think we both were like side i
image out of each other it was not
fine you wasn't really fun Olivia was a
lot of you wasn't not like it with me
you wasn't like it wasn't high right
cause like considering the circumstances
I think we would but I don't think it
was until after we cross I'd only think
it was I don't even think it was to act
that everything happened that you and I
got close I think there was like an
effort like oh she's my my sister and
you don't you choose families I'm gonna
deal with you I think there was a point
for both of us where I have a really
strong opinion about ethically where I
can stand with people and how we can
manage our friendships separate from
those entities yeah so yeah I think but
I think our friendship has you know
we've gotten to a point where we both
understand and trust each other yeah
yeah okay I'm sure everybody has a
mutual word yes
everyone hasn't evolved right yes it's
so true what is one thing you can't
stand
me why do you get all the I love you
questions and I yell what's wrong with
Sasha kaun yeah like yeah I'll skip to
the next one
hey where do you see us in ten years oh
we gotta be like 42 oh gosh oh my gosh
oh - hmm do you think that's when I'll
go on a trip with you I think ten years
from now we're both we will have found
the stride in our careers that we're
looking for I think you'll be doing more
advocacy really I think we're like lupus
and stuff you know we'll be in healthy
relationships with men who believe in
monogamy or at least you know believe in
co-parenting I might never find I'm not
doing as well but do you see yourself
ever having a child by yourself like
yeah absolutely I think uh no I wouldn't
do fertility I think it I'm at a point
where I'm it's kind of like well I could
just find somebody who I don't
necessarily wanna be in a relation with
what I would cope arrant with hmm my
only thing is like you got a we had me
have sex to my entire pregnancy breath
every every woman every woman who I've
known who I've had a child so this table
has had very traumatic labor experiences
and I'm just not even like think about
it bend it over and do what you gotta do
and keep my pelvic bones muscles working
correctly for this I don't want to have
a traumatic birth but I do think that I
could I do think there's a potential
that I might not be married to the
person that I have children you know I
don't think the next thing is gonna be
without some sort of hardship I am
that's kind of what I am scared of and
because things that have happened this
they tend to be just so traumatic cuz
they come out of nowhere and it's like
there's no way you get through the next
10 years on skate mm-hm so what is going
to get thrown one husband then yeah like
what's gonna happen
yeah it's hope we're all alive and
healthy that's why I'm on my aloe vera
juice right now oh why you love me we
can both get your back that's a trailing
question but I'm gonna answer it for you
I I love and I do love your quirkiness
thank you because I think you have very
specific manner isms like I can imitate
you if you had anything I don't think
everybody on our line I could imitate
but I definitely could like imitate you
and how you maneuver in situations like
I kind of know how you're gonna respond
the things and how you would react to
certain scenarios but I love I love I
love that essence about you too like you
should be laugh all the time seriously
laugh you make me laugh all the
hi and I just and it's just that the
silliest
randomest things and I wouldn't think
about that you just like you just say
and it's just I don't know it's crazy
but I do love you double away yeah
alright guys that's it I'll leave the
details down below for the game I hope
you guys enjoyed this especially was not
natural when we're online I wasn't look
at all look at this what kind of wave is
it is just type 3 hair what I don't know
what is it go girl right thanks for
watching guys this is
