oh my gosh let's see if this is working
let's hope that this road mic is working
Kalama Charla recordist insecure finale
I tried to record a while I was in
London but it just didn't happen because
I was too overwhelmed it's a medicine
not working
yeah I don't care about this yoga side
girl were you being was good let's get
into this I'm now I'm Brooklyn I'm still
down home clearly the background so I'm
not in my most comfortable setting let's
see how this guy lookin to get into it
so I appreciated that the the breakup of
this episode I liked that they did like
the 30 day what wasn't a fast-forward we
have an a 30 day preview of each of the
main characters I liked how it was
handled even though in this series I
don't feel like we've ever really gotten
an understanding of how much time has
passed I don't know that that's crucial
to the storyline but it was good that at
least this time we knew how much time
was passed and so it adds a better hella
perspective to where the characters are
intersecting and going and there were a
lot of little knives and notes and
inside jokes happening on this episode
we see you Tiffany and Eric I am I don't
need to see more of Tiffany or Derrick
but I would actually like the mass to
come off of their relationship when they
like the front like they are the ish so
Oh gentrification beginning everybody
girl we feel for you in Inglewood I
would ISA so I guess they start with
Lauren it's eat at which he falls into
situation ships it's just like bruh bruh
first of all Lawrence this Lawrence
needs to get better friends next season
we need Lawrence you know what that
would actually probably be a good plot
line because there is a commentary to be
ahead about how difficult it is to make
friends in your 30s and clues Lawrence
ain't got no good friends cuz Chad's
hilarious he's got too late scan house
kind of a friend check out the humor I
don't know what Derek is offering Derek
and evil really is Frank but they don't
neither them give good advice so wit
dairy can't we just talk about that this
up friend get this out the way cuz
they're contributing aren't really kind
of the Contras are serious but that was
like the what's happening here because
Derek says
Tiffany had a Fred at work and when they
were talking about Aparna and Colin and
Chad tumbling Lauren said he needs to
check a partner bout college let me say
go track here cuz we're talking more
Derek when we'll get back to the partner
but there it's who who's Fred then
Tiffany is supposed to be at his house
watching due north hilarious we all hate
slavery girls when they were at the race
but Kelly who caught her period like
that and Derek is grossed out by them
talking about her parasite sir if you
stick your dick in a Gucci you need to
be an all of its self cleaning abilities
and not disgusted and then when they
were like they stopped trying and then
they got drunk enough one night to try
again so like y'all not really I get not
trying because trying just means you
have sex and I started a period of time
when a woman is ovulating
so you follow a calendar versus just
kind of having sex when they fit let's
try this to you but the way they said it
kind of implies it like where are they
not having sex Carl
Derek is just weird the dude was
bougie-ass black folks like okay the
bets at warrants and a partner the
problem with this whole scenario is that
Laurens new partner has hooked up with
Colin beforehand it doesn't matter how
many times he knew that they had sex you
already knew she was already out front
about it before even I have clothes line
though oh my gosh before even getting
into the situation shit with a partner
he already knew about her hooking up
with Colin it was never a secret
so either you accept her as she is or
you don't
you can't pick a fight with her at the
most inconvenient of times to then try
to question her about your own
insecurity it is this like only time
Lorenz makes his own decisions as when
they're based on his insecurities he
never makes his decisions firmly
competently on his own he always go with
the flow it's whoever positive his lab
and he keeps just realizing how he ain't
even slid neither is that why I'm ISA
went together nine of them asleep but
Laura thinks was enough to ever check
anyone especially when he allows his
insecurities to rule how he ever makes
decisions when he really makes decisions
man we have mommy who I thought it was
hilarious when she was at Kelly's race
maybe try figure out where Kelly was
that she wouldn't finish the race
already
and she's like damn it's Kelly Kenyon
and all I could think about was Evelyn
and her skinny ankles Molly and little
Rao you know that storyline it's like I
get the point they're trying to make and
I don't disagree with the point they're
trying to make I just actually decide I
don't think Molly and little ro little
rattled I went in go together like and I
don't know maybe it's like I keep seeing
a little round which is why I don't even
want to call him by the character name
he playing but then on top of that I'm
wondering like if I met a do like Little
Brown who was educated and a lawyer made
good money would I look at him
differently like would I be able to date
him I don't know but Miley caught a
little rile a homie like that wasn't
like an unfair critique problem just so
happy so so so sullen she was back at
the therapist with that beautiful book
show that I wanted my own thing to the
titties girl with the brown titties girl
I'm so happy to see her again when I
dare paste say then she should get out
of this shit and live in the hood and I
think that means that we we like women
are just putting so many boundaries as
we exist in this world that the
boundaries that we then put on ourselves
often comes from the boundaries of
society puts on us and that these ideals
that are in our own and then we limit
where we could go and who we could be
what we could do and see it's right a
little bit of good so I don't believe
with era piece we might live in a good
as and go sit on a low rose day I didn't
think that I mean you could you could
you know the power isn't the pussy but
like sis I don't think that was that to
give him some sympathy sex was what the
therapist was recommending but I guess
Hennessy and chicken wings will do that
to you this much as I want say Jo don't
make sense having gone through my own
situations with men who clearly have
girlfriends and then them hitting you up
talk about I miss you do you miss me and
it's like what is it amazed you can
never be mine how do I miss you how do
you miss me you don't owe my object to
you and I think that's what's really
happening here with draw and Ally is
I mean Molly it's objectifying herself
and okay so for y'all that are and open
relationships
do y'all allow the emotion do y'all have
a cut-off about like emotionally where
the open play ships can go well is there
a discussion about alright we are
allowing this period for you to explore
your sexuality or whatever but I am
always the one that trumps any of your
other relationships emotionally only I
think that's really my issue here is
that and just doesn't seem like and is
no and there is clearly an emotional
attachment that is just gonna get it
mildly burnt in the air and I'm still
mad that she you little rel so try to
get over a drug just because he texts I
miss you and you can't be girl when she
makes a good decision does it always
have to be buoyed by a questionable
decision right that because she did the
right thing and not repine and ro she
needs to make up for it by super woodrow
because she can't she just can't set her
own standards on her own like what is
going on with Molly and what is this
news is a song they was playing but
Molly just loves love's love's having
sex with her clothes on and I can't feel
like me figure out why girl and she's
not my cup of tea it's not my ministry
they made sure they get that kind of
shock though with what's that would she
was having sex with all around or did we
do we know who she was having sex with
messy because she was in the bed by
herself later head back down you see the
onion you see the open kind of laying on
the dresser but we don't know who she's
talking to
and I'm did what did I miss a nice
senior what am I missing
I do wish that they would just show more
of her career aspect like the first
season when they had the intern and that
kind of was just doing too much Molly to
talk to her Malik I said no and she just
disappeared and we never we delved into
that further I think you know I I
personally have said out loud plenty of
times that we as black women get talked
at a lot about intimate relationships
and so many of our other ones ships
matter and I think we kind of you know
Miley's whole storyline about being the
black career-minded can't get her love
life together woman is cliche can't
agree but I think you know we gotta go
with it because we do
get aspects of these other the family
relationships of friendships especially
with having a shitty friend like Lisa
you know even in her chair sad row it's
like you know a manifestation of a
platonic turning sexual relationship but
we kind of get a nod to her career but I
just feel like I would rather that kind
of take more of a forefront than this
whole kind of sexual philandering she
does I just don't it's like you know
it's a lot to talk about I was like
unpacked but I also just think there are
so many other important elements that we
have been exposed to of Molly that I
would love for us to delve deeper in
without it revolving around sex am I
making sense that would be like my one
like strongest critique of insecure so
I'm hoping going into next season that
they don't just kind of did this whole
thing with her job and giving her a
rising star award and that she hops over
to the black agency I kind of would love
to see where that transition because
there are lots of is there a lot to
unpack but there are things to unpack
and then giving her the arising award
starts simply because they notice she
was going on other interviews it's like
they still don't value her and them
giving her a rising award star where
she's gonna be featured on the agency
website does more for them than it does
anything for her in those scenarios Lou
Ages we especially an industry that is
very much built on your connections and
your network and then you don't as a
lawyer want to ever leave your law firm
and not be able to call on your peers
when different cases arise where your
network matters so much I do feel like
there is more of a storyline there into
how she goes about leaving and choosing
where she goes I would have loved to see
kind of how she handles dealing with
such tus white privileged male bosses
more so than I would like to see dro in
his Square back inside but you know that
is what it is
that due north series so girl I love
that as a show within a show with Regina
Hall who we all love homegirls true and
that whole lesbian Antebellum storyline
is just so over the top I think it's
kind of like a nod or some shade at all
our favorite TGI Thursday and then you
know shows from the shaundalyn to even
to uh underground girl wanted black like
I in actually watch that show I actually
appreciate ESA's voicemail that she left
even though it came through at the most
inopportune time Lawrence did that to
himself though they both Lawrence ISA
just they be playing this shit out
themselves maybe they just eternally
isn't meant for each other
but to the point of like oftentimes I
feel like when you are in situations
where you have decided to break someone
off and especially for women
I feel like men don't really take it
well when we decide to leave even when
it's they ain't shit ways that have
caused us to walk away from situation
and I'm saying men because I'm a woman
who dates men where they just want to
have access to you where they kind of
objectify you and they'll hit you up
consistently you'll think okay well
maybe they do want to talk maybe
something but they're vague and they
never say what they actually want to
talk about and I think to the credit of
ESA's voicemail is that if yo X really
has something of value to say to you
really has anything of importance that
it's where the old time they will make
it clear when they reach out to you and
he's very clearly made her point about
why she was contacting Lawrence and him
coming to get his stuff or if he went
the couch she felt like he deserved
happen I felt like that was fine like a
grown up mom made a grown up moment
Lawrence with the Carl Thomas turtleneck
in the summertime summer rains okay
just normal la clothing I don't know
what's happening here the apology scene
I appreciate it but I don't know if it
was realistic because to me it's like I
didn't see anything in their character
arts that led to this maturation because
that was a pretty mature because you're
honest background noise breath that was
a pretty mature apology it's why I
appreciate it what they talk about I
just don't know that I if in real life
characters like ISA and Lawrence would
have really gotten to that point without
the help of a therapist without some
soul seeking without some real moments
of reflection that we just never saw
between these two characters but
Lawrence the story I wasn't who you or I
expected okay they both were vulnerable
in their own awkward insecure way so I -
I was called in sick to work hey I was
just so happy that they could have this
like real moment with each other and it
not lead to like making out insects like
it didn't move to the Hollywood ending
it was very kind of real and that it
still just had this you can say let's
get it off your chest and it doesn't
necessarily need like a solidified
reaction I mean they both apologize to
each other it's out there to say but it
wasn't like I need to know where you
want to go from here right now like I
still love you
all right I'm gonna give you time to
unpack that you know I appreciated that
with that whole montage was it a niece's
dream of them being married like the
Obamas vote Obama shot with him laying
on the couch heart hair probably done
correctly girl I was loving today
actually look you in it with beautiful
that a cute little brown baby looks like
oh my gosh I love it but I don't see you
for y'all like I think they go together
but they go together like and then they
go together in there ain't shake
qualities not good they go together
because I think they better each other
really I still want them to all get
therapist everybody on the show needs to
go to therapy
I caught the Frank Ocean lyric too many
bottles of wine we can't pronounce did
we know that Amal was gay she wasn't
shot but I don't know that I caught the
hint from when Issa had that house party
and how he responded to Kelly it would
be cool if he was just like non-binary
sexually like if he was just doing his
own thing we could explore that I love
Lamaze humor and I think it would be
great to see more of them all and ease
his relationship especially because Issa
just is so shitty on all relationship
fronts that maybe understanding the
relationship she had with her own family
plus being English matter hmm would be a
good plot line how do we feel about Issa
telling Lawrence that she still loves
him apologizing feeling that that was a
really real moment her inability to then
stay with her brother for even like a
week like how is your family
relationships that fuck that like come
on me and my brother and my sister we
agitate that you shot each other all the
time but trust that they didn't have
nowhere to stay like they would be
staying at my house on my couch like
even though my brother is messy he
leaves a trail of tissues everywhere
that's how you can figure out where
nothing at I've been in the house how I
still let him stay with me and I don't
think he would leave simply because I
was set some like grounds like bro okay
you like flush the toilet but the toilet
seat down like I mean I don't know I
just think we have an understanding of
our sibling relationship so even when we
annotate each other we can still like
live with each other at least until we
get our feet back on the ground so how
is Issa ending up back at Daniels and
what what does that mean you just told
your ex that you still love him and
you're trying to figure your issue out
but how do we judge Lawrence if warrant
Natacha or Aparna back over right after
that scene where ISA who I want to know
why why she couldn't tough it out at the
malls and - is she using Daniel like is
he gonna get his feelings hurt in this
scenario and I think maybe we tend to in
this scope of things be more forgiving
of the woman in this scenario because
it's really easy for Daniel to kind of I
think that you won't have any problem
finding a woman or moving on but um it
kind of goes back to how we don't even
give men their own emotional bandwidth
to understand that hurting them is never
okay either you know it's not we would
never approve of Daniel taking advantage
of Lisa so why would it be okay for ISA
now to take advantage of Daniel and stay
with him I think it's the power dynamics
of how we view sex and domination and
Submission and men's ability to move on
to other women versus a woman I think me
basically we just don't we look so down
on ISA and her inability to get it
together that we we might forgive her
for just a really shitty behavior all in
all all right let me know where would
you like to see the show go in season
three why what are some of the
relationships that you would like to see
explore more outside the intimate
relationships I don't actually need
Molly or ISA or Lauren or anybody to end
up with anyone at all I need therapy I
need them to all become better friends
I actually think Molly is a good friend
even though I've heard other people say
that they don't think Molly is a good
friend and I love that everyone is
talking about how much I love Kelly and
they want to Kelly am angry but I feel
like all y'all hos is lying all of y'all
cuz okay I think we love the actress
that plays Kelly she's a doll Kelly in
real life though
because as a turnip friend as a friend
that sometimes be doing a whole lot and
be here for the shits and giggles and
the way people turn up no I'm tellin ya
I don't really want it ya don't ya lyin
all right let me know your thoughts in
the comments down below
