hey guys it's Josie okay so I love to do
things last-minute my we were supposed
to be here in like 20 minutes because
I'm headed out of the country poor time
management is insecure review we back
the natural light and girl look at the
sign cuz I said on my lights to break
them down this week's episode of
insecurities was actually pretty
difficult to like I don't know difficult
the right word it was just hard to watch
because as much as like the character
stay fucking up like they just all of
them ain't shit
except for Danny with the compassion
even though this episode was kind of
like Oh Brian maybe you really ain't
SHINee but the the humor and the comedy
seems to balance it out but this was
just a very tense episode and I guess
things kind of had to come to a head at
this point but it's like you just every
episode should be like damn ether my
damn Isa after last week's episode Issa
during the wine up that she does talking
about each episode I think she mentioned
that Daniel did it on purpose that they
scripted it as Daniel jizzing in her eye
on purpose like it was a some revenge
porn shit
bruh it's kind of hard for me to really
criticize day it was like yes if a guy
cheated on my face on firebase I would
be hella pissed halibut but for me
that's just not a focal point of
criticism because he was by far the most
mature character and it's kind of like
these characters are so immature the
barometer is so low it's so low for like
any point of like emotional maturity we
can grab on to I'm like ooh let me grab
on to that let me have that so let's
just let's let's walk through through
this here
Etha and Miley on the phone it's just so
judgmental on top of it it's like oh you
really had the nerve to be coming at
people when like yo like a girl by far
the ain't nobody does a yo lifestyle at
all and can I say something out loud
I just I'm getting through this season
and realizing because I think Issa Rae
the person is beautiful and I love her
style and her hairdos and I believe it's
still Felicia like the one who is doing
is she doing the hair on the show as
well as Styles Issa in real life however
each of the character I wish she would
too just gave herself a different name
so you know we could differentiate the
character her hair stylist
juvenile girl it's weird because it's
still like slightly professionally done
like it's like okay maybe they're
purposefully making ista just look a hot
mess because like her a little faux
mohawk if you slick that real tight like
you could tell somebody laid hands on
that but then it just be like okay they
just they just stop there
they just said fuck it I'm really happy
the way they showed mr. Gaines this
episode there is no excuse Rosanna
phobia I'm really not here for black
folks trying to just become the
oppressor claiming that we want
liberation and freedom by embracing
oppressive mannerisms ourselves it
doesn't mean like yes you've been
oppressed that doesn't mean that we also
can't turn around and demean other
people and I think you know it was clear
to me that mr. Gaines based on the
comments he made was not here for his
Latino students in a way that was
harmful to them and so now that he's
said it out of his mouth y'all giddy
y'all get it and I think the interaction
between Frida and ISA was good and that
she was really like it was easy
responsibility to say something to
principal gains because I don't think a
white person checking a black person on
racism or xenophobia or oppression or
whatever when they're when they have a
black coworker is ever gonna go over
well and no people were mentioning that
from season one that Frida really didn't
say anything about ESA's co-workers but
yes and no East has been there for seven
years if you go on the we got shot
website Frida been there for like two
three so she might have been a new
employee and I'm not gonna let because
free to dinner so to speak up for me at
work allow this thing to go into a
education system wants to be improving
students lives and be okay with the fact
that there isn't a school administrator
who was point blank period that phobic
to the bulk of his student body so now
that we know for in fact he is
dissuading Latino students from
attending after-school program that
helps them with their education hmm
y'all live in there now dropping the
bandana okay I'm trying to put myself in
the role of ISA right like if it would
do did something to me right and they
said well I apologize and I did feel
like the apology was sincere
then I mean her statement was rude to
say that well at least now we're even
he didn't have to say that but it's not
like it wasn't a fact though you know
like he wasn't like you know like I
don't feel I would have been like play
mad and I'm saying I feel like in my
mind I would be play mad because I feel
like Issa isn't really mad at Daniel I
don't even feel like esa's truly truly
mad at Lawrence
I feel like Issa is coming to a point
where she's going to have to face where
she is at in life and that she doesn't
really she doesn't have control not
because someone else is blocking her
from control or having said agency over
her life she doesn't have control
because she's not at that level of
maturity to have the awareness where she
can take the reins in the right aspects
of her life I'll do a whole video about
I asked specifically black women and the
rotation phase the whole phase and how
we view our sexuality in our bodies and
going to that whole like where you go
something emotionally stressful and so
your response is okay well I want to
explore this sexual freedom that I
haven't explored before and you know for
various different reasons we all walk
into that space in a different way if
some of us just never walk into that
space um and ISA walks it in a space and
just kept tripping over herself like she
I don't even think she really all the
way walk daily and she was trying to
walk to the space and she just kept like
tripping over herself couldn't ever make
it she just kept falling over herself
and uncomfortable as the Lawrence and
ISA she was very happy that it happened
very happy they got all they fuck shit
off they chest don't neither than make
sense neither neither either make sense
they both you see a therapist they both
were dead-ass wrong they both took low
blows
I don't like Lawrence calling ISA a ho
you trying to be out Oh like you know
it's like no matter how much you wanted
to own that somebody calling you that is
still demeaning it's like I mean that is
a lie bruh
it just wasn't a productive conversation
in that are they going to get anywhere
together no but maybe now they can that
they said what they had to say they can
begin to like move forward they don't
need to get back together
please don't put that don't get them
back together please cuz Laurens out
here first of all so Mississippi masala
the Indian chick butter chicken with the
ghetto accent what are you doing like
how do you begin to have a fledgling
attraction to someone and you
immediately go and now sit to your
office of like six people and now are
the two minorities minority minorities
in the group like what I would like I
don't really be dating in Dallas because
I feel like they may hear talk too much
so that's an instant turn-off for me
like why are you announcing this why
can't we have some discretion we covert
why can't we get to know each other
without the eyes of the officer cuz now
everyone's gonna constantly be asking
y'all about are y'all getting together
what's going on with you two have y'all
like everyone's not being your business
I suppose a dumb move on her part I
don't know why more just kind of rolls
over into these things
no be a nice guy doesn't really make you
a good person you know I mean like you
can be a nice guy in that you are never
trying to disrupt the scenario like you
are always gonna go with the flow but
what are your intentions right if you
don't have good intentions then you just
don't have the confidence of it just
like he just a mess if Tiffany and
Derrick are esis friends from college
technically Tiffany's a shape tiffany
ain't nobody friendly let's be let's be
true she she she might be the most
annoying this character of them all it's
my girl you just trying to shit on
everybody to make boost your own ego
yeah I mean if you and ISA are the older
closer that's really yo girl and you
don't need to invite her ex who they had
a messy breakup with like there were
just so many ways that each of these
characters should have prevented this
from happening Tiffany should have never
invited Lawrence Lauren should have
never accepted the invitation Lawrence
definitely should have never invited a
partner especially because he knew Lisa
was gonna be there especially cuz it was
gonna be awkward especially because you
know Tiffany and Eric ain't really got
no friends so what the fuck did you
expect bruh why are you playing dumb a
partner should have never been like yeah
whatever makes you come
you should have been like oh okay fine
I'm not trying to be messy but I mean
bet you click down bitch she's a
respectable woman of color let me not
call her that she already told the whole
office so clearly she gonna throw this
hole under the bus and he probably gonna
deserve it whatever Lawrence's wooh womp
womp the ISA should have been up front
with Tiffany about not being comfortable
Tiffany and Lawrence are more wrong in
that situation bang ISA is to me so
whatever it says little brother what is
going on with him and Kelly though what
is the backstory there I want to see
maurices little brother okay it's look
right look why don't my hearties do name
girl why my stress don't even look like
they go together that don't even look
like that type Molly and ro I feel like
every episode girl this is like a key of
episode huh every review I feel like I
end it on Molly and ro and just their
messiness and it's like this is not an
open relationship this is not like you
are having a whole ass affair for his
wife to be there and y'all fucking in a
bathroom for him to be bringing you
gifts for you to be caught up this is
just bad and this is the army okay it
was all sweet when ISA ruffled her bag
and she pulled the tag off that kind of
dress was it I mean it was it was it's
out this girl just stop you know it
maile girl we gotta I just really hope
that her deading dro is for real and
that she can flex her muscle in the
lawyer space don't fuck around please
girl
please stop rushing into bed with niggas
that are in your personal space like if
you want to get your hotel on girl I'm
not you know whatever this do we do so
when you cut them off you know you never
got to see them again
who not gonna fuck up your career and
shit fuck up your Friendship Circle bro
like fuck up your walls and your
emotional life girl it's like y'all
wasn't drunk Tiffany out here serving
college freshman beverages a play on an
amaretto sour what in the
nineteen-year-old
drinking with our ID are y'all doing
amaretto sours for real how old is
they're turning that bathroom scene
really was just like oh no I'm just so
done I'm so done and I guess you know
how she finally call her momma you know
why
not really here for child abuse I'd be
looking at your side iron y'all when we
see these cute little black girls
getting sassy on Facebook like the
little girl twisty and got something way
more snatcher so let that child express
herself in full sentences leave her be
but if I was Molly mom I would have
snatched all out of her for being so
damn disrespectful now call me for
Friday's I wanted to say that what
Molly's mom said was simple but I think
there's something deeper there and when
she said he made me feel special more
than he hurt me is that suddenly no is
there maybe her I kind of wanted her mom
to say something a little bit more
deeper or I don't know I was looking for
some Alice Walker Womanism there's a way
to take that as settling and that oh did
he hurt you consistently but then the
love was slightly higher or did he just
really you know did he hurt you at that
point in time 30 years ago and yeah
that's sort of embarrassment that level
of distrust it's it's I don't know if
you ever truly 100% get past it like it
is it's an experience it's a lemonade
girl you know Beyonce that a whole body
of work off of it but that he continued
to love you in a very deep way you know
I think there's it was a really simple
statement that can be taken either as
basic or really beautiful let me know
what y'all think in the comments down
below I will be in Denmark next week
when that episode the finale comes on
but I got my low HP I'll go cuz they had
the screener site whatever still mad
about it but I will definitely try and
get Myra final review up next week girl
I was in Thailand last year during the
finale why y'all keep playing me I got
eyes okay clearly there's gonna be a
drop in quality fuck my YouTube my
Instagram reviews between this one in
next week because I'm traveling and I'm
just I'm not a recognized person in the
least bit and I got a role Mike breath
and then forgot to get a battery for the
mic but that's not why we here right now
we don't really care about the rock my
girl Kurt get out of my way how did I
get through the whole review this
morning and not talk about how Issa
wrecks our own apartment like what and
you know
I don't have a Wendy Williams birth I
don't but I did read her book when I was
in high school and the one thing that
did stick with me when I book is when
she found out her husband had cheated on
her and she was in her home and if she
purchases and she wants to throw
something at him and she looked at the
Versace buys and then something else she
had over here you know she knew Brando
she was looking all this name-brand
expressions that she had in the living
room talking about weight but I paid for
that I would never ever destroy my own
stuff when I made it somebody else oh oh
so what you don't do is destroy your own
stuff but the truth is she's not mad at
anybody else
Lisa's mad at Lisa so easy destroying
her own stuff it's a frustration what
her so I don't think I girl you you've
not making a whole lot of money your car
already wrecked I don't think it that's
one decision um mmm
cuz I'm just like oh I would never and
I'd be I've been big man but man I want
status somebody would have dull night so
it hurts I've been that bad um but
destroy my own stuff just isn't in
that's not my ministry and whose paper
is up if you're now for real let me know
in the comments down below
yo thoughts on this episode it's sorry
so janky I mean I'm sorry but look we
just we just here for the key and next
week I'll see you next week
