hey guys I'm Josie and I'm Elise one of
the things that I get a lot of requests
for is how to tie yo head wraps and I've
always admired the way you tie yo head
wraps out but I've always admired the
way you tie yours because it always
looks really cute and like the feeling
is mutual
so we thought it wasn't even I thought
well we yea thought it would be a good
idea to show you guys how we style our
hair everything I think in my head wraps
are political because you think about it
so much of our history is based on
hiding our hair or a little bit of like
self shame and in a way you can use head
wraps as a way to kind of fit into that
point of view but make it your own
like if you're going to oppress me I'm
gonna make it my thing I think that's
exactly at least in the M and the
Americas values the United States but oh
the slave trade and wherever would
island or country we landed in for that
faction of the African Diaspora it
definitely comes out of a place of if
you're going to oppress me at least let
me make something of it but I also think
it's let me make something of it because
you cultural it's people I have
something like this was already a part
of my culture right that you can go back
to the continent in every country had
like a different title for what they
call a head wrap or a hair tie I think I
guess my question for you would be like
aside from general laziness which I
think like a lot of african-american
women use head wraps to cover up like a
you want lazy no for real lazy workers
like so I get you because you know you
asked me why why do I wear a head wrap
you're right cuz I will do my hair and
it is cute though but you're not well
depending on who asked me that's the
answer I'm gonna give you know right we
get too low on the melanin scale I'm
gonna be like well sir let me give you a
historical context right but it also
does this a quick
easy thing to do yeah you don't feel
like doing whatever you know so it's
like but other than that why do you wear
them because I don't feel like doing my
hair I mean it's like but it's not even
just like because I think there's a
difference between when you tie your
hair at night right right I don't wear
head wraps in a way that I think looks
lazy or gives away the fact that it's
but it's a style option because I think
I saw I put braids in my hair because I
don't feel like doing my hair for a
couple weeks but I also do it because I
love the look I love her style and I
love what it means to my culture so I
think the head wraps for me have the
same sort of duality I do too I mean for
me it's very much about like I feel like
when I wear a head wrap it along gates
my neck like it along gates my presence
and it does kind of give me a regal look
because I feel like it's a crown of
cloth on your head you know I love this
scarf that's why you got me for my
birthday okay so you have yours wine I
have mine everyone asks how I tie my tie
mine's the same way okay every time okay
you don't believe it I don't but I would
actually watched this happen in action
and I was like oh wow you really do all
right so it's gonna be a little bit
different because I have braids right
and so it's way more bulkier now that I
have it like this and typically to be
honest with braids it's not really
something that I do yeah you guys are
gonna say most women they like put it up
in a bun and then like the rap is like
what do you call it like a headband yes
I don't my hands too big so to draw you
up it's like I'm not really trying to do
it like I have a big I have a big head
long and wide way and so I'm not really
trying to like that sounds like an
insecurity though because I'm looking at
it right now and it's shaping your face
very nicely even with all the braids
like cuz you could you have this nice
like curve there but are you literally
all you do is curve all I do is wrap it
I do this is the same way I wear it when
I have my hair braided down
so if my natural terror is out I'll
either put it in a ponytail but more
times than not I will write it down into
some part walls I actually feel like it
gives you a nice look with the braids
though cuz I could see you wearing this
with like a very fun skirt and like some
kind of crop top thing and now you with
my gut out okay wish I could wear it I
got some smart brown girl crotch that's
in my closet they just sitting there and
I'm like are my workouts like where my
own merchandise also under like what is
your feeling about who drops in the
workplace though I actually okay I don't
think they're appropriate okay it really
depends on where you work so if you work
at some place so let's say if you work
at a job that allows you to wear jeans
to work uh-huh then sure a head wrap is
appropriate now just because I don't
think it's appropriate does not mean I
do not do it
I am a person that will read the rules
and then do everything that I can within
the bounds of the role yeah so I have
worn a head wrap when I was working but
I also did not interface with clients so
it depends because if I have a
presentation like so now I do if I have
a meeting which I still I still do
meeting so like if I had a meeting as a
youtuber absolutely wearing a hair out
because what I want them to walk away
with is an understanding of my
personality
yeah now if I have a meeting and I work
in the corporate world and it's not
really about my personality it's about
the body of work or getting some money
for the corporation yeah
then I don't want to stand apart from
the identity of the corporate identity I
mean I think I agree because I know for
me personally like as a video producer
creator whatever when I'm interfacing
with clients that are yeah fortune 50
fortune 500 whatever company's not gonna
walk in there for the heads back it's
just not it's this doesn't give off the
professional vibe that they probably
want see cuz they're giving you large
amounts of money you know to understand
their brand or whatever whereas if I'm
on a shoot and I know that it's all
behind the camera people you know it's
all other agency people it's all other
creatives yeah there's like a little
more space to be myself in that space
and so there I would wear it and feel
okay and doing that like I wouldn't feel
like I wasn't dressed people ever
questioned the difference between having
locs and wearing a hair wrap in the
workplace I think so I mean I know for
me like moving away from head wrap
specifically like yeah in corporate
America you know when I walk into the
room it is kind of like really there's
still a little are we feeding into the
European spectrum of identity and beauty
I probably probably how much of us and
we have the oppressor with it
I mean we probably are which is probably
why we think it's probably why you have
a certain feeling about like wearing a
head wrap in the workplace you know I
think there is this mystique about I
mean well what's the origin of like
black people really wearing the head
wraps it's kind of weird though right
because like there's a direct connection
between African Americans and West
Africans and the head wrap mm-hmm son of
ol Ghana Nigeria those are all areas
that American slaves came from bonds
persons incorrect bonds persons yeah
when did that book I'm reading a history
book and that's how they refer to them
as bonds presidents yeah any would like
the slave like African slaves that came
to America and obviously like headwraps
were a part of the culture they have a
kind of twisted our own culture to
oppress us and then we kind of took it
back yeah like there's an interesting
circular evolution
yeah and then also like from a very
practical perspective I think that's
also how a lot of like culture and
fashion comes about to you but because
it was because of circular right because
they took it from us and made it a way
to like a process yeah like in New
Orleans culture the Creole culture -
they made black women and Creole women
cover their hair right signa I think
it's I think it's it's TIG and Owen but
I think it's pronounced like Tae Yong
kiyah I think so in the comments below
let us notice No so that's kind of a
reason why I think standard mainstream
culture for so long kind of turn their
nose up at headwraps why it might not
why we might not even see it as a
professional look in the workplace
I think it's do it because then it's
like even like with em within every
culture even going into Western European
and all of that there are head covers
like aside from religion and all of that
the practical purpose of it is being
outside covering your hair to protect it
from the Sun which is one of the other
main practical reasons of why I wear
them - now cuz locks are such a long
term style that you constantly have your
hair out there that's why people would
lock that I never even thought about
that that's why most people who locks as
their locks get longer you see it's it's
lighter toned on the bottom that's sun
damage so I try that's why I try to wear
head wraps relatively often because I'm
outside running so much anyway in the
bare Sun that like anytime I can cover
my hair I don't think the turban is in a
proper way in the workplace ok baby
that's also because I feels like when I
think of religious head wraps the turban
is one of them can be seen as one of
those yeah like what do Muslim women
wear I've seen them where you know they
don't also don't wear any of their hair
out so it kind of like yeah it looks
clean it looks room yeah good job that
foot is the paga for
/ Asik yes there you go pristiq man the
pocket all of that kind of stuff but I
also like and I don't know if that's
maybe because I've reconditioned myself
but I think those looks are very pretty
and very like elegant because yeah I
think because there's no hair out and
because it's like such a uniform shape
usually around their old age something
really unpacked brown yeah so to me when
I see like like Dena Tokyo and her
family any of those women and how they
wear their hijab
styles like they always look very
elegant that I learn how to type my head
wrap that is how I learned how to time
my head wrap and technically yours is
just the inverse she is a tutorial where
she yes we both technically tie her head
wraps the same way yeah and she has a
tutorial which is like you can either do
it up which is how I do it or you can do
it back yeah I took this this was from
her wedding tutorial and I just like
reimagined it to not have pair pins look
at the inspiration everything is
political but you finally got that head
wrap tutorial if you enjoyed this
conversation be sure to head over to
hallucis channel to hear more and for
another collab be sure to thumbs up this
video and if you're new here subscribe
deuces
