you know I love a good scam like Joe and
the scammer
I live but whatever allows my Caucasian
house to flourish
well actually I really know I'm more in
love with breaking down a scam how we've
been bamboozled hoodwinked into enjoying
a good lie
what would the American Dream be without
someone trying to sell you a pitiful
belief that getting rich quick is
accessible to every man woman and even
child in this land let me tell you I
have the best secret as bar to put you
aren't you I've got it
because I've got two guiding me and he
just blessed me and my Bangert oh my
lord girl I was on that shot right right
now John now that sounds crazy not just
because I talk so fast all my words
start to run together ahead but that's
how all these emails that I get about
webinars and ebooks and courses that
will teach me how to make all this money
quickly and with little effort that's
how they all sound monetize is make 1k
in a land bank how I made $10,000 a
YouTube on one month I mean like come on
fish just clickbait titles and live
stream your brazilian butt-lift for the
masses to see just 15 we are all really
striving for when having dreams of money
trees in our backyards I mean aside from
finding the seed to plant that money
tree its passive income money that you
make without having to be actively
involved with the process that makes
some money oh that makes sense
it's money that you make without having
to be involved in the process that makes
the money actively involved inside
process some of us at a minimum are just
looking for ways that while we are still
on our side up from the bottom well we
still have a level up mode that we can
add another cash flow to our livelihood
now look down from the closet looking
down is it coming down are we looking up
you know website is literally from the
cloud there is Adobe Creative Cloud it's
literally in a cloud and there are
several ways that you can use Adobe
Creative Cloud
as a stream of income aside from you
know me Guinness video sponsors but I do
have one way that's actually pretty
quick stretching with the come up of a
thousand dollar prize in this contest
that I will get more into at the end of
the video it's a contest with Adobe
Creative Cloud and one of the prizes
isn't a thousand dollar gift card
look at all that money coming down from
the sky part of the reason I was excited
to work with Adobe is because I love the
move to a cloud-based system somewhere I
can pay per month for access to several
of their software applications like
Photoshop InDesign illustrator and of
course Premiere Pro and I'm now coming
out looking at me crazy but I'm saying
if you can get down with any one of
these apps I mentioned girl the windows
of passive income are why why open and
you don't even have to be a expert I
know that my audience is a little more
mature seasoned variety of into that
girl I got time to learn those new skill
ruff
I feel you just put the young
whippersnappers on yo kids yo sister or
brother kids the neighborhood kids your
nieces nephews I managed to save on
those kids the charged kids just get
some kids get a community thing going
and help give them access to the
software with Photoshop you can make the
best amazing t-shirt ever
shadow so good enough from Nathan Z hair
keep it simple dumb and play with fun
haha especially in the rise of hashtag
activism and social media slogan
sketching speed so quickly if you are in
college on top of getting assume
discount to Adobe Creative Cloud there
are always catch phrases that are
popular on the yard
I'm not saying co-op them with hashtag
are catchphrase but like when I was at
Howard everyone reps their building so
myself I was in fine arts and everybody
said clearly to everything like clearly
could likely are you a Bama
clearly look at what people represent in
your community our family reunions
popular can you design shirts that have
two things for family members get your
Photoshop on girl and if you have bit
more fancies a pop-up or illustrator
except y'all design levels of my match
then use something non-committal like
teespring if you want to keep it like
just on your URL and I have whole the
videos and ten of us this is tech
Tuesday sweet get into it if design is
amazing for a book layout and I think
the easiest to get the hang of ebooks
are poppin cook books ebooks ebook put
books equip books
Oh even more I want to say popping fan
but I just as able to give it so saying
it everybody that's going to say that I
don't know girl but I have a whole video
and blog post on how to publish a book
that gets more to the technical aspect
of it if you are looking to publish a
book for print and a physical copy to
the photo pot and ebooks can be a much
smaller time commitment and if you're an
established career professional or
business owner than there's definitely
tips you have to give out you can sell
modified to the world you're a
successful professional or business
person there's definitely tips you have
that you can put in a twenty page ebook
cookbooks are great mom's watch the
jackpots a whole jackpot for passive
income creating things targeted at
children and families like a family
cookbook don't sleep on a girl's gotta
push you all push you all random start
back in the day I used to sell
BlackPlanet templates I made in
Dreamweaver like all the sparkly gifts
when I shan't me act I was like bling it
out in Photoshop and then whoo this was
998 early 2000 I was really on to
something
last but not least I have the real come
up for you if you are down with Premiere
Pro through this Adobe Creative Cloud
contest that myself and Rachel win of
that chic already so you have a chance
to win in a thousand dollar Visa gift
card one year free of Adobe Creative
Cloud and a mentorship with either
myself or Rachel it will be no choice
and I love the link down below in the
description box for all the details on
how to enter and it's not just for those
Muniz days till not anymore girls throw
you right here in desert
radio right Edith and go flourish which
all passive income do Pez
