hey all right so this entry to our
review is getting up late because I said
nauseam on social media when somebody
happened to the screener site for HBO
last week like this set not this past
Sunday but the Sunday before all they
thought was some Game of Thrones scripts
bro messing up my whole entire flow so
our IP to the insecure screeners I had
to wait till Sunday night to watch it
and I working on a project with YouTube
and they brought me a whole bunch of new
equipment so I'm using these weights I'm
still getting used to it it probably
looks a little weird but girl we ain't
got the time for this later something
this morning I'm just so busy I'm so
busy we I guess is insecure of you all
right
insecure episode 3 hello open allow me
to find my notes real quick I should
have had a cocktail but I'm trying to
lose this this midline waistline that to
midline waistline although we gotta go
so this episode was called hella open
and I'm just kind of like all right so
hopefully hella open right now it's how
open meaning that uses eat die me is
open like her legs is open is that what
we get in it I saw this is the episode
where we're all really realizing like
how trash just everybody is in the show
except for maybe like I guess Tasha
girl but my daughter like whoo you trash
whoo it's a trash mommy trash Lauren's
trash like I'm just calling anybody
anybody tries ISA jiggle it with Little
J so first of all do chairs even date
leg with me Shane's robotics is fine
though you get up in the demand house
and you got a nice apartment in la la
ray is very expensive it's a nicely
cutely decorated apartment he tried to
get it popping at you giggling you you
giggling and here's the truth he says
not a catch
I don't get how she can be so horny and
not one to sleep with the Luke James
character as he was presented but then
go sleep with a big head to live her
apartment building I'm just trying to
figure out why you see with a man who
decorates this apartment with empty wine
bottles
ooh kitchen utensils are right next to
his bed oh this has a head that big sis
I personally follow the rule that if I'm
going to in dollars in casual sex with
someone who I never have to see again
once I so choose to never see them again
like I don't need them the treatment of
on me tone on my business finish and I
just don't like what happens if you and
Lawrence do get back together what
happens is you end up in another
fruitful relationship while living in
that apartment why it really is a self
centered character who has no
understanding of how does she have any
understanding of the role she plays in
situations or does everything just like
center around her and happen to her and
all that matters is how she feels when
she's going through in the situation how
you could tell how popular how good a
show is now how good a show is but how
much everybody loves the show by how
many celebrities will appear on the show
I don't even remember the actor's name
from get out in that scene with Molly
then sterling K Brown being the man that
Molly dress well I only got some got
dark nerves Molly don't know what she
wants Molly talk about her her her
therapist on her life at her cuz she got
they both got Brown cities like first of
all or mad at Molly because I personally
was people with a therapy sessions like
grind Bobbie care don't give me no
mental health therapy I found your
booboo let me get the free therapy
session that five-minute clip with Julie
your therapist every week like would you
love to watch so Sundays on all whyalla
bands bands that would be back to why
Molly just doesn't know do her
vulnerability actually nobody knows what
to do with their vulnerability on this
show but Molly especially like running
away from and then trying to finally she
got everything under control at work fit
I just don't understand her walking away
from the therapist when she was finally
making some leeway and if anything that
therapist will help her get what she
actually want in life
alright thing was so exhausting and I
just don't understand how she went on
date with a man who was respectful who
gave her everything he went it off at
her tickets to silver
Manit why you bother me when you know
you my bra when you know he wanted he
got a woman he's got to try it for you
and you'll just played him you basic
Molly is basically a good career and I
should have fell in don't like he wasn't
even presto like that's what I don't get
when she has a whole conversation with
ISA and he said was like oh well he
sounds like you she's like damn I was
out in the streets like that like I'm
going to show you like what no actually
were way worse than him he just seems
like a man who knows what he wants and
he's not going to wait go time and he's
trying to like really see you a cater to
you and you're just like a one said the
doofus dude I will sit with the dosa
first one at home okay a dusting
yes because could have Malini you know
what i neva defend a girl go ahead be
the case it's okay you ain't got a
single line sensitive and if that means
Tiffany aka h2o
the dudes that will do a heart sing half
a loop so like I mean he's tall and just
I get the wanting to have the key but
why do we always chase out this idea
when has the spark you know I mean we
want to have Instagram relationships we
want to have relationships with people
who we think we can start YouTube
channels with we want to be a YouTube
couple we don't want real relationships
and we don't what we constantly run away
from things or do things that are kind
of productive to us ending up in
authentic relationships with people
because we never open ourselves up to
them and that is Molly photography Molly
looking for a YouTube boyfriend she's
looking for someone who will look good
who will take the study nice pictures
with her my Instagram and I get it
there's a problem tonight here on
YouTube watching a couple video the
other day I was like oh this is just
because this is just for social media
groom okay so it's how the redundant
even say launch instruct at this point
because Lawrence
first of all the way Lawrence he was
stood Tasha I should have never invited
him to the family picnic she knew what
she was doing and she was hoping for it
to work out even though in the end she
claimed she knew but Lee you know it's
That moment when you do Auto bravado
when you get all your integrity and
pride back you try to snatch it back
with you Pedro Feliz headlights
you ain't sure anyway but you know II
wasn't you know what it was a girl like
I feel bad for you but I also bathroom
but I still feel bad for you I couldn't
knowledge that Tasha did something that
she should not have done but it doesn't
make her a bad person why did he agree
to go to the family picnic in the first
place it's not like she cornered him or
like sole massage story on him she - he
actually did show up and then he goes
tired of both of the dryest it wasn't
even like you really wanted some pop an
inch and then a little white girl
watching the ex white presenting
waitress and I was like oh really
right Michael boy
Tasha might be a lot of things but what
she is better than that waitress that
rolled up on you like that that is not
any more entertaining than with Casas
providing which we throw to a spec when
you don't ask back right Tasha dozens of
skill and you just said the SH out of it
Oh wasn't so damn dumb if he could have
slid that into a casual relationship and
kept Tasha around for what he actually
wanted the probably Lauren's like Molly
like you said don't know what they
actually want and so what they do with a
lot of dumbness and they center
themselves each other individuals in
their situations and they don't realize
how their actions related they don't
realize the cause and effect of things
this is all very self-centered people
and it's like wow you know Tasha given
that Monday sermon we know you sundays
are here from her was like okay that's
why you up nigga i'm going to take
that give you a buck naked i thank you a
good guy imma use that and I
promise you any man that ever enters I'm
a good guy like I know me I'm a good
girl you know what you'd like when you
are who you are you don't have to say
who you are Marley struggling with the
bus and having the most LA s scenes
where that black man with that like
funky looking white woman like okay and
then you proceeded to go on a date with
sterling or what's his name on the show
Lucas Logan it's so unfortunate but not
only is Issa trash but she's also a bad
 like from the operatives giggling
with Lou James and then get up and leave
it to bumpin pelvic bones with a big
head of let down sales from you
let him keep recycling he don't know
what he doing
then she what one play what what was
that as I'm feeling like she got
something this time I really gave
Lawrence a lady in purple speech you
know you got y'all obviously for colored
girls who's considered suicide when the
rainbow is enuf there is a Carl Paula
minute called sorry where she's
basically telling this man like I know
you sorry because all you ever say is
sorry and that's who you become you are
sorry
you know like sorry don't mean nothing
sorry is for you that wasn't never
for me that was a very human reaction I
mean we have all had a moment like kasha
maybe you haven't been Tosha
so y'all like to claim like okay I guess
you just never dated we have that moment
where we awaken to how ancient a Negro
is even though we tried to bend over
backwards to make him into something
more and then we always say get the
third traklon lemonade oh okay how do
y'all feel about this episode was
anything that I missed my - um in
different places we won't try and get it
together for next week I'm praying that
the screener site is back up so I can be
on top of it because I really wanted to
B's up like Sunday 9:00 Monday morning
I'm still mad about the sexting that
look like the most trashiest were sexy
evil and poor Tasha that was healthy
passionate again she's gonna be crying
over a bowl of popcorn while watching
TGI T hello
so what were you going to be speaking
about but I can't talk right now call
you later all right let me know your
thoughts in the comments down below
deuces
