hey hey okay my orange curtains I
launched curtains in this room so
there's gonna be like a orange overcast
I want to colorize hey guys it's jewel Z
and we're back is another get ready with
me so he's gonna get right into this
start off with the hair you know the
title says some of what I talk about but
you know it's a good kids a good
discussion and you know hey girl hey we
back at it okay let's get into this big
curly oh I left my mirror all the way
over here yes girl yes you know I always
make a crack a joke about the
afro-latino tease I think today would
get me straight there but it can tease
but hold on oh forgot my year I got a
new mirror
oh is it gonna be in the shot now cuz
the camera so far back I look a mess
okay yes let's get them look in the
mirror fix this
up so this is the Brazilian curly hair
from aliexpress clay ye clay he care
it's Indian Brazilian currently I guess
you know there's indigenous people while
call them Indians and brittle egg
indigenous people I got to hang with
some on this project I just come one
still working on that's what gets the
kernels popping no products currently in
this hair I just shampooed conditioned
it and I have two and a half bundles in
and a frontal but honestly they said so
they sent me a closure at first by
mistake and I haven't warm quarters in a
long time I sent the closure back and
obviously now that I've made the link I
probably could have just got away with
the closure because his hair is so huge
and I'm usually only weird as a center
part I really made a good wig like this
fits so perfect I'm not gonna glue this
sucker down because I don't know if you
noticed what my face has been breaking
out sis who's why I was like late but
just get ready like me because I'm just
like I don't put no makeup on my face
because of the way my skin's been acting
up you know I got all two pimples and
like oh my gosh the world's coming to an
end never glued this down I literally I
sought abandon it's in here little ear
tags if I ever want to get it popping
you know but this texture you can do the
water and gel thing where you jelly and
then put the mousse on top to get that
like ramen noodle look everyone's going
for now but I've also been wearing this
just look and it's full big like this is
just an easy go to like I'm vanilla at a
grocery store and I ain't did nothing to
my hair type wig says I have a frontal
and I believe it's 18 inches and I have
they sent me two bundles of 22 and two
bottles of 20 so I use the two bundles
of 22 and like a little bit of the 20
and then I had to cut it to shape it
because there was such a different
differential between the hair the length
of the frontal and the length of the
bundles but I have enough left over that
I think for my next give I think later
on when I take my corn was out before I
well since I've washed and caramel my
hair I haven't really glued anything
down so I think I should be able to get
away with taking the corn without and
then styling my hair without having to
wash it first
cuz I wanna do like a slicked-back
ponytail because this hair brushed out
really really fluffs out really well and
I think that would be so cute do like a
ponytail I guess I put some bleach in
the back just I might go back and frost
the tips but this is lit this is lit
okay so let's get in to a makeup look
all the links for the hair we down below
I guess you know I never really talked
about like Shetty and stuff I bleach the
knots on my frontals and I cut the waves
so the hairs going to shed hair like
this I don't know if I would ever glue
this weight down because this hair will
tangle it's curly hair you see this it's
going it's going to tangle
alright so I finally put up my video
about my feelings on Dallas and it's
funny because you know I was slightly
trolling when I did the whole I hate
everywhere and people take it at me
saying I hate it Dallas like I said I
hate everywhere is probably the intro
I was making a joke of the way people
tend to come for you when you state your
opinion on a city but that also followed
that up with like I didn't hate living
in Dallas it's like that clearly came
out my mouth within the first to visit a
video but go off people taking it as
like all I did was stay downtown Dallas
that I was upset about my experience in
Dallas but I never got anywhere and it's
like you know and I get the whole
comments about me not having a car
because I get it it's kind of crazy to
live in Texas without a car but Dallas
really isn't that bad without a car it's
still morning
but people telling me they stuff to do
are all like I'm from there and there's
stuff to do and I'm like yeah which old
family you know my whole thing is like
when I think about stuff to do okay
we're gonna push this back now Oh Oh an
aside the vanity planet on Instagram
you'll be doing anyway cosmetic allusion
does he say cuz he'd be swaying it's
because even though whole look set me up
box a makeup that's like my actual color
and actual things and so I'm gonna use
some of this stuff class I need some you
organize on my makeup sis I got a little
trolley I'm trying to get my life
together let me tell so we're gonna go
in with some face primer I know I'm
putting on foundation today because I
I'm gonna record a pop smart oh my gosh
like six months later no I'm getting
into it I'm getting dead this is the
whole reason why my life together I
think I might have to put these pictures
lower in the back I really have to stage
this room I've been trying to like
decorate this room as though it's like a
room but it's not look only using this
room in a report video so I need to like
send this room love how I needed to be
set up to record some devil video so I
put pirate one so today I put some
foundation when I'm because in this case
vanity planet sent me the vanity diary
he went home with vanity planet he sent
me the next to nothing face color
illuminators and he sent me it one in
dark and one in
medium actually the same color as my
brows because I have pretty naturally
dark brows he sent me a bunch of this is
the goof proof pencil now I use the
precisely my brow which is a thinner
pencil this is a thicker one but we're
gonna try this because I haven't gotten
my brows done in a while it's been over
a month and I'm kind of enjoying like
this messy brow like this is pretty much
what my natural brow looks like now this
is what years of waxing and threading
has shaped my brows too and it's really
not that bad like I had a fat face mmm
oh that's what I was talking about girl
we'd be all over the place why I popped
them bites and pills in that macro and
Venus and right Renee hit and I stopped
with the macaron cuz don't have ID to
get caught out here so I'm using the
goof proof pencil in the number 5 which
is darker than the color I usually use
but I just read that Solange Knowles
interview for New York Times Magazine
and they commented on like her messy
brow look and so I'm like you know it's
a thing fianc√© and I both do it let me
try it but to finally tell this breaking
out story so as I keep saying and
stopping at the Venus at retro game part
but like a dummy
I took the biotin and I took it more
than once the first week I moved here
but I didn't have my stuff I mean I
didn't have any cooking utensils so I
was eating out the entire week and my
silly ass got to a point where for a
couple days in a row I had pizza which
is just done it's so dumb so what I'm I
think I'm having like a biotin rash if
that's the thing like I had a rash right
here around my face - I was trying that
bold hope lace glue which I like but I
was being messy with it and you really
shouldn't get it on your and skin ok
trying to figure out how to do this look
crazy and then I've been doing Maxie
arias is ma 60 I'm doing that we're
coupling I got through a whole week of
working out since I'm proud of myself
but my face broke out on top of that so
I had two pimples right here
I had a pimple in the dead center of my
back because I have a skin disease
already where my hair grows underneath
the skin and that causes black my pores
to get blocked so I have to be really
careful about sweating and like have
anywhere that hair girls on my body um
basically when I work out I need to take
a shower like immediately after working
out I should not sit around I need to
close up my pores get anything out of my
purse I shouldn't allow myself to sweat
like I've been sweating and then not
taking a shower immediately after
because the way my pores clog girl so I
think as you can see I'll sign it over
30 you know hormones be doing their own
thing so now I get hair that grows right
on here and I let a little patch right
here and I'm here like in the center of
my back like you just your whole body's
covered in hair so it's always weird
well I'll end up getting an ingrown at
way it's very thick so I'm just like
that I like the precise pencil better
because you have more control I
wondering someone who doesn't spend a
lot of time doing their makeup who will
be inclined to buy this is this really
helpful you know cuz I think sometimes
people buy the wider pencil thinking
it'll let them get their brows done
quicker this is a whole my so my
ingrowns I just have to be careful with
it was it was a little bit rough last
week managing the workouts I'm just not
a morning workout very fair I think it's
real cute for all y'all I wake up five
o'clock in the morning and to work out
like y'all really are doing something
having a why I have Milani cosmetics the
secret cover concealer thing what do you
have to clean my brows happy waking up I
like about seven eight o'clock if I go
to bed at a reasonable hour that's not
three o'clock in the morning like I have
been for this past week and then I
usually end up working out around like
four or five o'clock that's when I can
work out this one out plan you
definitely have to there's like a meal
plan with it and I'm I'm remiss to call
it a diet because it's not a diet you
really are just eating whole foods
let me fill my brows I'm with a gel so
they don't I know they sell one so proof
another pencil conditioning primer
Oh makes your brows this is also what I
use this is a gel that I use sometimes
when I really want like like I'm doing a
look look like we're going out for the
night that's the number five they even
sell a 4.5 which i think is probably
closer to my color brow powder do a lot
of products wow they got you covered put
me on your PR list is all right so we're
just gonna go with their good old and
faithful
Anastasia brow gel leave I have it in
the color chocolate this just helps so
like once I do my brows that they don't
move especially I don't know if it's
like particularly necessary but I have
long brow hairs and this just keeps them
in plate I keep losing my train of
thought now it should be used to it now
it's just I haven't when I also have a
whole new set up for like my makeup cuz
I'm just trying to not be a mess
I'd be so tired coming in the house and
I just have stuff everywhere I have wigs
cuz I'm making a wig natural hair
products because I just finished washing
and taking care of my own hair
paperwork everywhere to be able to
rewind this to see when I last says
pick up for my last thought I think I
was just talking about myself in my skin
disease yeah that pimple in the dead
center of my back was annoying but
fortunately I also know how to take care
of this oh and I was talking about the
meal plans it's not a diet it's just a
meal plan and you're basically eating a
lot she actually it's a surprising
amount of carbs I don't know that
naturally eat these many cards as she
has eating there's like a sweet potato a
day last week was like oatmeal every
morning for breakfast then brown rice
for lunch every day I typically don't
eat that many carbs I need a very high
fiber diet but it's basically like Whole
Foods like you're eating whole no
processed foods no processed sugars no
high sugar fruits it's all berries and
it's not that bad eating rice the
workouts just be rough bro they're not
rough rough but she really is making
sure that even if you proceed to not go
full-on because you're doing it by
yourself and you ain't got nobody in
there with you that you are still like
you work at some damn muscle yes she got
you working muscles my muscles aren't
work so I'm very proud that I got
through one week already I don't know
that I noticed a difference but I need
to weigh myself too so I can see keep
track of how much weight I lose I mean I
notice a slight difference but I spent a
lot of time in the mirror looking at
myself looking at my body and me like if
that harder has to work out you better
in lost no way ho
all right so the question I'm getting a
lot and this is likely the title of
video is am I going to apply for my PhD
this year so last year I had talked
about it and then I'm kind of concluded
that I wanted to this year
see if I think kind of get more of the
research that they want done in the
application if I felt like I would need
a stronger application to get in and I'm
kind of oscillating back and forth about
whether or not I want to take retake the
GRE because bruh everybody warned me so
let's use something I haven't used them
well since I bought it
this Fanta beauty I just don't think
this skinny finish is really doing
anything for me like my skin looks so
naked when I was talking to people about
taking the GRE and how like I was really
just taking it for the written
assignment to get a score on that
everyone was like you know it's not that
bad unless you get a science proms and
of course I got a science prompt and so
I didn't finish my essay and I ended up
scoring a four point five out of six and
I really want to score in the 5 to 6
range which means I need to go back and
basically score a 6 because they average
your scores when you take it more than
once
Hull's the whole the whole college
admissions like graduate school testing
is already cuz I've taken the GMAT
before - and I find that like this whole
system kind of just makes higher
education so inaccessible for so many
people but we trying to get into this
unaccessible sis concealer I didn't run
my brows is way too strong and since I'm
not actually putting another cream on
top I need so there's that I have to go
back and really beast this essay I
didn't study for the GRE and I did okay
on the English portion the math girl I
was like any mini my team oh I at that
time cuz I get to this essay I was not
worried about the math portion at all
and I I don't even move my squirrel us I
did study a little bit for the English
part because tests like that will get
you tripped up when you realize that the
way we read and use the English language
is so wrong why don't I put powder on my
eyes I don't know so aside from needing
to retake the GRE last year when I went
the whole thing about applying
don't stress me out a little bit because
last year when I did go on visit schools
I visited Vanderbilt which I love
and then I visited you Penn and then I
talked to a few other professors at a
few other programs and I honestly feel
like the world of academia is just so
unwelcoming and I feel like I've said
this before in another video
all right let's figure out what I shadow
you want to wear so of course we always
have Julie's place masquerade this is a
palette that I love the most I think
since we're doing a pop snark
and even if we might have to go back in
and do our foundation we can do a
serious serious I love here and really
give you something so Maya and then our
support Pro palette I have the warm
edition I was watching that girl who did
a video about doing makeup for cardi B
and how Carnegie was rude and she was
having a hard time pronouncing the names
on this palette I'm never gonna judge
someone for mispronouncing but I did
really I I do think it's interesting the
way that we view words so I'm not
judging her but she was having a hard
time pronouncing Fulani and I don't know
how else I would pronounce it like fool
ma9 Susana I might say but the way she
was saying it I was like maybe the
letters were scrubbed off but all right
let's go with Burkina for our crease
color
yeah the whole thing about applying for
school that whole prospect is a you know
when I went to UPenn and I met with the
head of the program she just kind of
laughed at me she did asked like
chuckled and was like you should do
broad you should do be like a one-woman
play she asked me if I ever considered
being an actress and I'm like no I don't
want to be an actor and I guess you know
maybe I have a dramatic way of talking
maybe I am quite the character but after
I tell you what I want to study and the
things that I do
and the reason why it was just really
kind of off-putting that her response to
me was you should do theater it was kind
of like girl don't waste your time
applying here because you're not going
to get in and you know I wasn't really
mad per se because one UPenn
typically doesn't meet with prospective
students which i don't necessarily
understand either because part of like
your application for a PhD history
program you have to explain who you want
to work with at the school and like what
your research is on and how that
particular professor would line up with
nothing you have to explain it but I
think part of the admissions process is
they do consider who their who their
staff is who their professors are and
who you would pair up to pair up with as
a mentor to help you through your
research I guess you know you Penn is an
Ivy League it's a brand name school so
you just kind of apply you google people
and you apply based on they work but a
lot of that also comes down to
personality so someone could have take
for instance write Duke University there
are certain people there that do
research on african-americans and their
economic standing now ideally it's like
you know I really admire the work of
some of them and take a darker Brown and
I'm just trying out with dr. brown on it
keep going for like a reddish brown
because I like the way that you know I
just like doing this
I really admire and appreciate the work
they do but these professors also can
sometimes be anti black woman and they
you know simply because somebody is in
the academic realm does not mean that
their politics are always going to be
healthy for how you identify they like
there's this one professor at Duke that
is constantly talking about gender Wars
and I'm just kind of like you know as a
black man I think to undermine the word
black women professors and who simply
target the work that they do as gender
war
I don't know something about that
doesn't sit right with all that to say
you know I like I like the work of
Dorothy Roberts but she's a long
professor I don't know who else I
figured who else I was looking at a pen
well that was the other thing a lot of
professors whose research interline with
the research that I would want to do
weren't they were adjacent to the
program they weren't actually professors
in the history program so they were
either in the School of Theology I think
or in the law school and and overall
though sometimes I'm just reaching out
like Vanderbilt was super super
welcoming and I really really like that
about and this is a total aside but I
finally got added to the Riya app which
is like for celebrities or whatever with
their I know celebrity and it's a lot of
regular folk on here but it's like
elitist and they make you like Logan to
do Instagram and you get wait-listed for
like forever and I literally think I
only got a D because my homeboy DS is
finally followed me on Instagram and it
was funny because we had gone out to
dinner and I saw like I do like a bright
color have IU's over yet to pick up
these these um glitter colors you
definitely have to wait your breath yeah
that's why I'm like dontoh it's like
everyday I really like van der mal and I
kind of only want to apply to Mandor
ballot but then it's back to the whole
point that my homeboy was making last
year is that you do not only apply to
one school and why would I do that but
then that also means like because this
is a program so research degree I have
to then do research about other programs
find other programs that are funded find
other professors that I want to work
with I want to study black women
contemporary black women not like we are
pretty much plentiful in this arena yes
I have a much more narrow and specific
topic that I want to discuss
we know by the Iranian I try to set
myself up so that the month of November
is a very dramatic I and about to record
like three videos today wow I'm not
smart if you're gonna record multiple
videos it's always good to do a neutral
look but you know hey you bout to get
blue eyeshadow for the next two weeks so
I guess I'm still considering other
programs it's a little late in the year
I also like just moved to Charlotte and
I'm not too keen on the idea that I
would move within a year of getting here
I know I move a lot I know I'm a very
transient person to a color underneath
of the I won't like I just have I shovel
away honey you know it's like there's
not really a funded PhD program or a
funded master's program in the Charlotte
area I'll go check out UNC see because
you just never know there's always
funding opportunity sometimes aren't
always and now me I just get my masters
instead of going for the ph.d I don't
know how I feel about this look it's
very uh it's a lot okay we're doing a
lot right now
we are yeah so that's what I'm at I'm
still looking at other programs and
reaching out to people which in the
world of academia I don't mind like cold
emailing people I don't have any problem
introducing myself to folks I'm pretty
much I am an extrovert may I just
there's something about just how in
comments our own history is and these
white powers of academia that is so
unwelcoming but I don't enjoy this
process oh also I'm working on the
podcast and likely to give you all some
tea it'll probably come out it's looking
like it's gonna come out this year and
we're gonna sup launch so thank you to
everyone who has continually donated to
my patreon I'm a horrible patreon person
because I don't really look onto the
site and up and I don't like do
incentives to keep people in to keep
people involved in my patreon but that
money is going to the podcast and we are
self producing so my money for the next
two months will probably likely just go
straight to release who was helping us
produce the episode girl that is a huge
lifesaver but I feel like black women
deserve to get paid when that works so
as much as Solis is always like don't
worry I caught you guys I'm alright girl
let me pay you and give you some point
for all the time you were putting into
this because you know the love of your
collab collabing with your friends and
people like myself does not pay your
bills so I also got this from vanity
diary the morphe blush palette I
actually like the morphe palette
products their eyeshadow palette it's
like eight dollars at Ulta breath I
bought it and returned it because I
don't clear the only no more eyeshadow
but if you're looking for like a cheap
you know trying to get in there like I
like this but I actually got a color pop
set to color pot blessing and it's weird
though because they don't have the names
or the color is on here and is this is
pressed face powder but I thought this
color was really pretty and I kind of
want to try this work because you know I
like the rosy snapchat filter cheek so I
think I'm gonna take free
that's a weird contrast but I wish it
did that but oh well we did it
whatever I'm also feeling like I should
do a new highlight because boobies gonna
shape up my color pop I like well this
is a pretty highlight color alright
we're gonna try this loose powders can
be so tricky have you guys ever gone out
after something and like I'm welcome to
the space I mean I should be used to it
I did I pledge but the whole process of
joining a sorority can feel super
unwelcoming but I think also like that
was nine years ago about to be ten years
ago and now I'm of the mindset that like
up too old to be like groveling for
people and also I think that probably
was also something that like shaped the
way I view going out for things like
this you get to the other side
you realize anyone's just human like you
what's something you were hella nervous
about going out for you got to it and
then you got to the other side he
realized why was you freaking out like
that but it helped excise you know one
of your own insecurities I asked on
Instagram for suggestions on where to
get my eyebrows done it I got a ton of
tips I need to actually put them in
place I also need to buy a car which I
think I'm probably gonna do this weekend
I'm gonna get me a little tea you know I
had a friend offer me a really good deal
on a car but because it's a private sale
I would have to put cash out and it's a
good deal but girl I'm trying to launch
this podcast for real Pharrell and I've
been talking about this for for everyone
is like when the hell when it's cut out
why are you always so vague about it I'd
be annoying I've never been a fan of
like pencil I like liquid I love
liquid I can do the gel the liquid
throws me but let's give it a try faces
are a hot mess so let's do it
oh my last two videos okay so I talked a
little bit about the Dallas one and like
just responding to some of the comments
but whatever I appreciate the
conversation you know and I appreciate
all of your y'all that loved eyelids
because I understand why people like
living there I get a video before that
about the its African cell black
Americans into slavery I'm really kind
of disappointed I want to say and I hope
maybe that like I have to remember a lot
of people don't comment especially on
those type videos because they don't
want to come across as like they're
worried about not being smart enough to
comment or I messed this up you know
they see the sort of negativity happen
in the comment section and they don't
want to get caught up in that they don't
want to argue arguing with anyone so
people won't comment on stuff like that
but this whole idea that like I'm
pandering to the African community is
laughable at best the other time I'm
being accused of being anti Africa like
when I did my video about why black
people don't travel to Africa and I get
that the title wasn't as
act as it could have been but clearly a
lot people don't understand how how
YouTube functions and what gets people
to click so I have YouTube channel y'all
don't that's what that is
but someone did happen to my Twitter
mentions pretty early on and accused me
of being African anti African because of
how I said that the way immigration in
America works creates a privileged class
of African immigrants and it was funny
because what's interesting about that is
the same thing that someone used to
accuse me of being into African the same
thing I was saying is the same thing
that people are saying to me to accuse
me of pandering to Africans like don't
you know that African immigrants
economically do better than African
Americans in America yes think I know
that I've read the data I know what
it is I get the policies and process
behind that but that doesn't mean that
you get to weaponize certain rhetoric to
be anti-immigrant like I don't disagree
with that sentiment but I disagree with
being xenophobic like duh and then
people being like well I don't know any
African Americans that that think like
this and I'm like I actually don't
really know any African Americans in my
day to day life that ever sit up and say
Africans all those into slavery but I
see it being pushed out by certain
people on YouTube one I've seen it
setting conversations on Twitter - I
definitely seen it said in conversation
or like panel discussions in YouTube
videos and I read it in books like where
they'll have a black character saying
that out loud in class and I'm just like
alright this isn't to say that everyone
thinks like this it is to say that if it
ever crossed your mind because when I
first heard it I was like okay well they
have a point don't they and then you
know I had to educate myself so you know
it's not to say that this is on the top
of people's minds it is to say that you
know hey let's all think a little deeper
about the ways in which the history that
precedes us impacts us currently but you
know I can't get caught up in worrying
about a handful of people versus
the plethora of people that I might not
hear from but that I have reached
otherwise I this look definitely
requires a lash this is also some
mascara somebody sent me this get rid of
me it's gonna be so long girl all right
so let's figure out the lip and the
lashes and then we shall be done what
are your goals for closing out this year
2018 um I hope everyone is priming
themselves to vote in this upcoming
midterm election and encouraging other
people around them to vote over cast
really change the color brown on and
it's down pretty like a pink color I
guess there's a suede lip pencil in Oh
hope and hot in it's funny because this
is not the color this definitely isn't
the color of the Copenhagen matte
lipcream if they have yeah but what do
y'all trying to work on a closeout this
year this election cycle is definitely
gonna be interesting I'm kind of trying
to tap out some of the news because I
don't want to be depressed all over
again like this my depression is in
check right now the Sun is still setting
at a reasonable hour so I don't want to
rush into like early depression season
at all this is a matte lipcream from Mac
and called burnt spice damn his name is
on the box
his first his government his whole
government hey hold on the postage arial
'arial damn i was going to say angel you
know what happened like four or five
years ago at a makeup event in LA I went
up to Angel the one that owns artist
foot to wear and asked me if his name
was Ariel I know they were two different
people I know who vanity diary is and I
know who macdaddy is but for some reason
I just mixed up his name and he was so
like how dare you talk to me like that
and I was like my bad the only thing I
don't like these Mac colors is the way
that they like dry off like they peel
off while you're eating or talking they
just chase a lot like they get mad so
quickly and then when throughout the day
as like your eating and stuff you will
constantly have to reapply these because
the way it peels off is just so like oh
okay so final look I felt a little
ambivalent about it this is something to
get used to I keep wanting to like make
it darker okay so final look I felt a
little ambivalent about it this is
something to get used to I keep wanting
to like make it darker alright thanks
for entertaining me thanks for watching
my get ready with me thanks for keeping
up with me and all my rambling there'll
be plenty more leave yes this hair is
everything else
