so now we're going to meet two brothers
who came over to Boise Idaho as refugees
when they were much younger and now
they're college students so they're a
bit more established and excited to meet
them let's go
hi everyone's going to come in behind me
hi jewelry nice to meet you
hi Patrick nice to meet you hello how
are you what are you watching YouTube
kids YouTube universe you have I okay I
live in Dallas Texas
Idaho is very different there's no black
people like you know I would love to
know where where - I mean you guys are
African so slightly different but where
you guys hang out like where is the
hangout spot what do you do you're 22
and how old are you amazing like three
black alarms on campus or when I go to
write and they're like you should go to
four last which you want to XP and HBC
useful oh yeah I'm gonna have you start
again just coming out here just so I can
get said it's a different flight so um
you guys just go inside and come
straight back up I like reality TV shows
oh I like the game
wait how's it coming we'll see they do
they have at school a dentist my homeboy
a dental degree from Howard I know your
girlfriend what do you got a robot Idaho
I know I'm where you don't even know why
girls out guys and then you said she's
in Stellenbosch a CF family in Cape Town
someone wash is very white like the
black you are only workers and they're
all legs and Bob Wayans
yeah not even cry a lot though why the
way that was very rampant with I feel
sad yeah he's so fast
really I didn't go did I did want to
stop that fire and cry I mean it should
watch bill Ramona I mean she white Gil
okay I don't know what I hate sure
what's that I go you're in kindergarten
I remember my kindergarten teachers name
was miss Cleary - Mac did you think mrs.
Mackenzie you like Miss Mackenzie is
that Mackenzie is that her first
oh yeah real special my country okay oh
my god said knives have your house yeah
that's the money you know how was it
integrating into like American society
like that's awful you so long the
hardest things out to do because
obviously not the things I've got the
most saw the lines of it none Tigers out
of this and like I was playing with the
lines of mine I never don't find in
Tigers with now cuz I out in the house
and I'm so this is like this kind of
stereotypes about Africans for the
coming in right if it's only middle
school so people just constant making
this assumption that you know this
person that person so you know what we
did is such an idea with home and there
it was like yeah mainly you know right
Lions kill lions and Alma's online who
commits popular on campus so they want
to ignore the fact that not every
African please lion but where else have
you wanted a state states well you know
be Seattle Portland you know just and
Michael Jackson is a scarecrow Bobby
Jackson yes Diana Ross is Dorothy you've
never known Freeman like that yeah year
like 70s like you have a whole lot of
like you went around the right kind of
black bow we're I gotta send you a
whisper things attention well so how
things have a difference between us and
our immigrant Francis I know they can go
back to their country number one what do
you thing about black lives matter I
think it's very important I think the
way it started in that you know black
women coming together and being on a
front line on the protesting because
black women are the future mind I give
you that no no no I'm let's move it I
know you all find you want that is
interesting because you this is a new
thing and you guys kind of you guys kind
of came in at the beginning like
thousand eight he might it was dumped in
it yeah well Bhama was it like a
president
no what does that have any good have any
meaning to you don't even realize what I
did yeah obviously all you know what it
was yeah I don't know what like I didn't
know the big thing about Obama in prison
to us people starts on the out black
yeah I didn't olive black okay right
okay yeah yeah I'm from Patrick yeah
blood alright mention those little boxes
with you hey I was telling you about
what they weren't cuz I have live will
tell me aa black with a different you
know
I became I was black right and I'd like
to know Africa okay cause I was one of
mine it so then gone that little bus
took this shitty I think why would we
change it African American why I'm like
what does it matter
yeah so then I thought oh this is all so
long about history of this country right
yeah I think with you know emerges from
immigrants come here and they just they
feel like because their community
thrives here that they're better than
African American I'm ELISA specifically
sweetie is nothing to you Wow yeah we're
not a couple like that you know it
specially like let me sneeze rift
between the two groups but what do you
think of that I hate that what I thought
bring this together right yeah pointless
together like a family feel from like
for example becoming Pacifica better at
income the state the white person
something you just a phenomenal person
do yeah it like so McQueen so maybe for
example like what recently happened with
LeBron like yeah here's a
multi-millionaire LeBron James you know
today you know like vandalism
unexpressed going and nigger and so much
yeah and it's not like so we're all is
it well on this together I don't know
what we're trying to separate the
teasing of the group so how do I think
this separation because people don't put
an effort in on either side like
african-americans don't necessarily try
to understand little why though well
because I think well why does any human
really try you know why people which is
like you try right when you come from a
very unique experience right I try but
I'm not the fattest class exactly so but
I think because it's an effort I think
most people don't like to read enemy
it's not in a movie there's nobody to
wash it like give you the whole history
of Africa and so people will just aren't
taking the effort to learn and then on
the same wavelength
other people like you've taken the time
to learn but I've been warning in the
time to learn because there's not like a
movie to watch and exactly lays it all
out for you unless oh wow oh my god you
know there was there was something easy
to digest it might be more prevalent but
um no no it's just no wise putting in
Africa for all lazy yeah well I think
the other thing is why Washington like
everything when a kid in here everything
was just white yeah and as a mama seems
like Asian people make some people in
but everything's wife yeah why is a and
s you haven't gotten a little bad you
know everything single for not Jesus is
white and everything they see is what
everything is just whitewashed clear
yeah you know and you don't see this
other quarter celebrated as much as you
see
and a little things for the newest
things like my watch movies they plug
out the criminal like no no this is that
much yeah so now we're changing it now
like YouTube and you know there's work
we have different TV shows that's
absolutely a flex once I change na+
sometimes was just kind of like when
people don't really like you know you
don't experience racism or whatever
somebody in your family didn't get shot
with yeah you don't consider like oh
it's not gonna happen to me so why
should i try exactly voice for it like
yeah it didn't happen to me a lot
so watch I can yeah like why should I
care and then when it happens to you
that's when you're like oh okay I got to
do something about and I want to be I
want to be like the main voice of this
and like speak about it but when it's
not your deal nobody wants to touch base
on yeah it's all song and I feel like
that's one of the biggest problems like
people don't want to like yeah be out
front I kind of like sorry oh yeah
speaking to that like you know how I
thought about like I had a Congolese
roommate in college and she was always
she had like a flag of a year yeah right
and so I was trying to figure out why
does she have a flag of a year I went to
DRC now and I feel like she's not that
mentioned Patrice Lumumba to me and so
there is a documentary but it's in
French
that's homie right there so I had to
like what you know I did was if you
don't really want to read the TV screen
while they're watching me but I read out
like you always have profound my man was
so here's the mouth of this political I
wasn't yeah but there was nothing
there's all out in the English context
to read up on him about or watch and you
know you can recently speeches and stuff
but French is a very long language to
return to be English it's very long yeah
I mean it's kind of like the same this
brand faint on who's kind of be from
Martinique yeah and you know he's become
popular
have you read fan screen on so they're
in a documentary on his book this is
narrated by Lauryn Hill and I feel like
the documentary is like a overview of
the scenes and wretched of the earth
because he was talking about
decolonization and question was what do
you think about the education system
here and I was taught you think that the
books that they use and what kind of
white Washington
oh I mean I thought then that was
anything anything is what we're
realizing in the age of number 45 right
like how did how did we get to this
point right great to me Shaw thank you
you get it oh okay I got you
she was there right
oh my gosh in the moment right we'll
look Africa and knock off your darks
yeah
my features Elmo get you and thank you
were central Africa really okay you I
would just make you hang out with a lot
of white people
oh no
