who inspired you simple unpopular
question that leads to complex responses
I've been on YouTube for seven years
I've evolved I've grown I've become
friends with people through the internet
let me tell you the way they've inspired
my evolution the cagey lifestyle has an
aura of warmth while holding great
business confident to remind me to know
my words gave my Worth and to always the
very means try to hug people with
compassion Yolanda is my favorite happy
she's an amazing mother committed to her
craft who has reminded me of the
greatness of sharing my wealth and
knowledge freedom while always
presenting mapa
police is overwhelmingly talented yet so
humble I might have to psilocybin her
paw so she can say it without test a
little bit louder and Armada of
technical proficiency that she's
willingly went to others just fear
challenge Jackie Jackie I ain't afraid
all hopes and dreams while showing with
consistent commitment with integrity
wheels and rewards how to play so
graciously without any blood spill how
to fight the good fight while keeping my
skin
everyone showed me how intellect can be
funny how if you do it over and over
improving your craft with patience and
precision of staying true to your
identity
they will come even better beyond Singh
so many women in this journey have
inspired my groups including the
brilliant smart brown girls who braved
my comments section to challenge and
adore B while helping me to find my life
I hope this inspiration can live on in
the circular energy of reciprocity but I
give you you give to me we all give to
find that light shine that light opening
the path of excellence and like each
portrait use the tools before you to
create something new much thanks or go
to creative class we're giving you the
tools to show the lights the sciences
