hey guys it's juicy and it's time for
another pop snark where we talk about
everything from the lowbrow to the
highbrow as long as your eyebrows are on
well mine's might be a step up but fleek
is a state of mind I said that being so
let us click click click in a clang
because I cannot let a few eyebrow hairs
keep the palm stalks from rolling watch
out I'm trying to get to a point of a
minimum to a month like I thought I was
there but apparently I ain't put it was
April my baby is we here all is we here
pour yourself a drink hit that thumbs up
button join the combo down below and
let's roll on into the key as always
this is a shop smart brown girl movement
it's the Lifeline that keeps this
movement flowing we now have vinyl decal
stickers in a very limited quantity I
know it's a be late for the graduation
caps but you can still put it on your
laptop I have one on my laptop this is
just congratulations to class
oh my little thing my tassel girl
somewhere over there
congratulations to the class of 2017
tank idiot Lee can't pop me oh if y'all
have topics related to like Kylie and
your life is here you always could even
in the comments down below too cuz you
know I could I could I could get there I
need to step my game up you know help us
sister out before we fully get into this
pops like let me address my hair it's a
weed $30 got it on Amazon Prime wig it
is the pop Utes boss copper we in color
1b supposedly you can also like take up
that idea to take some heat but girl I
took this issue right out of the package
plus some baby hairs and popped it right
to you
Hey I will have a link down below in the
description box and a push above how
many times episode
you know what it likes a good girl DDT
my mother is obsessed with mahogany
curls and mahogany Carl's has recently
ventured into the synthetic you know
affordable ways the wig with a girl
welcome to the club and my mother been
calling me asking me how to apply her
wig how to put her weight on her head
properly and style it and I was like my
mother this is just it wasn't it was a
disconnect it was a disconnect and how I
was communicating the tips and ish so
she saw said let me buy a wig and then I
will I will
FaceTime her and show her how I put I
have a FaceTime her yet cuz I'm hanging
in the streets girl but I'm gonna get to
it um you know look at that coming folks
look at us all inspiring let's lay down
ain't ever be so easy yeah welcome so
putting off doing a pop start because
it's mango juice um run by the way but
I've been putting off doing pops NARS
because there's just so much violence
and sadness and it makes no distant or I
don't know the where for where you push
that things to the back while feeling
shy low points of empathy I do really
want to address all of the sadness
because in part I believe that it's only
going to create closer and become more
radically violent we couldn't before
things ever get better but I don't
necessarily want to in part that's sort
of what is it
what is the word there's a word I'm not
a fatalist I'm going the bling girl oh I
have a serious level of fear um but I
don't necessarily want to impart that
sort of you know hmm juju are you guys I
do still feel a responsibility to
address it and maybe it wouldn't be so
bad if I just did Paisano frequently and
it wouldn't be like boom boom boom boom
boom gotta talk about other things that
might ever sell but girls I'm gonna be
longer you know make sure you real ready
so this is ease on to it Jeff Sessions
completed his first 100 days as the
Attorney General and I received a report
on all the horrible horrible horrible
horrible things he's been no fun
the lawyers committee of civil rights
under law compiled the report they're
the ones who sent it to me and I feel
like I should be humming follow the
drinking gourd
maybe the silver lining is that people
will be forced to rethink that sentiment
of Obama did nothing for black folks
Isis has revoked a 26 directed aimed at
phasing out the use of private prisons
for federal inmates it's a great time to
buy prison stocks if you forgotten your
morals and he reignited the war on drugs
though since the rise of white people
drugs as an opiates and meth what does
this mean for the suburban white
community that made number 45 a thing
hmm if you didn't know I would like to
remind you white men who are terrorists
white supremacists have killed more
people than any immigrants from the
countries that Trump placed on his
travel ban Richard Collins the third of
Bowie State students stabbed while
visiting friends at the University of
Maryland visiting friends the day before
his graduation I don't know that I want
to imagine the pain
family event there's no rhyme or reason
here and then the state police don't
want to call it a hate crime do I just
slide the frame right to the next
terrorist killing of two men in Portland
Oregon whose throats were slashed by a
man who was harassing a young Muslim
woman wearing her job and her black
friend what in the entire blue back like
I have nothing elegant or touching or
inspiring here because I fall every
Middle America and not the hillbilly
working class with the upper class why
people who relate to Ramona on Real
Housewives of New York City Pinot Grigio
drink and think that pepper the onion on
a skewer will season your meat white
people that empower this sort of
terrorism woefully ignoring the blood
that is on their hands as they convolute
facts to fit in with their own agenda if
you want to be sad and laugh at the same
time watch get me Roger stone on Netflix
white men are going to ruin us all legit
legit since going to the Dallas protests
that was shot up when being in rooms of
people like concerts and just realizing
how easy it is for someone to tip the
scale from a joyful moment to terror is
a horrible horrible feeling to live with
especially considering how young ariana
grande's Ben bass is you know for me as
a 32 year old to go through that feeling
and have to you know psychologically
move on with your life and get over that
I just what a fucking nightmare to live
through with the Manchester bombing what
do we do where do we go from here I mean
this is not a problem of us this is a
problem of higher powers that the most I
can make of this is decide on what you
want your legacy to be when our present
becomes history books what they do you
want to represent dj khaled
they decided on that will help us move
forward and find some light in the
darkness you'll find your role how are
you going to handle and push forward
with this so let us all exhale and
really take a moment number 45 visits
the Vatican and the Pope is highly
blessed and um bothered permanently the
jokes keep writing themselves with
Melania the step for wife and Ivanka the
mediocre how many to tell the story here
I grew up in a black neighborhood my god
they was exist in Delaware suburban
somebody attached how homes Erica's mom
sews water ice and penny candy saving up
my nickels for some Snider passes
miracles house was held up by a jack
like it was so weird it was legit a toll
house then there was evany who
introduced me to the hood delicacies my
father would never allow into our
kitchen like syrup sandwich is not
nigger
mind blown evany also told on me when I
say damn no one told me that was a curse
word
and my second behind but most
fascinating in my neighborhood was the
white family whose townhouse was
attached to Ebony's and directly across
you from mine they had one son Patrick I
think though I might just think that cuz
they was a family we're headed but this
little red-haired white boy was odd my
most vivid memory of Patrick who legit
was like a Tyler when I was like 12 so I
was like four or five was him walking
himself into the middle of the street to
take a shit because Wow and Patrick
dropping snicker dukey's in the middle
of the block it's the same performance
that number 45 put on this week in
Europe it's a conundrum that the
comb-over tangerine can find a billion
dollar arm deal with Saudi Arabia the
country that funds terrorism that Obama
tall dead like Obama went to Saudi and
told the King I
Dula whoever he is he told that means
y'all gotta step it up and get your
wealthy private citizens together and
stop them from funding terrorism and put
your money where your mouth is would by
combating terrorism and to by taking in
displaced people I eat refugee did the
moldy orange say any of that what if I
really just met his homey ain't went
France
speaking of congratulations to friends
y'all still races it's fun but y'all
forever has some interest that very
ladies I met on Carla Bruni album still
those hard McCrone how do you say yeah I
just want to call it a macaroon cuz that
makes me happy but I'm delighted y'all
did not elect a fear mongering white
nationalist I might learn me some French
and move to France you know to have an
aside because we're gonna be 30 minutes
here anyway let's just take her time I
was thinking cuz I had the misfortune of
watching a Canadian Nigerian girl who
figured out the trick to the clicks for
adsence coin it's pandering to the
alt-right movement as in white
nationalist white supremacy racist Nazis
like trolls essentially except for the
Charles are like middle America suburban
white people but in this video she was
reading off stats about black folks and
then made a comparison to the stats of
Nigerians in America it's not we not
even about to do to to do that or
entertain that but my thought was you
know cuz my pushback is always well it's
a disproportionate skewed statistic
right because you're analyzing a group
of people who left there ain't shit
cousins back in a home country well
where can I go and leave my podunk
family back behind bro like where can
African Americans flee to like if the
fallacy of the American Dream is a thing
for other people where can we go where
we would be treated better
aha friends and the country already has
a long history with the literati of
African Americans Oh fine reprieve and
being able to flex some privilege
amongst white folks yeah they are racist
again I mean they make the races against
Africans but like there is a
to enter into American society and
position yourself as different type of
or other than black
I mean basically like I think not to you
know go too deep into this but African
Americans have a built-in distrust that
white boat it might be different for
someone immigrating here considering
like history brahbrah
I got a whole new video on it and so
this day way that someone could
immigrate here and kind of be able to
enter into a room with more trust and I
would as an African American amongst
white folks I could go to France because
I said them at the different type of
light compared to Americans and enter in
with a different level of trust does
that make sense
are we are we still here girls would say
it's a BL drink I'll take a bit I'm just
thinking like the Nigerians already
Houston the Jamaicans and Flatbush the
Haitians and Miami
yo African Americans could get liddie in
a city of friends like someone in the
comments let me know which city might be
the Papa where we can go Gaby is about a
water no infrastructure it's this are
the roads no potholes please thank you
don't even like French food imagine is a
lot of sauces let's get delighted with
some black girl magical smart brown car
house yeah love love love love I love
brats
oh my gosh look Missy Elliott's cover
story with Elle magazine the interview
is just I did not expect for it to be so
cathartic like I read it because it was
Missy and she was on the cover and like
you know Missy me so many things to me
as a young black girl in the nineties
but Rachel cognize Egon says excuse my
tongue oppressed by white supremacy did
I get that correctly is an amazing
writer profiler at her pen game oh I
just want to she considers herself an
essayist I didn't even know I'm out to
like step my game up can I get there
which you Rachel her interview questions
are like cannot just let me wax poetic
switch you do go read that interview it
is a sunshine beam of inspiration that
we all we all need to soak in Solange
Knowles is on the cover of Teen Vogue
writing a letter to her teenage self
then there will be so many moments of
joy and delight that the whole universe
before painted in hues of amber and
Wonder yes to stop it wasn't even like
crunchy berries like that bright he was
just like oh I want to grease myself
down and coconut oil light this candle
sage my hope I was oh make this the
temple of my Familia I love it and I
wish to have her bank account no I know
that's a false belief in relief that
wine but y'all can't tell me if I don't
have to worry about how my bills are
gonna be paid while taking any trip I
went I just believed that level of care
freeness I could like I could rise to
the level of Solange to you know I could
get there I could elevate my artistic
creative mind bro the writing and words
of black women is so necessary as I take
this great mm-hmm even when reading some
depressing Lee likes a dish like how
Flint water crisis is still a crisis
been out of woo me for BuzzFeed covers
that and I am a big fan of her writing
also like I would highly suggest
revisiting some of Rachel Cudahy ganses
bra her Missy Elliott piece is titled
her eyes were watching the stars she did
one of the first interview dr. Dave
Chappelle reappeared from his sporadic
sabbatical entitled if he hollers let
him go do I get a church stop sisters go
read
right yeah I say Giselle Knowles Carter
had a push party and I really probably
should have opened with this because
you're probably wondering why do I have
all this teacher outfit dress girl
because Beyonce's African theme push
party she rock a burkina bag literally
the company's name Burkina Bay it's a
play on what people from burkina faso
call themselves because it's owned by a
young lady from burkina faso right child
to say Kyra nail and a skirt by Ruben
Raoul who that's what my dressing is
from and I had it before Beyonce even
discovered him I be on I'll be on it I
just love everything and then some about
Tina Knowles Lawson be such a black as
mama what her IT videos and captions one
of her videos Fela song lady is playing
which I was gonna take the law because
lady is the song you just put on when
they need to go to the bathroom because
it has like a six minute intro and it's
one of the songs by action of the lyrics
to because it's that page in English
like if you call a woman Africa woman no
go but yeah jay-z was co-producer on the
fail out Broadway play that was oh that
was an experience that was a lik show
bruh it was like dancing in the aisles
like literally it was interactive like
you got up in days yo see now the
question though if the I say drops twins
during Gemini sings now we already think
that like wasting like that when I have
or not oh like what what what is its
twin boys oh my oh my it's funny because
Northwest is a Gemini and when Kim
Kardashian talks about her she always
mentions how mean or selfish her
daughter is it was like three or four oh
you can judge me all you want but I am
super excited to see these twins
see who they look like y'all know Tina
has that strong brow bone the signature
of all her offsprings offspring and what
Beyonce's body won't look like after
these twin brush she's over there well
she's 35 pregnant with twins
master of nine season two is on Netflix
the thanks giving episode brah I want to
tell everyone about how great that
episode is I don't watch it like two
three maybe four times Ken Whitley and
Angela Bassett had me on the lower their
synergy was just so effortless and
little weight was one of the first
people that I interviewed under my smart
Brown girls feelings I got you check it
out the music really for the whole
season is just I need to pull up my
Shazam and let like let me get that
track also I love love love the iHub New
York episode with a deaf couple I'm sure
that made the deaf community happy
because people tend to look at them like
they can't go through the same mundane
problems hearing adults do that they
don't realize that they are they're own
functioning community like they are it's
a language it's a thing I mean I'm
actually kind of proud of that and
understood a good bit of the
conversation ever happen you know I
could sign my name okay you eat l zy hey
I'm beautiful thank you good guys say it
again that Thanksgiving episode is just
extra special because the whole damn
family wants to set the world on fire I
know the Russia stuff is annoying
never-ending however it is important to
pay attention to what's happening
domestically and I keep going back to
what has Obama done for Black Bolt
conversation because many of us don't
understand the domestic policies that
impact our day today Jared Kushner
son-in-law to the tangerine Mussolini on
section 8 housing and is financially
raping his tenants in small claims court
overpayments do before he was ever their
landlord getting one over on the super
vulnerable who don't have the access
know how our paper trail to properly
defend themselves the New York Times
write-up on it girl I mean
really though you should read the
write-up on the housing inequality and
how each one of us as middle class and
upper middle class homeowners
preserve the housing and equity it's
depressing but very informative and less
depressing if you realize how many more
people can understand the systems of
oppression that we uphold because white
men aren't the only ones who revel in
being the oppressor
we have Lavar ball showing us just how
much black men want to be nothing more
than the damn oppressor themselves he is
not the same as mathew knowles or
richard williams father of serena this
fake me our black fathers don't get any
love trope that's a lie it's respectful
of our ball
who loves no one but himself using his
children as a ticket to justify his
inflated ego selling a four hundred and
ninety five dollars shoe with no refund
policy and now this is not a smart
business move folks don't even
understand the research operations and
legal costs that go into producing an
athletic sneaker folks calculating gross
based off a two hundred sales like the
taiwanese factory about to pump out some
high-quality sneaker at the low low for
such a low low low order quantity we
don't even need to get to him marrying a
white woman for her genes those are his
words or how badly he berated the young
black coach at his son's high school
levar ball is not for the community
levar ball is for levar balls II go
clear Monique comes for Tyler Perry
Oprah and Lee Daniels is this new news I
watched like a brief part of the comedy
clip I thought it was be known that
Monique had a strong gripe against the
bottoms and their fairy godmother Lee
Dale's is just as exploitative as they
come and Tyler it's just mad that
Oprah's so steadfastly backs the both of
them has always been a question in the
back of my
i watch they'd be half a monique's
discussion with her husband Sidney idk
emits a podcast or radio show or
whatever I just wanted Sidney to shut up
stop talking if they were happily
married girl fine but let Monique carry
her own story it doesn't wear well with
him having so much to say I hate the way
we immediately castrate black women I
don't have that much fault to take up
wit Monique Oprah was this wrong for the
way she had Monique's brother who
sexually assaulted her and then
Monique's mother and father on the show
it's just so unnecessary I would have
more than just an issue by so personally
with Oprah but I need you I just need
her to properly apologize and
acknowledge why you were wrong I think
maybe monique is looking for some sort
of explanation
now do I entirely agree with Monique
type of blue or off-color humor um but
I'm not about to jump on the anti
Monique bow because I feel like it
actually has more to do with how we talk
so down to black women are so ready to
stereotype them and put them in some
bitter black woman box versus really
hearing them out and like understanding
where they're coming from
alright that is it I tried to catch up
on what I could I hope it was good let
me know what you're drinking and
thinking in the comment section down
below and as always shop smart brown
girl calm
