hey if you guys didn't pay attention I'm
kind of Adobe's make it an asshole brand
ambassador team for 2017 and I recently
went to San Francisco with this so I
wasn't really sure what a lot of this
project was going to entail as far as
the trip to San Francisco and if you
probably for a while as you probably
realize I'm not really the best blogger
what's been thinking about this project
in terms of like it'd be a traveling and
don't really think in terms of like
visual impact I usually think in terms
of the impact of my words
as you know there were so many thoughts
that were running through my mind our
realization that I had during this trip
to San Francisco that I couldn't really
catch with in what we were doing while
we was there in the world
wait what I really think I am boss I
walk out the house on a Sports Bra like
my ish is anywhere near snatch boo boo
one of the biggest realizations is
really tied into houses dope overall
this project so put some context I
started college as a fine arts major I
really went to get into the arts but I
didn't really come from the background
where I had the access or the resources
to understand what that really meant and
why the problem with me continuing my
college degree in the arts was I
couldn't afford Adobe software I'm
really poignant when I realized who the
rest of the influencers and I was
collaborating with are like super duper
talented folks miss zag I never even
thought disease to be career paths or
industries they do to be successful is I
ended up just getting my degree in
sociology because part of why I love PR
that artists
because they'll be moving to create a
clouds and understanding that they
provide a tool that allows you to define
their dreams their ideas and making that
more accessible for my Tabitha I like to
comment beyond of founding a new
creative team behind adobe creative
marketing and they've been have some
great work with them we need to have
change pretty dramatically and they're
often skills of our design school I
think the way you value yourself in work
constant I did not forget about my smart
brown girls I had an interview with
April black women in management
leadership was not respecting work to do
what an effective functional area I
think it's something that is overlooked
when people are thinking about you know
careers in STEM fields is usually
thinking about the engineer the product
manager for a marketing manager but
really when you think of step back and
look at how businesses run and how to
operate without that operations leader
you essentially have a bunch of leaders
to maybe run in a different direction
and so it's super great to be bringing
the impact woman of Adobe Creative Cloud
you guys and I'm looking for
to make this an awesome experience for
smart well girl because it need to be so
more accessible for us dr. Luther Jim
ja wohl don't create a project the
opportunity market
