hey guys with Josie and we're going to
do a get ready with me because I have no
motivation and I haven't prep a video um
or real videos of my laptop smart
because I keep thinking to do videos and
then be like huh I didn't get ready with
me because going through your 30 while
you watch Donald Trump burned down the
world is no fun for anyone so let's
bring some joy through makeup okay is
going out anywhere oh okay yeah funny
Marcel you know I owe you guys video so
just smooth a time in funk when I'm in
it's not like a real like I'm not
depressed I'm just like I just I don't
know there's I'm not what's the word
inspired one thing is promise my
eyebrows are atrocious because my
eyebrow lady honey just had a baby and
she's not coming back until June even
though sturgeon are back when a girl
when I tell you this struggle happening
on my face right now it's just like for
why like I've been doing I'm using my
benefit brow Kapow clean gel whatever
you want to call this just go in my brow
even with my brow messy this is like a
game-changer my brother was still
looking crazy so I'm going to go ahead
and clean them up with my Mac Studio Pro
I keep wanting to do videos on different
topics like I wanted to do one on
Phaedra and Kandi's friendship but then
I get down to and I'm like what am I
really talking about
I don't want to do but it's just gossip
and no losing
picking my Laura Mercier tinted
moisturizer
I got it in bronze because I swear I'm
darker than what I am girl so excuse me
if I change a whole couple colors here
just don't mind me I also want to do a
video on the bikini with McCune cocoon
girl but film Cookman has a on a
bethune-cookman controversy but then it
was like hmm how's my girl like how
would I want to approach her right
because the cool cook hot girl can I get
my wire together but zoom could mean not
I mean we had a good hmm reputation
since I was in high school and I
graduated high school in 2003 my dad
found a family most of them have gone
through pursuing Cookman at one point in
time and I just remember like when being
around my dad's family was very good
trick I love them but it just seems like
coming out of the school there wasn't a
whole lot of resources or access to
things that you should be able to get
our college but in the same breath you
know I have pretty you know I have
strong opinions on everything I don't
necessarily want to do a video what
about the film Cookman that comes off as
me to writing people who get degrees
from resume cook man right because they
serve an underserved community and it
just isn't fair to take the actions of
the administration and which is
definitely putting the school in a bad
light I don't know who the incoming
class won't be a discipline gun cuz pump
but so Cookman was pretty much the
reason why I didn't apply to any school
in Florida like I didn't even apply to
FAMU because I saw it all the schools
down that we're gonna be spam a little
bit soon and I just remember it was just
only information I need to go gobble go
rule energy
from the time I spent here two campuses
so I wanted arrived here with a good
degrees from there right because you
know as much access as the school might
not give them in the long run they it
does give them an opportunity to that
maybe they couldn't get elsewhere and no
I don't want to I don't really believe
in the elitism of like that's a life and
if I don't believe elitism cuz I'm a
delta but it was an article and very
smart brothers like a couple weeks ago
talking about or was about blabbetty
girls know what could have been on very
smart brothers they have entire news on
blabbing after Beyonce did that um
announced her scholarship in partnership
with the Michelle Obama
somebody somebody did an article on glad
that you're talking about being lead ism
of HBCUs and like brand name HBCUs and
aside favorite what major HBCU good is
it's a lumpy Network part of it also is
the academic and the resources you get
up to campus it's like a school like
Howard and you know I went to Howard for
all the one semester side you know and
it is but the amount of work that the
Alumni Association put into reaching
that outswim on me and making sure
they're engage and what's going on with
the school and raising money for the
scene with coming back to homecoming and
all these things you know it really
asked how much other people who don't
want to be school Nova so how much main
recognition it goes because everybody
knows someone we went for hours just
like with being you
I didn't realize how strong the family
network was I myself got out of college
and I was like hey so I didn't really
understand the value of a alumni network
until I became a college alum me myself
and trying to just move your life
whether you are an Oxford knew where you
want to work on a certain career field
I thought the HBCUs can't be brand name
because I look at my friends who want
the Ivy League
this is artist Couture highlight and
conceit it just a little bit and I still
think that alumni networks at HBCUs are
stronger than the alumni networks of the
Ivy League programs my friends went to
because a lot of my Ivy League friends
are more just everyone recognizes the
name of their schools that have really
good alumni networks or HBCUs I had to
pop at homecoming and then say school
that have good sport see everybody wants
to go to homecoming either you're going
a homecoming for the homecoming football
game we're going to homecoming from some
grated homecoming on earth okay stop
just make a wish to say I'm stumbling
over my words I'm excited
you know what critical thought I cannot
really answer this conversation I think
it's just really unfortunate what the
administration is playing out to the
kids who pay to go to that school like
I'll be mad as hell
will you get into the real world and
realize all the things your program did
not set you up for its will here in
these streets
okay oh look at my below looking like us
below it so I was going to do a video
series about what Trump does like that
now in order to encapsulate all the
things going on within his presidency
because there are too many moving people
but it's my girl every time you turn on
the news everybody is freaking out and
I'll just it's scratched schoolgirl like
oh I guess it just sticks in your leg
are we all hold down we go down I like
doctor another thing that I'm like I
don't necessarily want to add to the
incident airiness of incision area that
we're gonna use it as this time period
under number 45 I just ain't wanna add
to that so I like rush but oh well I
think also I'm just getting over how
wack my love life is a 30 to cook girl
this YouTube has been doing a number on
me it's just like I like the past 4 5 5
Negroes I have sought to get my time to
and it must be something in the Texas
water basically has moving to Texas I
just can't get men to treat me like I'm
a human being with actual emotion maybe
they just thought lying to me when
they'd be like you really just have so
much going on and we do need it's just
baby trying to use my youtube in
the wood they perceive as a success
lemongrass and a long way to go as
reasons to why they didn't consider the
fact that like their actions would hurt
my knee I will be doing a fuck-boy City
so that is absolutely what I'm going to
do they run this by y'all now while we
doing if you're ready with me girl I'm
anything my little brush tip does this
corner of my eye and I don't feel like
it enough okay we can do it like this
we're gonna make a mess
okay one two three oh my god her I got
her she in there
mmm okay now we got a we have to line
the bottom I don't have the right brush
to do that
I'm a mess okay so these are the parts I
came up with basically the idea is that
it would be a series and talking to you
from the angle of dealing with left boys
but this is also applicable to other
relationships in our lives because it's
not like only the people weekday are the
ones that screw us over
just completely although as you all have
poppin careers and big love and families
when you know let me just be perfect on
the way let me not put that out into the
air everybody needs someone one would be
lying ever since naturally need to let
the come in my video about how much
you'd be laughing when I set my face
when I I research or whatever you call
this is where I was like maybe I'm doing
too much maybe I should just let it go
let it go okay
did I do that better this stuff smells
like lettuce the Urban Decay makeup
setting spray it's just it it doesn't
stink but it does smell like it's just
such a weird thing where the smell life
and I put some eyeliner on even though
I've been staying away from eyeliner for
no other reason that I'm just too lazy
when it comes to having to wash my face
back there which and I'm going to do a
side cleanse I can like pack it on
actually meant to do away more dramatic
look than this
Touche - ladies just let me get back to
this with you so one would be when
the we lie number two would be I
just had it in my hair oh my gosh and I
just left me oh I remember the Platonic
Club boys were just there to rescue pack
I don't adjust me am I the only one
who's gone through a situation where
you've been talking to someone for a
minute and compliances we might not be
so how about sex don't lie play me don't
try to clean me and then they pull the
oh well it's just clip on a Negroes
trying to come up all and steal from a
yo magic and then clean religious
platonic baby
so yes the platonic way Co timeless boy
gotta be to do I put this one with the
lying or do I do a whole one about the
boy and the other woman plus boy is
emotional manipulation you have the last
few situations surprise about reach them
just in my thirty will maybe uncle Emily
right and I'm not a very big Gator ever
in my life so okay so I put the lashes
on off-camera there are Dell studio
double good C's I filled with our doll
lashes okay then I was looking in the
mirror and I realized I don't like super
summery lip line from the time but I
love lover of zebras and I had initially
pulled out a deep red lips and Julie I
love wearing dark justice so I have
pulled out a deep red lipstick I put on
it's not alone and I just put my mop on
I did mm-hmm yes I just put night off
hunt and that's not where I live liar
okay who's a hot mess I'll be the hot
I'm gonna do too many things at one time
I'll go into a video about hmm I don't
know so I want to do it I have these
ideas I can't kind of settle on how I
want to meet it in the middle right like
people have mentioned and I think that
um I don't know how you come up with I
don't really talk about my who I'm
actually dating this idea that I'd be
Abraham in people by asking me that
because they they are acutely aware that
there is kind of like a subculture to I
want to say there's like a I don't even
know is that really like a thing amongst
african-american women who are pursuing
or find African man to be desirable in
it is that like a thing as what if I
think it is am I just looking he's
moving to Texas I have actually dated
African men I had not really prior for
that in a healthy african-american ounce
of Caribbean listen touches are also
stated an actor I just don't cause much
drama
that's why I never bring out that like I
say relatives we do started ways for
reasons that actually make sense back
into say let's have a whole fiancee
somewhere else or even living with them
I have noticed like amongst like the
Facebook travel group on end that brush
is setting and not have fare all over my
lips there is like a group of there kind
of is like those constant talk about
with wish ethnicity of men are more
desirable amongst the African Diaspora
and I kind of get why there's an appeal
towards for an african-american towards
marrying into an African family and I
think it's an interesting conversation
to have right because the appeal also
comes with some definite downside I hmm
let me finish up this look and I'll be
right back okay I had curled this wig
the other day but I guess the way I said
it I'm probably have to recur late she's
trying to give you all all the suburban
woman teeth I could give you clearly
they're the only live gonna make it
through these hard times at this point
but this is the final look if are you
enjoying it I like my turban looks
better actually which is what I haven't
really been wearing any wigs but you
know sometimes you just want to floss
without shaking my hand like on the case
just giving you some suburban girl teeth
as always and hopefully I'll have a pop
mark up soon smart brown girl is here to
stay if you have any topic that you
would like me to discuss anything a part
of the fuck-boy catalog will get you
know help me come up with some good
ideas for leave them in the comments
down below
oh and so late in the game but I have
stickers for graduation caps and a smart
bro girl shot
I mean almost all people graduate in
June that may love you guys thanks for
watching I always feel like these keys
are so dry sometimes thank y'all we
having so much fun I'd be like girl I'll
just be ramble about nothing
don't you love that feather I love it I
love it when wait you can
