hi guys my name is Josie and I hate
living everywhere so let's talk about
how I felt about living in Dallas Texas
so people can argue and come at me in
the comments section down below
are you ready cuz I am alright so how
I'm gonna approach this there are things
that I loved and think that I was
indifferent about I did not hate living
in Dallas
well after my thoughts about Dallas I
say Dallas is like a boring generic
major suburb that's pretty much how I
feel about that sexist now what I liked
about Dallas was I loved DFW Airport
I collected mad miles this close to
being executive platinum status on
American Airlines
I loved the efficiency I loved the
prices of the flights
I loved how accessible and easy it is as
a city to get in and out of and because
American Airlines is headquartered there
and Southwest is headquartered there
there's literally no place in the United
States that I couldn't get to on a
direct flight like what's at Boise Idaho
for a project direct flight that's not
that big of a deal Nashville I mean I
guess I don't know where else I like
random places I've been to I live
downtown Dallas I could literally get on
the train and go into terminal a at the
f/w I'd like that even for suburban City
there was like some sort of public
transportation that made during process
to be a bit more accessible I love my
cost of living if anything I do not
regret living in Dallas I live there for
a little over two years can you believe
it
move there March of 2016 and I moved out
August 2018 best shy of two and a half
on point two and a half two and a half
years not only is cost of living the
cost of the apartment but it's also like
how much space sighs can I get and
because yes I'm a person who used to
live in New York City location doesn't
matter to me so no I'm not willing to
move out to East Bumblefuck and be out
in the woods and the six there was
downtown there were things happening I
was at missed the bars and the
restaurants and the Arts District and
that stuff that matters to me I was in
the mix of that on top of my ret not
being expensive and I just genuinely
actually like physically liked my
apartment I liked the apartment that I
lived in
is when the French places I lived in
where I decorated and when I hung up
artwork where like it was home it was my
space was my place and I felt at home
when I was in it I was like the
neighborhood I live near farmers market
um so that was cool you know my biggest
complaint about houses I just did not
see black people a lot part of that is
because where I lived I lived in
downtown Dallas which is like a business
district and also a part of that it's
like the history of how Dallas was
formed and the way the politics of
Dallas and all these other things those
things you do to matter to me yeah I
think in general I'm not a real estate
agent psyche I shy away from giving
people suggestions about whether or not
they should move to some place but I
will say a benefit that's good for
Dallas that wasn't necessarily
particular to me well maybe it was
because part of the reason that I moved
to Dallas from Houston Texas was that
brands were hitting me up and they were
saying you know if you were in Dallas
it's a major market we could do more
with you there would be more opportunity
and it was sure I moved to Dallas and I
got a ton more opportunity doors really
opened up for me just been very blessed
that my time does you know I went
through a whole lawsuit with my former
manager while I live in Dallas and I
don't know that I could have really
lived anywhere else and been able to
have weathered that storm so for that I
am definitely grateful you know sort of
circle back to the point about I shy
away from time people giving people
advice on whether to live in a city or
not I'm not a real estate agent I don't
know you I don't know your family I
don't know your energy your personality
your aspirations your goals I just don't
know enough about you to tell you and I
feel like anyone who you should be
seeking moving advice from should be
someone that knows you a little bit more
intimately than someone who you just see
online to connect it to the point about
people telling me to move to Dallas
because there are lifestyle companies
because lifestyle companies are
headquartered in Dallas and I would work
with them more so as an influencer or in
contract there but if you looking for a
job the job market in Dallas is great
you know like any major CPG which is a
consumer packaged goods Wow forgetting
my acronyms but any CPG company
definitely has an Operations hub
centered in Dallas Dallas is like the
hub for the Southwest market it's part
of the hub for the southern market I
know sometimes people think of Atlanta
but when you think of like operations
the state of Georgia only has one
Airport and that is ATL so it's very
difficult
and out of DFW and DL like Airport this
is more technical people care but Dallas
is just a really good port for a lot of
things so like Pepsi lace not Snapple
that's all one company Toyota's now had
quitted their Verizon is American
Airlines Southwest is it Mary Kay or
Avon or both of them JC Penney's Neiman
Marcus all the beauty brands come
through Dallas style halls based in
Dallas there's one or two makeup company
that is headquartered in Dallas as well
but I don't really know I just know I
was like getting him fine I would get
invited to actual events I would happen
to never be home when these events were
happening but like a lot of the liquor
companies would do major events all the
makeup companies I would get invitation
to that beautycon happened the first
year that I lived in Dallas didn't come
back but it was a great time when it did
happen um you know I got to see a lot of
my friends on YouTube because they would
come through Dallas at some point in
time I think part of sacrificing living
outside of New York or LA for someone
like myself is that I don't get a lot of
face time with people now and I felt
like Dallas was a good middle brown
because I still like both I'm in a
public policy cohort for Google and
there will be events and stuff
especially for the like Latino market
that happened in Dallas and you know my
cohorts will come through Dallas and I
get to sit and talk with them and chat
with him whatever New Orleans is really
close when stuffs popping off there I
can just easily get there and I really
appreciate just being in a city like
regardless of whether I like the city
itself or not it's that I'm at a point
where I don't want to be tethered to a
city so I don't necessarily need to love
the city I need to love the life that I
live in that city really enjoyed the
fact that when I was tired of Dallas and
I want to get out and go on a trip that
both because of the cost of living both
because flights are easy to get there
and they're cheap both because I can get
my opportunity and stock my bread like
all these kind of things that I enjoyed
about the city came together and made
that very feasible for me so I had a
lifestyle that was closer to the
lifestyle that I would like to live
there's some things that were
uh you know I think I've expensed my
time there and so now the things that I
did so much care about you know I'm
ready to go so what I didn't so much
care about is I wholeheartedly stand by
this statement I think Dallas lacks
culture
yes it's Texas there's Mexican Hispanic
culture but even that I feel like in
particular in Dallas is very whitewashed
like tex-mex is is the interesting
concept to me and that you put cheese on
everything and you take away the spice
and you call it something good and I
just was like but the seasoning sis
we're and I had some good I think
everything just gets called tex-mex in
Dallas even though I had some stuff that
was closer to like authentic Mexican and
that I did in Julie like if I went to
Mexican owned restaurants like Browns
gay Mexican restaurant in taeksoo State
the data state was clear but I took my
mama for tex-mex in Dallas and she was
mad she was big mad at me like when I do
talk about lack of culture in general
I'm talking about like black culture now
there are actually African hubs in
Dallas there's a large Ethiopian
community the Kenyans are well
represented both of them is out
somewhere far from actual desks when
people talk about Dallas they talk about
DFW which is Dallas Fort Worth the DFW
Metroplex before worth is far sis so the
Ashley D who be driving back and forth
I'm like girl bless yo gas mileage cuz
we it would not be me so therefore
because I find Fort Worth to be far
Arlington which is where a lot of black
people live it's also far it's like a
good 30 miles from where I live there's
my clothes Dallas is the first city that
I've lived in that hasn't did not have
an active civil rights movement in the
city like it does not have the sort of
civil rights history that a place like
Houston or Atlanta or Philadelphia or
Baltimore or New York or any other place
that I've lived has had now there is a
book called the accommodation the
accommodation you can only get it in PDF
format I have the book it's run by a
white guy
it details the political history of
Dallas and how Dallas First Baptist so
that big glass Church in Dallas down
made a deal with the black pastors and
at the time and said because like the
third rising that KKK was happy like its
hit off in Dallas
so like Deep Ellum and maybe Uptown area
we used to be black neighborhoods in
Dallas and people black balls were just
getting bombed like there was like
actual terrorism happening to the black
community in Dallas like just a bunch of
stuff cuz I'm not conflating like
different stories but basically the
political structure penalise to poor
white men and put them in jail inside
there with ones went on the bomb man
says all right whatever
and then Dallas first practice which is
part of the political structure comes
fist I'm just in the glass building
downtown made a deal with black pastors
I said if you can keep the civil rights
movement from like bubbling over here
will ensure that certain things are okay
with your community and will give you
you know you the pastors will give you
certain privileges so now what you have
in Dallas is both because and yes I know
the civil rights movement happened in
the 50s and 60s we were like what does
that sit with you in 2018 I want one I'm
33 so when I want to go out to Lake
there's no black on spots and I think
when you look at cities that tend to
have a lot of black culture part of that
black culture being able to thrive and
survive and make the city colorful
relied on black activism relied on
blacks being able to push for that and
have a say in the community not just a
few politicians I know we'd love to
frame things as like Oh a few
politicians did great things but know it
there's a lot of people whose stories we
have never heard who are the reason why
New Orleans and Detroit and Chicago and
Philadelphia and New York City can
really be seen as these hubs of black
culture Dallas on the other hand didn't
really ever have that movement pop off
for a very conscious reason like the
city made an effort to ensure that that
did not happen and so therefore the
trickle down is that you do not have a
very strong black cultural center in
Dallas it's also why you will not find a
lot of black owned businesses not black
offices but like because there's black
owned businesses it's um black owned
restaurants but like black owned and I
don't want to say club like a lounge
like in Houston if I had a friend coming
to him and it was a Tuesday night and
ain't I'm popping off we would just go
to park we've got a Prospect Park
I'm not in DC or we would go to alley
cat or there were different things that
I could go to ensure that like and keeps
which is also very black and I could
take them into spaces where like it just
be a chill time you can people watch
whatever I didn't really ever find that
in town so I know there's a fence
happening I know who eighty is you know
I've been to wings day the trap yeah
we're good called trap and all that
stuff but you know I know people are
prone to want to refute that point well
be but even they had a hard time finding
spaces that would allow them to host a
black Millennial crowd like there's just
not a lot in doubt that I felt catered
to young black working professionals in
a social setting there is young
professionals you can join the Urban
League okay cool
but outside of that I didn't really find
you know the kind of like social scene
that I can just walk into and you know I
don't have to be like an active member
of in order to partake in also I'm
because I live downtown
technically the neighborhood I live in
Porter Deep Ellum I was in the Deep
Ellum community watch crew and just
rights is they just have a racist and
mind you the group is basically like
everyone that owns a restaurant or works
and restaurants in the Deep Ellum
area the way that they would just talk
about black folks and some of you black
folks I'm like look I know you know
Kristie ray who DJ's you know I know
quite a few the deejays in Dallas and
the way they would talk about the crowds
that these people bring out I'm just
like
y'all know like very thinly veiling your
racism and just puts a sour taste in
your mouth like I don't want to I don't
want to visit your business I don't want
to give you any money I don't want to
deal with you yeah I'm also not a person
who wants to be a member of a church so
I'm sure things would be a lot different
if I had joined one of the churches in
Dallas I'm sure it'd be different if I
worked at a corporate office and I went
into office and I had people to meet
that way I'm so basically I think it's
the same as Houston when you basically
meet people Church the gym work the gym
was in my I complex so wasn't me nobody
there I ain't go to church at all while
living in delis because I couldn't find
a church it was similar to hope city
like I really really liked hope City and
Houston and I couldn't find anything
even close that entirely
so that was that I also just found the
churchy people at Dallas to be
judgmental they're mean like not my cup
of tea
and I'm sure I wasn't fair so the
feeling was mutual and we just didn't
fuck with each other so that was that
but also as I said earlier there's a
lack of political engagement now Dallas
County well Fort Worth I think he has
even a lower turnout because that
crystal Mason case is like really like
really under my skin she did time for
tax fraud or something in jail got out
her mama during the presidential
election convinced her that she needed
to go vote so she went in to try and
vote her name wasn't on the registry now
Dallas is one of them states I mean
Texas is one of them states because we
have this this white bitch named Ted
Cruz as our junior senator who is just a
total oh please make vote for bado
in November a lot of like the voter ID
laws that you hear about a lot of the
more restrictive like undoing of social
services and civil rights stuff are like
affirmative action is being led in Texas
a lot of that is being led outside of
Dallas so yes Dallas is like a blue dot
in a red state but I'm like I'm
connecting too many backs let me let me
keep with crystal crystal what the go
vote her name was on the registry and I
say that say because what about in
Dallas is very it could be intimidating
like they ask you for your ID they ask
you if anything that legally they're not
supposed to but I don't know what their
legal rights are so they purposely make
it difficult because I never would've
vote so her name wasn't on the registry
so she did a provisional vote she filled
out a form that said you know we need to
do an extra background check to make
sure you can vote but in case you can't
vote here you can't vote now there is
some small text on there that says if
you are a convicted felon and this is
voting is considered perjury basically
long story short they did a background
they did the check on the provisional
vote her vote didn't even get counted
but they realized that she was did time
so therefore she can't vote and they
prosecuted her and what's most
frustrating is everyone who's involved
in the prosecution of crystal Mason
because she was basically prosecuted and
convicted sentenced to five years in
prison like I'm mad and I don't know
what I can do in this structure and I'm
trying to reach out to people to figure
out but even that's frustrating I am a
politically active person and it's very
frustrating trying to like figure out
what's happening and where
but every person involved in crystal
Mason's prosecution and her over
punishment is an elected official the
Fort Worth DA is an elected official the
judge in Tarrant County is an elected
official to all that's to point out that
Fort Worth I think it's like a 1.5
percent turnout for local elections
Dallas County overall is at six percent
like these are dismal numbers people
especially a my age group like their
economies good people are working people
are doing well there's not a lot of
reason for people to not be politically
involved like doles
I think middle-class people I know you
comfortable I know it's easy for you to
forget things are happening but I feel
like y'all have the most reason to be
politically involved and the least
amount of excuses on why not to and it
was just very tricky to try to navigate
the space and figure out what was going
on because like we have BBJ who was my
congresswoman the black politicians in
the Dallas area tend to be old and not
very welcoming to younger people ebj
don't like young folk I'm gonna just put
that out there I know she riding on this
Maxine Waters i'ma run for re-election
and I know she's benefiting from
deference and people not wanting to
count to her I run against her
I definitely got on she just like she
doesn't she didn't do town halls but she
did like a call and so I got him a call
and I was like so I'm trying to find
more information on what programs your
office is working on or you know what
sort of advocacy work you guys are doing
on encouraging particularly young
diverse voices to get involved in
politics and outlets and she told me I
could google it that's what she told me
as her constituent on his call I could
google it and I said well okay then on
the like Texas Senate level I have Royce
West
I couldn't never get in touch with that
man I'd run into him in New Orleans or
MIT ground I ran up on a dude and was
like this is what I'm trying to do the
trunk revile you know I have an audience
I was a platform I would like to
advocate you know I'd be more actively
involved in Dallas and I just feel like
basically getting politically involved
was like registered a vote and then like
when some judges come up for election
like come to the meetings and like do
that but like the the Democrat structure
in Dallas is devastated like they just
ain't got
together at all it's old its white it's
not very welcoming to young folk at all
and so I get it like there's just
there's not a lot like it's difficult to
be engaged and to keep it what's going
on even on any sort of level because
that is the business city all the
politics are involved in invested in
business and there never has been sort
of this civil rights platform to kind of
you know a lot of ourselves what
leverages people up
so both it lacks this little engagement
and then that does impact the spaces
that were allowed into that does impact
why there is not like a scene for black
professionals as far as like just the
places that they can go with bars and
restaurants and clubs that are black
owned for us to patron and that we feel
welcomed in I went to like Union Park
definitely ain't black um maybe I don't
know I've been to the what's the African
lounge I've been at it's in - I think
that might be but Villa or something
Union Park any time I was a black event
cuz I've been to a few there I notice
that they automatically charge
tip like 20% and then don't tell you and
then a lot of times you have to
recollect I went to a few I don't
remember the guy name who did the events
there but like they would just tell you
how much your tab was and not give you
either mines receipt so you didn't even
know what you already like I had to be
like y'all wait I'm just paying and not
getting here like wait wait wait wait
let me get an itemized receipt and then
I was every time I've been in it by this
times like the third or fourth time I've
been there I realize like I was double
tipping because they were in mind I was
like a party at you like I'm there with
me and my homegirl I wasn't going in big
parties and so that's I'm saying like
that sort of treatment at the black
community gets there it just was never
really sat well with me the people that
are doing work though on the ground you
know they're folks I just think the
structure the establishment particularly
these black politicians are not very
supportive of it and it was just
disheartening the food scene
when it comes to people asking me -
prostitution I would say Houston's
blacker and he has way better food
Dallas was like tex-mex Italian barbecue
maybe some Creole occasion food
sometimes burgers and steaks and pizza
you get a lot of new American food
there's really not anything there like
if I'm like when I'm in a city like
there's a bunch of stuff I'm in New York
I'm like oh I gotta go eat here even
when I go home to Delaware like what
there's things that I like capriati's I
want to go eat at daddy's I mean my
favorite restaurants Bucky moonshines I
guess I could go back to Bucky's bay you
know I although again it's a catfish oh
I'll not to say the name of that Lake in
New Orleans punch of Sharon
Pontchartrain punch your son cream and
crawfish etouffee on top of some
blackened catfish it's tough dirty right
that you should buy ain't no h-e-b in
Dallas but I was a Central Market I was
a bougie Central Market shopper I found
out about the Central Market I'm doing
about it I ain't doing about it
I had known about it I was just like it
was like hopefully I was right how much
money on groceries but I finally gave in
and I realized it was love at first
sight other than that I don't really
have a social scene in Dallas because I
just I was over it I didn't want to try
I didn't want to put an effort I was not
doing a church I know I wasn't gonna
stay in Dallas for much longer
Trump got elected and I was like I'm
surprised I stayed in guys for a whole
year post his election but um November
2016 came and I was like oh yeah we on
our last leg we gonna find a way out so
rather than move though I did renew my
lease after that and I just said I'm
just gonna travel a lot so I did like a
really heavy travel schedule last year
and I did not really invest a lot in
trying to build friendships
mostly because this broke through this
YouTube thing makes it hard I get
recognized a lot more people know who I
am a lot more and people don't want to
join human being they would you like a
soap opera you hang out with people they
wanna tell you business I just wasn't
you know not really interested in
hanging out with other women who like
every time you go out they're gonna be
like where the men at there
men here they're pursuing trying to find
some dick girl look the dating options
in Dallas I just was indifferent I
wasn't like niggas look like they dress
and shop at Kmart
they don't iron they pants I did not
like the fashions I did not like the
aesthetics in Dallas I just wasn't
really and I was at the downtown black
folks don't live downtown so I was like
walked into you know I just didn't
really bother I'm appreciative of my
time there
I'm grateful there I hate living
everywhere I can criticize living
everywhere and that's it those are my
final thoughts on the city if you were
thinking about moving to Dallas I
suggest you come visit you too little
air B&B
rent-a-car if you live in Dallas you do
need a car
I had a car then I got my car got
totaled out when I got hit and so I had
a bike so I got a little bit of
exploring because my first 7 months or
so
Wow yeah I moved in March and no not
even I have April May June July have
proper four months while at the dance
before I died in a car accident and my
car was totaled out yeah you'll
definitely need a car um I heard Addison
Plano was popping I mean I like the shop
side legacy he was cute you know I mean
my friends would come in town and like
that's another thing I didn't invest it
like a social scene because when I was
traveling a lot and to my friends would
come in town for stuff and so like I did
a lot of events like my friend work
stuff what's the company that does all
of Lincoln's promotions so when they
came through I had things to do and I
had events to go to and I had means and
like things get out too so I didn't
really do all out of the effort because
making friends at my age is difficult
the YouTube thing does not help people
don't know what to do with you because
not everything has to Instagram so you
get on Instagram my number than even
that popping I got like maybe 50,000
followers on Instagram it's real not
it's really not that serious
but folks would be pressed down warned
and not really for me and that's my
final thoughts on the city of Dallas all
right I know y'all ready you think I
chose Twitter fingers together and then
the comment is going on okay I know you
too
