hi guys and Susie and I am in San
Francisco working on a project with
Adobe oh my gosh for the next seven
months I will be bringing you videos via
editing with Premiere Pro when I really
started my youtube channel I was using
Premiere Pro to edit my videos and then
I got a new computer and I moved back
over into iMovie in the final cut and
now with the Adobe Creative Cloud and
accessibility of it all and already used
Photoshop and InDesign and illustrator
and every other Adobe software on every
other creative project that I have I
knew it was time for me to move back
into Premiere Pro and it just came
around like the perfect time because I
was like oh my gosh I want to go back to
rear pro but I need help because I just
don't know if I have so much more brain
sprays to teach myself all this video
production stuff anymore you know I was
talking to the Adobe team earlier today
and I'm like I want to have I need to
work on my audio everyone comfortable my
audio I don't have audio quality like
release I want to have animations kind
of like a black I want video composition
that eye for detail like Evelyn from the
Internet's and police again is all about
video you gotta be show like I reck
talking but it got me somewhere I could
like put that in here maybe like black
girl magic magical black girl smart
brown girl all that went boom bet ah you
know this project is right up my alley
because it's called make it in pack full
bra what is smart brown girl all about I
will still be bringing you smart brown
girl content
the videos are just going to be a little
bit more ba-ba-boom ba-ba-boom I'm so
excited
to really be working on this with Adobe
it's just like blessing squalling in my
lab always have you smart brown girls
and tech Tuesdays we'll be making every
appearance because obviously I'll have
to pass on all the tech tips and things
that I learned while working with Adobe
on to you guys that you can utilize the
various functions in their software
program that they have for your creative
business needs grab you and expand you
on this fan already fine the elevation
of smart brown girl and the elevation of
my smart brown girls will be happening
within this
make it impactful campaign with Adobe
stay tuned I am super excited yeah
bought a camera got a new Lance a nail
above up my video editing style let that
audio be equalized
amen
