hey guys it's Judy and I am here to
announce that we live in a trans racial
world girl that's why we might hair out
just to get with the times the first
ShopSmart brown brow is having a
Mother's Day sale with 15% off any
purchase of two or more items and the
phylicia rashad shirt is back just this
time to a celebration for my hair being
blown out but I ride a bike girl so no I
did not walk up a salon like this is a
weekend
I just it has been a struggle but get
one for your mama one for you one for
your sister and your cousin so cuz just
you to me back to the topic at hand we
have had a black president obama and
beautiful brown sister as the only first
lady out ever love and now we have in
quechua aymara de ellos scamming our way
into blackness and landing a role as the
head of marketing at shea moisture let's
talk about it soon i said in my last
platform that i was going to do a whole
video on the Rachel Dolezal interview
with a black woman because it was just
that great it was as I said the perfect
most gracious either of this white
woman's he drove a luau did that hit
that and when I went to do a video on
the article exactly massage will be a
must read all I really could do is
repeat everything you drama had written
it was just that good then this shea
moisture car will happen and
everyone in a mama on YouTube in the
flawless fear don't put themselves in
the echo chamber of o-mai how could they
well let's ask in catch a she's quit as
a marketing director
remember when Becky or what the best
took down her ponytail and felt the
freedom of being a white woman heritage
into the natural hair movement I left I
even got my coins up a broader article
for the room calm highlighting natural
hair care companies owned by black women
and mentioning how truly ignorant it was
for shea moisture to tweet and supported
a purveyor of misogynistic and
historical black history
Tyrese naxi Tyree who was supposedly in
Haiti musta got a Google Alert about his
name and mentioned and assumed articles
about him then scroll through two years
over my tweet to say that I am anti
black man
I'm not black I date white man like
since I had to block all just faking out
accounts like a clean 100 of them
accounts that literally have no more
than 50 followers that only tweet not
 and harassed black women oh and I
am Abed whinge how am both is it to
refer to a black woman by a term that
was used by white slave masters to
endorse ray Rho Q if all of us rebuff me
and sealing the deal for my criticisms
against shea moisture because not only
do they put out the most tone-deaf of
tone-deaf ads that I have from
verifiable sources no blast woman within
a decision-making role as shea moisture
pursued a poly ethnic advertising
campaign then the founder rich Dennis
after offending a legion of black women
hopped on The Breakfast Club morning
show where no identifiably black woman
host or on the show I mean yeah there's
black adjacent Angela Yee but there is
also notorious we - Charlemagne who
looks up to target Nishida and publish a
book about black privilege because yay
for respectability politics
prosthetic spammer through the interview
in shea moisture has issued an apology
and I'm not calling for a boycott
I believe that educating consumers does
the best here and there are several
things to think about when considering
how to view shea moisture overall there
is little to no transparency in the
beauty and hair industry companies can
pass as black owned without even hiring
a black woman and executive and senior
management suites companies pass by by
hiring black women and executive and
senior management squeeze while hiding
that they are not black owned what does
it mean when we clap and applause the
major brands like panting and dove and
can - for doing front-facing marketing
pointed at black women as they expand
into the black market and then we clap
back an independently owned brands like
shea moisture and Carol's Daughter that
takes to compete by expanding their
market for me personally how you reach
and market to black women in order to
collect that black women coin matters on
more than one level it's not just a
singular instant here blasto might need
to be higher than leadership roles if
it's not just about one or two black
people owning the company and profiting
black women need to be hired and need to
be included in the
advertising fortunately the same way the
shea moisture came up is the same way we
are able to support the more transparent
brands that are headed up by black women
and invest greatly in their core
audience for me with shea moisture has
always been a question about their lack
of black women outside of the HR
department and senior roles on the flip
I haven't thought too much about it
because shea moisture does invest a lot
in the black community they were one of
the only brands that would pay a fair
and equitable rate for sponsorships
early on I do believe the natural hair
girls on the interwebs are so
undervalued compared to all the doe
cosmetic companies so into their
influences but Shea Moisture did and
does good in that arena when none of our
YouTube networks were paying any mind
the essence festival shea moisture was
the one that brought in pula turns out
my time and the natural hair scene they
were very accessible and very supportive
when I was consistently being snubbed by
other companies girl I could do a whole
anti haul video and it would be nothing
past misses all that to say I'm not mad
or looking sideways at mr. Denis when he
makes that claim that Shea Moisture has
invested in the community I might look
at him sideways when he claims
transparency about the communities from
Ghana they survey shea butter friends
but then I would have to hang epical
globalisation over everyone's head and
ain't got time for that today o point
here shea moisture has definitely
invested a lot but they are also the top
performing brand on the shelves willing
folks out the water buy large large
large margin bear bridge identity
largely hit is on the support and
advocacy that black women have done for
them and they've been very good at how
they respond in kind until they went to
diversify and expand their market I
don't even take issue with them bringing
in Bain Capital as investors business is
business but after all this time there
should absolutely be a black woman
executive in the marketing and
advertising department or all the
investments shea moisture has done they
are not past being criticized and called
out for sidestepping I know the
advertising agency they worked with
there were no black women on this
project and this story about viewing all
the
we're not doing them as stand-alones
that was doesn't make sense in court
well how the review process goes
especially with social media is such a
big deal and that reduces clips of 30 to
60 seconds as standalone pieces that you
thought the throw and narrative in about
a white one with blonde hair going
through hair hey come on if you tried
and chained washer has been explaining
for a minute now especially within the
Latino community and they've been doing
it fine but this rule from the ethnic to
the general beauty aisle they were rough
with last year with their advertisers
this year they live full-out we want you
Becky and I just don't understand why
wasn't a black woman included in the
processes this needs to be fixed a
separately and honestly I thought if
they think that that this whole
situation wouldn't hurt them that much
and I still don't think Shea Moisture
will be hurt in the long run
now supporting a black woman hater and
not offering an apology for that means
that shea moisture supports the ideology
of target nasheed and I cannot get down
with that the amount of homophobia and
black women blaming that that man
perpetuates is damning to the whole of
Shea moistures core audience I can't
mess with them as long as they're
serving up that kool-aid I'll leave you
to decide what have a consumer you want
to be your dollar matters decide where
to place it
deuces
