hey guys it's Josie and it's time for
another pop snark we talk about
everything from the low brow to the high
brow as long as your eyebrows all or
FeliCa and gas mines are definitely in
line with this always fabulous Beach
clink clink clink clink Clank Spanish
wine from Spain that I spent more than I
would regularly spend on a bottle of
wine cuz I got a Whole Foods and our
sponsor Diddy if you are new here be
sure to hit that subscribe button share
share share the video and of course that
thumbs up is necessary this is all about
a dialogue so Kiki along in the comments
section down below but keep it cute
respectful and make sure your critical
thoughts or linea yes every piece of
engagement matters and you're the key
this might be the quickest turnaround
ever to be putting out consecutive
back-to-back pop stars but all these
planets in retrograde got people and the
universe doing the absolute most where
do we even begin
we began with shop smart brown girl cuz
that and my patron love is the only
reason I'm still a clink Clank clink and
a clanking mary j blige gave a great
interview to AG martinez where she
opened up about her divorce from the
ain't she can do it's always been Mary's
candy realness that has made her so
endearing shit my world don't you leave
but she filled all the teeth so
graciously about can do and his
messiness and the men
money but married to papers family and
his children who are not married when
she realized that Kendu has left her
marriage she went digging and found some
things though she did it specify that's
something but jezebel.com well really
the great writer
clover hope someone you should
definitely follow wrote about the black
girl magic hashtag and who owns it
understanding trademarks and
intellectual property is complex and for
many black influencers we don't have the
access to lawyers who work at
intellectual property and the money it
takes to protect our brands from the
beginning properly I lived through this
last year it's fascinating because the
woman who created the hashtag isn't even
the one battling out in court to own the
rights to the same essence and Beverly
bonnet or duking it out over ownership
of black girl imagine it does seem to be
a thing on black Twitter this false
belief that popularity works as
protection but the ones that look like
you that smile at you have no problem
doing business at strictly business move
all the fields y'all a and broke this I
got it for you yes you you Lou it ain't
fair sometimes you don't feel a ethical
or right but but the law ain't set to
protect you it's set to protect whoever
has the most money to interpret the law
in their favor
French Montana called a young woman on
Twitter nappy and then claim that
because he is from Africa he's black
even though he's Moroccan as in from
Morocco a country that in 2017 still has
a pretty bad way tree infrastructure
that treats sub-saharan Africans as
chattel identifying them as Negro
essentially black which Montana is not
that the girls wouldn't even at him in
the first place I mean still yes said
don't come for me unless I send for you
but that still does that mean my clap
batca delve into the isms or is there
anti blackness Ya Allah and Carmelo
Anthony or getting a divorce because
well didn't we all know that Carmelo's
billion isn't those are their Delbert
their marriage never really seem that
loving or at least how was portrayed on
the reality show I mean while I seem
loving Melo just has always come off as
a bit distant but supposedly he has
another woman pregnant and believe that
Lamas married he's not and I'm not clear
on what that actually means there's been
some talk on Twitter about her being a
social worker with two degrees instead
of a stripper as if her pedigree or her
career choice makes it any less bad that
Carmelo got another woman pregnant while
still married
I mean strippers can be educated nice
and women too I don't see how her degree
save her from being trifling trifling
ESS trifling news but of Lila's Mary and
he's not does that mean that Lila gets
more than half but she still at least
get half right Jenna Jackson had her
baby and in the name of the Jackson
family legacy where they all refused to
have black children that was rude
now she is leaving her billionaire hubby
while yes it's peculiar let's be clear
Jenna
ain't no vote and every headline has
tried to paint her as that is bad as
wrong I understand click skip
but you can't deny what Janet brought to
the taste she's the more desirable
partner she came in with her own wealth
highly established legacy and means to
do as she pleases already by Jose
himself if anything oh boy
simply matched her lifestyle I wouldn't
be surprised if the breaking cultural
differences Richard Piech with the birth
of her son because that's where cultural
differences can be the hardest to
overcome he's a Muslim Qatari and he
might be down for the high life when his
mama shows up to shower her newborn
grandson with all the cultural ways that
she finds appropriate just wait for the
fight to begin if Janet exam for it
really none of us know what it is but to
paint Janet over as the dirty one glass
over her body of work and her worth
overall is just unfair
other what can we blame black woman for
because being anti black woman and
always been involved is a San Bernardino
shooting we're centered Anderson walked
into his estranged wife Karen Smith
kindergarten classroom and shot it up
killing her and one student then we have
Steve Stevens who killed an older black
man posting the video on Facebook
because he was mad at his ex-girlfriend
joy Lane there we have two extreme
examples of the toxic masculinity that
is so dangerous amongst black men that
both of these men seek to revenge the
black women they once claimed to love
Stevens claiming she led him to gamble
and lose all his money he's also beyond
fragile
if these respectability politics that
put black women in harm's way and they
are so pervasive and accepted by us
without awareness that's sure no one saw
this coming and yes I do think there is
something to say that Steven was a
member of Omega signed by a black Greek
letter organization that has a serious
problem with massager cretak emboldened
and its members into believing that
black women are at fault for their
shortcomings
I know komen love was a thing but really
we're really it's barely combing
friendship at this point Cedric Anderson
was also a pastor and this points to why
I am always sick to hear a black path to
give us
and admonishing black woman for being
too hot to try not patient enough you
single cuz XYZ we're all so implicit in
the society that does not get black men
in the space to be vulnerable learn how
to communicate their feelings and
emotions but this space starts with
black men their communities and
organizations correcting rather than
remaining silent and providing the care
that's needed and their respect for both
black men and women girl it's hilarious
how be on Satan's arena with them
stronger spies within Curtis you say we
ain't sorry and think about our man's
leave them out in the hallway total call
Becky this is like the new you better
call Tyrone on top of it
how is suffering enough five months
pregnant and still has a flatter stomach
than me what our abs where can I find
that Devon because you know black women
are super hears about the case she won
the Australian Open two months pregnant
and I can't even draw on the energy to
run two miles on a day when I have
nothing stopping me Nicki Minaj released
a video to no frogs and yes I still
think that song is my box even though
her verses we end the video with all
this theatric pauses does nothing to
help her murmurs out but I got a good
key out of Robbie in the video giggling
like the pedi friends she never been to
ready
funny how Nikki gets to profit off just
beefing what does Remy game I hope y'all
buy that girl's album I really
support cuz we can't even hear the Remy
diss track even though her bars were
better let's just pop onto the next copy
first Tammy now Bill O'Reilly has been
fired from his anger chair at FoxNews
over sexual harassment and loose conduct
lawsuits against the man who looks like
a soggy diaper and in the immortal words
of Cameron we must ask Oh Riley Riley
interview by a black woman and the
gracious ether it is a must read I'm
have a video up on it tomorrow because
no stone was left unturned and he Joma
gave Rachel just enough rope to hang
herself from dopest all doesn't even
respect the people she's trying to
project yourself as her the article
because it is so boom in the neck and
well we'll discuss it in a video on its
own because even though Dolezal has
canceled there is much to be learned
from the ether that each Ouma
ohoooo provided hey that is a girl super
quick is it quick inch but let me know
what I missed the world's been moving so
fast y'all I just wanted to take a nap
to water smite your game s it got my
hair off fuzzy but it's great for
multiple pops marks in one week hey it's
always great to have a good key with the
pomp snark tell me in the comments below
Widow a of that what you were drinking
red wine because I've been trying to
find those apps and ice it very slowly
and don't forget you can support by
becoming a patreon or shopping smart
brown girl I have a coupon code up for
Mother's Day
