I'm finally getting around to talking in
full about my trip last year and it's
going on two years
well I split roughly seven weeks chewing
and I cry and yes it took me forever to
get around to putting these last count
of videos up because anytime anytime I
mention anything remotely to do with
Africa there is someone picking apart
the air
I physically delete a lot of it with the
banality of what people hardline issues
look overall yeah I mean overall I came
back from Ghana heavy as hell and full
of pride in my culture that is African
American but let's get into this wall
hey guys I'm Josie and if you are new
here be sure to subscribe thumbs up
because yes that matters comment along
respectfully and share because how to
folks find this find me this is the
community powered by shop smart brown
girl dot-com she said less less and
about it I originally landed in Ghana
because I was part of an influencer
group heading to toe go to the Alafia
compound for the first week and a half
hey Fred hey shameless Maya and star who
the writer were there with me
we stand in the capacity hotel for the
day you were in Ghana and we hit all the
tour stuff we hit the Art Center we can
grab different works from independent
artists and vendors the Jamaica Ghana
connection is alive and amusingly well
the Jamaican flag was everywhere which
are from Ghana Rastafari emergencies is
all everything to an office all right so
where are you from
we see on Oh Lord and we hit McCollough
market the place to get fabric with is
all lot to take in best if you do that
early early in the morning then we had a
to Co go there is a whole separate video
on that experience click the I above for
that going to todo impacted my
perception of Ghana in a way I did not
expect everyone failures and I love our
cry and though may is okay but you're
going to be ready to get back to our ah
we didn't spend much time is any in low
may the capital como we sit on a
gorgeous minute then move inland to
central total outside so coated the rub
it was in luxury but it was well
designed to fit one's needs while
fitting in with the setup of the land
and the infrastructure or lack thereof
even more staggeringly lacking in togo
than ghana but there wasn't an
expectation that i was going to be
anything else like there wasn't much
light after sundown and there was no
expectation that there would be boil the
water if you want a hot bath the toilet
flush with their water with some pump
otherwise there was no illusion than
anything else will be available you know
what you had in which is DNA and setting
that right expectation can make life so
much more enjoyable no matter what your
surroundings and for the most part i
really enjoyed it it was a light
life-changing experience i did not get a
ton of video on a crawl a lot of it had
to do with people hive at these
Ghanaians are not about voyeurism at all
every way
I got back to our prize the other ladies
left I headed out on a group trip with
some local guy names and some guy names
of America to a lakeside right outside
of Rumaki it was Spellman but not
happening anything I know everyone knows
Emanuel how very random to encounter and
I thought oh and I aura in Ghana we both
won $100 vouchers for a Delta flight
that came in handy for my trip to Cuba
I did not do as much travel around the
country as I would have liked got us
through me through II for how expensive
it is I stayed in Cocoa memory and
someone who I took to court last year's
family home
yup I've learned through sore
loadshedding where the electricity goes
off for 24 48 72 hours and you never
know how long it's gonna be there was no
one else in the house with the house
lady so to turn on the generator for one
person is always fully I'm doing very
well bra no reason that just just kills
me and you really don't know when the
electricity was going to go out and for
how long and long enough sometimes the
water stops running and in total where
there were wells and ponds I never quite
figured that out enough rocks and the
church across the street with their
outdoor loudspeakers chalet I just don't
get like why my man needs to have a
loudspeaker you see the Sun expand my
nigga been gone once as the Sun came up
like what if Sun came up he was out here
speaking in tongues
I give up I already knew going in flu is
going to be an issue y'all hate me
let me in that dried shrimp or the
crayfish season is okay can't we can't
always we can't go together I did it if
you go up eating that but my
Americanized Facebook we're not having
and cheap none of it
Donna working around that seasoning and
things being fried extra hard and like
salad being a thing you rarely saw and
then when you finally saw that beautiful
bed of fibrous green someone done thrown
the whole kitchen sink into it and they
bite into it and it sorry at the bottom
get him in there because why y'all y'all
yeah I don't think I understand my
struggle and finding fresh greens to
finally get a salad and then to bite
into fish however you know lucky was
actually allergic the food journeys and
finding things that I eat for my health
and preservation and trying to find a
new Donna you know ordering things that
you just knew or they'll come out right
like the nachos they came out with them
Doritos blue cheese on top or hilarious
however mean was some peanut butter soup
jollof grilled chicken and I ate a lot
of saying yoga and blessing to be I
durian restaurant and osoo tilapia I
check a cassava plant aid all day and
there was a KFC around the corner
does it taste different sup I had a
fritter I got it spicy
good get me an answer
everything else okay
ah you're chewing the shower
nothing awful last regular gonig us is
definitely a thing but I def packed on a
couple of pounds quite a few pounds that
I haven't lost in China about weight
feet I don't know if you might form a
penis
I'm not going to show you I got wasted
around my chubby weight stay for a few
nights at the m√∂venpick hotel which was
much needed if you're not from Ghana or
West Africa you're totally a tourist do
yourself a favor stay at least one night
there and decompress so just finish
eating dinner
clearly I'm thank you it's Friday night
it's 10:00 to 11:00 now all I wanna do
is be back in the hotel of tonight like
I don't want to leave I put makeup on it
is one video you'll see in the video
hope they gave me some rest tonight hmm
I hung out in the nice neighborhood
folks love mo acts like it's a thing
what is a club I thought an African city
was an exaggeration but no it's real
nice the show is spot when he and I
cried as a joke there's a real odds I
hided me happening considering when I
went to the club there was always more
men than women but the women worked a
lot of disadvantage like the flagrant
whole mentality no chill and then we're
going to gun our gorgeous girl by D one
day but I did meet my name on the show
she is so awesome and I also met the
crater Nicole we had drinks at burger
and relish like $14 American hamburger I
spent a lot of time at Nicole
more wrong real shot how in the transom
is where all the embassy people live so
somehow I never took out my camera while
there but I definitely did snapchat a
whole lot though this was before
snapchat automatically allows you to
feed your plants geophone you saw Nicole
was fine as why mama either with all of
my smash them and I'm so sad that I
didn't actually think to myself about
Nicole and her family really really
saved me and helped me forget to my long
trip and that I my and jululu I say all
the parts of our cross bunny
Kroenke getting ribbon and watching la
Rosa we go Doh Doh Doh Doh hah it was
one yet this is our Glamis um unless
cocoa members drool ooh Westbury with
Avery and Michel for Christmas my hair
braided and she's Alice's whole video on
that because she ruined it for me
getting on your gun in America no one
doesn't like her shop and I got a ton of
coin nailer I want to show you my
tailors oh ha ha ha I thought I might
agree with that every day since when you
like I'm crazy like more fabric Oh every
day
my homeboy egg is getting married in
other the Kingston so obviously if you
go so I did track down until I can do
clothing that I need in two weeks
we find the one people boy in our crash
sumo sumo we do my name is Kelvin
and the night market was so much fun
one of my favorite New Year's Eve is
spent at church and I went to a mega
church which are very prevalent this
church in East Way ballin is led by a
white man from the United States of
America
and then we went to a family dinner at
Papa Joe's house and those who wear his
brother-in-law Nana adore was in
attendance my homeboys hi a complete
freak out after the fact and I had no
clue ing me so he text me like last
month to let me know NPP is back in
power so congrats to Adele winning the
presidency yes that's why he was looking
at me crazy so the fight is not
immediately goes for hello to him we
would both in line to get food and I was
just looking at my lake is anything not
right here I had American American I'm
my bad my bad side apologies New Year's
Day is the actual celebration and
apparently there is some guy who throws
a house party but where everybody who's
anybody is at this house party that's
really the whole damn development like
the gated community he just he must own
the whole thing rough it was a real EBD
boy in the prolific african-american
leader who has a home and it's very
cross I checked out the Dubois Memorial
Center and once my friend waited in town
from Lagos with any microt fight inside
or at our traditional wedding we had to
dissuade castle our questions I thought
would be I was just disgusted as the
whole is humanity at the madness of the
structure that allowed this to happen I
learned about all the different
ethnicities and from out of slavery and
all the slaves did not make it to the
Americas some were dropped off around
the slave castles recreation has been
happening from Brazil the u.s. the
Caribbeans at the beginning of the slave
trade and all that amalgamated into
something or something new the slave
caste woman you really really have to be
African American we just wanted to play
okay host I thought I always have like
more of a motional reaction but mom this
place level disgusted like I'm disgusted
with humanity disgusted with all
Persians I came here and took selfie I
was like funny to talk about we were
suggestive right the African Americans
have much in their crosses ricotta and
Ghana reminded me of that in how he
press her beard and took on new ways
there's much brutal use in humanity and
oppression we are definitely connected
to West Africa and I addressed that in
my first impressions of what Africa
video but we have a uniqueness and
cultures that has been hard fought for
and each of our culture's deserves our
prize i'ma talk more about this Edlund
in a video to end my trip with any
wedding at my body beach it was
everything so much love not just from
the couple but the friends and family
joining together the identity of family
is really why so many African Americans
are drawn to wanting to inculcate
themselves and even repatriate to West
Africa and I totally in that moment that
it it was a beautiful ending to a really
great and inspiring trip with all its
own individual distinct nuances of Ghana
and my screaming complaining on snapchat
I mean I can't front I had a hard time I
did but I'm so happy I did it I
definitely plan to go back at some time
hope you enjoyed this kind of lost it
would be more vlogs posted on my blog
channel the jewel-like I know I don't
promote it but that's where you'll get
all the little details of the little
good things I did in between go ahead
over there thumbs up share comment along
respectfully I love you guys
October between us
