hey guys it's Julie and let's get into
another complex discussion within the
African Diaspora some of you like the
colbys the Diaspora wars are you ready
for it some ready Africans selling their
own people us into slavery and do
african-americans afro-caribbeans in any
of the modern-day descendants of
enslaved Africans in the Americas have
the right to hold modern-day Africans
accountable I'm jolzi head smart brown
girl in charge and let's get into this
and go ahead and thumbs up because
whether you like it love it or don't
agree at all Wow
it's still always a great discussion so
subscribe if you new here now I've seen
the sentiment bubbling over on Twitter
and certain corners of YouTube typically
used to defend xenophobic sentiments
african-americans are pushing against
African immigrants in America I don't
think it is worth interrogating this
sentiment because how else do you push
back against tenofovir yeah it is
estimated that 12.5 million Africans
were shipped during the transatlantic
slave trade with about 10.5 million
actually surviving the Middle Passage
that is crossing across the Atlantic to
the new world as they would call it and
it's important to distinguish this as
the transatlantic slave trade in that
European colonizers were the
orchestrators of this era of slavery
because slavery historically has been
going on in various interations up into
the modern-day as in like it's still
actually happening so the concept of
enslaving people was not new to the
various nations of West Africa before
the white man arrives on their coast
because the conquest for power often
comes through war and conquering
historically it has been noted that
there was some form of slavery prior to
the era we are referring to but it was
often used as a tool of judicial
punishment and people were not being put
on boats and shipped across the Atlantic
which makes this area unique so it is
not entirely unfair no I'm factual to
note that Africans kidnapped and
enslaved other Africans fact the
European colonizers we're not the ones
doing the initial kidnapping but rather
purchasing bodies to be resold from
other Africans but where we all fail is
thinking of slavery and particularly the
transatlantic slave trade
so what happened in a vacuum where only
one side reaped the torturous
consequences while the other plundered
and reaped the power and the wealth
first we have to understand who were the
Africans doing the kidnapping as I said
enslavement has been happening in
various iterations throughout land
societies countries for forever because
unfortunately it is a part of how
countries or nations heighten their
power so it is not African individuals
rather warm tribes nations and kingdoms
overtaking other tribes nations and
kingdoms the advent of slavery being a
profitable economic ecosystem that bleed
private wealth with the arrival of the
Europeans slavery greatly disrupted
entire kingdoms and tribes everyone that
was kidnapped did not make it onto a
slave ship people migrated to avoid
capture ethnic groups coalesced into
each other to build more solid defenses
against being kidnapped into slavery
kidnapped people's repatriate it whether
they escaped the slave caste was in
Africa and settled on whatever land they
could get to or they came back on Marcus
Garvey's boat 200 years later the over
400 years of the transatlantic slave
trade saw over 400 years of various
forms of repatriation throughout the
years and maybe a few less years
centered around the height of this era
where peoples or tribes wholesale moved
to avoid capture
don't let Kanye West have you out here
messed up in the game thinking that
people by choice
walked into being slave and then you
have to consider that the over 400 years
of the slave trade was before country
lines were drawn by the colonizers in
the 1860s in the country lines that we
now know of slaves weren't simply
kidnapped from Nigeria they were taken
from the Bight of Benin now parts of
modern-day Ghana Benin Togo and Nigeria
or the Bight of Biafra now parts of
modern-day Nigeria and Cameroon to
complicate even further
there's regions that were a part of the
slave trade like what's formally known
as the pepper or grain coast that's now
de Liberia and part of Sierra Leone so
to inform you of some African political
history here both of these countries
were founded by Western colonizers
allowing former slaves to repatriate and
then in essence because imperialism is
always messy they created a ruling class
amongst the repatriated mostly African
American and Caribbean former slaves
that while participating in the same
Western imperialism capitalism that
enslaved us and therefore them greatly
stifled the local people who were
already on the land so with all that
said there's almost no way for you to go
to a modern-day Africans and know
whether they are descendant of someone
kidnapped Africans into slavery or a
descendant of someone themselves
kidnapped or in other ways harmed by the
slave trade and when it comes to the
accounts of people who know their
African families sold slaves we should
definitely a cost that history and not
gloss over it while allow them with a
profit or be celebrated for the power
they achieved on the backs of others but
you still cannot go to any given African
and claim that they or their family or
their peoples are guilty of enslaving
your ancestors I understand the
hostility and discussing this sort of
conversation because I think of the
historian and author
Zora Neale Hurston and how she puts it
but the enscape effect that stuck in my
craw was my people had sold me and the
white people have bought me it impressed
upon me the universal nature of greed
and glory Wow I really am sipping on the
brand and should have been wearing my
Zora Neale Hurston shirt she's a
faithful a reason because Hurston parts
through this sentiment as she interviews
a survivor from the last leadership
brought to America
yes very illegally in 1860 Kujo Lewis he
details a journey none of us can imagine
taking after being kidnapped
I believe it like the age of 19 from
Earth community and a part of Yorubaland
that is now modern-day beneath and
brought to Alabama into American slavery
where along with other recent African
slaves post freedom establishes the
historic africa town in the mall
Alabama area Zora Neale Hurston
interviewed him in 1927 over 80 years
later this interview was finally
published yes in the year of 2018 as in
this year the interview was finally
published so if you want to continue
this discussion and work through what do
we do with this history how do we move
past this history what does it really
mean for either sides of our
connectedness I would highly highly
highly I mean did I say highly suggest
listening to her since vera kuhn on
audible person an OG smart brown ground
herself a personal fave as the story and
an archivist took care to write in the
dialect of the people hearing the
amalgamation of kudos English with his
African dialect resonates better than
simply reading it it's reminding me that
slavery is a deeply painful part of all
our history within the Diaspora but that
it didn't simply happen to others or
just to us or to them there's a way for
us to tackle our history and be better
from it rather than bitter to be unified
rather than broken follow my link
audible.com slash tolsey / text Julie -
500 500 and use your first month free
audiobook to download barracuda because
that is absolutely what I did and I
would just suggest skipping on down the
chapter 5 because that's where the story
of Cujo actually starts and we can
discuss it from there I am always
getting asked about what am i reading
what would I suggest can I update my
current buttless girl Barry Coon is one
of my top 3 of 2018 because when I think
about how I hate myself or how I would
encourage others to educate themselves
and tackling these harder topics
storytelling is always my preferred
point of entry hence why I love Zora
Neale Hurston so much this is what I
would recommend to start reading to
encourage critical thought on this topic
and while Barry Cooney isn't fiction
it's still very well-done sort of
storytelling and I appreciate that it is
based on fact and well researched
history and yet instill it provides an
easier point of entry that can build
upon this critical dialogue thank you to
audible for allowing me to get this
video
I've been looking for a way to have
these deeper heavier conversation so
head over to audible.com slash jolzi or
text Julie to 500 500 get your free
30-day trial on audible when you get one
free audiobook and two free bottle
originals
