Cuba Cuba the new definition for
Americans after Obama lifted major
travel restrictions that has been in
place since the United States under John
F Kennedy placed an embargo on the
island of Cuba I took advantage of very
cheap flight to spend this back
Christmas and New Year's basking in the
glory of Cuba and though I typically do
a vlog of my whole trip before I give
out any tip traveling to Cuba is such a
hot-button topic I'm getting the chips
out first I love love love Cuba and now
I totally understand
Cuba's frustration with living under
such a restrictive government but I hope
they are proud of how much they
sustained with a world power like the
USA's foot on their neck the island is
beautiful lush green and relatively
clean I was marveling at the paved roads
and highways people so often overlook
how much infrastructure matters but Cuba
has it down in a way that many other
islands and countries who supposedly
have been giving hand of the United
States as an ally do not beautiful wrong
with traffic lights that work let me
tell y'all after going to Ghana
I appreciate this up out of a working
traffic light and at the visited toes oh
I love a paid time way with shoulders
inside race alone let me tell you what I
won't be taking for granted but let's
actually get into these pics please
listen carefully I see you already
readying stones to type away a question
I've already entered in the video if you
just listen now thumbs up this video
guys get it and Google are your friends
Skyscanner
let you search for the cheapest date in
the coming year Google flights populates
the cheapest date over three months so
it's easy to tweet dates for better
flight deals book your ticket directly
through the airline of your choice a
form will pop up saying travel to Cuba
is still restricted in gobble-gobble goo
could ya put your info in and book that
flight blew my flight with 300 hours
round-trip on Delta from Dallas to
Havana let us get into these
restrictions if you have ever in your
life how to get a visa to West Africa
Nigeria Ghana Togo you're going to roll
your eyes at this cakewalk the visa
process for Cuba is easy-peasy for right
now surprise supply your American
passport doesn't get you into every
countries with a premium cuba requires a
visa for americans you can be difficult
and get into the Cuban consulate in
Washington DC or be smart and save time
by booking it through your airline where
you pick up the visa at big date for
your flight that oshc certification
that's listed as a requirement on the
State Department website that's just a
part of the visa when you check off on
the twelve reasons for why you were
traveling to Cuba it is not that deep
more than likely you're going to check
people to people
I checked during ilysm none of this
stuff was checked or verified at ketubah
airport
cuba is after them American tourism
Dolores just don't go breaking the wall
and doing dumb in the country I
paid $50 for my visa through Delta
picked it up at the gate it is literally
a small square piece of paper where you
fill in your info I suppose out much
longer paper we're traveling to Thailand
where no visa is required Cuba specific
medical insurance is also listed as a
requirement on the State Department
website if you buy your visa through
your airline that is included no one
ever enjoys the price
a visiting consulate for visas I urge
you do not be difficult cover all your
bases in one shot and get the visa
through the airline packing it's like
any other Caribbean island except this
one has a small airport and it is
divided you just pack a carry-on because
picking up your bag and take a minute or
a couple of hours I check the bags at
every intention to buy all the wrong and
artwork so I needed a suitcase to carry
it back in I had no problem upon arrival
got my bag quickly but that's far from a
guarantee and my bags were put on the
wrong flight coming back to safe though
I did get them in one piece a few days
later at the Delta then ship them to El
Paso
instead of values even though we had a
big attack saying B and W check my blog
for follow a post on places to eat my
favorite Beach and other recommendations
I can't wait to the lastest Cuba and yes
I'm a video all about the art if you
travel to Cuba and have some tips to
offer be sure to leave them in the
comments down below
you
