Beyonce Giselle no Carter is a damn
genius you don't have to be a stand or a
member of the hive to understand but
allow me to give you some historical
context so you can under and over spin
what Matthew and Tina have blessed us
with we've all cover so highs too
because in the era of the 21st century
where black bodies continue to
experience so much damn trauma this
black Joanna knows women high-end is
just everything for so many layered
reasons there's a saying called
ethnomusicology it's the study of music
from the cultural and social aspects of
the people who make it basically the
study of the culture is the side that
influenced the music and of the culture
and society the music influence there is
a storied ethnomusicology to the history
of American music and that of the
Recording Academy America the land of
the free that was stolen from the
natives and built upon by forced labor
of the slave you know there is a racial
history here because what is America
without it pop music is the reworking of
Black Voices songwriters composers and
their melodic narrative tuned down to
make it probable for why performance
acclaim them and serve them as the
newest hit for white audiences and this
is what the giant classifications are
built off of that Justin Timberlake can
put out an entire album produced by
Timbaland and be nominated for Best Pop
Vocal album but a Timbaland produced
album by Aaliyah only qualifies for R&B
categories so think of the strategy
presented when Beyonce releases her
blackest album today in that Monday
blatantly addresses and invoke the
narrative of black women who struggle
press our mirror and overcome in a world
that is built to suffocate them and
across the 12 tracks on the album
Beyonce involves various genres that
black artists are typically put out of
rock with the jack white produced doll
herself oh and then she widely
controlled a group of R&B writers to
penned the country song daddy lesson
adding another layer of strategy and
defiance as he performed daddy lessons
with
areas of country music the Dixie Chicks
at the 2016 Country Music Awards look
domain is that fall and I am happy
Pentatonix got to win a Grammy off of
Cracker Barrel sponsorship that hit all
the Walmart shopping countries with the
San Jose but how come guide Levinson
qualified for Best Country performance
in the past ten years seventeen
non-white artists have been nominated
for album of the year
all three seventeen only Herbie Hancock
has won in 2008 for his cover album of
Joni Mitchell present Joni is a white
woman the last black woman to win was
only the third to ever do so when in
1999 Lorna won Album of the year for her
culture shift the album The Miseducation
of Lauryn Hill hellim how we all learn
the meaning of reciprocity you X Factor
it could all be so simple but you rather
make it hard
Beyonce knew lemonade wasn't going to
win any other top categories it was
nominated for not record album or follow
the year for formation much like Rihanna
no she wasn't going to win any of the
eight nominations anti deservedly scored
really changed Slade and graciously
define it with that bedazzled last now
no one is technical who she lawsuit
where does here my way and Beyonce
that's the show with the kiwanis that no
one could this man I love the out of
black women who know in the face of a
society that does naturally respect that
there is no breathing without them to
speak to the glory of Beyonce's
performance that was an ode to
motherhood and more specifically the
holy wounds of black women whose bodies
had been ripped apart and tortured for
the safety of white woman's fertility
and Oh to an article Lucy and Betsy the
black slave woman the father of Martin
gynecology dr. James Marion Sims
experimented on and oath to all the
blacks women who suffer to the belief
that we have a higher tolerance for pain
leaving doctors to the Smith our
concerns and diagnosis to Dan Lee
P cos the Lupus the sickle cell and
others that go under research a burden
in the wounds of black women took a lack
of any homing imagery praising the
holiness of black motherhood while
auntie momma and man me are commodified
for mass consumption for the welfare
queen of Ronald Reagan's imagination and
helis foot down on black woman's neck
even though she was a white woman
Beyonce we painted herself as the
Western image of married mother of Jesus
while not denying that even that image
was brought through the brutality
against black women but we are the
mothers of the world much like Oshun are
descended like Parvati in essence no
matter you belief system your womb is
holy this is an image young girls little
black girls who in so many ways are
reminded that they are supposedly not
worthy these are the images they need to
see that there is a beautiful lineage
that precedes and bursts in and only
through them can that beauty expect can
we give a show that Beyonce performed
both songs feeder and silk on the way to
make it visually amazing this was our
wearing her out but will not stop her
who lost father me for Coachella Adele
who of all three major categories with
her album 25 and the lead single hello
Adele is not at fault here yes she
absolutely benefits from the privilege
of being a blue-eyed soul singer but
this ain't no Taylor Swift winning over
Kendrick Lamar to pimp a butterfly where
there is a clear sonic difference in
caliber of artistry 25 is a deserving
album but as I've elevated what does
every afternoon I went album of the year
she's only won one major category with
single ladies taking on song of the year
in 2009 lemonade deserved album of the
year because it is an album that
the culture sat on the nose a white
listeners for them to understand that
this moment wasn't was then but it can
still sound good to them it awakened
them to the narrative that is often
silent and it was magnificent that in an
album
of the year nothing adults that in
support of the I say was wrong or
offensive she acknowledged her privilege
and that the album did mean something
different from black women including her
black friends typically the best urban
contemporary album winner is not
broadcasted but somebody knew better and
that was Beyonce's one opportunity to
give a speech penned on a gold card
matching her mother Mary outfit she made
sure her message was clear it's
important to me to show images to my
children that reflect their beauty so
they can grow up in a world where they
look in the mirror first at their own
families as well as the new the
Superbowl the Olympics the White House
and the grand and see themselves and
have no doubt that they are beautiful
intelligence okay
oh don't in the coming to the picture
show
