one of the most iconic pictures of black
women doing what she does best with a
simple glance letting you know she has a
time and is not one to mess with
because she will only stand and fight
for the rights of her people is Gloria
Richardson given the illest side eye
while pushing a national guard bangin
that away inspirational and a model for
all smart brown girls as it is Black
History Month let's get into this piece
of history and the iconic woman behind
the image
Gloria Richardson is a howard alumna
from Eastern Shore Maryland
more specifically Cambridge Maryland
where she became heavily involved in the
civil rights movement after her daughter
joined the Student Nonviolent
Coordinating Committee SNCC initially
Richardson coming from a family well
established in town wasn't very involved
rather she was watching but as the young
members of SNCC snake took on the civil
rights battle cry going a step further
than the more planned martyrs of Martin
Luther King their commitment to heavily
almost daily protesting for
desegregation pushed Richardson to get
involved shall we take a minute to think
about the context of today because of
the protesting the National Guard came
in to Cambridge and after 18 months in
support of snick Richardson along what
other parents formed the snick adjacent
group the Cambridge movement the only
adult group to officially supports me
and as Richardson has noted the
n-double-a-cp was ineffective because of
classism Zinn the organization the
Cambridge movement is most notable for
being one of the first civil rights
groups to take head-on the fight for
economic equality and social justice
helping to spearhead the evolution of
the civil rights movement into the Black
Power era Richardson helped to broker
the tree of Cambridge with US Attorney
General Robert Kennedy and the
Department of Justice Richardson cut the
federal government to agree to five
demands including in terms of five
demands we had desegregate the hospital
costly segregate the schools and the
buses provide new
Algie and that's in one or two other
things that can be August 1963 landmarks
March on Washington where Martin Luther
King gave his impassioned I have a dream
speech but also where black women were
almost entirely erased from the main
stage of the March Daisy Bates the
organizer of the Little Rock Nine was
the only one to speak for a little over
a minute pledging that run country with
survived all pledge to use the Martin
Luther King you are welcome with all of
you fighting for civil liberties that we
will join hands with you as women of
this country Rosa Rosa break by
shepherdess Dorothy Height the National
Council of Negro Women the Delta Sigma
Theta Sorority the Methodist Church from
all the women's rights that we will join
hands with you we were Leland we will
cinnamon to Wigan Union any color in the
United States only Daisy Bates spoke
though Richardson was handed the mic it
was promptly taken away and her along
with Lena Horne were put in a taxi back
to the hotel they did not even have the
opportunity to see firsthand King's
Speech so then when they called they
called me I came from the back and my I
was going to tell people sit there until
they pass the Lord the leave town and as
I said hello and n-double-a-cp guys next
to mice then they took me in Lena Horne
because she had gotten Rosa Parks and
was presenting her to the international
satellite and sting media and when I
found that I went to help her because it
would have been no Martin if it hadn't
been Rosa Parks so I think they were
annoyed at both of us so before Martin
spoke they put us in a taxi and sent us
back to hotels
like they didn't want us to be crushed
by they crowd yes well rest is everybody
else from the platform is okay let's get
to this iconic sign up what do you read
it as I thinking the picture comes from
May 1964 back in Cambridge Maryland
where Richardson along with the
Cambridge movement are protesting the
super-big Lee bigoted Alabama governor a
segregationist who has noticed strong
similarities to one number 45 George
Wallace's visit to Cambridge the
National Guard was so stated in
Cambridge attempting to forcefully keep
demonstrations and protests from
happening Richardson recounts that they
were tear gas out of a building rushing
into the street and a guard came and
charging at her with his bayonet and
there you have it a look every black
woman so deeply understands and a woman
who fought so mercilessly for her
community I encourage you to look up the
interviews Gloria Richardson has done
with democracy now the Library of
Congress the history of the partnership
between the Student Nonviolent
Coordinating Committee and the Cambridge
nonviolent action committee or Cambridge
movement in parallel and other times
perpendicular Tamar Luther King and Cru
the n-double-a-cp
and the Nation of Islam remember that
although we tend to look up history with
rose-colored glasses of everyone who
helps for a similar mission that
achieved greater good was the best
ability and the systems we see today are
something only of this generation but
there is beauty and seeing some of the
same natural human afflictions and
Chisholm's not stopped a movement from
becoming something that redefined
society and culture at large so you can
understand the power in your role and
that through great efforts change does
come we just have to keep fighting for
the greater good thank you to the og
smart brown girl Gloria Richardson
