this week I shall finally roll out
videos on travel from the past geez two
years there has definitely been an
uptick in travel related content
targeted both that young Millennials and
black folks at large it looks cute
you're experiencing new cultures and
food your Instagram hates will be so lit
imeem it is good to travel abroad but as
much as there are ways to travel on a
budget abroad it's not universally
accessible to every and anybody truth be
told some of us just aren't up for the
shuffle it takes to travel on our budget
we're not backpackers and we're not
trying to stay at the wrist either slide
a certain level of comfort on vacation
you are totally allowed to expect so
while you save up the coin to make sure
those comforts are being met while
you're warming up to the idea of a
10-plus our flight or you're waiting to
get your passport or waiting on friends
to level up financially or vacation time
wise I have a great idea to get you on
the road to travel in trouble
domestically girls the United States of
America in all of its 48 contingent
States is one of the most geographically
diverse countries if you live in Europe
you can do this within the European
Union but back to the US of A there are
a multitude of landscapes and cultures
it's for you to enjoy on a really good
budget and it's much easier to corral
your friends along ain't nothing wrong
with traveling solo I do it all the time
but many of us are appreciative of the
value of share experiences and just
creating memories with your friends
doing domestic group trip candy
budget-friendly super fun and a great
way to learn how to travel how you like
to travel and how to work out whatever
various king could would may be might
not arise when traveling as a group
without the pitfalls that calm when
you're trying to learn all this 10,000
miles away where English is not the
national language and changing your
flight isn't it
was with Iguodala change fee well this
past Martin Luther King Day weekend I
went with friends to breckenridge
colorado for a ski trip I didn't
actually plan this trip it was the doing
of my friend 19 and his girlfriend Erica
but I am so happy I went it was just a
good chill time and I really learned the
value of traveling with friends to
places I wouldn't usually think of first
off Colorado is beautiful though that
altitude might have you loopy I was
looking for you that's Colorado but I
booked my flight on the comm weekend in
order to save on rebooking I came out a
day earlier but I got to chill with
mahogany curls and the fam totally works
out great it's painted your voice I have
to give a shout out to mr. B she and the
dr shop for lending me the 2017 mrs. B
she outlander I live in the land of
front-wheel drive Texas so I wasn't
aware of the importance of all-wheel
drive and snowy mountainous places like
Colorado all-wheel drive save lives no
really it does once I realize to turn it
on i thought it was automatic win I'll
and it is a button you press to activate
although God I go to the airport to pick
up the crew there were 12 of us so
duties were split three of us had to
take care of renting the cars another
crew buncha doubts of food per person
the liquor of her purse and gains a
house activities and spirit of
activities it is very important even if
you are the main organizer to get
everyone involved in the vacation and
having a responsibility so that you can
encourage respecting others time and
money I picked up my crew of three and
we took a beautiful drive through the
mountains of Colorado like is that so
lucky the Rockies out is even from
justice how's the view of the mountains
is just breathtaking driving through the
mountains I would like to eight year
roll oh wow look over there is a harmony
you see I was also a grandma looking up
in all out of the mountains speaking of
the potential avalanches and driving
very very carefully fortunately the
adrenaline junkies weren't in my car so
no one was bothered by how slow I was
going on the icy road then we went to
pick up the beverages adult beverage
selection since that was the guys roll
thank God for the outlander we fit
everything several cases of beer wine
soda and suitcases into the trunk no
problem then we were the first to get to
the house and check out the very nice
digs this was me with our first choice
week of our house a bit late in the game
and I never knew that black ski weekend
with like a sing but I herba herba was
up in the rocky that weekend we were
legit really up in the mountain side but
the house was so nice and comfortable
with the jacuzzi that I did not bring a
bathing suit for but I improvised
because while in the mountains you are
at least or I must at least be the best
white woman I can taint it in magnitude
even my glass of wine surrounded by the
smell get that girl back see we might
see some Grizzlies but we went
snowmobiling which was I was scared cat
but he was funny they went skiing that's
not my ministry cuz my knees and while
it was like nope and they went snow
tubing ate some great food we drank some
great drain and I kick some butt in
space graeme have a white woman's but
you know you know what's up don't let
this lack I'm Ellen ample you
so yes take advantage of living in
America do a trip with the flights are
under 20 dollarz round trip no visas or
passports are requires the flight is
under five hours and it can be done
during a three-day weekend or where only
one day of vacation time needs to be
taken there are the Rockies in Colorado
all the natural reserves throughout the
Midwest ball pool especially the seafood
and beautiful nature in seattle and
washington state the grand canyon and
plenty of other canyons in arizona you
could be like salon with your homegirls
on the White Sands New Mexico San Diego
California with the beach and scenic
drive black folks and barbecue and
writing fishes out hiking back to our
ancestors in West Africa all up and down
the East Coast especially with the
geechee in South Carolina charter elbow
on any of the lakes from Texas to
Georgia and turn up responsibly New
Orleanians can never be slept on there
are so many options beyond Las Vegas
Miami NYC and LA so take your pick and
don't let anyone shame you into thinking
it's not a great way to travel don't bad
was this a successful trip look you said
to say can listen your room while you
are
you
