it has taken me forever and a day to get
around to doing a review of 2016 that's
why it's now February and I am just one
in this video hey guys it's Julie let's
discuss review 2016 and look forward to
the goals and I'm setting in 2017 be
sure to thumbs up and chime in with your
experiences from 2016 and they're going
forward in 2017 in the comments down
below I feel like I've mentioned this ad
nauseam but 2016 was just a lot I don't
know that there is one word to encompass
the breadth of emotions I spun through
last year but I finished off being a
hundred trillion bazillion Spence was
2016 just think just me me here did
start on a high note I was wrapping up
my time in Ghana auntie Alice and her
girls laid down with my micro senegalese
twist they ruined my ability to ever be
a hundred percent satisfied with getting
my hair bring it in the states I was
surrounded by the most beautiful love
between couple and family at my pro
fight Andy's wedding it was so dope to
close out what was not the easiest trip
with familiar faces and my sorors from
back home it was lit
we're all the siblings music then I got
back to the states and ran into the most
precarious of situations that Andy would
be taking my former manager to court
I feel like manager is way too lofty of
a title for what the relationship was in
real context but also there is no way
for me to sum up that situation in a
logical context but Pisces gonna Pisces
stick to whatever reality they've
constructed for themselves without any
regard to their actual actions then they
gonna pass off communication to a person
who I really have no respect where
they're honestly truly ways or they're
cease and desist letters they send to
people who do reviews of their products
what could have been resolved in a month
spiraled into a situation that consumed
the first half of 2016 I ended up going
to court in July I got what I needed but
not everything I wanted so I walked away
with no regrets it just took me a minute
to process what the actual lessons were
especially because even after going to
court it made even less sense like when
I finally heard what she was mad about
what I say about Pisces that part the
overarching lesson was when people don't
put effort into chasing after things
that aren't of value even in the most
pettiest of pursuits you are going after
someone because they've leveled up
enough for you to attempt to knock them
down I have the innovation in my
flabbergast cygnus of I would never do
what they did well yeah I'll have to
when you are the innovator people who
don't have that in them will do what
they can to capitalize off of it
sometimes it benefits both parties
because people who do operations kind of
have to be the traditionalist create
somebody cannot be taught it can be
fostered but you forever have to be
cognizant of
protecting yo Nick that aside last year
I'm definitely proud of the content I
put out my half-assed attempt at Veda
look every day what kind of sorter in
August included I did awkward questions
with both my parents two of my favorite
videos my nephew turn 3 and realized I
was the best auntie ever and finally we
like each other
I tell you verbal babies are so anti
like how do you come out the womb smug
it a bean boozled challenge that is just
adored or words even if yelling watch it
I guess I gotta go find him some baby
years to I'm forever grateful for Kendra
at Google putting together the YouTube
black event first of all I just came
around at such a crucial time when I was
really just upset and at a low point
because of what was going on with
unethical people you know the
inspiration that I was able to get from
the event overall being able to develop
relationships and friendships that in
turn produce great content and inspired
me to produce greater content in meeting
funky deneva
and aquila obviously who i did the
honest our series with if you have not
watched that you are definitely missing
out on some go I celebrated my birthday
at country-ass the park and that was
actually a really good time bkg
lifestyle however much we think on
opposite ends of the spectrum it's just
a very gracious friend she gonna watch
this video in like a year I met Elise in
2015 but she's been dope in so many ways
behind the scenes in 2016 I don't even
think she realizes it but my year might
have been astok but watching the
globe of others and really appreciating
that allowed me to see the beauty in my
own journey even when I was stumped
being able to call mahogany curls and
Kat Blaque and Evelyn friends is like
bruh the tiers with a black girl magic
and it's also a lesson and how to not be
jealous like let's be real that is
something we all have to work on I spent
the entire year
pursuing working with Network on
launching a podcast and that was most
definitely the second most frustrating
aspect of 2016 y'all look funny with the
Do It Yourself suggestions I appreciate
y'all but that belies the level of
quality that is expected the time and
operations and all those little things
it takes to do anything and me being in
one person right before I left for Cuba
at the end of the year there was the
last hurrah that was probably the most
disappointing because it was a workshop
I had apply for with NPR and they were
admittedly not clear on the application
so because of a technicality
Wow Wow Wow and let me tell you I was so
very very proud of the app we submitted
in much better news I did pick up on
speaking more on politics and policies I
got to present at the FCC and I'm on
Google's next gen leaders team November
8th will forever live in infamy along
with my reaction which you can see in
video that really was a tipping point
for me really sticking my foot into
something I have been toying with that I
will be doing more political historical
content I travelled way more
domestically than I did internationally
but people always think I'm out in the
country I did go to Thailand with one
loved travel Club and Evelyn that was
such a dope experience that I would not
have done on my own it really gave me a
new preview on group trips and traveling
done correctly and see how dope your
audience is it's just a lovely feeling
then I went to Cuba and yes I will have
videos on both trips this come
week that was really really really
really the best way to close out 2016
especially considering that I had fallen
into a real depression and in the last
quarter I finally went ahead and started
taking medication and that is definitely
one of the better decisions that I made
last year going forward in 2017 my goal
my focus is to let my words edify I'm
the go of being focused on numbers a
while ago people watch or they don't it
is what it is
I don't think YouTube is really the best
platform for my work I'm not a comedian
beauty guru cute kid blogger can I get
that work out cute kid hugger
I am purposefully not putting out easy
to digest content one of the goals is my
brown girl is to encourage critical
thought I am sincerely focused on
letting my words edify and my work
clearly representing me and where I wish
to stand in history that sounds so noble
and lofty yeah so in 2017 it would be
nice if in this year and going forward
that I could book speaking gigs at
colleges and non-natural hair events but
that does go back to my work reflecting
me and my capabilities hmm what was the
best and worst part of 2016 what did you
learn and where are you focused on
heading in 2017 let's have a Kiki I
would love to hear from you in the
comments down below don't forget shop
smart brown girl I have these
do that
