call your senators this is not a drill
it is time to take action what little of
it we can the lines will be busy the
voicemails will be full but keep on
calling your senators each state has two
senators regardless of party affiliation
call your senator Donald Trump has
nominated a cabinet of woefully under
qualified secretaries after Barack
Obama's election to the White House the
GOP moved to resist and obstruct any and
all platforms presented by the Democrats
via the creation and subsequent rise of
the Tea Party they showed up at townhall
meetings they were loud and boisterous
at City Council and school board
meetings they pushed a local agenda in
protest that enabled them to win the
Senate and the house in 2010 they did
not seek to be nice or cooperate now in
the face of the Senate confirmations for
Trump's cabinet we can follow their
precedent this is not about bolstering
the Democrat Party where many of them
have disappointingly fell in line like
senator Elizabeth Warren and sherrod
Brown that's actually a white man from
Ohio y'all both announcing their support
for dr. ben Carson as a Secretary of the
Housing and Urban Development a retired
neurosurgeon who turned down the offer
to be Secretary of Health and Human
Services because as his business manager
Armstrong Williams stated the person
feels he has no government experience
he's never run a better WA agency the
last thing he was what to do was take a
position that will cripple the
presidency call your senators cabinet
nominee has not been flat-out rejected
since 1989 though the past three
administrations all have had nominees
who would drew due to conflicts of
interest and public pressure your voice
matters and calling your senator about
cabinet Senate confirmations is just the
beginning
call your senators Rex Tillerson a
former Exxon Mobil executive is up for
Secretary of
back to the department that oversees
almost all of our foreign policy
Tillison will potentially be the first
secretary of state with no military or
political experience this is not a
draining of the swamp this is instilling
an oil tycoon who has very close
relationships with Russia as an overseer
of our military embassies and
immigration the Middle East Iran Israel
and Palestine the expertise and
diplomacy that is needed to navigate
very fragile ground chaos builds profit
for a very small sector the Trump and
Kushner clan is set to profit off of our
downfall call your senators Betsy DeVos
for secretary of Department of Education
is the biggest threat to anyone who has
children loans and any affiliation with
education whether through career or
matriculation in the United States that
basically means every last one of us
should be concerned that a woman who has
no education experience herself and her
children have never attended public
school filled out a FAFSA or taken out a
federal loan to cover education cause
let's be clear here neither Republicans
nor Democrats are Saints when it comes
to the department of education setting
federal law that meets the needs of each
and every child in every city and every
county in every state is a slippery
slope and devos doesn't have the skill
to even mount the slow when questioned
by Senator Maggie Hassan about the
individual with disabilities and
Education Act otherwise known as idea
DeVos was unaware of the forty
two-year-old federal that are all law
this is a law that everyone who studies
pedagogy learns at the beginning on
their courses what Senator Chris Murphy
of Connecticut questioned devos about
the right to bear firearms on school
property Knievel's suggested that school
should decide because some use them too
protect against grizzly bear can't say
definitively today that guns shouldn't
be in schools well I will refer back to
Senator Enzi and the school that he was
talking about in Wapiti Wyoming I think
probably there I would imagine that
there's probably a gun in the school to
protect from potential Grizzlies you
call your senators and inform them that
this is not about partisan politics but
about protecting our children's rights
to a fulfilling education that prepares
them to be better citizens that in the
spirit of John Dewey divos is a direct
threat to the education and democracy
Jeff Sessions as Attorney General I
don't even know where to begin or end
with this man who has sat in the Senate
and heavily obstructed the gaze of the
Civil Rights Movement he has opposed
nearly every immigration bill that has
come before the Senate in 1986 his own
ranks denied him a federal judgeship
because he was too racist in 1986 in the
era of Reagan under Obama the Justice
Department began steps to reform the
militarization of police and under
sessions God speed I don't have much to
say here because sessions has a very
long standing record in the Senate and
is in line with much of the far-right
populist views that the Republicans have
taken on this honestly might be an
effort and futility but a concern that
should be voiced nonetheless call your
senators Tom Price the secretary for
Health and Human Services with the
pending repeal of the Affordable Care
Act also known as Obamacare
we are bracing ourselves for the fallout
and maybe some of us aren't because we
got health insurance through our
employer or we lived in the mostly
southern gop-controlled states that
shredded as much of the ACA
as they could meaning residents of Texas
or Georgia or Alabama never got to
experience the more robust benefits of
the ACA the fallout will be real will be
detrimental and it will be costly
moreover the policing of women's
reproductive rights that I can't believe
is still a thing Tom Price owns
healthcare stocks and has a clear
conflict of interest that is abundant
throughout the Trump administration and
check those conflicts of interest he
opposes gun control and gay marriage and
the birth control mandate because all
women can afford birth control on their
own or at least that's what Tom Price
said Tom price is set to profit off the
repeal of the Affordable Care Act he has
no care or concern for the rights of
women rather relying on the skewing of
dogmatic principles and health access is
the easiest way to further oppressed
call your senators be polite concise and
clear with your message if and when
these candidates are confirmed into the
cabinet follow up with your Senators and
your House representatives who are more
likely to be active on the ground in
your state and contact the reps from
your state's Senate the more local the
more access the more power you will as
an active member of your community so
let's start with calling your senator
and staying at you I'm here to help
