Donald Trump has been inaugurated as the
45th president and it will always hurt
to say that I did a video in the early
morning after the election night where I
let my high emotions since then I have
mentioned in different wavelengths my
unwillingness to accept Trump or anyone
who aligns themselves with him without
checking his bigotry this is something I
will never ever give in to normalizing
there it's a deep need for historical
and political education I deeply
understand the history that comes before
me I understand the oppression that is
tied to my ethnicity my lineage my race
I understand the apathetic are never the
ones who lead their people through the
other side of oppression epithelial ow
or excuse one to be selfish to focus
only on taking care of oneself while
criticizing others from the sidelines
evolution is motivated by high emotion
passion and anger the sacrifice to see
any radical change through is not built
on oh girl
he's been like a so why you worried it's
a longshot a song talk about why you man
if she tells you I have every right to
be man in June of 1921 Adolf Hitler
became the leader of the Nazi Party a
political party in Germany in November
1922 the New York Times ran an article
and Hitler saying several reliable while
at war sources confirmed the idea that
Hitler's anti-semitism was not so
genuine or violent as it sounded and
that he was merely using anti-semitic
propaganda as a bait to catch masses of
followers and keep them aroused
enthusiastic and in line between 1932
and 33 when Hitler was pseudo elected as
Chancellor of Germany the equivalency to
the presidency in the United States I'm
sure there were Germans both Jewish and
Christian who had negatively torrid
reactions and I'm sure there was another
Jew who was set on being contrarian like
Oh girl we thought is I who surprised
these Gentiles have it be here
it's an the floor like what was the red
see what was the first the second the
Shepards Crusades papal cities were just
the thing like 20 years ago they were
kidnapping Jewish children to forcefully
baptize them why is you surprised you
have a nation from a Gentiles nothing
we know how obscene that is because we
have hindsight and museums and
blockbuster films to inform us of the
doom that came through Hitler's heads
but who knew that in the summer of 1932
I do not believe that Trump is a Hitler
maybe more of a Mussolini but we tend to
be very elitist and how we view the past
did you ever sit through history class
and hear about a tyrant a dictator a
totalitarian and wonder why didn't the
people just revolt when they were rising
to power every time society is at the
precipice of autocracy we see the same
pattern oh they're not that bad they're
just manipulating the lower class
they're not gonna do what they say
what's the unified love not hate that
goes for the apathetic to who enjoyed
the comforts of capitalism in a society
they believe they are so removed from
it's a their comforts I removed from
them it's not just that Trump is the
president it is that we are now in a
situation where with one slight tip of
the scale there will be no way out and
we are essentially but from all angles
first Trump did not win this election
via poor uneducated white people he won
over college-educated suburban
well-to-do white folks your neighbors
your bosses your doctors your
accountants think about all the people
you interact with that place their
whiteness above any other self concern
they know Trump can't do anything he
promised and they still bought into it
both with their vote and their silence
Mike Pence is now the vice president
called your cousin up in Gary Indiana
and ask them how they feel about pence
by any Indiana woman who is between 15
and 25 K a year and I was there how her
reproductive services are going wait
does she even have insurance or good an
ecologist does Trump even want the job
of the Pres
see Bush wasn't the whole villain his VP
Dick Cheney was Vietnam wasn't all
lyndon b johnson there was Robert
McNamara his secretary of defense here
with Trump we have an ultra conservative
Republican who was well-liked in his
party in Mike Pence potentially all
three levels of government will be
controlled by the Republicans the
presidency Congress that's the Senate
and the house and the one seat currently
opened on the Supreme Court that the
republican-controlled Congress blocked
since March Obama appointing Merrick
garland to which I have to know the day
before Don blocking his nomination since
March based on a precedent set by the
Democrats in 1992 when Joe Biden led the
pack in blocking the first George Bush's
nomination
remember precedent and the bigger
implications to what we decide on now
back to the point the White House
Congress and the Supreme Court all
controlled by Republicans in 2017 leaves
no checks or balances to stop Trump Mike
Pence and whoever Trump elects to the
Secretary of and please do miss me with
the Obama hasn't done anything for black
people argument unless you can name what
a president can actually do specifically
for black folk in the 21st century
anything the Department of Justice works
on specifically police and prison reform
is led by the Attorney General which
Obama's administration has appointed -
black people - and they spearheaded the
first and the greatest effort to address
prison reform
it is absolutely far from enough but we
need to understand based on facts what
we are criticizing and not just
hot-button words or catchphrases we
currently have 31 Republican governors
and 18 Democrat governors if one more
state elects a Republican governor
let's break it down state governorship
is the last protector of our
Constitution you need three fourths of
states to ratify amendments there are 18
Democrat governors bringing us to 26
percent lose one more and there's
literally nothing stopping the
Republicans they then controlled reports
of the states to ratify any amendment of
the Constitution Republicans controlled
Congress under George Bush's first term
when 9/11 happened they controlled it
briefly under Truman for two years and
then there is Herbert Hoover who did
many of the things Trump is vaguely
claiming and attempting to enact you
know who Byrd was president in 1929
taking off the Great Depression white
men lost stood and jumped out of windows
in the 21st century disenfranchised
white men are much more likely to go to
their local Walmart pick up a salt rifle
and enter they are not going down alone
and as a matter of fact before any event
happens white men are already the
biggest perpetuators of domestic
terrorism why do you worry about Sharia
law and Isis what about your cousins
Becky I am NOT going to argue whether
the potential autocracy that upon us is
worse than what our parents grandparents
our ancestors went through none of them
walk into the doom happy to see it again
I'm not eager to live through a tyrant
of heightened violence I'm not eager to
go through another recession when my
family has barely climbed out of the
last one I refuse to be docile and watch
states continue on the pathway of voter
suppression tripping civil rights laws
intimidating black people from voting I
haven't even touched on our foreign
policy in the current of right-leaning
populism that has spread throughout the
Western world
what's up Netherlands and France do you
know what the consequences were from the
southern Redemption that killed all
possibilities of progression in the
reconstruction do you realise what is
upon us let us all educate ourselves
