three months locked take four hey
everyone it's me hallease i'm back with
another video so it's officially been
three months since I started and locking
my hair I wanted to get on and kind of
 make things a little different this
time I think in the last two videos I've
shown you my hair after I've already
kind of tightened it up a little bit and
this time I wanted to show you the pre
tightened and post tightened looks so
this is my hair pre tightened you know
it's got about three three coming up on
four weeks of new growth and you know
it's about that time for especially for
the top the top is where I have I have
like a little mini fro under the top
right now that needs to get handle I
think so this last month I've been
maintaining my hair via interlocking and
I I think I said before that I was gonna
start just interlocking and that'd be
the thing I tried retesting during my
first LOC journey and it was difficult
for me it was really hard to maintain my
hair because or the retwist would not
last and I think at my worst I was
retwisting like every week and my hair
still came out really thick and pretty
well maintained which to this day I'm
just like but I was really obsessed with
you know having parts a certain way and
blah blah I think some of that like I
think some of the stigma of locs
had still kind of creeped into that
journey for me but now that you know I'm
added again definitely taking a little
bit more of a carefree approach to how I
maintain my hair what really dictates
when I maintain my hair is making sure
that I can still tell where locks are
and so because my locs are still pretty
new they're still pretty young I'm
trying to maintain every around 4 to 6
weeks
it's seeming more like 4 based on how
fast my hair is growing but every 4 to 6
weeks
touch them up again because if I don't
then I'll lose track literally of where
locks are because my hair is so short so
I watched Miss Joyce MD I love her
challenge she's awesome
and she recently came out with a video
talking about interlocking and sort of
the pros and cons and then how
interlocking can sometimes be painted in
the sort of negative light because
mostly because people just don't educate
themselves on the proper way to
interlock their hair
and they end up messing it up the same
way you can mess up your hair by your
over twisting and things like that so I
wanted to kind of segue into how I
interlock my hair so the way I interlock
my hair is I actually interlock my hair
wet I want to say damien walters he
interlocks his clients hair on dry hair
and I think when I'm assuming the reason
why he does that is so that he doesn't
over sort of like he doesn't create too
much tension because you know when you
get your hair wet it becomes a lot more
malleable it loosens up and all of that
and so then you interlock it tight and
then it shrinks back down as it dries
and now you've made it even tighter
so I interlock my hair wet because I
find it easier to move my hair when it's
wet especially when I'm waiting as long
as I am in between tighten ups I'm
usually having to more or less pop locks
to make sure that I can get all the new
growth of that lock into that area and
so I just find doing it on wet hair it's
a lot less painful I can be a lot more
meticulous about it and careful about it
and you know I'm just not breaking my
hair while I'm pop you know separating
locks that have started to join together
the other thing that I'm really
conscious of when I'm interlocking my
hair wet is how many times I'm
interlocking it through so for me I find
that if I can still fit my pinky finger
through the new growth while it's wet
then that's tight enough because by the
time it dries and compacts back on
itself it'll be a nice little tension
there but it won't be too tight and it
won't hurt my scalp and it won't be
adding too much attention to my hair and
my follicles and all of that kind of
stuff that's what I've learned works for
me in my hair um I also don't really use
a lock tool one of the subbies sent me a
lock tool it was it's basically a
altered needle thread that they kind of
opened the hole a little more for me and
when I'm interlocking now I only really
use my fingers except some of my locks
are just a little bit fatter and so it's
hard to get them through the base and so
I used the needle that the
that means that the subby sent me for
that but that's not many of them so you
know I'm really taking it I'm really
trying to take a very simple simplistic
approach to maintaining my hair and like
I said for now until my locs become a
little more mature I'm on about a four
to six week regimen once they begin to
come work become more mature I'll
definitely start pushing it out to month
and a half two months three if I can do
it just because again I'm really trying
to be as hands-off as I can be while
still making sure that all of my locs
are visible I hope you enjoyed this
video let me know in the comments below
what you think and I will see you when I
see you
