telluride take one hey everyone I'm back
it's been a while sorry I moved to San
Antonio so hence the new background hope
you like it
so yeah if you follow me on snapchat
Instagram you know that earlier this
month I was in Telluride Colorado one of
my good friends got married there and
mr. Hollis and I were invited to the
wedding and I mean we felt special
because it was such an exclusive wedding
and plus we definitely used going to
Telluride Colorado as a little mini
vacation for us to just see a part of
the country that I actually really
haven't seen before it is in it is
literally in-between mountains so
getting to it is actually quite
difficult we actually flew into Durango
which is about two hours outside of
Telluride and drove a rental car into ty
you're right itself the main thing about
Telluride is Mountains mountains
mountains toy ride is mostly a skiing
slash hiking biking just outdoorsy kind
of town so since we were there in July
there was no snow and so it was more
about hiking there's a whole bunch of
hiking trails you can drive out to
different mountain views and to check
out other hiking and biking trails
you're right next to many national parks
and as you're driving - toy ride from
Durango you're passing by multiple lake
national park entrance national park
entrance national park entry what we did
attempt to try to hike but because we
did not bring the right shoes also
because it was so wet and rainy it
really just wasn't conducive so we
immediately gave up and went back home
to the new Sheridan
the smell of pine fills the air so as
you get off the plane if the mountains
wrote to me the mountain is almost like
they they command that you look at them
like they command that you will be in
all of them so yeah we stayed at the new
Sheraton Hotel which is on the main
strip of Telluride tie right itself
again is very small it's like a main
city block and then it does like on it
so yeah you know keep that in mind it is
small I would say if you are not that
outdoorsy in nature I would not
recommend going to Telluride Colorado
unless you just really want to just be
isolated and just away from people for a
while I could totally see how a place
like Telluride Colorado could be like an
introvert dream Thoreau in a cabin by
you know eating until your ride there's
a lot of great fine dining restaurants I
would definitely recommend staying
within American cuisine I would
definitely not recommend veering off
into different ethnic minority foods
while you're there because to be frank
Telluride is very white I did have oak
while we were there though that was
baller I've never had elk before it was
good it's real good I'll give you a try
it before this is a very white city
most days I was the only black person
that I saw or the day
most days and I think the thing that was
interesting about tigereye from an
african-american perspective is that you
have to make a certain amount of money
to be in a place like Telluride as a
tourist like on vacation it is your if
you're there it's going to be automatic
let me assume that you make a certain
amount of money and so from me and mr.
hallease to be there people I think just
didn't know how to think of us you know
I think they were just definitely like
well they make a certain amount of money
because they're here you know but then
they're also like what they're
minorities though so you know so much so
that while we were there a older
Caucasian woman just blatantly came up
to us at one point and was just like
we're all from and you know just and
expecting us I think to have accents and
say you know just to be of exotic money
you know I use that term loosely
exotic money you know and when we were
both like Texas she's like oh hey she's
definitely just like oh you know it
almost almost to say like Oh minorities
make money I was telling a friend you
know when I'm here in Texas I think I'm
reminded that I'm black in some way at
least once a day once or twice a day
probably there it was like every hour on
the hour it was like yeah I'm black
something I would definitely recommend
that you do while you're in Telluride is
take the gondola the gondola is a free
service that gets you from town to town
and it's it's so beautiful you get to
see such an amazing view of each little
town that you're going to and once again
the mountains are so extraordinary
you know smell of pine the fresh air
it's just it's so great I would
definitely recommend taking the gondola
while you're there whatever go back I
definitely would I mean I'd go back if
for you know if we were invited again I
would definitely go back and I would
definitely for sure things like I would
definitely camp and I would definitely
hike more I would go into it with the
mindset of bringing hiking camping
stuffs and just like being one with
nature as Evelyn would say you know just
wear my hair product free and just be
out there you know so I would definitely
do that if I ever went back to Telluride
Oh in the comments below let me know if
you have been at Telluride and the
experience you had while you were there
and yeah I'll see you when I see you
