hey everyone welcome to sans gluten
I'm Hollies today we will be making
gluten-free cornbread mr. Hollis and I
started prepping our meat earlier today
around noon we are slow cooking a
brisket and to go along with our meal we
were going to have hopefully delicious
gluten-free cornbread the recipe that I
will be using is sort of a variation off
of Bob Red Mills cornmeal it's the
recipe that's on the back so if you're
interested just buy they're gluten free
cornmeal and now you have the recipe I
will be modifying it with my own gluten
free mixture that you all know about if
you don't know about it look at the
little eye in the corner and you'll have
a link straight to that video and yeah
you know hopefully it's good so first
things first we need to prep our liquid
ingredients you're going to need two
large eggs at room temperature lightly
beaten 1 cup of milk whatever milk you
decide to use I'm using lactose free
milk because cows make me sick sometimes
and then we will use 1/3 cup of canola
oil and we're going to blend them in our
mixture and again we're gonna move to
the dry ingredients so with this mixture
a Bob's Red Mill they start telling you
all these different flours they want you
to use once again we're using my
gluten-free flour so we don't really
have to worry about that we just have to
do a little bit of math to make sure we
know exactly how much whole consistency
there should be so they want 1/2 a cup
of tapioca flour I have a couple of
potato starch fourth cup of sorghum
flour one ok so that would be two and a
quarter cup of flour first thing we're
gonna do is add half a cup of our
cornmeal
and another half a cup of our we're
gonna pray to God do we have enough corn
yield let's see if we do oh I think we
will we happened up corn now we have
enough corn real guys that's like that
was perfect
all right so that makes one cup of
gluten-free cornmeal next thing we're
gonna do is add our gluten-free flour
mixture now once again what did I say
two and a quarter cup gluten-free flour
mixture two cups and now we need a
quarter of a cup it's only half we're
gonna make it work I don't feel like
finding the quarter of a cup of things
so we're gonna fill up like a flash that
feels right all right we're going with
it the next thing we are going to add
going by the recipe is one teaspoon of
xanthan gum one teaspoon of sea salt
I find the recipes that sometimes the
salt they tell you to add really isn't
enough so you 2 teaspoons of baking
powder
and now we have our dry ingredients all
right so now we need to whisk together
oh we almost forgot the sugar
we need 1/3 cup of granulated sugar okay
now whisk now that everything is whisked
together really well
we're gonna come back to our mixture
over here and make sure that it is good
to go as well a little bit at a time
this is when having a mixer is really
awesome so our mix seems to be ready now
we need to prep our pan that we're going
to bake it in I'm using a 9 inch baking
pan nothing too special despite you got
it
I think I got it from my wedding and you
can use regular butter or margarine take
paper towel spread on the pan a lot of
people just use a Baker's joy spray to
prep their pans now but since this is a
gluten free thing can't use Baker's joy
because I'm pretty sure it has gluten in
it so we got to do it the old-fashioned
way then you take a little bit of your
gluten-free flour mixture just sprinkle
it in there like so and this comes the
fun part you need to go over your
trashcan and slowly tap to prep your pan
all right so our pan looks pretty good I
think my mom would still judge this as a
subpart prep and but you know
so now we are going to take our batter
just wants to do it there we go so now
the issue is getting it to somehow
settle into the pan that's gonna take
some finessing
it's like a painting
alright thank you
cannot settle our batter is ready to go
we are going to stick it in the oven
once again your oven should be set at
350 it has been about 15 minutes and our
gluten free cornbread is about half done
so what I'm going to do is rotate it and
put it in for another 15 minutes okay so
it has officially been 30 minutes our
gluten free cornbread should be done
fingers crossed and let's see what we
got hopefully we have something that is
deliciously tasty amazingly awesome all
right so this actually looks pretty good
it's got a nice got a nice got a nice
little crust there to it a little bit of
puckery all right so just see the steam
kind of now see that
have the formula don't hit to the crunch
of the hormone sweetness
you
you
