what's up YouTube it is Neha loose and
for today's Veda i figured i would show
you all what is in my backpack because
i'm actually at the office right now
where i went to desk here to work and
i'm about to pack up it's the end of the
day so i figured i would show y'all
what's in my bag and what i take to work
when i leave my home office and I come
here to get out of my house so I don't
kill myself or mr. Hawley's or Dakota is
the backpack that I take with me to the
office when I do come here it is a
herschel bag what I really love about
this backpack is that it has a flap for
you to put your laptop in it and it's
got like softies it feels nice and soft
YUM and then it also has a pack for you
to put your iPad as well if you have an
iPad alright Lee in my bag right now
there is one drive this is my so when
I'm for all my videos that I personally
do when I'm traveling around I use the
silicon power hard drives and I label
each of them this one's called travel
Holly's to this one actually has all the
videos that I've done on Veda as well as
videos I made last year like 60 to 70
bucks depending on how much space this
one's one terabyte and their drop proof
shockproof waterproof lifeproof awesome
proof they're amazing I'm have business
cards in here
uh a UH one of those little claw few
things for their technically for your
glasses but I use them for my lenses
like that in this top part it's supposed
to be for your I think like your
sunglasses suppose to be a sunglasses
pocket but I use it to hold lip balm I
like to use the EOS lip balms they're
really good and I'm black you've always
got to have some lotion on you can never
have too much lotion I think I got this
lotion in Ireland at one of the hotels
we stayed at and it smells real good
that's why I keep it in here doubles as
a perfume you know I'm saying and then
my bottom one deodorant because
sometimes the middle of day I be stankin
so you know I got to reapply I'm just
keeping a real guys in a room and then
more lotion now i'm gonna show you all
what I'm about to put in my backpack
because i'm heading home as always
notebook I'm action on the last page on
the last page of my notebook and I
already have my backup notebook ready to
go right in the ipad flap hard drives
like i said i've got tons of them so
this is my hard drive that houses i use
Dropbox for business for work and i also
have a personal dropbox that i use I
keep all of those files even though
their house on the cloud with your
Dropbox I keep them all on this little
guy in the backpack this is my timba is
a brand of camera gear accessories
holders and things like that and they
have a BYO d-series basically this just
helps you hold on a different gear you
know and so in here I've got my little
mic and then
also power cord extender I'm using my
camera right now but it'll go in this
backpack too for that i use my little
timba bag holder and it holds my
batteries and my lens and the camera and
the lens that i'm using now we'll go in
here and i use this when I'm not using
my camera bag you know when I don't need
all my gear I just want to take my
camera with me and I do bring my camera
with me like almost everywhere macbook
pro
goes in
and then headphones with my headphones I
put them up top as well
and that is essentially what I keep in
my Herschel bag I also always bring
water with me this is how I try to stay
hydrated because for me if I don't have
the water in front of me I will become
dehydrated because I will just forget to
drink water and so I've gotten into the
habit of just bringing a water bottle
with me everywhere because as long as I
just have it in front of me in sight
plain sight I'll instinctively just keep
drinking from it throughout the day and
this one is almost empty because I've
been drinking it and i hook it up right
here these are strong enough to hold a
hundred pounds and usually people on set
use them to hook things together if
you're a gaffer on set you probably have
a lot of these ah that is everything
that is in my backpack yeah I'll see you
when I see you
