bribing a cop take one
once upon a time mr. Hollis and I went
to Cancun if you would like to check out
that video I have Sara so yeah what's
fun time mr. Elias and I went to Cancun
and it was beautiful the beaches the
fishies it was beautiful and then we had
to come home I had not been feeling well
that morning I had the boobs
we were running a tad late to our flight
and because of that by the time we were
into the vehicle the rental vehicle and
I was driving us to the airport you know
I mean I was going a couple of
kilometres over the speed limit we end
up getting pulled over two police
officers are off on the side doing
things I don't know what they're doing
and they start waving at us as we're
approaching and I just think oh and then
I realize oh no they want us to stop
mister Elise is in the passenger side
officer comes up to us and in Spanish
proceeds to tell us that you know hey
guys yall are speeding he asked for my
license looks at it looks at mr. ha
lisa's license too and you know i mean
he can tell we're American blah blah
blah whatever and he says all right so
here's how this is gonna work since you
were speeding I have to confiscate your
ID and you have to go down to the
courthouse and pay the fine for speeding
and the fine is like I think it was a
hundred and fifty American dollars or
something like that and then he leaves
I'm assuming to start going to fill out
paperwork and things like that
and so mr. Hollis is freaking out
because he's like I don't want to go to
a Mexican jail I mean I don't want to
either so but I don't think that'll
happen in this situation I think we'll
be fine
and I bet I turned to mr. Allison a
someone okay when he comes back just
tell him the situation like tell him
we're running late and we're sorry were
speeding and that we're just trying to
get to the airport on time and ask him
if there's anything we can do to
expedite this as the officer comes back
his badge isn't there anymore
and you know I think he's kind of saying
a few things and then mr. release is
like in Spanish mr. Hawley says to him
explains the situation and says you know
is there anything we can do to make this
not take us long and in a matter of
seconds I realized there was many things
we could do to make this not take as
long just by his body language in his
response to mr. hallease asking that he
immediately sort of like leans his
shoulder his his elbow onto the car kind
of looks at both of us kind of like
looks off to the side and then he
proceeds to say in Spanish well how much
money do you get on you and we both take
out our wallets and show him you know we
empty our wallets in front of him and
show him this is what we have I think we
maybe had 30 or 40 American dollars on
us maybe a couple hundred pesos maybe
I'm not sure and he's still sitting
there and looking at it looks at us and
then he says the following in Spanish
here's how this is gonna go down and
he's got this like cool calm collected
kind of imma take your money
and I'm gonna give you these IDs back
you go on your way and I go on mine
there'll be no receipt of this there
will be no recording of the exchange
that has taken place now okay but you'll
be able to go on your way and I'll be
able to get back to my work how do you
feel about that and of course the both
of us are like that's great and so with
a quick swipe of the wrist he takes our
money hands us back our IDs and we mr.
hallease rolls his the window back up as
he's doing that the officer says you
know have a good flight and walks away
one thing I will mention about that
whole experience that I remember having
a conversation with mr. Lee's about
after the fact and kind of while we were
there too is that you know while we were
in Cancun we did drive around
little bit and there were times when we
would see the Mexican police around for
whatever reason at least when we were
there which was just last September I
want to say they were pretty militarized
when we were driving around or a police
on motorcycles and police and cars and
they had semi-automatic weapons on them
I remember mr. hallease saying to me
like people don't these police make you
nervous and I think and you know he was
referring to the sort of climate that we
have here in the States right now with
police brutality and things like that
you know I kind of went through a little
bit of a breakdown last year and the
year before
oh well not even almost an anxiety
driven fear a little bit of the police
here in the States
you know after our encounter with that
officer mr. Elias ass means like you
know were you scared and I realized that
I wasn't what's worth mentioning and the
reasons why I wasn't it was because with
these police I knew where I stood no
matter what the situation you know I
knew going into any encounter with any
Mexican officer is that they will not
hesitate to kill me and I and I knew
that going in and so because of just
knowing what I would be getting into if
I did have to face them for whatever
reason that is calming it's easier to
know what your threat is and know how
best to react to it
then to not know at all and I think
that's the main source of my anxiety
here in the States with our police is
that I get pulled over and I don't know
who I'm gonna get what I like to assume
that any cop that pulls me over is going
to see me as an American first and treat
me fairly on paper yeah that's what it's
supposed to be but the reality is is
that it's not at least there I'm not
saying that in Mexico it's better
because it's obviously not I know what
to expect in the comments below let me
know about an experience that you have
had that has or let me know about a
emotional response you have had to a
situation that surprised you after the
whether it be an encounter with police
in another country whether it be
deciding to you know I don't know bungee
jump for the first time and realizing
that you have zero fear and doing that
whatever it may be
let me know in the comments below and
I'll see you tomorrow
