hello YouTube I'm coming at you from the
iphone today because frankly I'm
emotionally drained so you know we're
just going to shoot a video on the
iphone and call it a day that's what
we're going to do today so let's talk
about the last 24 hours let's talk about
that Harriet Tubman's on the
twenty-dollar bill that's cool heike
here for it low key a little bit
offended though that Jackson's on the
back of it though still so you're going
to have this amazing woman that came in
freed slaves after getting her own
freedom and then have like a slave owner
president on the back hashtag America
and then what was awesome was the beauty
of black Twitter and Tumblr creating all
sorts of hilarity because of the Harriet
Tubman awesomeness I was here for it I
love us we are funny and then uh you
know this morning I lived in a world
where Prince roamed and now I don't you
know I just I don't know how I feel
about that I don't know how I feel about
that guys so you know I saw a tweet
earlier today that was like can we just
skip 2016 a little bit wake me up in
2017 maybe just maybe yeah so in the
comments below let me know how your 2016
is going you know Black History Month
was so lit this year though it was so
lit okay yeah in the comments below let
me know how your 2016 is going is it
going good for you let's have a check-in
let's do a check-in have you gotten that
promotion how's that novel going did you
sign up for that master's degree you
know how is your 2016 or are you just
surviving or is your 2016 kind of like
I can already tell 2016 to wash you know
meet me in 2017 meet me on the other
side you know let me know in the
comments below how y'all are doing and I
will see y'all tomorrow
