we were we were only yeah we're rolling
all right so uh Veda day 19 take one so
last night I was chillin with BAE and we
were watching television and all of a
sudden I thought to myself I'm gonna put
twists in my hair and one episode of
daredevil half of the Rockettes game and
two episodes of Bob's Burgers Bob's
Burgers later voila
this is my hair now I mostly decided to
do this just because now that my hair is
starting to grow out I keep messing with
it
my little fro I keep just hands in it
and it's like stop it Hollies stop it I
wanted to just not touch my hair as much
so I went ahead and put these twists in
but then midway through putting the
twists in I was like am I starting my
second locs that though so I don't know
let me know in the comments below if I
have yeah because I think I might have
inadvertently done that but yeah I
didn't do anything like crazy particular
to get it done
I bought a rat tail comb for a win I
decided to start my locs cuz I planned
on starting the via interlocking I need
something to help me part my parts
relatively straight and so I got it and
just sat there while we watching TV you
know I didn't use any product or
anything like that I just went to town
on my head and put these in I took a
while it took me about two and a half
three hours to do this and I plan on
keeping them in for at least a month
probably one thing with me is that you
know I don't let protective styling
disrupt my natural haircare regimen so
I'm still gonna get my hair wet at least
once a week and yeah this morning when I
woke up you know they were all like
everywhere so the way I got them to sort
of sit down is that I took a shower like
I normally do I didn't get my hair wet
or anything and you know once my hands
were just wet from the shower i and you
know stamp I kind of like lightly padded
the water on
and I did that maybe like once or twice
and when I got out the shower I went and
grabbed just one of my satin scarfs I
just took it and just very lightly
wrapped it around my head while I
finished moisturizing getting dressed
all of that kind of like made sure all
of the twists were sitting down how I
wanted them to essentially and then very
lightly wrapped it around my head and I
didn't take it off until I was like
ready to go and that is how I got them
to all kind of sit more or less but I
kind of forgot that you can start locks
you know with twists a little bit I said
I forgot so yeah maybe this is LOC
journey number two right now starting on
this the day of our Lord April 19 2016 I
think that I I tried to count them
earlier today and I think there's maybe
almost 200 of them so and some of them
are a little bit bigger than others I
tried to be pretty uniform about them
all the way around my head but some of
them are a little bit bigger than others
so I could try to split a few but I feel
this feels like a good amount I don't
really want to go much smaller than this
with twists just thinking about
maintenance because I'll probably
interlock to maintain if this does end
up being a second lock set so yeah you
know in the comments below let me know
how you're feeling about it let me know
if you're digging it let me know if
you're not that's fine if you're not
it's fine that's fine because the
reality is mr. hallease saw me this
morning he was like oh you look cute I
like your little twist nubs and I was
like hey thinks I'm cute so it doesn't
matter what anyone else says okay anyway
yeah I'll see y'all tomorrow
