all right so this is Veda day 14 take
one I looked through y'all's comments
and wrote down some of the questions and
I'm going to now ask mr. hallease said
questions that I made a Veda video
talking about how we met they want to
know your version of that story I mean
where do we start
I don't know there was this one time
where we were all hanging out and
Shabaab ha ha Shabaab was talking about
so I was like music they were getting
into a music discussion and I had no
idea afterward
yeah you were just sitting there quietly
playing with like a lighter or like the
cigarette pack or something oh yeah it
was because of those camels cigarettes
and I was just like I'm gonna make this
camel walk that was like oh that's funny
and something to do so I started playing
along a little bit and then we just
started talking I mean I just remembered
how easy it was to talk to you so I kind
of just wanted a friend
cuz I just moved to San Antonio I didn't
really know anybody except for my old
roommate and then secretly um I don't
know just kind of see where things went
cuz you seem like a cool person then and
nothing I mean nothing came of it but
now that I was free I just wanted to see
where it went I think that segues into
the other question though ah yeah it
does when did you realize you wanted to
date me
we hung out of shish ha's and then we
hung out for like three hours yeah it
was a long time then I thought mmm this
could go well cuz it wasn't that awkward
it just wasn't bad it didn't I didn't
get the vibe that you thought I was a
serial killer or something yeah yeah I
was like okay cool proceed with the
master plan which was to continue to
engage you and hope that you didn't lose
intrinsic it's a grand master plan I
mean I was I think it was after that
first date where I was like yeah this
needs to be a thing are we considering
children uh I mean what does that like
in the future are we
I don't know trying to have children I
guess so I think we're stuck in
eventually purgatory where we just keep
putting it off
people always asked and there were like
four or five years four or five years
that's true but it's been two years
since I think we initially started
saying that and we're probably still
about four five
it's spontaneously hang out with whoever
we want yeah we took a lot of trips last
year we did take a lot of trips last
year I'll link to some of the trips with
the Eye of Sauron
so until we become less selfish probably
probably not probably four or five years
yeah what do you think I mean I I don't
know I just it's not practical to me I
don't see the practicality of having
them I mean I've told you this before
it's like I'm not not for having kids
I'm just very indifferent and kind of
just waiting for you to be like I think
I want children now and because I love
you I will try to give them to you yeah
but you're tell your squee is that my
screen I think that's what the white
people say your reaction to babies is
getting stronger there it's stronger now
than it was a couple years ago you think
so and you see pictures of babies on
Instagram well that's cuz they're so
cute and they put them in cute stuff I
don't want it question three Chris oh
when and why did you decide to propose
this doesn't sound that romantic I guess
you were nearing graduation and you were
going to LA right for the tail end of
your program yeah so Laurie I was a full
major in college I'm sixth what I blame
is know we can stop rolling this is the
beauty of making big ones that will
continue okay I was a film major in
college and I was heading to LA to do my
semester abroad in Los Angeles to intern
there and we had already been dating for
about a year yeah so you're in a couple
months it's been a year by that point so
we're pretty serious what I think you
were just scared it wasn't going to come
back yeah I mean it was a legitimate
concern in a year-long relationship as a
was too you know possible career
opportunities right
you seem like a very and you still are
very rational person yes I just wanted
to make sure that you realized how much
I cared about you I wasn't trying to
like kill dreams I was just trying to
make you realize that you know I was in
it for the long haul and if you were
gonna and I had mentioned it if you were
gonna stay in LA then I was gonna go
over there and try to make it work right
yeah yeah I was uh struggling to find a
good place to propose and I did it in
your your apartment in my apartment
all right oh not a good story skew um oh
and did I have an inclination it was
coming yes I did I definitely did
because I'm not terrible about being so
nothing better have you though oh yeah
have you mmm move like when one of you I
don't think so put me on the spot okay
take two favorite thing about me your
beautiful smile I mean as hokey as it
sounds and played-out but it's your the
better half
I'm irrational some certain instances
and you're the bedrock or the
cornerstone and then I mean no one
freaks out at the same time right yeah
it's gonna so thank you see you freaked
out but then I'm not freaking out and
then I freaked out and then you're not
freaking out right so I love that part
of you I mean physically i damning your
smile just the way that you look it's
kind of like your face in your neck seem
so regal have you been told that before
from different people but yes yeah
smiles smiles very nice that's good yeah
that's it take three why did we decide
to get married I think the comment was
originally um a lot of people can like
fall in love but you know they'll just
live together or their
we almost I mean it was really your
parents yeah it was kind of blood yeah
they wouldn't let us they frowned upon
any of us living together in sin great
my family's pretty pious in that regard
I mean our take on marriage was kind of
I mean you can tell what we thought
about marriage because we just eloped
they actually they don't know that I
don't know yeah they don't know that we
eloped but it's yeah that's a lot of
relationship Vedas a little bit yeah I'm
kind of this stuff did you do that okay
what's the biggest concession each of us
had to make for the marriage I'll let
you go first
um so yeah propose to you to show you
that I was committed to you yeah and
that you had something to come back to
or something here in Texas but because
you were coming back you wanted the best
shot at getting a job right which was
going to be in Austin and I'm in San
Antonio at the time yeah at that point I
had a dead-end job at a call center but
then I had snuck into an internship and
because of the internship I its
springboarded me into a better job yeah
so essentially he gave up that job offer
in San Antonio to allow us both to move
to Austin so it could have an editing
video production jump off and long-term
I think it paid off no I mean it did it
was just but it was very hot we were
very poor yeah for a while huh for a
while how does being mood reframe how we
conceptualize romantic love look isn't
like the real relationship is more like
a business yeah it's a lot of
give-and-take um the buddy system yeah I
mean cuz mm-hmm romantic love is just
idealized yeah it's what you know and
it's actually kind of like stalkerish in
nature and it's just not I mean it's not
realistic you can't do grand gestures
every day it's it's just hard because
you're just going day to day living your
life with this other person just
making it work and a lot of times I
think that's where the real love is
though is making it work day to day yeah
true it's almost like you're taking each
other for granted but in a good way
because you're both going to be there
you're always assuming that the other
person is going to be there which is
true and then every now and then you
just need to acknowledge them for the
fact that they've stayed there
what's one weird aspect about our
relationship I don't know it like I
don't know what's a weird aspect it's
hard to it sort of objectively like pull
away from the relationship and say yeah
that's that's weird that's weird that we
do that yeah I'm pretty sure there's
plenty of people let us know yeah
um last question what's one thing you're
hesitant to tell each other I was gonna
say that I'm headed in to tell you about
my failures things that I do
tremendously wrong things that I know
that are gonna upset you one thing yeah
I've learned to filter what I say
not till I don't lie I don't ever lie to
you but I definitely have learned to
like have a buffer in how I say things
and it's mostly just like I think you
might need to humble yourself a little
bit in the situation oh yeah no I mean
and figuring out the best way to say
that to you so that you'll hear it
because it's one thing to say to someone
you're being selfish that's how like an
argument stays yeah you know well you're
a big poop yeah yeah well you're
terrible in bed oh oh escalated very
exactly second well you never the dishes
away we're still terrible in bed that's
all the questions uh-oh the last
question was are you and Shabab up still
friends a lot of y'all kept asking that
question yes neasha ba ba they're still
friends she has a toddler she's happily
married to a lovely man and they have a
cute little girl together and she's
great this is mr. melis he exists he's
real and
I don't know that's it you want to part
any words of knowledge to the community
at large and then social media they know
you exist like on snapchat no like it's
not like some weird curiosity of like
look at the double-headed rabbit I think
it might be a little bit of that yeah
the double-headed rabbit gets to carats
see you tomorrow bye
