welcome to my porch isn't it beautiful
have a little bit of a green thumb
always have always will gotta have
plants wherever I'm at so for today's
Veda I thought I would talk to you all
about how I don't know how to make wine
but I have a reasoning in a merlot
though and just come out here sometimes
and I just talked to him how you doing
Reisling feeling good good how you doing
Merlot you doing good good I'll talk to
him and then I've got Jasmine easiest
plant to grow
like if you don't think you have a green
thumb get a jasmine you've got a green
thumb now my citronella planet's most
citronella plants these are what protect
me from the bugs when mr. Holly Sarah
and I are out here grilling we use their
citronella plants and sitting near them
so that way the bugs don't eat us up too
bad in the comments below if any of
y'all know how to make wine let me know
because I've got grapes this year and I
need to figure out how to make wine so
it's Thursday beta I couldn't think of a
video to make so it's just kind of like
a day in the life of police on a
Thursday and here in Austin Thursday's
you kind of like semi turn up like semi
you get semi turnt so I'm going to meet
my friend who was actually my roommate
from college I'm gonna go meet her at
hop dotty it's a burger joint here in
Austin and we're gonna have some drank
fun catch up and talk and stuff if
you're liking my head wrap it's at the
rap life I love their head wraps I think
I have like five of their head wrap
seven insane amount of head wraps from
them and sunglasses are heb four dollars
for dollar sunglass earrings i think i
got from Target for like a smooth two
bucks am i was reading the comments on
one of the other veda videos i did so
far and yes I do have a Fitbit blaze um
I plan on making a Veda video about it
but it probably won't be until this
weekend when I actually have the time to
like
make a good video whenever I do product
reviews videos I try to actually like
produce them so that way you know if
brands want to reach out to me I have
good examples of product videos that
I've done like the mohabbat choose video
which was not a sponsored video by the
way I really did buy those slippers and
i still wear them oh but i wanted to
make that like a good video because i
noticed that a lot of people hadn't
reviewed them at all and because of that
that video has significantly more views
than my average video so i will be doing
the blaze just I just want to make it a
good video so give me some time on that
one but it is coming and it'll be this
month probably
hey
I'm sorry this beta video is kind of
just like a day in the life of police a
little bit but you know uh work was just
really busy today so I really didn't
have time to make an actual beta video
but I still wanted to do my part and do
something so now I'm walking home and
hopefully tomorrow I'll be back on my
Veda grind and you know we can just
pretend today didn't happen yeah I'll
see y'all tomorrow ye
