so when I first thought about this I was
talking to you about how frustrated I
was with the situation and part of it
was that I just feel isolated people
will ask you know hey what's going on
hey do you have an update hey this hey
that just being reminded of it it's its
turbulent enough and it's kind of like
like being stuck in the middle of the
ocean
and you're being flipped by the waves
and you're treading water you're getting
water in your nose you're getting water
in your lungs it's it's hard it's just
hard just treading water and maintaining
is hard you feel helpless you feel
hopeless it's almost like I just kind of
want to like stare up at the sky and
look at the vastness of heaven instead
of looking down into into the situation
and just getting mired in the water
nobody understands that it's a struggle
because everybody else is on a platform
or a boat I just need someone to see
that I'm taking on water and it's hard
to get my nose above it all and it's
easy to get mired down into that but
what's important to remember is that no
man is an island I am NOT alone in this
ocean all we know is that we have each
other
and if that's the only thing that I can
count on then I'll hold on to it as long
as I can
you
