hey guys it's me hallease back with
another hair video a lot of girl
requested to know how I take care of my
short cut hair and this is what I do I
wash my hair now about twice a week so
let's get into this to wash my hair i
use the jason dandruff relief shampoo i
did a review of this product a while
back i'll link to it the terressentials
mudwash
and i now use a comb brush everything
will be in the description box I start
by getting my hair completely saturated
get my jason shampoo get about a quarter
size amount and work that into my hair
once again I really like the shampoo
because it just really keeps my dandruff
in check and then I take my comb and
start to massage my comb brush into my
hair this brush is pretty awesome I
tried it cuz a lot of different
youtubers have been talking about it and
I actually really love it it's pretty
name is pickle link in the description
box if you're interested in it also if
you find that this brush is a little too
expensive go to any beauty supply store
and you'll find a plethora of different
shampoo brushes after that I give my
hair a good rinse and then I repeat I
like to shampoo twice because I feel
like it just gets my hair really clean
and plus the Jason dandruff shampoo is
so mild that I can shampoo twice and not
feel like it's going to completely dry
out my hair but it also still combats
once again the dandruff and just keeping
my scalp in good check which I really
love I really love the shampoo guys it
just works wonders
and then I don't use the scrub brush on
the second time only the first time and
I rinse now to follow up
I use a terressentials mudwash you'll
notice I'm using the lavender with in
previous videos I recommended the sultry
spice it's kind of dry here in Texas
right now we haven't had much of a
winter but it's dry so that's why I've
been using the lavender one because it's
more moisturizing so I work that into my
hair make sure it's evenly distributed
and once I feel like it's good to go I
leave it in and wash the rest of my body
so I will see y'all
once I'm off the shower bye alright so
after I wash the rest of my body I
rinsed out the mud wash and I'm towel
drying my hair lightly you can use a
shirt whatever you use I know a lot of
women don't use different things I just
use a towel I think that's particularly
about it and now my hair is about 50%
dry I went ahead and got dressed
yo Durant moisturize I like this now
because once again it's pretty dry here
in Texas I am moisturizing my hair now
after I usually just do the mud wash on
that fit to moisturize my hair I use a
combination of rose water and the boccie
feel enriched coconut oil I put the rose
water in a little spray bottle and I put
the vodka coconut oil in a little
Tupperware container so that way it's
easy to access and I don't have to keep
like melting it every time I want to use
this that gets really annoying so I just
put it all in one thing and melt it with
my fingers so first things first I take
the rose water and spray it evenly
throughout my hair and kind of massage
it in I really love the rose water it's
just nice it's just a nice little extra
touch and it makes a great toner for
your skin too I then take the bicycle
oil a little dollop rub it between my
hands to get it to melt and then work it
into ma her and this is just what's
going to protect my hair from this dry
weather that we've been having this
winter and
you know it just keeps your hair feeling
nice and soft and moisturized and all
that jazz it's a nice little protection
and this is pretty much it guys this is
all I do to my hair I don't try to like
define coils or anything like that I
just let my hair air dry throughout the
day and go about my life so yeah
I hope this helped I'll see you when I
see you
