hey everyone it's me hallease
endeavoring to persevere as always I'm
the one that usually comes to check on
the house to just make sure it's still
here or whatever and it's been raining a
lot here in San Antonio so you know I'm
just going cut to it
yeah that's not ideal not ideal at all
so I'm documenting everything and it
just got me like thinking about just how
I even feel about the house now it's
like I walk in here and it feels like it
feels like I'm in a different Holly's
life like a Holly's that does not exist
anymore and and like it's a good thing
that this house doesn't exist the house
itself almost feels like a physical
manifestation of everything I thought I
wanted my life to be and now that it's
crumbling and falling apart and like no
matter what we do to help keep it up or
maintain it it still is just crumbling
in spite of that it feels like a
confirmation of like yeah this life was
never meant for you I hid some serious
accomplishments while away hitting
13,000 subscribers and also getting
hired by my friend for my first solo
travel gig as a videographer and
producer but people tend to focus on all
the accomplishments in life rarely
acknowledging that it is the hardships
that often get you there I've said on
this channel a few times that this is
all my therapy I took these portraits in
this house and now my sorrow my guilt my
frustration my anger it all lives within
them so I can get back to work the
Greeks have two words for time that are
used in the Bible the Chronos which is
time as a form of measurement days weeks
months years
and the Kairos the opportune time this
will all end when God beams it so the
Kairos
I've learned a few things about myself
from this process so far home is a
person for me it doesn't matter where I
am in the world if mr. hallease is there
with me I am home stay humble this isn't
a video to seek your pity this is a
video to remind you and myself that
beneath every accomplishment there is a
failure
and that's a good thing it is in the
failures that we discover our true
potential what will I become from this
failure I guess you'll have to wait and
see
