hey everyone its Elise here and I wanted
to get on to make a video about
different regiments different shampoos I
have tried to combat my kind of seasonal
dandruff / cerebral dermatitis e scalp
II stuff based on when I tried products
that went awry and my scalp was like Ino
and freaked out see there there is a
routine or there is a technique that you
should use the first thing is shampoo
twice every time you're cleansing your
hair shampoo twice the first shampoo you
do breaks up the dirt off your scalp
the second shampoo you do rinses the and
gets the dirt off of your hair
the second thing that I think you should
think about or consider is frequencies
when everything's fine with my hair and
everything's good my scalp is healthy
I'm cleansing maybe once a week maybe
I'm getting my hair wet every day but
I'm only actually cleaning it once a
week we're gonna have you know maybe
twice a week if I've been active that
week working out playing soccer or
whatever but when I'm having a scalp
outbreak when I'm having some issues I'm
cleaning my hair cleansing in two three
maybe four times a week especially if
I'm trying to get my scalp back to
equilibrium and I'm still working out
consistently I'm cleansing my hair often
the first product that I used that has
always been tried and true for me it's
my go-to it's just you know o reliable
if you will is the head and shoulders
hit in your shoulders very affordable
product a very easy product to and one
they claim it's a two-in-one
but that's the thing about head and
shoulders this stuff will strip you dry
so when I use head and shoulders for my
scalp issues I make sure to dilute it in
a little applicator bottle I'll put
about a quarter size amount and this is
back when I had feeling as y'all know
I've shaved my head this is back when I
had
ten inches of hair shrunken I would put
a quarter size amount of this into a 5
ounce applicator bottle give it a shake
and use that to work it into my scalp
and I would focus this on my scalp by
the time you're rinsing it out of your
hair it's going to be taking the dirt
off the rest of your strands as it's
coming out so don't really work this
into your into the shafts of your hair
really focus it on the scalp
now with this shant would play with my
ideas of shampooing twice I would use
this once for the first wash I would use
this and then for my second wash I would
use a moisturizing shampoo something
that isn't quite as stripping but still
cleaning my hair and the one that I use
and keep with me handy
good old Shea moistures strength and
grow and restore strengthen grow and
restore with the jamaican black
castor oil I find that the shampoo is so
light and moisturizing and non-stripping
that it complements the head and
shoulders really well because I like to
experiment I would I stepped away from
head and shoulders for a little while
when I was having dandruff stuff and
decided to try old nutria Dinah's tea
gel um you know I just heard you know
just like people know head and shoulders
was good for scalp stuff this was
something that I read a lot of people
would try and use it when they are
having dandruff scalp issues tea gel I
also once again bought the two and one
because I figure this stuff is going to
be strong you know try to combat that as
much as possible again the thing with
this product is it is almost identical
in ingredients as head and shoulders
differences in these products are almost
negligible they both have the same
dandruff fighting
like dandruff fighting chemicals stuffs
in them very similar regimen I would use
it again with an applicator bottle
directly to my scalp and tried to focus
it on my scalp and keep it away from the
shafts of my hair so that was the head
and shoulders and the Neutrogena yeah at
this point I decided okay these work
well enough but they're so stripping can
I find something that you know isn't as
stripping but still can help with my
dandruff
so while wandering about I came across
Shea moistures dandruff control shampoo
and hair mask so I tried both of these
together as a regimen now with this
because it was a sham moisture product
and I know it's going to be relatively
natural blah blah blah you know the
drill I used this twice
this was my shampoo twice was using just
this product um I love the smell of this
product um it reminds me it's like the
best way I can describe the smell of
this product is like your favorite
auntie that does hair that's like all
that's come when you can describe it
she's a hairdresser so she's got just
that works no I don't know and this
shampoo I will say it it lathers really
well which is awesome and I mean it gets
your hair pretty clean without stripping
it which is lovely as well now after I
was shampoo twice with this I would
follow up with the hair mask as my
conditioner while I will say this is was
a great moisturizer I don't really feel
like this combo really did anything for
my dandruff control I would find that I
would wash
and might shampoo twice and then use
this and while my hair felt great and my
scalp was technically clean within a day
it would still start itching again which
was not something that would happen when
I used the head and shoulders or the
teejoe so I used that for a little while
but I really kind of considered it a
wash I didn't really feel like it
important
finally I stumbled upon this product and
this is now the product that is my go to
product whenever I have itching dandruff
flakes
something's happening so I'm just feel
right or I just feel like mm I've been
sweating a lot working out a lot I want
to make sure my hair is getting a really
good deep cleanse aside from the
terressentials mudwash which is what I
use on my hair just all the time now my
happy medium of being extremely
effective but also not completely
stripping my hair and my scalp of every
single thing is Jase
Jason's dandruff control treatments are
excuse me dandruff relief treatment um
I first was turned on I don't even know
am I saying Jason right I don't even
know anyway big you know they got little
flaps on the stuff see stuffs and
haven't been the 100 word anyway I was
first turned on to this product by my
league teal of curlbox I followed her on
snapchat if y'all follow her on snapchat
you totally should because it's just her
snaps are just it's just like I I want
to someday aspire to have that level of
just like business forward miss anyway
and she actually goes through dandruff
flake
issues from time to time and of course
she's always trying products because of
the nature of her business so she was
talking about using a different version
of the Jason dandruff treatment shampoo
it was still brown like this but it had
sort of white accent on it and she
but how much you really liked it was
really effective and kind of did a
little mini snap review on it and I
thought to myself okay my league
hollering editor I'll try it out
so I went to my local healthy grocer and
they didn't have the specific one she
used but they had this one and I thought
to myself well you know this is the
dandruff shampoo adjacent to the one she
was talking about so I'll give it a try
and this stuff has been awesome I will
say it is more expensive than the tea
gel or the Head & Shoulders which is a
bummer I want to say this is like
tannish dollars getting up into the 12s
maybe I'll try to find a price like on
Amazon or something and show it to you
but um this stuff has been the most
effective that and has really worked the
smell is not so pleasant it's got like
this weird rosemary
sulfur smell because there is that soap
sulfur is the ingredient that is helping
combat the dandruff in this it's 2%
sulfur and 2% solid colic acid salad
Kylee that's like chemically I like I
like a look I'll put it in the thing
under here so this shampoo it doesn't
smell bad but it's pungent and it's like
it's like some twisted rosemary smell
that's really the best way to describe
it like twisted rosemary like this
Rosemary's just like like
this rosemary is strong you know I
really I really like it
so if budget permits and you have
dandruff scalp issues try this out let
me know what you think if you have tried
it and it did or didn't work comments
below holla let me know and if you if
any of y'all have any other alternatives
out there um you know hashtag you know
home treatments hashtag tea tree oil you
know I mean I will say for me throughout
my natural hair journey and this and
that I have always tried to do the home
remedies first and I have tried teacher
you oil peppermint things of that nature
and found that they just weren't strong
enough and so one thing I will say to
the naturals out there is that well of
course I am an advocate for keeping it
as natural and organic as you possibly
can if you need if you feel like your
hair and your scalp need something more
medicated then you go to something more
medicated there's nothing wrong with
that there's no shame in that at the end
of the day healthy hair should be your
goal and if you need something more
medicated to achieve a healthy scalp
healthy hair healthy life then go to
something more medicated there's nothing
wrong in that there's no shame in that
so all of that being said this is now
what I use when I have dandruff scalp
issues when I try products and they F up
my head and I need to get back to
equilibrium this is the product that I
reach for now and I hope that helped and
I will see y'all soon and Happy New Year
I'll see you when I see let's make a
video lip cap danger shampoos I've tried
take one
