hey everyone it's me Holly oh god I got
two cameras going am i over here over
here I'm over here I'm over here I'm
over here I'm over here you don't know
see in all seriousness here we go here
we go all right let's talk about this
channel I'm starting this is talk about
it you know all right so if you'll
follow me on snapchat you know that
every now and then i will put out a snap
where I'm literally showing you how I
make some kind of recipe and usually it
ends up being some kind of gluten-free
situation the reason for that is that my
husband within the past year my husband
realized that he had a gluten
intolerance and because of that cut out
gluten from his diet and so to give him
the finer things in life like cookies
and cakes and all of that I began
experimenting in the kitchen and trying
different gluten-free flours and things
of that nature because it's been so
interesting and I just like creating
content that interests me I've decided
to create a new channel called sans
gluten where I will show you all the
different recipes that I'm trying and
just let y'all see what I'm
experimenting with in the kitchen as far
as the gluten-free is concerned check
out the new channel like and subscribe I
mean whatever like and subscribe to the
channel please I guess no pressure I
will link to it and the little little I
guys somewhere in the atmosphere and I
hope you all enjoy that channel I will
try to post to it consistently but
because this like is legitimately a
cooking show I'm creating it feels like
um don't be surprised if the episodes on
that channel are sparse um but all that
being said um I will try to post to that
channel regularly as I try to post
regularly to
this channel so yeah I don't know I'm
just you know like I just get an idea
and I just like do it I don't know I
don't know guys I don't know so you know
this is me and yeah I think that's all I
really got to say about that starting in
your channel ba gluten-free cooking and
baking check it out if the spirit moves
you no pressure I'll see you when I see
ya
