hey everyone I just wanted to get on and
show you all my manfrotto monopod I have
used this monopod for two and a half
years now this was my first monopod
purchase I now also have a the vo
Vanguard monopod which I am currently
using to fill in this video one thing
about this monopod is pretty cool is
that it feels sturdy it feels sturdy it
feels strong just like the typical
tripods that you get from manfrotto I've
had this now for two and a half years
and dropped it many times thought I
busted it that being said because of its
sturdiness and its durability it is
quite heavy it's four point three pounds
it is quite long as well so you know
so it's some things to consider with
this monopod the head is also quite
large as well I currently shoot all of
my videos oh my sony nex-5 p I traded in
my Canon and got a mirrorless camera
because i knew i was going to start
vlogging more and doing more videos and
I just wanted something that traveled
light that was more compact but still
gave me decent picture quality so I
moved to the Sony NEX VI 5t but even
when I had my canon this could still
support it this could still hold it this
has a pretty intense this allows for a
pretty intense wait to be on the head
and support so you know mine I remember
I could easily put my canon with a
telephoto lens with my h4n zoom on top
and it was fine three different latches
to make it as tall as you want one thing
about this monopod is it goes pretty
tall I'm stretching out my hand and I'm
barely touching the tip of it and I'm
five foot one and my arm is long the
other thing is really cool about this
monopod is how it balances so it has
three little feet on the bottom which
let it bounce hands-free which is really
cool so
the thing that you have to remember
though with this monopod is opposed to
the vo van garden monopod which is a
monopod i'm currently using to shoot
this video on is that this monopod will
give you a lot more range of motion and
to tilt a lot so you can get that kind
of Dutch angle stuff you can be pretty
fluid and you know getting some kind of
dynamic interesting shot right the thing
that you have to keep in mind though
with doing that is that this monopod
will not come back to equilibrium like
if I let go right now it's just going to
fall so if you're the type of person
that wants this type of monopods purely
for the fact that it's low-key you don't
have to worry about so many sticks and
you can kind of walk away from it you
need to remember to bring it back to the
equilibrium and make sure that it's set
good that's the one thing about this
monopod that's just something to keep in
mind i've had a few close encounters
with this monopod and walking away but
not having it set back to the center and
you know having to catch the camera
quickly very scary stuff so keep that in
mind with your manfrotto monopod or be
smart and just don't walk away from your
equipment like I do you can purchase it
on Amazon it does come with the head
it comes as a full unit with the head
included and once again I love it it's a
great reliable monopod only thing about
it is because of its durability because
of its range of motion it is a little
bit heavier and it costs a little more
it really depends you know one thing I
say a lot is buy equipment that enhances
your abilities you know I switched to
monopods from tripods because having a
super stable locked shot wasn't that
crucial for me as a vlogger and a
youtuber when I work professionally with
big picture lab that's when i get a
tripod but it didn't it didn't make
sense to invest the money in an intense
tripod because that's not the type of
stuff I shoot so investing in these
monopods was a really good thing for me
because they are simple and light and
they don't cause as much attention to
themselves as traditional bigger more
expensive tripods so consider what
you're trying to shoot and what your
goal is as a shooter and try to find
equipment that helps with that you know
you don't have to spend an arm and a leg
to get you know something that looks
decent and that you can be proud of you
know you don't have to have the
obscenely expensive thing to tell a
great story so with all that being said
this is the monopod I hope you enjoy
this video if you have the manfrotto
monopod and you like it or you want to
recommend another maybe more affordable
monopod to
anyone go ahead and leave it in the
comments below and I will see you when I
see
you
