the video that's going to go on my
channel talking about what's happening
on her channel take whatever hey
everybody it's me Holies and i am here
to let you know that I it's awkward that
you're just sitting an introducer to my
left camera right is Evelyn from eunice
oh so for the next four weeks or so I
will be hanging out on everyone from the
internets channel so if you want to see
what's happening with me head over there
and hang out with her and I will be back
then no little while when that's done we
have a bunch of adventures planned done
mm-hmm so we hope that you enjoy yeah
and please let us know if you do enjoy
them you know I don't usually tell you
how to do this like subscribe all that
jazz yada yada yada so we can actually
know if you enjoyed it and yeah I'll see
you when I see you
you
