fall TV take 01 hey everyone so fall
season is here for television and I am
excited about it I am super excited
about all television it's just a fun
time to watch TV you know just fun so
here's a list of these shows that i will
hopefully be trying to keep up with this
fall this fall i'm actually following a
lot of shows so Riley's for me it feels
like a lot of shows don't know if it's
la shows for y'all but it's only a lot
shows from me fresh off the boat I just
love the just the chemistry and the
dynamic of this family the mom is you
know I know it's a show about an asian
american family but the mom to be like
just embodies my mother on so many
levels and so I really just I can relate
to that entire family dynamic I love it
I just it's such a fresh and fun show I
just love watching fresh off the boat my
husband and I it's one of our favorite
just sit back and chuckle comedies so
yeah fresh off the boat so much fun the
muppet so the Muppets are back this fall
I'm trying to play catch-up actually on
that show I have missed the first two
episodes so I will hope they're i'm
pretty sure on hulu i will hopefully be
catching up on them soon and we'll be on
top of it scandal this show is so
freaking stressful like taking years off
my life is the show but I'm committed
kerry washington is bae i'm committed um
i no care like all it all if it's
whatever y'all be calling that
relationship is back on now and I have
like mixed feelings about it I don't
know I'm not gonna say that I was team
Jake cuz i def i really i really was
team not these crazy white dates I mean
that's really how I was but if we have
to a guess Fitz is like the lesser of
two evils i will say this though
he has really always been like true to
her i will say that in his own twisted
way in the comments below let me know if
you anti fits or what how to get away
with murder shout out to viola dave is
doing a big go ahead girl go ahead I'm
into this show I don't understand why
the chemistry between aunt between
analyse and Wes between Wes I I don't
understand why they're so tight like I
don't get it I feel like that and then
like Rebecca went season one when he was
like just all of a sudden in love with
this life just random white girl with
with with cornrows I just like why do
you like her I don't understand why you
like her so happy they killed her off
the show Oh spoilers anyway two minutes
into the season premiere they decided to
do some crazy nonsense like flash
forward flashing back the flashes I mean
it gets it's stressful but like I'm
committed cuz my Allah Davis is bay but
it's stressful sleepy hollow I love I
first got got turned on to the show when
the season premiere kept running on a
united flight I was on and then I got
into it and now I'm like I'm in it you
know it Gaby for life I'm in it and I
can see that season three they've
changed writers I think they've changed
showrunners I'm I don't know how it's
gonna feel I'm mostly sticking with it
just because the ick Abbey fandom is
awesome on tumblr and I just love being
a part of them because they're so cool
and they're so just like committed to
light like making this show just work so
I'm in it mostly for them and also just
because I love me some bihari bihari big
Empire that show bra I actually binge
watched season one while I was making
doing a yarn braids in my hair
and I was just like oh this is like a
telenovela but with black people I'm
here for this I'm in it to win it with
that show because taraji p henson is BAE
if you notice the pattern yet freakin
lucious line over here talking about you
wanted to rule the streets and out but I
wanted to rule the world and then he was
just like black Chris Rock's did not was
just way cool what in the comments below
let me know what television shows and by
television I mean on all forms hulu
netflix cuz you know mindy project on
hulu plus now i'm trying to catch up on
that i'm way behind on that I've been
catching up on the new girl trying to
catch up on that you know there's a lot
of great shows so across all platforms
what shows are you watching and maybe I
will try to catch up on them and be in
it with you and this so this is the time
when I'm actually the most active on my
Twitter I usually I mostly use my
Twitter just to live tweet shows and
tweet shows whenever I'm catching up on
them if I don't watch them live so go
ahead and follow me on twitter if you
are so inclined to hear and listen to my
shamanic or to read my shenanigans as
they appear live with each episode and
we can connect yo it's been so long
since I've gotten this much this excited
about TD or just about just storytelling
so yeah just there's so much good
television on right now it's crazy ok so
yeah let me know what also shows you're
watching and I will see y'all when I see
