monster power cord thing take one hey
everybody I'm back with another gadgets
and gizmos aplenty I wanted to get on
and show y'all something that i've been
using when i travel for a while now as
y'all know this year I've been going
everywhere I went to the Grand Canyon
went to Ireland been Florida went to
Cancun went to I also that go I don't
know anyway I've been a lot of places
this year and I have used this power
surge or this power strip a lot it's by
monster a monster power is the brand
name husband found it on amazon and
bought it for us when we went to Ireland
and it ended up being super helpful for
like the entire year of all the places
I've been going I really like this thing
cuz it's got a really simple compact
design the power cord itself even
becomes more compact and manageable you
just flip it through there's a natural
groove in the power strip that holds the
cord and then plugs it make sure it's
the right link that lets it plug easily
into itself which makes it nice and
compact for traveling and you know it's
really awesome because when you're
traveling especially if you are in video
or you just have a lot of tech it's good
to have all of your things charging in
one place as much as you can so that way
you don't accidentally forget something
or misplace the battery or something
like that and that's what makes this
really good one thing that I really love
about the design for this from once
again a production standpoint is that
there's a lot of space in between the
different four outlets that you have so
much so that you can put you know your
standard battery charging pad
for like a camera or lights or anything
like that they'll fit onto here and you
can like utilize every outlet it is
available as a prime purchase and it
costs 25 99 and i'll link in the
description box below so you can check
it out for yourself if this is something
that you're interested in and yeah I'll
see you when I see you
