hey so I noticed that over the week I
hit three thousand subscribers and
subpath surpassed it surpassed it can't
talk today surpassed it and I was like
people like me so yeah to all the people
that are new to my channel welcome
welcome to my channel and when you
figure out what it's about let me know I
mean I guess hair kinda and then travel
kinda and and stuff like that my life as
a young black professional I guess
somewhat kind of so yeah I feel
incredibly humbled like I know having
3000 subscribers isn't that big of a
deal on YouTube you know you know but
like to me I just think that like whoa
there's 3,000 people more or less that
find my content relatively interesting
enough to want to be prompted and
reminded when I have new content I feel
special comment on things I'm not gonna
tell you all to like and subscribe
because I don't wanna be one of those
youtubers don't forget to Like and
subscribe I don't want to be that person
but I do like getting comments on my
videos good and bad I really do
I read them I live for comments sections
actually even on like racially-charged
videos articles I'll be I'm that one
person that Scrolls down is like is
Bobbi off in the comments someone
probably said some stupid I want to see
it I do read the comments and I do
answer back a lot of them if you notice
that I don't answer back to your comment
it might be because you don't have
Google+ and I can't answer back to your
comment so get Google+ so I can do the
answer back thank you for bestowing upon
me the honor of your eyeballs and your
engagement and I don't take it lightly
so there will be some new things coming
eventually kind of sort of you know when
I get to it
and stick around because I don't know if
y'all have noticed this but I've been
putting out videos
roughly once a week ish but I'm not at
the point yet where I feel comfortable
telling y'all like every Sunday they'll
be on your video like I'm not not at
that level yet don't think I ever will
be to be honest because my whole
professional career is about being like
that and so I kind of like that YouTube
is just like I'll see you when I see you
kind of thing this is me using YouTube
as an outlet for that film degree I got
my film degree totally pays my bills
actually guys I'm actually a
professional if you don't believe me
here's some videos where I've made them
professionally but um okay this is
getting long thank you so much 3000
subscribers I really appreciate it
stay tuned please and yeah comment
because I read the comments I'll see you
all in a seal
I mean except for your exercise of
course but else is on my face alright
3000 subscribers
take one
