okay bhringraj oil video part 2 take 1
hey y'all um I just let me just okay
there's nothing on my face this time
last time I had a piece of donut on it
made the whole video started to edit and
was like there's donut on my face
ha all right okay it's been about a week
since I have been using the face been a
little more than a week actually it's
been about a week week and a half since
I've been using the bowring brush
somebody put it in the comments below of
how to pronounce it and I read it and
then like I just forgot while I'm
filming this video but bhringraj oil
I've been using it for most for all of
July and it's going really well the way
that I use the oil is the night before I
know I'm going to cleanse my hair as you
all know I wash my hair about two to
three times a week depending on how
active I am I take the oil on my
fingertips and just massage it into my
scalp like this and that's all I do I do
that all over my head and I go to bed
and in the morning I wash my hair using
my terressentials mudwash I'll link to
that video somewhere in the atmosphere
and it works really well one thing I
will say that I like about this oil so
far is that it is very light so much so
that usually when I try to incorporate
an oil into my regimen I find that
getting the oil off of my hair is really
difficult so I'll have to use something
harsher and stronger than the
terressentials mudwash to make sure that
the oil is being removed and not staying
on my hair and scalp and promoting
build-up which is usually a bummer
because I really do love the simplicity
and the all in oneness of the
terressentials mudwash but I have
noticed with this that the mud wash is
enough the mud wash can break this oil
down and get the excess oil off of my
hair and my scalp which is really cool
the oil is very very light the second
thing is that it absorbs well too you
know I put it in
the night before and by the morning
there's a little bit of residue there
but it's not like when I used to use do
oil rinses and things like that it's it
really does absorb into my hair quickly
as far as its effects on me I mean I
have I can't really say with any
definite you know certainty that it's
helped that much I mean I will say that
my hair does feel a little softer now
and I'm pretty sure that is because of
the oil and my hair is just a hair like
a fraction denser maybe like maybe you
know it could just be the placebo effect
or something but so far with the week
and a half that I've used it I've used
it on my hair about four or five times
within this week and a half I have
noticed that my hair is definitely
feeling a little softer especially at
the root where I'm putting it I don't
really put too much of it on the ends of
my hair just a little bit like just a
little bit guys I mean that's pretty
much it I mean you know like I said I'm
gonna use it for the month of July so
we're almost or we are halfway through
the month which is cool and we'll see
how it goes you know I'm pretty sure
that with things like this it really
does behoove you to try it for like you
know three months something like that
you know for a while to see what it
really does so you know the thing that
I'm liking so far about this oil is that
because it's so easy and I haven't
really had to change my regimen that
much at all I'll probably use it until
it's gone in the comments below let me
know something tell me something you
know tell me something about yourself in
the comments below like let me start to
get to know y'all a little bit you know
I really do read the comments I don't
know if y'all notice but I'd be
commenting back when y'all asking
questions and stuff if I don't answer
your question it's probably because I've
already answered it or or you aren't on
Google+ and I can't respond directly
back to you get Google+ so I can do
that but yeah I will you know see y'all
when I see y'all
