Hey I just wanted to get on and talk to
you about a new oil that I'm going to be
trying for the month of July it is the
Biff ring garage oil let me know if I'm
saying that wrong in the comments below
hit me with the phonetics of how to
correctly say this oil and I'll also
link in the comments below to where I
bought this off of Amazon I think it was
like seven or eight bucks I've heard a
lot of good things about this oil and I
just really wanted to try it and so in
the same fashion that I first tried wash
and gos I'm going to try this reading
the instructions it says to apply it
liberally to dry hair and scalp and then
gently massage it and then wait about
half an hour and wash it out depending
on how this goes I think what I will do
is the night before I'm going to wash my
hair I'll go ahead and just massage it
into my scalp and get it on to little
bits of my hair mostly the ends and then
in the morning I will proceed to wash my
hair the way I usually do if you want to
know how and how I wash my hair and what
I use I will link to that video in the
atmosphere probably with the cards
either over here over here and little
card things that they got now probably
do that so yeah that's what I'm going to
do I'm going to try out this oil just
see how it goes you know now I'm a big
fan of the Ayurvedic properties recipes
botanicals I've been using the vertical
oil on and off for like a year now I
always love that stuff so I'm curious to
just try something new that is supposed
to be therapeutic and good for hair
growth and hair stimulation always hear
about people talking about how they've
tried some hair oil and it's like you
know transformed their entire hair that
has never happened to me yet but you
know I just get curious guys I just get
curious every now and then
and I just want to try new stuff and I
take you all with me I take y'all with
me on the journey trying new stuff so in
about a week to two weeks I will post
another video letting y'all know how
this is going with this regimen as of
right now I just want to try it for the
month of July and just see how it goes
and yeah we'll be in this together
you know in the comments below let me
know if you have ever used any type of
botanical Ayurvedic oil that has just
revolutionized your hair regimen let me
know in a comment below and I will look
into it and maybe try it after I'm
finished trying this happy 4th of July
coming up be safe don't drink and drive
designated drivers are important uber
lyft you know public transit get home
safely be safe on this Independence Day
if you live next to a veteran don't be
popping fireworks like don't be that guy
you know I'm saying and um yeah I'll see
y'all when I see y'all bye
