officially this is dad blog take one got
my dad here hello oh so this is my
father
mr. Robert Clemens why human a bull
mountain just because all right dad so
the first question is from Marshawn
Marshall Marshawn what's cool about you
as in what do you like about yourself
I think it's because I'm down dirt I've
seen thing I try to see things as it is
everybody makes mistakes you know he
giving me a second chance if this is
about being a father
what I like about myself I don't I don't
put anything by okey get away from home
they might do anything
he has three questions every class all
right his next question
I'm Susan Oh Gina yo his next question
is do you enjoy being a dad and why
that's a good question I wouldn't change
it I wouldn't for nothing in the world
there are some some really hard times to
being a dad there's a really good time
job sometimes little ones they say some
stuff that just like it's cracked you up
they don't comprehend what's going on
but yet they have their opinions well
the sad times and when you have to
correct correct the child there's no if
and buts about it you need to correct
the child yeah third one is what was
your new year's resolution actually all
right I want to switch you because
you're looking at me and people can't
see your face okay next
is mal Jo smoke I'm sorry if I'm saying
your name right the wrong mal Joe Mel
Joe what's your favorite thing about
your daughter's you disturbing
Antoinette's and she's the first one I
think the favorite thing about their
most both of y'all are really
independent I like the point you both
made through colors you I like your
spirit and you are definitely the black
sheep you want the black because you is
you all contraire yeah from day one you
were country just give two in their
kindergarten I skip school in
kindergarten I told him that story yeah
he's gonna go underwear school we had to
peel that onion whatever your reason was
yeah I mean I feel my duty to change
your mind yeah yeah what's your favorite
memory about us yeah you can do
Antoinette first my favorite memory
about answered and a this is gonna be a
little funny when that young man you
sleep across the street does an answer
that told me one day oh I love you the
youngest one Hey look there see you do
we know your life that's your favorite
memory about Antoinette you know the boy
got a clue that you how you live it and
you let it well you know I have other
memories of that was playing yeah
what's my favorite thing about you
favorite memory about me
remember when you're that rat you hear
chinchilla chinchilla you know I'm a
country boy cuz right it's a very soft
very red
you wanted a you was outside and hit him
on a little leash yeah you know and I
came home and point it to you by that
Hall oh yeah Paul wrap it up why is that
hawk so close to my house
and he died anyway well yeah he died
that if you know we had that was funny
the funeral was funny yes it was we all
have to pay attention and remember you
ain't got to lube up
we're daddy say squirtle I'm look like
you gotta be kidding me yeah you're
marvelling you but you know we're gonna
face upwards of this rep my SD hold for
its the next question that's the person
who asked the question that's there they
ask oh they said it's not really a
question but tell me about the day I was
born
we your mother with thought she was in
labor he went to the hospital and it
wasn't time so we walked around walks
around finally she started to but it
really wouldn't delete and you were hard
to come out she wasn't dilating enough
so you go get Coulson globe to make a
dolly war and your mom said never land
on the beach I think you better go get
the nurse and she went from like four or
five to ten real quick oh and they were
rushing her down the hallway to get
Laura and I was trying to get down the
hallways putting them new scrubs on I
was jumping down on trying to get his
clothes so I could get into the room you
go because yes you would late yeah okay
you've been late over six you know we
said we said the SEC require you wasn't
breathing I wasn't breathing
you know she's over there crying oh my
god
okay she couldn't hear me yeah she
wasn't crying yeah okay and he worked
over you for a few minutes Ozzie you
want so she was happy
everybody was character who are you
scared
you know I really didn't cross my mind
if he's finished let's worry about your
mother sore with you ask
how does it feel seeing your children
from infancy to being all grown-up and
independent very proud I'm doing one
thing all right so Ghazi TV she asked
did you know that Hollies would grow up
to be a beast or was she always pretty
beastly even as a child so did she get
her beast mode from you were you only
beasty yeah man your mother always
figured that if there was a coup at the
school you were League wings you were in
it I already knew that in my mind if
there was some went wrong in their food
you want you within it it was not that
bad of a child looks like you bet I was
a bad kid you good in school you didn't
you did your homework history student
yeah but you were rubble rubble with the
cars though who do you take after you
take after me
there's no doubt yeah well my mother
when my mother's well you went home
first time she called me and said yep -
you all the way good luck buddy I think
I turned out all right yeah you turned
out all right
no my wife's foot to reach yes well I'm
guessing where did you raise your
children
San Antonio going to answer that San
Antonio Texas those were from um how his
father had changed you as a person as a
person a little bit softer girls are
different
Jane treat him quite as roughly boys but
on the same token made me a little bit
more tolerant
as well as far as girls of concern and
my mannerism how to talk to you I can't
talk to y'all like I'm talking to the
troops or talking to a bunch of guys oh
is that just from so then it was more
from like just being in the military
well it could be that y'all how's your
parenting changed as your children have
gotten older no longer can make you do
anything you know
now as once you know the children as
best you can and try to lighten them as
much as you can it's on them no you know
I can give you my opinion oh you won't
get my opinion yeah yeah okay what I
think now that what you do it or not
No would you have done anything
differently as a father I don't think so
I wonder school at night to get good
education I remember what I mind when I
graduate with my masters you told me
good good now we can some quality time
cuz you've been going to school all my
life you know you told me that I did
tell you that and I thought about it I
said but did you realize them you can't
get ahead unless you have education yes
yeah you will burn on you rafting school
3.8 in high school 3.5 in college so
yeah that education me going to school
rubbed off on you ugly with shame and
ask what virtues did you insist on
instilling in your children also what
was your biggest fear about becoming a
parent and has that fear subsided
virtues creepy where do you want to be
treat treat it
you raised in the church you know
Christian and Christian values
well the biggest fear is that you don't
call it instruction yeah yeah you got it
you know you learn as you go
every child is different come from you
know child so I'm the same person but
every child is different
did you want to have before you got
married and stuff like that you already
want to have kids at all nobody think
about getting married and of course
children concern we've married for years
we lived in Alaska had no thought of
having children my dad cause you know
they're nobody cooking this time of
night ain't when I'm done my darling
okay okay what do you say he gave us
four years he said how long y'all need
to learn each other you're all right
that's that you ain't got no problems no
we practice it I guess neither one is
just really gave it thought yeah we were
having fun right biking all over the
goldfish having a good time
no you know I told that forehead
internet oh I'm doing that no more I
wasn't wanted guys your wife is
suffering you know and childbirth and
you really look and your lover and just
your suffering like that you know you
know I don't have to see you something
your mom was sorry okay
we need to have another kid I took hey
that's all you my part is easy if you
want a boy you wanted me to be a boy
what you are you know you think about it
a child and born lonely childhood help
I'm all right do you wish you had had a
boy though eventually I cannot I mean I
don't know if my son was harder like
that in him in my house 18 years you
know it's been a fist fight wait see you
think God was protecting you like
yeah he was looking out for brother
I feel the boys told the same line as
young if you don't stay out all night
my son Engel stay out on it so that's
where I feel about how God looking out
so I usually end every video with a
question don't for people to answer in
the comments below you have to make this
gesture as if the comments are already
below you go talk to your father or your
mother and ask them you know what they
think you can do to be better you you
know I wanted you to go ahead and get
your master's no I want you to take
engineering and always listen to you
though they may be tells you things that
you don't want to hear you did they have
your best interest in mind that it
answered
