all right so Jedediah update we are
currently draining the oil pan here
we've been out there got the bolt from
it and the washer gotta keep that and
now we're going to let it drip for a
while just to make sure all of the oils
out before we start removing all the
bolts to put in a new gasket to
hopefully seal it up and it will stop
leaking that is the goal of the day
alright so now we are correctly
disposing of the oil and we're going to
take it to the Austin Resource Center
where they will dispose of the oil
correctly for us because you shouldn't
just keep this around then yeah you
change the shutter speed to like super
slow huh
there we go 1:30
yeah
all right so now we're taking the oil
pan off there's a lot of bolts so yeah
this is going to take a while we're
doing it well this is the oil pan this
thing we're gonna get off these are all
the bolts that line it you're still just
one second no go and take them off you
know you've got a loyal dog when they're
trying to get under the car next to you
that's when you know you got to keep her
there
so we got the oil pan off put the
gaskets on now we're trying to clean off
the old gaskets off the bottom of the
engine so we can put the new oil or put
the new gaskets on with much prayer and
strength from the Lord upon high and
many hours we got the oil pan off and
you know God is good but like kind of
hate the Wagoneer right now kind of hate
it just a little bit to be perfectly
honest with you we had to remove part of
the exhaust to get the oil pan out we
also had to remove the starter to get
the oil pan out part of our marriage was
remove the toilet thing so yeah these
are going great guys
these are going great and we're losing
Sun which is not ideal I look a hot mess
grease monkey to the max but you know
whatever so we have to postpone putting
the stove back oil pan onto the bottom
because we are running out of daylight
so I had to call it quits for the day
but that is okay we will not be deterred
we will have a oil pan that does not
leak soon enough behold Jedediah one day
you will be whole I will make it so I
will make it so
