when there's a storm we put her in a
little Thunder vest or thunder shirt to
be honest I have no idea how well these
actually work but she seems to calm down
a little bit and I get so nervous
Gogi
Australian Shepherds tend to be velcro
dogs as it is but when there's a
thunderstorm she stays very close to me
I'm standing here making this video and
there's my dog and since I've been
standing here for a while and she
doesn't like to stand for very long
she'll just lay down but as soon as I
leave this area and go to another part
of the house she'll follow me to that
part of the house too
I don't have all that stuff but I can
make something similar to that I tend to
do this thing where if I'll see your
recipe online somewhere I will go but I
don't want to like buy all the stuff you
know then I'll just like make it but not
exactly it so you know my chicken sign
I'm gonna go ahead and when I when
things are thawing you know I like do
other stuff I'm a multitasker
when I cook if you will so my chickens
thawing I cut up my tomato that I'm
gonna use
and now I'm getting like the flour
mixture ready mr. Hollis is actually
gluten-free so this is a flour mixture
that I created from the gluten-free girl
calm if you go to their website if
you're gluten-free they give you flour
alternatives that are good like
all-purpose type flowers so yeah I'm
gonna pour some of this in shave my
little container here okay one thing I
noticed was that home dude didn't use no
seasonings in his wife flour thing you
know he ain't put no C's at ye season
nothing like okay you know add these
three things that's poultry seasoning
and I can't see it but like
okay to the flower no nice like okay
update I skinned and boned my chicken
thighs because I didn't have just
boneless chicken you know I have never I
have bought boneless chicken but every
time I do I'm like why did I buy
boneless chicken and spend the extra
like two or three dollars for them to
bone it and skinned it myself you know
I'm saying like just skinned it myself
just bone it myself
he added mozzarella cheese I don't have
mozzarella cheese I'm gonna add some
Gruyere cheese that I got lying around
and then we're gonna bread this and
we're gonna bake it up and see what
happens
hey so update here's our chicken we've
got our tomatoes in there with some
Gruyere cheese alright salt and peppered
the chicken on the inside as well didn't
put too much salt cuz Gruyere cheese
kind of has like its own salty flavor
you know if you want to over salt your
chicken personally me I'd rather someone
add salt to a thing because it's not
salty enough for them then then be like
your meals too salty because then they
don't even eat it at all
okay so rolled my chicken up had to
remove some of the tomatoes and some of
the cheese low-key overstuffed them but
took a few pieces out rolled them up
they're looking good
gonna take our flour mixture and we're
gonna go chicken to flour from there to
the egg and from there back to flour and
then that's what they'll be alright
here's where we're at now oven preheated
to 365 if you have a pan that is
nonstick go ahead and use that
it's probably good luck right there's
got our oil in here let it warm up real
quick
all right flip them looking good okay
good
all right go ahead these up into the
oven put them right on in just like so
all right how was it three good yay look
away avert your eyes he doesn't watch
all this season be a piggy but I will
let you see him be a piggy
you
