hey everybody I just wanted to get on
and make a video about me doing my yarn
braids the first thing you'll need to do
is get a chair and flip it upside down
so you can begin to prep your yarn I
bought this yarn at Hobby Lobby for like
399 I ended up buying three packs you
can only see two here though the brand
is I love this yarn we're going to tie
it to one stub of the chair and then
begin the long and tedious task of
wrapping it around the chair make sure
you figure out just just how you're
gonna do it can you see I'm struggling
in this video but you know just just
work your magic and get it going until
you've got a good groove like that see
by this point I've got my groove down
and you know it takes a while you know
it just you just keep working at it
until you you get it all done you know
it's a struggle but hey it's a struggle
and there's gonna be knots but you know
try to work through them cuz you pay for
the yarn get up as much of the yarn as
you can so you can cut once or you can
cut twice if you cut twice you should
cut at the top where you started and
correctly horizontal or like across from
it if you cut once
just cut at the top where you made your
first knot and make sure to cut the knot
with it so that way everything is even
so I'm cutting once because I want mine
to be SuperDuper awesome way long
because I'm ridiculous and then you know
you keep doing
on repeat for the rest of your yarn and
there's my dog looking at me like I'm
ridiculous then make sure to hang your
yarn vertically on some type of thing I
just use the table I finished washing my
hair to wash my hair i use diluted
head-and-shoulders because i get some
dandruff every now and then follow up
with a terressentials mudwash because I
really like it I was using the lavender
one but now I'm trying the sultry spice
to be honest it's a little bit lighter
than the lavender one and the Vatican
natural coconut oil it's like enriched
coconut oil with like Hana and stuff
like that
I also finish off with a little bit of
castor oil on my ends so here I am have
your furry friend if you so desire have
your yarn next to you hanging and have
your hair is sectioned and ready to go I
have mine in five sections to an each
side and basically three down in the
middle the next thing you should do is
find something to watch on TV I'm going
to watch Empire because everyone says
this shows awesome and I have a water
bottle some scissors to cut this yarn
and of course a lighter to burn the ends
at this point I am barely beginning the
process as you can see my dog has left
me and there I am just braiding so to
get the braid right what I do is I take
the yarn about nine strands of yarn and
cut it around my hair and then I have
two strands of the yarn and my hair as
the third strand for my braid and I
begin to braid down until I'm running
low on hair when I separate and add
three sections from each other section
of yarn to my hair section and then
continue braiding all the way down if
that
make sense to you until I am completely
done with the braids and then I burn it
a little bit so it doesn't come
unraveled at this point I'm like halfway
done and I'm beginning to wonder what
life is even like and here we go again
it's almost dark now as you can see I've
added a little bit of puka shells to
mine just to make it look cute and you
know Empire is interesting I can see why
people like it finally I'm finished
here's the finished product it took
seven hours
I have effectively caught up on Empire
it's a good show I so have people watch
it I'm really proud of this set this is
the first time I've ever done
yarn braids so intensively as you can
see I still kind of messed up my
partying a little bit but you know what
can you do and my like the little puka
shells I incorporated them into the yarn
braids and they came out really well so
I hope you liked the video and yeah I'll
see you when I see you
