hey everybody I know it's been a while
since I made a video but one of my
subscribers asked about my industrial
piercing and wanted me to kind of talk a
little bit about it in the process and
you know if it's horrible and stuff like
that for those of you who didn't realize
I have a hole in my ear I have to
actually and AB are kind of wavy bar
connects them and that is my industrial
piercing I got it when I was 18 freshman
in college it was supposed to be my oh
my gosh I'm 18 I can do something crazy
thing and I went and got this done it
costs I got in it was so it was 2008 and
I was 18 it costs me one hundred and
seventy five dollars to get it done
because remember to keep in mind that it
is technically two piercings you know
it's two cartilage piercings essentially
so one hundred and seventy-five dollars
to get it done and that was just the
beginning
it hurts a lot if you're not good with
pain I don't recommend it because you
know they got to go through your ear
twice so if you're already starting to
move in flinch by the first one you know
that's not good for the guy the piercer
who's doing it you know so if you're not
good with pain I wouldn't recommend this
piercing if you're kind of lazy when it
comes to taking care of piercings or
just yourself in general I don't
recommend this piercing simply because
it takes a long time and you for it to
heal it takes a long time for it to heal
and you really have to do your due
diligence and taking care of it or it
will get infected to give you an idea it
took my piercing nine ten months almost
a year for it to completely heal up and
be whole so much to where I could spin
it and it didn't hurt
and it didn't start bleeding almost a
year until I could do that and that was
with me cleansing it regularly like I
was advised to that was with me just
being extra careful and it still took
that long and along those nine months
both piercings like both holes got
infected once and I had to get them I
had to like squeeze out the pus and
stuff from them I did it myself I didn't
go to like a hospital or anything but I
had to get the pus like removed from
them and stuff and I had to take out the
bar because it wasn't helping with the
healing process and the infection so
there was a lot of just maintenance that
comes along with this piercing that if
you're not the type of person to stay on
top of things like that this piercing
will be exponentially more painful for
you than it needs to be your ear will be
very sore two three months after you get
the piercing I mean I couldn't sleep on
my right side for pretty much those
first semester of college because it was
if I slept on my right side my ear just
hurt all the time and then also if I
just like move too much or rubbed my
face against the pillow a little too
hard it would break you know the the
whole again essentially and it would
start bleeding so then I'd wake up with
like a bloody pillow or um so you know I
mean that was awkward and then there'd
be times you know I wouldn't realize it
was bleeding and I'd be sitting in a
dining hall eating and someone comes up
to me like you know your ear is bleeding
right you know there's like dried blood
down my neck and see that's a little
embarrassing so you know keep that in
mind with the piercing um because it is
kind of just oh you know a lot of it but
to that credit a lot of it does depend
also on just your body and how your body
heals and you know everybody's a little
different so
you know there's that too um trying to
think what else oh it did keloid I don't
know if you all know about that Kealing
is kind of like this effect this kind of
scarring effect once again everybody's
different some people when they cut
themselves they keloid which is like the
skin kind of makes this sort of just
like hump over the cut or whatever and
I'm not a doctor but google it you know
and yeah so this mine did keloid on both
actually I'll try to show it to you if I
can over the years it is slowly subsided
to where you kind of can't really see
that it keloid anymore but it used to be
really prominent which sucked and I
hated it but now it's slowly going away
those are things to think about if
you're gonna get this piercing once
again also you know make sure you check
out the parlor you're going to don't
just go to some backwards place to get
your piercing done you know make sure
they're being sanitary make sure they're
you know just on the up-and-up you know
don't be going to some Saud Street place
to get a piercing done go to a
professional please who knows what
they're doing please pay the extra money
go to someone who knows what they're
doing
so yeah those are all the major things
that I would say about getting this
piercing
I don't regret getting it even after all
of that nonsense and ridiculousness it
is like a part of who I am now I think
since 2008 I've taken it off like
completely off and not for like cleaning
purposes or anything but just off to
just not have it on at all maybe once or
twice I want to say I took it out from
my wedding cuz my mom really wanted me
to take it out for my wedding when I got
married pretty I want to say that I took
it out from our wedding
to appease my mother for the pictures I
never took it out doing like a job
interview or anything like that didn't
really feel the need
and this was back when I was starting
locs so my hair was pretty short so it
was always pretty visible now it's like
you know hit or miss you might see it
you might not with my fro or fab you
know extensions in or whatever I'm doing
so some people see it some people don't
oh yeah that is my industrial piercing I
hope that helps you
subby who asked for this video if you
decide one decide to get one be safe
please be safe and I will see y'all when
I see y'all
