all right recording cool
take one hey guys hello hello so this is
my one month check in on the jamaican
black castor oil challenge free Aussie
all who don't know kinky curly coily me
is having a Jamaican black castor oil
challenge on the website kinky curly
coily me.com I am participating not
necessarily in the questions anymore
I kind of did them and then I just kind
of stopped but I am do using the castor
oil as often as I can um I don't know if
you can see but I have used quite a bit
if you see the line the lines right
there so I have used quite a bit of the
oil and a lot of that was because of
trial and error took a while for me to
figure out the best way to use the oil
that didn't weigh my hair down too much
or make my hair fuel too greasy
especially since my hair really has a
good moisture level right now with the
regimen that I have finally did figure
it out and I figured out the best way to
use the oil for me if I was going to do
a scalp massage take the oil put the cap
down pour the oil into the cap like so
and then you know part my hair into
sections and just dip my finger
literally like just Boop and you know
rub it across my fingers and then
massage it in that way that was the best
way that I found to use the castor oil
as a scalp massage without making my
hair feel just insanely greasy you know
another way I've been using the oils so
far is all my edges with the with the
scalp massage I really only do that like
once twice a week at most it's just too
much oil it's too much more regularly
about three or four times a week I will
take the castor oil once again let's
just like dip my finger into it and do
my end my edges it will kind of just rub
it on my edges rub it on my back and I
have noticed that my hair is thicker my
hair is
thicker easing the castor oil which is
really cool I also have been
incorporating it on my ends if when I am
moisturizing just a little bit you know
on the last inch and a half or so of my
hair I'll put a little bit of the castor
oil to just kind of seal my ends and you
know protect them that much more so the
main thing I'm trying to figure out with
Casper this whole castor oil challenge
is trying to do be more into the
protective style game I know right now I
have my hair out but I've been pretty
consistent about Rhett well I've been
relatively consistent about keeping my
hair in mostly protective styles for at
least half the week or more you know
roll tuck and pin twists something up is
protecting it from the elements so on
and so forth and then I'll wear it out
for a few days or I'll wear a wash and
go for a few days um a little nub nub
hanging in there what are you doing you
know all right so that's what I've been
doing as you can see today I'm wearing a
bantu knot out because I was really good
last week about wearing if you follow me
on Instagram you saw that I had this
braid hawk that I saw a tutorial from
natural natural 85 did like a year ago
or so and I finally tried it on my head
and was like perfect this looks cute and
I wore it for five days so yeah that's
pretty much it that and I'm also taking
biotin I'm taking biotin like every
other day you know just to see how much
that really helps to in this whole like
length retention type thing that I'm
doing with the castor oil and the biotin
and basically trying to do like an
overhaul and overhaul of like what can I
do link their tension wise or what are
you you know and I'm be kind of basing
it on what everyone says you should do
when you're trying to retain length you
know don't wear your hair out as much
protective styles you know nice oils
like castor oil biotin you know I'm just
trying it and is curious I'm curious to
see if it really makes a difference for
me as far as growth or if it's just kind
of like a sorry it's been a while I've
been on set like crazy for work so
that's why this video is extremely late
that's really that's that's all I mean
I'm just living my life trying to make
that money you know people got rent so
yeah I'll see y'all when I see y'all
you
