you
what's up so it's been a while again
about the hair i'm doing a hair update
let me know what's going on with my
leave as you can see i am not in a wash
and go right now ah um I kind of stopped
doing them not because they weren't
working or because I didn't like them or
anything like that um I just got tired
of doing on and I just wanted to like
style my hair in some way you know what
that's not really why I'm here right now
I want to talk to y'all about a new hair
regimen that I'm going to be trying for
the next three months so Janelle beast
or it I'm if you are into YouTube and
into the natural hair community I'm sure
you know who she is she's got like two
channels I think one most mainly focuses
on her hair and the other one is just
like about her being a mom and all this
fun stuff I have no children and I have
very little desire to have children but
I always watch her mommy blogs her mommy
blogs about like the importance of
breastfeeding and things like that i
don't know i'm weird i don't know i just
find her channel very interesting um 80
ways i follow her on Instagram and she
is having a fall castor oil challenge so
basically from september's to December
first you need to use castor oil in any
way shape or form in your hair at least
like three times a week so that way your
hair can like reap the benefits of it
and you get to do like before and after
shots the see how much your hair has
grown if it has it all or if it's
healthier and I think she's on her
website she's also giving away some kind
of like prize for if you're very
involved in it so I'm going to go ahead
and register for that if you're curious
and registering it is at her website
kinky curly coily me calm I'm gonna
participate I'm going to well let me
rephrase that I'm going to try to
participate and try to be consistent
about using the Jamaican
castor oil that I have purchased so I
have purchased my castor oil that I plan
findme camera there we go I have
purchased my castor oil that I plan on
using it is jamaican black castor oil
because i don't know they just say
that's the best one to use that's what
they say but i mean you can use the
pharmaceutical cold you know clearone
the cold-pressed one or you can get the
black stuff you know whatever i purchase
mine on amazon my husband mr. Hawley's
has an amazon prime membership that i
often make him buy me things on amazon
because he has the prime membership and
i get it in two days so i purchased it
using that i'll probably use it to do
scalp massages during the week or i'm
really into oil rinses right now I don't
know if y'all watch natural natural
natural t5r isn't natural 85 I wished
she got some pretty hair and I follow
her on youtube and she one of her main
things with her regimen is oil rinsing
and I've really gotten into that
especially during my wash and gos just
using oil just to seal it in real quick
while you're in the shower under the
water and like kind of rinsing the oil
through your hair so that way it's not
quite so greasy because I just don't
like my hair feeling greasy and heavy so
oil rinsing is a good way to get the
nutrients of it without like the grease
fuel so I've been doing that a lot and
I'll probably do that as well and yeah
that's what I'm going to be doing now
for the next three months it started
September first I've already purchased
my castor oil so I'll probably start it
like next time I wash my head um but
yeah that's what I'm planning on doing
so in the comments below let me know if
you've done a castor oil challenge or
you're planning on doing one and
participating in it right now and
starting in September yeah let me know
if you've had good experiences with
castor oil bad experience with booth at
bad experiences with castor oil and you
know let me know what's going on
cuz I like hearing from y'all like I
love it when y'all comment on my videos
with things and I'm like oh my gosh
thanks or oh my gosh I don't know let me
like get back to you you know so it's
cool and I will see y'all when I see
y'all
I
