hi YouTube family how's it going i hope
it's going well I hope you're doing
great I hope things are going well in
your life I'm coming on real quick to
talk about a giveaway I am doing a
giveaway on my Facebook page my facebook
page and I am giving away two bottles of
the IU and natural not au conditioner as
you know I've been using this to do my
daily wash and gos keep the Hat um but I
found out that I'm just ever so slightly
allergic to it but do not be alarmed I
still think it's an amazing product i
think it's worth trying and i had
already stocked up on it because i liked
it so much um but now I've realized that
I am ever so slightly allergic to it so
I'm giving two bottles away 22 lucky
subscribers the things you have to do to
get me to send these bottles to you one
like my facebook page facebook.com slash
Holly's beast to on my facebook page
after you've liked it there is a post
with a picture of this bottle on it
leave me a comment on that post letting
me know what kind of video you would
like me to produce soon eventually one
day when i get my act together and life
is not so complicated and you will be
considered in the running so yeah that's
it that's all you have to do like my
facebook page and post something about
what kind of video you would like me to
do eventually when I am better at making
videos more often and that's it that's
all you have to do so do that and you
will get this sent to you I will stop
taking entries may 29th at midnight so
like may 29th going into May thirtieth
at midnight so you are late at 1201 on
May thirtieth am
hope everyone is doing well Spurs Spurs
one day I will do a snapback tutorial as
well one day
