okay so it is week two of my wash and go
regimen I'm still loving it I'm still
loving it guys um this week was a little
bit different only in the sense that I
had to skip a day because I had a minor
surgery on my mouth and so I was a I
didn't want to go to the surgery with
you know wet hair in the morning and all
of that and so my surgery is on Thursday
so what I did to prep for that was that
I just um waste into my hair a little
bit and pulled it back into a high puff
I wait until friday to do it so it
basically waited two days haven't gone
two days I'm not doing my regular
detangling routine I did notice a
difference I did notice that I had a lot
more knots that I had to kind of stand
in the shower and work through which i
think is to be expected but um it was a
little disheartening I will say that it
was a little disheartening just in a
sense because was really hard to work
through some of those nuts because my
hair just been out and coiling on itself
for you know 48 hours so that really
sucked but it wasn't too bad it wasn't
horrible it's just not pleasant this
step this week actually did kind of a
two and one again so to cleanse and
clarify as well as condition for the
first two days monday and tuesday i used
thee as i am i use the as i am coconut
co-wash i've done a review on this co
wash before on my youtube channel if you
want you can go and find that video i
think it was a veda video things i like
about this co wash is that it does what
it says
does clean your hair and it does make it
super duper curl defined awesome it does
do that as soon as I put it into my hair
like ringlets out the wazoo I did only
use this for monday and tuesday though
because it is a clarifying conditioner
and so to me I just didn't want to risk
dryness to and ones I'm just never I
always take two and ones with a grain of
salt so I would not recommend using this
every day but if you're the type of
person where you feel like shampoos no
matter how much you dilute them are
still too strong try the as I am coconut
co wash it really is very mild and
that's why I felt like I was okay to use
it for two days straight and that'd be
it and this was all I used for Monday
and Tuesday to condition my hair to
clean it to do my finger pulling all of
that
after that for the rest of the week I
conditioned with the Giovanni smooth as
silk deep moisture conditioner and this
is actually conditioner that Cynthia had
said work 12 on her hair and so when I
realized that I had it in my pantry in
my closet I was like haha perfect I'll
Drive and so with this it also does
contain vegetable oils so for vegetable
protein so you shouldn't leave this in
your hair you should wash it out because
it is a protein conditioner I didn't
feel like it gave me as much slip as the
shea moisture conditioner when it
finally did offer the slip I wanted I
felt like I had to use a lot of it so if
you look there's like not much left it's
about it's more than halfway gone it
does't eve it does define your curls I
will say that it does define them very
nicely but you have to use a lot and you
need to use it for a couple days
straight before you see the results that
you want that was the other thing i did
use this for by like friday i was like
yeah this is doing some stuff you know
so for last week for my leavin I was
just using the conditioner and you know
leaving a little bit in this week I
decided to actually go with a leave-in
that I've used for the last couple of
months they're really just enjoy using
and tweaking here in there to my liking
depending on what I'm going for and so
this month i used my DIY leave in if you
want to see the recipe for this I got
the recipe from oku sugar gone natural
who is an awesome new tumor I got this
recipe from her I'm gonna believe she
got it from Kimmaytube and i also have a
little video on how I make my DIY leave
in based on her recipe um on the 46 46
really Holly's the 4c hair chick channel
Oh for those of y'all who don't and the
horsey hair chicks calm has a YouTube
channel now and Evelyn and I were to
jump off for that YouTube channel we did
a little mini series four episodes for
them last month and they are all now
over there and one of them was about all
about lievens Evelyn's favorite store
bought lievens and my favorite DIY
recipe to leave it so if you would like
to see the recipe for this leave in go
ahead and click here ish because I'm
pretty sure when I edit this video I
will put it here is because I am pretty
sure I have this on my hard drive
somewhere still so yeah i air dried my
hair and got the excess water off with a
towel and then I sprayed this through my
hair like so and kind of rubbed it and
worked it in I'm like pressing it down
and working it into my hair and so on
and so forth it gave it a good shake and
then finished it off with you guessed it
the my honey child type for hair cream
and that was what I did for the majority
of the week so I did a couple questions
that were on my Instagram um one
question I got was how are you handling
the cold and I guess I should have like
mentioned this before but I am based in
texas
i live in austin texas and last week we
had maybe one more one or two more cold
days and by cold i mean it got down to
about 45 ish so wasn't do that now
consistently it is around the 60s to 70s
every day so the cold isn't really an
issue for me um sorry another question
that I got was how are you wrapping your
hair up at night and the answer to that
is I am NOT I'm not wrapping my hair up
at night what I am doing is just falling
asleep on my bed I have a satin horse I
have no is it seven yes I have a satin
pillowcase and that is what I sleep on
so that way it doesn't rub my hair and
mess it up or whatever so every morning
I do wake up with like a flattened fro
like every morning and that just happens
if you'd like to see videos on silk
versus satin there's another there's a
video that everyone i did on that too
are you a product placement am i am i
selling myself too much all right um so
yeah my hair still feels very great i
feel like now that as i'm doing this
every day my curls are really starting
to accentuate a lot more it feels like
um my hair feels healthy I mean it feels
healthy and it feels thick and dense and
it doesn't feel dry like I said before I
still feel like I have my problem area
which is you know right around the back
and right around here but as a whole I
think my hair's health is well you know
for me it's not really about length
retention anymore it's just about not
living in my bathroom like I just don't
want to live in my bathroom anymore so
this is what I'm doing for next week I'm
trying out gel I want to try out aloe
vera gel and mix that up into the
regiment
something that Cynthia does a lot she'll
put a little bit of gel in her hair to
really help accentuate the curl patterns
that she does have and so I'm going to
try that next week I did do it today and
I noticed it's a little more stretched
out if only if only minorly the last the
last episode you are really cool about
leaving a whole bunch of comments and
questions and all of that I did read all
of them and i hope i answered all those
major questions that some of you had
once again give me more questions and i
will answer them either in either
respond to your comment or i will answer
them in the next week's video so yeah I
hope you all have a great day people
doing lint stay strong lint it up and
I'll see you next week
