hey guys so I just finished going to the
gym and it's time for me to revitalize
my naps this is like in between washes
and I'm going to be co washing with the
as I am coconut co wash I've been
hearing great things about it and I'm
excited to try it so I'm taking off my
little pineapple and just so y'all know
I use just a simple knee-high to hold up
my pineapple hairstyle really easy i got
this from your youtuber you should do it
because it's awesome possum and then i'm
going to take out my back twists i keep
my hair on the back twisted to keep it
just better protected so i'm going to go
ahead and separate my hair and put it in
two different twists about 50 on each
side voila and speed through this
process movie magic movie magic and boom
movie magic done so then I'm going to
take water and engulf my hair with water
I would normally do this in the shower
but I'm trying to demonstrate to y'all
how i'm going to apply it so taking the
coconut co-wash i'm going to read the
instructions because i haven't up to
this point and i probably should but i
figured i was correct in assuming a lot
and i was so you're just gonna kind of
put a lot of it all over your head like
so and work it into your scalp really
like rub it in there and stuff like so
and
and it should look a little something
like that when you're done there you go
and then you're going to try to retwist
your twist because you're going to come
out if your 4b 4c like me then you're
going to get into the shower this is me
demonstrating you're going to let the
water run over it like cascade and
you're going to take out each twist and
kind of let the water hit it that's me
making that happen as you you know kind
of like get it out of your scalp and
stuff and you know that the water help
you detangle a little bit and you're
going to twist it back like that it's
going to be great and then you're gonna
ban to nothing so it stays out of the
way and you're gonna do that all it's
gonna be great I'm gonna put some clips
on my hair because like I say a 4b 4c
we'd be struggling to keep them twists
in okay I'm just saying real talk so I
did it dried my hair with a old shirt
you can use towel I mean I'm not going
to judge you do what you want it's your
hair do what you want um this is me
checking focus with my glasses cuz I'm
not blind but I'm kind of blind so yeah
and check out my shirt weezer's work
early 2000s what would we I look just
like Buddy Holly oh and I Mary Tyler
Moore anyway so come fer take out your
twists like so and now I'm just going to
apply my loc method but while i'm doing
this i'm just going to talk about this
product and why i liked it so the
product was amazeballs really great i
love how my hair looks right now this is
like sands or after the co wash as you
can see i mean my hair looks really
revitalized nice and shiny I mean look
at my facial expressions that's genuine
people genuine facial expression there
what crawl powder and I do have was
showing and it was just great so my loc
method consists of my leavin being aloe
vera juice
distilled in water a mixture boil
mixture i use this from when i was in DC
I mean it's just I think it's like a
hobo oil and some other stuff you know
what I'm doing you people know you know
and then I finish off with a oh that's
my mom calling me hold up sorry sorry
about that then I finish off with a
cream that I made myself the base of it
is coconut oil and shea butter I finally
figured out a good mixture it's like
whipped butter thickness it's not too
thick but not too soft you know and like
not big enough either so yeah I just
focused that on my end mostly and it
works really well at concealing the
moisture into my hair love that stuff a
little bit goes a long way as you can
see I don't use a lot of it just a
little bit so don't go overboard at that
stuff you don't want to prove buildup on
your scalp you know all the kind of
nasty but check out my hair yo my hair
looks amazeballs this co wash is great I
highly recommend it it's so shiny so now
i'm just gonna style my hair in my
twists i like to leave my hair in the
twist after i do some type of washing co
washing routine and just let it dry like
this cuz it's a nice old protective
style I just kind of twist my twists to
the back of my head and pin it like so
kind of like borderline Grecian style
thing a majig going on you know like
look at me I'm the cute little
plantation girl you know I'm saying some
it's kind of like that kind of like that
um and I do that with both sides as you
can see very simple style secure with
bobby pins to back of my noggin and then
use however many pins you need necessary
to make sure that your ends are nicely
tucked in each side and so that's it I
really enjoyed using this coconut
kawatche for the first time I definitely
recommend it definitely give it a try I
got 499 at Sally's all on sale people I
think it ends this month go get it now
it's August by
