okay
right
we're at Arlington Cemetery but it's
raining so we're in Poncho's like silly
people we only bought one at first and
then it started raining really hard so
we went back to go buy another one but
by then everyone had come to the
cemetery for the day and they had sold
out of ponchos
so we bought one from a stranger is she
up charged us five bucks they're selling
in the store for three capitalism but
what can you need use such is life
are you
so many books
not enough faces so tonight is the last
night that we're here in Laurel with my
aunt and uncle I'm in their kitchen
right now getting my alcoholic beverage
is okay to have alcoholic beverages and
YouTube videos I don't even know but I'm
having one this has been a really fun
trip I'm not gonna drink that on me to
understand ID it's just not gonna do
that but this has been a really fun trip
and we have that almost fell and we have
really enjoyed the time here and I hope
you all have enjoyed these fun little
videos of us in DC doing silly things
and being silly people tomorrow we fly
back to good old ATX and I go back to
work on Monday which it's not that bad I
like my job I actually really like my
job so that's really not that bad but
this has been really fun and Chris is
drinking with my uncle which is cute I
love my family see y'all tomorrow
