sup guys been a while my havana twists
have been in for about two weeks now and
they looking kind of rugged starting to
show their age not cute so what I do is
I usually redo the front and that makes
them just look better overall and lets
me keep them in for another two weeks so
I'm going to show you how I do that and
if you're thinking about getting havana
twist this will be a great way for you
to just see the process of installing
them and how it's totally easy to do it
yourself so as you can see i'm
sectioning off the front of all the
twists that i'm going to redo and i'm
going to put all the rest of them behind
me so that way i don't do them and then
also just so i can like a voyage stray
hairs and here we're going to start on
my side and take this one havana twists
apart remember if you're taking them
apart for those of you probably already
have them i think of my Ganga be careful
once you get to your hair as you can
seem about to hit my hair and just be
gentle with how you take them out I mean
I'm moving through it pretty quickly
because when i install them I detangle
heavily so anyway it is my hair I'm kind
of finger detangling a little bit just
to make sure there aren't any major
knots and then i'm going to use aloe
vera gel to smooth my edges down and
this is me not knowing how to focus on
my own camera I swear I went to film
school I swear so yeah we're going to
take some and just kind of rub it on the
edges of my hair using their focusing
again because I don't know I'm doing and
there you go just rubbing it along shaft
of my hair as well getting on the edges
and the ends and then also work and get
into my scalp because i don't know i
just put on my scalp and it feels good
so i do it I'm sure there's probably so
there's some like some cosmetic issues
that help
that whatever I like aloe vera gel I'm
sure it's good for you probably can't
hurt take the hair that I just took out
half it like so and then I part the
section into you lay the hair in between
the two sections and you're going to
twist one section this on this instance
I'm going counterclockwise you can do
clockwise and then make sure you twist
the other section the same direction
that you twitch to first you need to
make sure both of them are twisted in
the same direction and then twist those
together in the opposite directions that
you've posted that if that makes sense
now what I do at the ends I like since
my hair is a little bit shorter I try to
really infuse my hair into the havana
twist hair so i kind of wrap the
synthetic hair around my real hair so
that the ends blend in better you can
see it's sometimes in technique couple
times like this time saving three times
just one more way it just wouldn't go in
and that's how I make sure that it looks
relatively seamless I'm not going to say
that looks perfect but relatively
seamless I still get people i think that
this is all my hair and i think it's
funny because it's not i mean it's my
hair because i paid for it so i'm here
to the paper and here you guys to me do
one more time I just want to make sure
y'all are getting it ignore the dandruff
um I already put the aloe vera juice in
twist one half this time doing a
counterclockwise again four or five
times don't go crazy with it twist the
other side same four or five times you
don't want to put too much tension on
your scalp then twist in the opposite
direction
okay so i'm twisting clockwise when i
put them together and then again as i
get towards the end i'm trying to cover
my hair into the synthetic hair and by
the way this is the finger comer brand
of hair i got the darkest black they had
and it's really awesome here i really
like it i've used it multiple times this
will be the last time i use it though i
highly recommend getting his hair it's
kind of expensive not gonna lie it's not
cheap on the wallet I know the Marley
hair is way cheaper but i like the way
hair looks and I like the texture and
once again keep in mind i have used this
for four different installations of this
hairstyle as well as other styles that I
just wanted to add some new and extra
touch so it's it's it's a good purchase
I mean it's expensive but I feel like
it's worth it BTW they did not fund me
this video was not paid for by finger
comer calm at all I just like you're
here hold this closure on that they did
not pay for this
I keep this style as you can see my
camera's about to die so i'm making a
face but I keep this style in for about
three to four weeks and now my front
looks so much better and in because my
friend looks so much better the rest of
my head magically looks better this is a
great way to just refresh this style if
you have it so I hope this helped I
enjoyed it
