you
veda what's up sorry i did not make a
video yesterday i was working relatively
late sorry sorry but i am back today to
make another video um but I forgot to
look at the topics before I even started
recording and I don't feel like looking
at them now so I'm gonna do a different
video I'm getting to do five things I'm
not about it's a popular tags that spin
around youtube for a while and I've
never done it so I'm going to go ahead
and do it because there are five things
that I know for sure that I'm not about
so number one then I'm not about eggs
I'm allergic to them don't give them to
me to scramble because I will not eat
them because I'm allergic but it's not
like a deathly allergen it's just kind
of like an annoying allergen so I can
have like a waffle I can have like
muffins you know I can have like
pancakes but a really nice gourmet cake-
second thing I'm not about cds and dvds
that skip I'm not about that life if it
skips it just it ruins my whole day like
it'll be right at the climax of an
awesome song where I'm just like I'm
feeling it you know I'm jam in i'm in
the car i got my swag going and boom
start skipping and i'm just like third
thing i'm not about sales that aren't
really sales if I walk into X store
because I see the word sale in the front
and then I go to where the sale is okay
and I look at a skirt and the skirt is
eighty dollars but it's been marked down
to 75 dollars that's not a sale the sale
is extreme discount from what it
originally was five dollars not a
discount mark down that's a markdown sir
and you have wasted my time
I'm walking right out that store walked
in walked right back out okay for a
thing that I am not about people not
owning up to taking selfies and I used
to do this too I used to do this too I
used to just take a selfie and put like
some random thing under it like oh man
this is a great day when really its just
oh man this is a great day and I look
hot in this day own up to taking selfies
take your selfie be proud of it because
you feel like you look hot that day and
just say it I look hot today and
proclaim that to the world don't try to
like make your selfie into something
philosophical it's it's not it's you
feeling like you look attractive and
wanting the world to know that and
that's fine but be honest with yourself
about it so the fifth and final thing
that I'm not about and it's actually
been coming up a lot in the recent media
is the comments section of any video
that has racial connotations or by
racial implications of any kind I'm just
not about the comments section of
anything that is racially motivated I
find that end up reading like four or
five of those comments and then my day
has just gone got a crap my day is just
ruined so those are the five things that
I am not about if you would like to
participate I tag you to tell me your
five things that you are not about and I
will see you all tomorrow with another
Veda video peace and love
