ready yes no nose hairs I see one
actually I don't notice here hey Dan
is that a nose hair or is that a it's
hairs in your nose wait there's my dog
but I got it it's gone you're good okay
um here's worthy man I'm us worthy man
twelve hey everyone it's me hallease
endeavoring to persevere we have mr.
hallease back well so one of the one of
the patreon producers Nikki Paige asked
this on the patreon page to talk about
this with mr. Hartley's how about
discussing this new wave of role
reversal for example one of the hot
topics lately has been women asking
their boyfriends to marry them and more
men staying home while the woman works
outside the house there seems to be a
shift in society as it pertains to roles
it would be interesting to get both of
your views on it we're gonna try you'll
be giving us these hard topics that
cannot be covered in one video but we're
going to try yeah yet again so how do we
tackle it okay so like what are the
roles that we play in marriage and so
like okay so just just addressing the
question in general yeah I don't like
speaking for myself I don't care about
gender roles like if somebody else is
breaking you know the roles and
someone's proposing to somebody else or
someone's the the woman in the
relationship is there any more money or
she's right we're talking obviously from
the heterosexual right but yeah so like
the traditional roles if someone wants
to flip that more power to you I don't
care and that's that's all moment good
what do you think so getting it to it
like my father didn't have any sons yeah
and I was pretty much of the two of me
and my sister I'm the one that was I
would think the closest to what he would
probably have wanted in a son um I would
work on cars with him and I sort of
followed him around and I was like sort
of his little underling and then also
even though I look a lot like my mother
my mannerisms
and my general tone is a lot like my
father I'm very straightforward I'm
borderline a little bit blunt sometimes
traits that I think sort of are
naturally can be perceived as men
masculine traits yeah so for me I've
always kind of like felt a little at
odds with general rolls around
femininity because when I think about
Who I am
guard las' of gender I don't
really think of myself as very feminine
I don't really consider myself to be
like overtly masculine and some of your
family has so you know he's cooking and
you know he cooks and he does this and
even your mom she'll explain to people
like oh yeah Chris Chris cooked dinner
for us tonight and why is he doing that
or I don't mean I don't I don't mind
cooking but the the thing between us is
that it needs to get done and I don't
want to spend a whole ton of money going
out so I make food yeah and she I guess
you could also toss this into a Jenner
gendered norm doesn't care what she eats
so she could just eat the same thing
over and over and over again for days
like you just value it in general more
than I do right and so I put more effort
into making that happen yeah cuz for me
when I was in college I would like buy a
whole bunch of like chicken thighs or
something like that on Sunday and bake
all of them with a side and a starch and
a whole balanced meal and then I would
eat that every day for dinner until like
Thursday so I'd only have to cook two
times a week you know so that way I can
have time to do other things like I
stream I'm very much about streamlining
things that get in the way from doing
things I actually want to do but still
need to get done but as far as chores so
yeah as far as chores go
I definitely fall into that what I think
is the norm where most it's understood
that most women do most of the cleaning
me the threshold of mess is very low
before it like before it literally
hinders me from like creatively doing
what I need to do because of the space
is too chaotic so I'm just like clean it
up I'm having a good way and sure it's
like linked to the shirt whereas your
threshold for mess is quite high before
you finally are like I should handle
this to some degree which is yeah a very
like home improvement nineties sitcom me
like are the man
mmm-hmm yeah but for us and this maybe
this is the beauty of time and a
relationship that now we instead of
focusing more on the roles that we're
supposed to play we focus on the roles
that we play well write like a question
that I found online that was very
interesting and possibly very polarizing
is so who's in charge I grew up around
my mom and dad whom I feel like my dad
had more of this like feminist sort of
mindset when raising me like you don't
need a man and like do this yourself you
know all this kind of stuff yeah you say
feminist something thank you no but just
like but just more like
independent-minded Andrea's right but
then I found that once I got married
he's sort of like pulled back on that a
lot and was like well now you're married
so yeah I don't feel like there's anyone
who's the head of our household so to
say I am not the type of woman that
wants to be led either I think that's
worth mentioning mm-hmm there's this
idea of like the man supposed to lead
and all that and I always kind of
figured it well if that's the case and
I'm not getting married cuz I want
nobody leading me right well I mean I
don't make no one's infallible like no
one's gonna make the best decisions all
the time yeah and so you again you need
to be able to recognize that and shift
it to the other person so what do you
think what do you think we should do
you're right I don't need the
relationship and not that that's not
because like there's not a big a focus
on religion what if the man doesn't know
what to do and you do nothing
yeah I also feel like that's a lot of
pressure I feel like that's a lot of
unnecessary pressure on men in
relationships you know um maybe that's
just me but I just feel like your
overall happiness will be a lot better
if you have someone that you can bounce
ideas off of because I feel like at the
end of the day we're both individual
people right I feel like and that's what
to the next thing I want to talk about
my role in your life as your wife is to
help you be the best version of yourself
you can be in regards to the two of us
together and also just separately on
your own like what do you want to
accomplish out of your life and I feel
like vice versa it's the same thing like
you know make me a better version of
myself you know and so when you get into
yeah so when you get into like well
who's leading us it's just it's
automatically belittling a party which I
just don't think is the right way to
approach a partnership because then it's
not a partnership it's some kind of
dictatorship I don't know this kind of
leads into my next thing though like
getting into because I know that she's
the the producer was talking in terms of
like gender roles right so when you were
deciding to marry me like what were you
envisioning my role to be in your life
right um I I just wanted I wanted what
we have I guess no in hindsight like I
can say that in hindsight yeah well no
so remember that we weren't even going
to get married we thought you know
marriage was just like this it was
actually were you okay yeah oh come on
there you go I didn't didn't necessarily
want to get marry I felt like we had the
relationship that we had already we
didn't need the title we didn't need the
officiating we didn't need some like
stamp of approval but I didn't I didn't
expect you to do the traditionals like
stay home and keep the house or you know
do most of the housekeeping or do
whatever yeah okay that wasn't really
the expectation the expectation that I
had was that I wanted to make sure that
you love me in the same way that I loved
you and that we would be we would be
part of something greater than ourselves
and individually then the the equal
parts the some of our equal parts yes
I can comfortably say now in hindsight
that I definitely came into the marriage
as expectation I came into it more from
and I think a lot of it had to do with
the media portrayal of like what love is
which is something that just like
happens to you rather than a conscious
decision that you make like a verb and
so even though like even though in my
front mind I knew that wasn't what love
was like once you get into a marriage
and then are doing it day to day and her
leg oh dang I am really staying here I
am choosing to stay here you know what I
mean
that was just very eye-opening for me
and then also trying to separate again
separate what I wanted out of life from
you and not project a lot of like
insecurities or regret or like yeah onto
you
that was something I definitely had to
unlearn by myself but I also projected
on to you that you know it was gonna be
very touchy-feely and I was like how was
I gonna be able to affirm that you loved
me yeah and it was gonna be you know the
hand-holding the touching the body
language and say oh no she's not she's
not into the the hand-holding if she's
not into you know being in close
proximity to me think maybe she doesn't
love me as much and so yeah like over
time no she's just very focused on
things and then if she's not thinking
about it she's just not gonna yeah and
yeah so like in that regard when we were
dating like he would go to hold my hand
or something I'd be like that's kind of
annoying because now I can't speak the
way I want to speak or I would come over
and you would like going to kiss me and
I'd be like just trying to come into the
apartment yeah and you'd be like come oh
okay mm-hm and so for a while he Oh for
a while he thought that I just like just
didn't care I didn't actually like him
that much but to me I was like I'm
showing up like you called me to come
over here you know I'm saying like
hello love language love languages yeah
definitely I think that I don't know
about yeah
but then now it's like I got yeah I mean
I got used to it too and so now it's
like if we're walking down the street
and you aren't holding my hand I
actually do wonder like how are you okay
there's something on your mind you
manifest into a different thing than
what you did at the beginning that's
very true
yes I feel like I'm a lot nicer now and
a lot of that is because of you so the
question becomes whether or not in order
to role reverse or subvert gendered
norms do you is that a conscious or an
unconscious thing right I don't know if
I was consciously ever trying to subvert
or like be very role reversal II like
very conscious in my decision to do
right is more just like this is Who I am
when you gotta just roll with you man
like you know and then also I think I
definitely make a conscious effort to
not listen to like the elders in my
family and like the comments that
they'll say or even just like your
family to the comments though mentioned
about just what your role should be as
my husband and what my role should be as
your wife all right I March I try to
focus on
okay I'm not married to y'all I'm
married to him so if it is a problem he
will let me know you don't need to be
the person to let me know that and if
she if she would have proposed to me I
mean I would have said yes the only
reason I did so was I'll let you know to
affirm that I was here for you you're
going to LA I'm staying here in San
Antonio but when the when your program
is done please come back yeah and I
think I know for that I completely
understood like your reasoning for
proposing when you
mm-hmm I also I think and I know you
weren't trying to I guess like I was a
sure yeah I wasn't trying to nail you
down or yeah keep you from from leading
from me coming to terms with just being
so young cuz we got married when I was
very young especially by today's
standards like we first met when I was
19 and we were married by the time
literally the week after I turned 21 we
were married so yeah I was really young
and with the power of hindsight I think
for me the big thing was just like there
are things that you're just going to
experience differently as a single
person then you are as a married person
that being said I'm for me it's more
just like dang I found the right person
very young so that's that's not a bad
thing you know
it's just a thing so I wonder how much I
often wonder how much that colored how I
saw LA differently I mean it's it's kind
of going along with the same maturation
society where there aren't hard and fast
divisions
in gender like there are insects or that
they are in you know it's more of a
liberal mindset now so it's not just
yeah there's male and female roles now
there's just relationship roles or
there's you know working roles and so
we're just we're all kind of evolving as
time goes on and as modern thinking just
you know progresses so hopefully always
forward although sometimes I think
that's a I think that's a notion that
people think is that progression is
always forward but that's not
necessarily the case yeah I mean if you
want to work in the traditionally like
feminine roles and you're happy about it
yeah there you go but if you feel like
you are being trapped or that you are in
an unhealthy relationship first off you
know please reach out to somebody
because there is a safe space for you
but yeah I mean it's don't let society
determine what you are capable of right
yes so if you don't want to do laundry
then don't do Under
but know that if you're in a
relationship needs to be balanced right
so you'd be taking out the trash and or
cooking and we're doing other things
that you don't want to do like yard work
um something else that we didn't fall
into when we were dating was the idea
that he paid for everything
I um usually would just pay for myself
when we went out to eat or went to the
movies or anything like that because I
had a good job at the time and I was
home for the summer living with my
parents so I didn't pay rent or anything
like that like my cost of living was
very low and again for me the big thing
was I wanted you to realize that I
wasn't coming to spend time with you to
get a free meal or to see a free movie I
was coming to spend time with you
because I like spending time with you
yeah I don't really like this idea of
men having to pay for everything and
cisgendered norm relationships or
whatever because then it's automatically
setting the groundwork of like you can
be the woman can be bought to a degree
and I don't like that you know yeah
unless that's what you're going for if
you're trying if you're like Reba for
spring and you're trying to be in a
relationship where yeah your ultimate
goal is to be taken care of then setting
standards around dating in that way
makes sense you know because at the end
of the day relationships are a
transaction to it like to a degree it's
a business yeah relationships are a
business but yeah our I knew that I
didn't want that kind of business from
my marriage so for me it was more just
about I want a partner and I want you to
automatically always see me as your
equal so I will pay for myself I never
really wanted to be taken care of that
wasn't my goal with having a
relationship yeah which is also why I
probably wasn't approached by a lot of
guys as well because I didn't need again
I didn't have that vulnerability I just
wanted to feel loved
I love you Christopher oh I feel love
with her
hit the notification icon it's not a
bail notification I got notification
icon people say the Bell things no it's
not a bell it sounds dumb oh I'm sorry
that's judgmental if you enjoy watching
this content consider subscribing to the
channel if spirit moves you if you want
to know every time a video comes out
they're usually on the weekends Fridays
and Sundays typically hit the
notification icon um and then thank you
to patreon producer Nikki for giving us
the idea for this video if you're
interested in becoming a producer of the
channel or you can give us more ideas
about what types of topics we can
discuss on here head over to the patreon
page patreon.com/lenguin we'll be
appropriate
you
