what's up I'm sorry I didn't get to do
an intro like I usually do but today i
drove down to visit my parents for the
day because we had a thing we had to go
do and i knew i wouldn't have time to do
it tonight so such as life but
today the beta topic is talk about your
perfect day from start to finish and I
don't know like I don't know I mean I've
had so many great days in my life that
really didn't they weren't really that
amazing you know like i know it's hard
to say i think a great day for me would
be waking up in my bed because my bed is
super duper comfortable it's like a
crazy foam mattress thing i love it that
was like the best sixteen hundred
dollars my husband and i have ever spent
i think so far in a retired veteran Eric
so buying that bed waking up in it every
morning is just awesome possum and then
just like not doing anything I'm a big
do everything all the time kind of
person like a nun a good way like I'm a
workaholic kind of
it's like I have to get really exhausted
before I just relax you know so a day
where I just don't do anything and me
and my husband just kind of chill for
the day and just like snuggle with each
other and watch bad TV that's like those
are the perfect days where nothing gets
accomplished and I'm okay with that when
things don't get accomplished I'm
usually not okay with it but when it's
those days and those days are so
specific it's just wonderful i love it
and we just snuggle all day and that's
it like that's those are my perfect days
you know they're awesome and they don't
happen very often so when they do I
really appreciate it that's and that's a
perfect day for me i don't know i mean
like i'm not rich I don't and get me
having money would be nice or like
perfect day would be like going on a
yacht or something crazy like that oh no
rich people do but yeah I am metronomes
and I'm content with my life I I
appreciate what I've been blessed with
and yeah I don't know that's doing
nothing all day with my husband is like
a perfect day to me so sorry this is
like so informal and not my usual fun
you know quirky story video thing i'm
actually driving down 35 right now don't
worry I'm being very safe about this so
yeah but I will see y'all tomorrow with
another video peace and love juice
