hey guys it's me here with another Veda
um I know today we're supposed to be
talking about our jobs and what we hope
to accomplish with them and all that so
I'm intentionally like for like two
seconds that I am a freelance producer I
help produce corporate videos mostly for
various companies I got started with
that all the way back when I was in
college I say that like it was far away
ago but it wasn't it was only like I
think it's been 2 coming on two years
coming on yeah coming on two years since
I graduated from University of Texas and
majored in radio television and film
I've always loved movies always been a
big fan of movies always been a big fan
of the medium of video production which
is why I love youtube so much so the
main company I work for is big picture
lab which is a really cool production
company and I've been working for their
them through contract for almost a year
it's coming up on a year we really enjoy
working with them it's tons of fun um
really love it and if you want to check
out we're actually updating in the
middle of updating the website right now
so if you go to it's not really gonna
it's not really gonna be anything there
but i will link to the sizzle reel which
is on youtube i'll put a little ink like
right here i guess and you can check it
out it's cool sizzle reel I kind of
showcases all the different types of
videos the company makes and whatnot so
if you're interested hey there's that
but getting to the main issue I went and
saw a black fish today with my husband
him and I had a little midday date we do
that sometimes and went to go see it it
was it was a it's a tough documentary to
watch but I think a documentary that is
worth watching definitely and they kind
of more or less focus on one particular
whale and his struggle he's very very
large and because of that
you know highly sought out for and
desired for his sperm basically then
they start off with capturing him when
he's just a young calf with his mother
and then bringing him to not even a
SeaWorld location technically but like a
different type of Park and how he
attacks a woman there and then ends up
in to SeaWorld hands and death ensues
and he is still alive the whale that
they focus on he's still alive in
orlando now but he lives a very solitary
life watching the documentary really
made me think about you know like am I
gonna take my future kids to SeaWorld
you know knowing that I mean I feel like
I always kind of knew I feel like most
people kind of know you know I grew up
in San Antonio and that was the big
thing to do was to go to SeaWorld um
when you were younger at its core at
least from my perspective you know being
there when I was in high school and
working there and then also growing up
there at its core it's like you see the
kids excitement when they come to the
park you see the kids excitement when
they see the shows you see the kids
excitement when they see the Penguins
and this and that and the fact that
you're educating them on marine life
it's almost it kind of questions like do
the ends justify the means kind of thing
because at the end of the day you know
if you're a kid and you're visiting
SeaWorld at the end of the day you have
a sense of wonderment you have a sense
of amazement at these beautiful marine
animals that you should respect and love
and so on and so forth but if that whole
ideology is kind of masked under this
horrid truth you know um so it's it's a
tough call point of the story is black
fish is really good you should go check
it out I think it'll spark some debate
or discussion if you go with a group of
friends
so definitely see it I think it's worth
it and I'm probably never going to
seaworld ever again in my entire life
