okay so this is completely a first-world
problem and I realize that and I've
owned up to that mentally that this is a
first world problem but I need to figure
out what phone I want because I'm torn
I'm torn between iPhone five and HTC One
like I just I know it's one of them I
just don't know which one you know like
HTC One I think has technically better
specs right now technically than the
iPhone 5 but then it's like it's an
iPhone you know and I've had HTC's in
the past and they're great you know in
the beginning in the beginning it's so
great with HTC and then and then updates
happen and it slows down and it starts
to malfunction a lot which I assume the
iPhones do to do they do that too you do
the amount function a lot like I don't
know I don't know I've been on so many
forums and so many websites and you know
like everywhere just trying to figure
out which phone I want and I just I
don't know some people are even saying
like neither and I should get like some
other random phone that I've never heard
of the Samsung's I'm not so sure cuz
like I used to have Samsung back when
they had like flip phones and stuff and
that thing broke all the time like all
the time it was horrible
so I just know Samsung supposed to be
cool too this is really tough so
thoughts thoughts people which phone if
you were me and your contract was
renewing tomorrow which I think tomorrow
the first no Thursday's our first my
thing we're news the first which phone
would you get comments let me know let
me know why do you don't say what it is
and don't put something silly like oh
because it's cool like tell me why you
would get that phone okay help me out
here
Thanks
