what's up YouTube it's been a while
since i enticed you with my deep
thoughts on things like Netflix and nude
bras I come to you again with some more
food for thought it all started with the
IRS
I filed my husband and I file our taxes
for 2012 earlier this year as did
everyone else in America hopefully
unless you're evading your taxes than
you probably didn't anyway um we file
our taxes everything went well yeah
refunds then I started getting notices
started getting all these notice in the
mail like your social security number in
your name don't match call us and
explain why and so I had to do all of
that mom hold forever and it was big
shenanigan and I had to drive to the
social security office which was like I
don't even like a good 25 miles away
from my house which really isn't that
far it's an inconvenience and then I had
to sit there in the social security
office with all the other people there
and get like stereotypical looks at me
like why is this person here getting
welfare checks she's milking the
government finally I get up to the desk
I'm finally called my number's called
and I get to the desk and she's like oh
you poor thing let's look you up you
know and she types in my name and my
social security number and then she's
like no I mean we have it updated you
know you changed your name about a week
after you got married must be something
over there let me just hit this one
button and make sure that they get this
update to the people that the social
security office is credit they were very
lovely people and so after all that on
my way home on my long drive home
because that√≠s it in Austin traffic I
really got to thinking about names and
what they mean you know um and why they
matter and it also got me thinking into
the just the institution of marriage as
a whole from a traditional perspective
you know there's like this series of
events that I think women have to go
through when they get married that men
don't traditionally a man proposes to
the woman hopefully she says yes she
doesn't I mean they got some shipping
you talked about but you know um she
says yes and then she's engaged and she
has this physical marker showing you
know every other man in the world
basically that someone else's got dibs
and
you are being a great disrespect if you
do not honor the dibs that have been
dibbed you know but men don't have that
men get engaged and they don't
traditionally they don't have any
physical indicator that they're taken
and so it's almost as if men can just
easily walk away if that makes sense
it's very mess it's very misogynistic
like a lot and I didn't realize that
until I had to deal with the IRS it's
upsetting like it's upsetting me you
know um Chris didn't have to sit on the
phone with the IRS for like five hours
and figure it out you know I had to
because I was the one to change my name
all he has to do is like check a box
like I'm married now and that's and put
a ring on you know i mean and i'm not
saying women don't do things when
they're married of course they do they
put in their fair share just as much as
women do but i think just within our
society there's a lot of misogyny you
know about this whole name thing i
didn't realize the true value of my name
until this and also when i filed to get
married I didn't realize how much I
appreciated my name and what it really
meant to me until I had to change it for
me was really difficult because you know
I go by my middle name I go by holly's
and I'm a freelancer so my middle name
its kind of might the name you go by
it's kind of like her brand almost you
know it it's how you label yourself and
tell people meet you it's how you
network your brand and so I knew I
couldn't drop it I couldn't go by my
true first name and not have my middle
name somewhere in there so I didn't want
to hyphenate because I didn't want to be
that guy so I really had only had one
choice which was to just drop it
altogether and so technically on my
marriage license my maiden name isn't
anywhere on it
and and and that stings yeah I'm married
and I'm part of this other family now
too but I'm not forsaking my own the
Clemens blood runs strong through my
veins and I mean and it's part of who I
am it's never gonna leave me and and I
didn't realize how important proclaiming
that part of me on paper was I mean now
my my social security and my driver's
license say all four names and it's nice
and long and ridiculous but I like it
that way I like that it has all four and
i like that i don't have to forsake the
name i had um knowing what i know now
and kind of having this revelation
inside me now if i could go back I don't
know if I would even change my name at
all honestly i think i would probably I
mean obviously I would talk to my
husband about it for a while before
deciding what I did but I don't know if
I would change my name and so I I pose
this to you women who are thinking about
getting married or engaged or you need
to be engaged think about what you want
to be called um think about it what
value do you hold on what you're called
you know what value do you hold on the
letters that make up what people know
you by and whether it be from a branding
perspective or a government perspective
or personally and what are you willing
to give up you know for the person you
love and that's my deep thought for the
day
what did homosexual couples do though
like real talk do they pick a name to go
by do they even do they change names at
all I don't know any homosexual couples
that are legally married so I can't ask
anybody that's a bummer
you
