hey youtube so i recently got to test
out l'or√©al's ever cruel line it's a
guess it's relatively new I'm assuming
because I got to test it so i'm assuming
to you um i tested for products from
this line I didn't touch the shampoo
because I don't don't give me shampoo
because I'm not gonna put it on my head
like I'm just not going to do that
because I don't know so I didn't does
the shampoo because I'm not even about
that life um but it tested everything
else so I tested their leave in cream
okay i tested their a sculpting hold gel
cream Joe okay um I tested their
cleansing conditioner I don't know if
you can it's like a pump you can see
that cleansing conditioner this is on my
computer I didn't want to set up my
camera camera because I'm just sometimes
I just am not feeling it and then I
tested their regular or just their
conditioner um so let me just go through
the regimen of how I tested all of this
i use the conditioner to detangle that
being said i really liked this
conditioner as a detangling agent um it
was great i mean it provided a lot of
slip I could easily like detangle I've
just recently gotten to finger
detangling and this was like I'm I want
to keep this just for that because it
was great um and then so after I
fingered he tangled and all of that they
kind of like let it sit for a while
because it's conditioner you know let it
sit why not I then went into the shower
and cleansed with their cleansing
conditioner so this is basically
supposed to be a conditioner but it has
some kind of cleansing agents in it to
help like get stuff off your scalp but
in a soft and nice way um so with this
mmm I don't know I mean it got my head
mean but it still felt too strong like
after I got out the shower and washing
and it says you don't need to use
anything else after this it's kind of
like a whole two and one thing with
what's that come with like head and
shoulders and shoulders big thing they
have like two and one you know it's like
you just need to use one thing like my
husband he just uses that on his head
every single day but you know what
that's a wholly different argument but
anyway so it's tight I feel like that's
what this was supposed to be and it
wasn't that I got out the shower and I
still felt like all the lovingness that
this has given me I lost it is not gone
so this is still too strong which is why
I don't believe in shampoo anyway so
that's that and so then I followed up I
did my little I did little twists on my
head as like my protective style and I
kept her bantu knot twists and so I used
the leave in cream for that and just a
little bit of jail a little bit Jill and
the leave in cream it felt too light to
me when I was putting it on because I
have my own little DIY cream that I've
made with coconut oil and shea butter
and it has aloe vera gel in it vitamin e
oil likes to hold it's just a plethora
of moisturizing agents um so compared to
that this felt very light which is for
people with the four C's my four C's
where you add that's a little scary when
you put on a cream and it feels light
you're like this isn't gonna this isn't
gonna last me very long oh but to its to
its merit it did moisturize my hair and
seal relatively well to the same degree
as my home cream no but considering
that's a lot lighter it did a really
good job so if you're not the DIY kind
of person like I am for the most part
becoming um and you have a you know much
quarter kinky
your texture of hair like if you're in
the 4b 4c I'd give it a try um it wasn't
horrible it wasn't horrible and and and
the whole line has a lovely like floral
scent to it it's synthetic but a floral
synthetic nonetheless so try it out it
smells nice um sculpted hold cream gel I
don't really I didn't really notice when
i took my hair down the ones that i did
this on didn't hold any better than if i
didn't use this so I don't know as a
whole I think this entire line of
product is good for people with a loser
curl pattern or like a wavy or curly
like I'm actually planning on sending
all of this to my friend in San Antonio
who has I would say she's in the threes
I think this would be a great line for
the three a through C group I really
like just knowing how this product works
and like yeah I think three a through C
3 a through 3c try this line out but for
me all I'm going to take from it with
love just when I don't feel like making
stuff is the conditioner to detangle
I'll keep this guy not sending her this
because I want this and um I'll probably
keep the leave-in actually knock I'll
send her their conditioner I've got it
I've got enough condition results under
the Commissioner but i'll keep the leave
in cream for myself and that's it the
rest of it i'm just going to send to her
cuz i think she'll really i think this
will work wonders on her head honestly
well for all my foresees yeah but once
again i love the smell though like I
could harness yeah it's really nice it's
very floral you know like you're walking
through a flower shop or something I
like that I like that a lot
so yeah after curl it's okay if you're a
4c it's okay if you're not if you're in
the 3s try it for sure because i think
it i think there's some aspects of this
line that could really work for you
peace
