hello world this is Holly's have a blog
but who doesn't these days I I have a
grape I have I mean I mean this could
either be considered a rant rant /
possibly the greatest idea ever who
knows it's geared specifically towards
bra makers makers of lingerie brassieres
if you will those sorts of products I
hate nude bras because they aren't nude
for me and I feel like a good majority
of the population they aren't nude
they're beige for a good majority you
know and just to reiterate that I'm
going to show you a new bra this is a
new drop notice how it does not match my
skin tone notice how i am very different
from this nude bra it's it's beige for
lack of a better word or like peach feel
like if you get a crayon I feel like
Crayola has a color for this and it's
called peach I don't know anyway my
point being I wish that some type of bra
maker bra company would come up with a
better description of this bra or come
up with a nude line of broad think about
it picture it with me if you will say
you walk into a victoria secret you're
looking at all that you know they always
have them set up different bras that
Styles you know little push-up you want
to
do you want to support what you want to
do and then you start looking at all the
different colors and it's fun what if
they came up with a bra line that was
just called the nude bra and it had
maybe like I don't know not too many
shades because you don't want to get to
pc like don't get too crazy pc but maybe
like five to ten shades of different
color skin tones to cater to a much more
diverse market on the subject because
don't we know as we all know the whole
idea of a nude bra is that it would
blend in with your skin tone and
therefore will more or less be less
noticeable depending on what you're
wearing so the whole idea of a nude bras
for me to be able to put this on and
then maybe we're like a thinly knit
white shirt and it'd be okay because you
won't see you know the outlines in my
bra if that's not what I want to go for
so if I put this on with a white shirt
you will see this because my skin is so
much darker than this and that bothers
me when I think of wanting to wear
something where my bra isn't seen I have
to go with black which is usually so
they usually have nude black and white
those are like always the three they're
at their definition their definition of
nude black and white that's usually what
they do I feel like it's very limiting
and thinking from a business perspective
you think of a company like victoria
secret that is a household name I mean
everyone knows that company whether they
wear bras or not you know everyone does
that company it seems like they kind of
pride themselves on having a diverse
appearance you know everyone looks
forward to their fashion show where they
show their new lines and you know the
Angels tall beautiful models walking up
sexy lingerie you know all that kind of
fun stuff and you know a lot of their
models are worldly a lot of them are
from different countries different
cultures different backgrounds why not
have to bra that emulates that or excuse
me a bra line that emulates that I think
would be really cool you know Lori Lori
greeley I believe you are the CEO of
victoria secret I mean think about it
you know no pressure no pressure think
about it a nude line think about how
diverse that'll make your clientele I
mean your clientele is already diverse
but think about how much you could
really tap into that even more with a
nude line like I said five to ten shades
nothing too crazy because you know for
some lighter complected women this isn't
nude either if I had the funds I would
totally start up a business that
specialized in this and make it awesome
blossom but i don't i don't have the
funds for that i'm a young recently
graduated from college newlywed i am
broke I have no money but I think with
the right entrepreneur or the right
company victoria secret on you this
would be a really good idea you know so
take it from me and run with it please
because I mean if it comes out and if
there already is something like this out
somebody messaged me it please because I
would love to purchase one if it's not
too impressive
