hey everyone it's me hallease
endeavoring to persevere as always so
one of the subscribers asked how I light
myself and it's based on three things so
let's go ahead and roll the intro
the first thing is that I use a two
point lighting setup so there's two
point lighting and then there's three
point lighting you have your two point
lighting which is your key and your fill
and then if you want to add a third
light you have a backlight that
separates you more from your background
I do two points so I just have a key
light and a fill light and pointing to
them right now so you cuz they're right
in front of me so my key light is the
main light that lights my face it's
usually at about a 45 degree angle from
me and then my fill light as the name
suggests fills in the rest of the light
on my face and that's to my right it's
usually not as intense as my key light
but it's still adding that little bit of
extra and then if I so choose I can add
a backlight which would be behind me to
separate me more from the background
when I'm making videos on here in this
setup I just have a key in a film and
that's kind of it now the lighting kit I
use is by Smith Victor it's a very
affordable lighting kit as far as
getting started goes the light panels
are built into little soft boxes and
what I really love about these lights is
that they're thin and they travel really
well so within the kit it gives you
everything you need to get going a case
to hold them in power out a power
adapter is just everything you need to
just start shooting yourself so I have
two sets of the kit another thing that's
really cool about these lights is that
they are dimmable the only downside I
would say to these lights
as far as like the cost for value of
them is that they only have one color
temperature they only do daylight
they're also in my youtube gear kit on
kit comm so if you're interested there
you go so yeah that's just basic
lighting when I'm here and I have the
time to set myself up and all that kind
of jazz the second thing I feel is
important to mention when discussing
lighting deeper darker richer skin tones
like mine is the importance of like
color spectrums within cameras so if
you're really interested to know about
the history of color spectrums and how
cameras actually pick up skin tones
there's a really great box video that
goes into the surely cards but something
I think is very important to remember
when you're trying to light yourself
even whether you're fair-skinned or
deeper skin like me is to know your
undertone color that will help you
decide which camera you should maybe
lean to when you're purchasing I use
Sony I use a Sony a 6500 and then my
camera two is the Sony 5000 I think is
what they call this now but it's like an
NEX camera and Sony's color spectrum in
their cameras natively tends to lean a
little flat and a little blue which is
fine because my undertone is more to the
cooler side so I feel like the Sony
camera color spectrum just lends itself
better to me
whereas with Canon a lot of people talk
about loving Canon cameras because
usually when you're shooting on caman
Canon the footage right out of the
camera you don't usually need to add a
lot of saturation or contrast to it it
usually comes out kind of are evil like
that but I feel like Canon skews just a
little on though it warm side like it
rewards you if you have sort of a warmer
undertone to your skin when I see myself
on Canon I feel like I look like trash
or when I see myself on Canon I make
sure that I'm wearing makeup if I know
the person is gonna use a Canon camera
the Canon is just gonna really
accentuate these sections of my face
that are warmer and it just makes me
look kind of splotchy and just shine is
in weird it just yeah you know so I tend
to lean towards Sony because I feel like
when I look at the footage raw in a Sony
camera it is more true to how I feel
like I look like in real life that being
said though I know how to light myself
on Canon at the end of the day by a
camera you can afford and that you know
you can get the most bang for your buck
out of and learn to master it the third
thing I do is I use an ND filter no
matter whether I'm inside or outside so
nd filters are accessories that you add
on top of your lens to reduce the amount
of light coming into the lens and
is very helpful when you're trying to
have you know the lower F stops like F
2.8 and all that kind of stuff so you
can have that shallow depth of field so
I use an Indy filter inside because I
feel like my skin and people with deep
rich melanin like myself we look the
best outside in direct Sun the melanin
in our skin just works like the Sun
comes in on our skin and like our skin
just like you reflect it but also absorb
it just right I feel like I can go
outside and shoot myself and I just like
glow like I'm just glowing you know
saying you live in my best melon ated
life when I'm outside these artificial
lights my skin is not made for them I
feel like they show they shine like my
skin doesn't know whether to absorb them
or reflect them it just doesn't quite do
it and if you watch shows like insecure
on HBO I'll try to link to there's a
great article on how they light everyone
on that show they basically do the same
thing but without an HBO budget you know
they use a combination of indi filters
and like incredibly expensive LED light
situations so yeah using an ND filter on
my skin inside helps to sort of not have
these crazy intense bright spots on my
skin and just balance out how these
lights are working on me so I'm gonna go
ahead and take off the ND filter so you
can see what it looks like now without
it I also know that camera at my camera
too doesn't have an ND filter on right
now but it also doesn't go as low as
this lens does so so here's what it
looks like without the ND filter and
it's probably pretty blown out you can
see it a little bit in my camera too as
well how would you see that this you
know and it's camera to so I just you
know I could buy an indie filter you
know but I don't feel like it
so those are the three things to
consider when you're lighting ND filter
consider the camera brand and also what
your under skin undertone is and then
also two point lighting I hope that
helps thank you to the subscriber that
asked this question I've been meaning to
actually do a video like this for a
while
shout-out to my patreon producers for
helping me keep this channel going if
you're interested in joining the
production team hit me up patreon.com
slash Holly's it is because of y'all I
can say I'll see you on Friday
