hey guys um teles I am almost done as
you can see taking out my hair I just
have this little top button to go as a
right now I'm just curling it like this
in the front and then have like throwing
the rest of my hair out so it looks like
I kind of did like a little purposeful
bun style thing I've been going to work
like this people think it's cute they
think I just look like a little I don't
know African doll or something so that's
how this is going um but actually wanted
to pause and answer a question that acts
as a comment that someone put on my own
in my other videos talking about how i'm
taking my locks out and I thought it's
just an amazing question and I figure
this person is either starting locs or
thinking about starting locs or
something of the like and I just thought
it was a good question to answer and I
have it here to my left your right i'm
assuming on my computer screen it's
questions from vivo puro and it said
would you keep the same size if you
started locks again would you avoid
products twist gels butters etc the
second time around and then they go on
to congratulate me for combing the locks
up I would do so much differently so
much differently the second time around
first each one of my locks would be at
least a pencil with thickness at least I
had a lock had a few locks around my
edges um that were very tiny I would
almost say kind of like sister lock tiny
little guy kind of like sister walk tiny
um very very small and they were so hard
to take out like sitting there oh my
gosh picking and picking and picking it
was so difficult um and it's just not
worth it and I know the only reason I
even had some that were that size for
just because when i started my locks and
we had about maybe an inch of hair for
the woman that started them for me to
use so it's like around the edges it's
like i'm going to do with this little
nub you know and so that's why i had
some
were so tiny it was like all along my
edge here and around here those were a
nightmare so second time around I would
make them at least a pencil width
thickness I'd noticed that once if songs
they were a pencil it's fine I could
take him out building big deal to as far
as twisting gels and butters I would
stay away from them I would not use them
to maintain my hair at all um when I
first started my locks I used a Murphy's
beeswax to maintain them um and that was
a big mistake because build up there was
a lot of buildup um just because I was
so under that mindset that I needed to
maintain my locks quickly and my keep
them neat and organized even though I
was going through the stubborn phase
where it's like you're going to look a
little ragged for a little while I just
wasn't used to that yet that you know
dealing with that kind of look and
making it work so i would use beeswax a
lot and it's like it caked into there
and so now like combing them out i can
see all of that build up and it's like
it'll be I'll comb one out and like I
can see it on my shirt like pieces of it
along with the shag hair and stuff and
it's disgusting like I have a piece here
and I know it's kind of hard to tell
because this camera is very low quality
but every little clump you see there is
it's not just hair it's buildup in that
clump like it's just like white sticky
kind of gunk so each clunk clunk you see
there each little clump is not only a
not but build up stuck in my hair and
that's I mean this is just a fraction of
what I have it's disgusting so second
time around I would just use water and I
would interlock which was what I
discovered about two and a half years in
to my locker journey before
work was interlocking and it worked so
great for my hair it was just like this
is what my hair is meant to do you know
so second time around that's number two
um those are like the two really big
things that I would definitely change
the second time around number three
would be the way I moisturize I would
try to use very very light products and
mainly just oils it mainly be like oils
and water maybe like a water at it
spritz and then I would probably just
you know massage some type of oil
whether it be a tea tree hoba i've been
using apricot oil a lot recently not
only on my skin but my hair it would be
my parrot my lock maintenance would be
very very basic shame or like if even if
it was shea butter i'd make sure i would
only use shea butter the thicker things
on my ends and like way way down here
like way down and i would not use a lot
a little bit goes a long way with that
stuff just to minimize the build-up
because especially as you can see my
hair is very kinky coily and it's
compact you know it's very very compact
and thick and so build-up is always
going to be an issue for me I think and
those those are like the three things I
would change on the second time around
if I have a second time around um as of
right now I have as you i said before
I've almost finished and you know I'm
still kind of like I don't know how I
feel about this I don't know um I like
that my hair can finally breathe and if
nothing else if I do go back to locks
after my three months or up I'm happy
that I at least combed him out to just
get all this nastiness out of my head
and to start fresh with a new set if I
decide to do so but we'll see how it
goes you know I said I'd give myself
three months so I'm going to stick to my
word and three months but as a right now
I'm kind of like I miss my locks so
we'll see how it goes I hope this helps
vevo app hero
I hope this answering this helps I just
didn't want to like type it and be like
confined to characters and stuff because
you can only respond so much I suppose I
could have just sent you like a message
instead of making a video I just thought
of that right now oh well hope this
helps
