hey youtube so I'm still at it is that
technically the two week mark it's
Tuesday night I'll probably this up
Wednesday in the morning um but I've
come a long way this is all I have left
it's the front and wow like that reveal
isn't that awesome here's how much I've
gotten me so far and it is coming along
slowly but surely got a little knots
definitely going to have a serious
detangling conditioning protein thing
happen but as I think it's not out it's
coming along really nicely um I know it
seems like my hair definitely shrinks
remember my locks were down to here but
you pull it down see that's how long it
is so as you can see I maintained a lot
of my length so very very pleased I
still have this front section to go as
you can see just this front section but
it's coming along my hair is piquillo
especially if you get it wet like I've
been getting it wet to kind of keep it
moisturized so thick Jesus Christ but
I'm really excited so hopefully i'll be
done soon
