hey YouTube it's all these so I have a
new little hair journal I have been
locked for roughly four years as you may
or may not know and I have decided to do
something drastic I'm gonna come out my
locs donate me I know I know all of you
people with locks out there you're
probably quite bitter and a little bit
upset with me but I indulge me here
indulge me I am combing them out just
because I'm really curious to know what
my natural hair texture is and I just
really want to see it because I never
have had the chance aside from when I
was very young before I got a perm and I
just remember my mom like combing
combing my hair with this really thick
bad comb and brushing it wrong and
knowing what I know now about natural
hair it's like oh man how did I even
have hair on my head at all now that
I've transitioned into having natural
hair locs I really want to see what it's
like she just not had the locks and just
go from that I started my locs right out
of high school and I feel like locs was
it were a good transition for me to
natural just because it didn't know a
lot about natural hair but I knew I
wanted it and I also knew that budget
was a big factor for me going to college
and what not so locks were really sort
of a safer way to go about converting to
natural hair to transition I used these
uh these cornrows with like some yaki
hanging on the side and you know it
worked when I started my locs I had just
like maybe an inch and a half maybe of
hair that I started them with and really
locks have been amazing
I still love having them I'm just really
curious to try something new and the
method I'll be using to comb out my locs
is the method
a lot of youtubers use and as people in
general it's just soaking your hair for
a very long time and water and using a
crap ton of conditioner and then going
to town it's like a rat tooth comb
I'm really hoping to retain a lot of my
length little scared about losing a lot
of length but at the same time another
thing with having natural hair and locks
is that hairs hair it's gonna grow back
you know so I'm not really worried about
losing length either I mean I want to
retain it but if I do if I don't I'm not
gonna hurt my feelings I actually think
I look better with shorter hair like it
just cuz might have like a defined
jawline yeah so when I have my hair out
of my face I don't know anyway that's
neither here nor there point of the
story I'm going the locks out I'm
planning to do it in about a week or two
and I'll hopefully try to be better
about posting about it and like showing
you how I do it and all of that and for
those of you who in the law community
I'm just in the natural hair community
in general if you used to have locks for
like four or five years and then you
decided know who done and comb them out
let me know what you think send me a
comment send me a message let me know if
you liked it or if you were like holy
crap I have this my locks a lot I've
been looking up a lot of different
regimens and little fun styles and
things like that so I kind of have an
idea of what I want to do with my hair
once it has calmed out so we'll see how
that goes I've decided to give myself 3
months 3 months of it being combed out
and it's like if I hate after those 3
months if I'm doing okay and I'm like oh
it's been three months Oh fine then I'll
keep it I'll keep going if after those 3
months like what was I thinking oh my
gosh I will go back to San Antonio this
is a lot Titian who started my hair for
me and have her will block it right back
up again and be on my merry way and I'll
come back on YouTube would be like
remember the time when I combed out on
my locs guys wasn't that a hoot you
so we'll see how it goes but I'm really
excited just to and like nervous at the
same time it's almost like I'm going
natural all over again
and my husband is actually politely said
that he will help me comb them out which
is so sweet of him
so let's see how it goes
as you can see my videos are now in HD
ish quality they'll actually always I've
had this camera it's canon for like a
while and i have yet to use it on a
video and i was like you know it's a
nice camera you should just use it yeah
so if you could have an upgrade my
videos a little bit like why not any you
if you're curious about my backdrop it
is actually a shower curtain
we're in my bathroom right now the
shower curtain is available at Target so
if you're looking for a nifty little
shower curtain I suggest this one I love
it it's great so and it doubles as a
backdrop so there you go one thing that
kind of sucks about having this in HD
now is that you can see like all of the
scars on my face from acne like OMG oh I
might actually need a nerd investing in
some makeup cuz you know you can just
see all my business bt-dubs they don't
wear makeup on a daily basis so I think
I'll just not wear maybe n didn't wear
makeup in my videos before you know what
you see is what you get my little red
skins a little oily face little guards
so hey what you don't about it
