so my hair is about to turn four so as
you can see there are my little beginner
nubs and as they were starting to mature
this was around you're like one and a
half is roughly still one and a half
then we going to year two got a little
longer
finally year three and if you notice
between years three and four there isn't
really much length change as much as
there is fullness that was my transition
from retwisting to interlocking and I
still think that interlocking is just
the best way to go by far just because
that was one of those people and I've
seen it a lot on YouTube different
channels people are like you know I'll
introduce our retwist my hair and then I
want to wash it after like you know
three days or four days or I wash my
hair you know twice a week and there
goes everything I just did you know and
they want their hair to look super
professional and super you know just
tight and intact
so you know they get a little upset
about that and well that's what makes
them go to interlocking and that's what
made me go to interlocking um but what
I've noticed actually is that I don't
mind my hair being not amazingly kept
anymore because it looks fuller when
there's a little bit more new growth and
I don't like being able to see my scalp
so what you're looking at right now is
my hair interlocked after about you want
to say it's been a week you get it like
a week and a half ago so it's starting
to get a little bit of fuzzies but for
the most part it's still pretty you know
separated and you know we're now in the
middle of this year just about and so I
I got my hair professionally interlocked
for my wedding I got made in California
while I was over there
get to the video while I was in
California my husband and I eloped out
there and then we had a professional
Sara Mead ceremony or a Christian
ceremony done for our families and stuff
when I came back home and graduated from
college so for that you know I was like
all right my mom was like please go get
your hair professionally done and I did
and she waited really tight which wasn't
bad it was great because it lasted
forever I did not feel the need to re
interlock my hair she did it December
early December I did not feel the need
like the slightest inclination of a need
to redo it until borderline February
March and so I've noticed that I've kind
of come into this sort of semi freeform
stage in my locker journey where I'm
like before I used to maybe do it once a
month now I'm kind of like maybe two or
three months maybe four months you know
I just don't feel the need to do it as
often until is like someone says
something like oh you didn't kind of
ragged yeah and then I finally do it and
so I've actually kind of been debating
with the idea of becoming a little more
freeform to the semi freeform as then
doing it maybe two or three times a year
because I really I've been watching a
lot of quoting and we always get her
name wrong hold up she says that every
time she starts a video but I still
after like look at it quote Indian light
quote Indian like love her videos love
how she finds that balance of natural
versus like science natural ensign she's
a good natural science ballot balance to
her hair regimen and then the videos
that she talks about and the information
she gives I love that and I love how her
hair's very freeform there's one video
where she talks about why is she
free-formed um I'll put a link to it
and in it she shows a picture of her
first set of locks cuz it was like the
idea of how she saw herself with her
hair
I loved that shot actually like we went
back into it and like paused it so I
could really get a good look and I love
that look she has cuz it does look like
a mane of like ethnic amazingness that's
what I'm gonna call it ethnic
amazingness but at the same time I went
a professional environment so I don't
want it to that degree maybe like dumb
it down about five notches and that's
the look I want so you know before I
used to be one of those people are
really one of my hair to look really you
know manicured and taken care of but now
I'm kind of like I wanted to looked a
little more natural for lack of a better
word I don't want it to look like I
deliberately do certain things and want
it to kind of look like it's of the
world of the earth if you will so that's
where I'm at and that's what I'm gonna
try to strive probably with dandruff
dandruff is a big thing for me and I'm
noticing it's like right here in the
front I don't know if it's like a mild
eczema or what but dangerous is
something that I will be trying to solve
in year four of my hair the dandruff
issue I don't really I mean it might be
diet a lot of it a lot of it is probably
diet I guess I'm lactose intolerant
though so I know it's not really like
the milk things that don't have a lot of
dairy stuff for and year four is trying
to be more natural with it I still you
doc use dr. Bronner's magic soap and cuz
I'm considering going back to using an
open regimen just because I feel like it
you know okay I mean there's so many
different methods out there for taking
care of your hair it really just depends
on how natural you want to be or how you
know processed and manicured you want to
be and there's no right or wrong way
there's just whatever works for you
except for cheese I like cheese cheese
is really good love cheese a lot
that might be it um don't know anyway
while we were trying to figure out a way
to minimize the standard because it's
kind of bugging me I think I might hatch
to have a scalp condition I think I
might need is a dermatologist about it I
just don't want to because I'm lazy
