hey YouTube it's been a while as of jun
28th my hair is officially 3 and it's
been an interesting and fun three years
with my dreadlocks going natural still I
think one of the best decisions I have
made as far as hair goes anyway year
four is going to be interesting I'm
gonna go from retwisting two
interlocking i just finished
interlocking my hair for the first time
about a week ago I finally decided that
retwisting just really wasn't working
for me my hair is so thick that I would
retwist and then by the time a week had
passed I want to take a shower and wash
my hair and once I got in and wash my
hair it felt it seemed as if I hadn't
read twisted at all and i like that it
actually liked the fact that it doesn't
look so twisted you know I kind of like
that it kind of has more of a natural
your hair looks like it naturally does
that look rather than like you can see
that you twisted your scalp another
update I found a new hair care product I
actually went to target looking for a
latch hook I don't know why I thought
that target would have a latch hook but
I went there looking for one and what I
always like to do when I walk through
target or walmart or the grocery line
here in Texas it's called a chibi is I
like to walk through the ethnic hair
care but I like the target and I
actually found something yeah I found
something the shea moisture hair care
line two words caught my eye and I feel
like these two words would catch any
African Americans I che what and
moisture yeah I definitely need some of
that you know I've been using it
actually for about a week now and I
really enjoy it it's consistency i would
say is like a i would say a whipped
butter consistency room temperature
whipped butter would be
the consistency of this product I love
the smell I think the smells great my
fianc√© loves the smell well I've been
using it for about a week like I said so
he he thinks it smells great I think it
smells great and I've only used it as an
actual deep treatment like take a shower
leave it in conditioner wash it out
twice but I actually like it more as a
daily moisturizer after I run it through
my hair in the morning I just like that
my hair feels a lot more soft touchable
it's feels moisturized without grease
buildup know who I'm talking about like
when you slap some B&B in your hair and
just like you run your fingers and
you're like oh God but I'm definitely
going to use it as a daily moisturizer
if nothing else also it's cheap this is
pretty it's a pretty big bottle or tub I
would say I a nice good standard tub
I've had it for a week and like I said
I've used it as a daily moisturizer so
daily and then twice conditioning in the
shower and I've it goes to about right
there if you like using the mask has
created a lot more luster and a lot more
shine in my hair it just seems it just
seems more healthy this is also coupled
with me not using shampoo yeah I use
baking soda so yeah that's what's been
going on with me a little hair care
update happy birthday to my hair
officially three years old and be
checking back with y'all a little bit
with some more videos
