hello YouTube it's holly's I just wanted
to say um thank you for the few
responses that i got about the truth
inning dreadlocks thing I'm definitely
I'm try the nodding and then um yeah see
how that goes and I also wanted to thank
i think it was Cupid Valentino is the
correct waves it for his insight on that
i'll probably be twisting too often
which i found after like doing some more
research and like taking his advice in
the mind i found out that i actually was
it should wait a little longer in
between twists and also after visiting
is page like seeing the rinses he used
the sage and rosemead look really cool
so definitely not try that which led me
to start thinking about just like the
dreadlock community in general i think
it's really cool how long you can find
so many like-minded people on youtube
that have similar hair of yours and like
really expand and learn so much based on
like what other people have done the
knowledge that they found and they're
just kind of passing it on and i think
that's really great um being from Texas
it's interesting how much natural hair
it's changed as far as a social norm
goes I felt like when I first decided to
wanted to get dreads almost everyone
everyone in my family was like no and I
mean it was for good reason you know my
dad my dad was always like uh I mean
you're gonna be nappy people are gonna
like that no one's gonna hire you
because your nappy and you know and it's
like in his time yeah that would have
been the case but now not so much I
think it's really cool hell the world is
slowly starting to embrace it all and
especially when you can go to a
community like YouTube and find out so
much information I think it's so
beautiful and so to the dreadlock
community I wanted to say keep it up
keep doing what you're doing because
it's really cool for someone who maybe
might not be surrounded by as many
people that are natural such as myself
to be able to join with like-minded
African American people Dougie be wrong
to anyone else he was getting dreads
not African it's awesome as well but
it's like in Texas just a little bit of
stigma people a lot of women's to look
at me and they're like why don't you
have a pair you know like what's wrong
with you but so funny because you see
like the Caucasian people asian Hispanic
everyone else is like that's so great
what you're doing like going natural
unlike keeping your hair the way it is
and just working with what you have it's
so beautiful it's so cool but then it's
like that your own community doesn't
like it you know it's like what come on
so I really love how YouTube let's
african-americans a while I mean just
people of all races in general really
come together with a certain like-minded
belief system and share what they know
share their knowledge and I think that's
really cool so I definitely want to say
thank you for the few people once again
Huan sent me their comments and people
sent me messages to you thank you for
that um and also everyone is doing
videos out there with natural hair with
dreadlocks or even just whatever system
that you're using keep it up keep making
them because people are watching in them
and people appreciate them and they're
awesome so thanks keep up the good work
ET tube for sure
