hello YouTube I'm kind of new well I've
had a YouTube channel for a long time
but haven't done anything with it anyway
let's press the point oh
so I have dreadlocks as you can see I've
had it for almost three years now but a
wee three years like middle of the
summer and I love them really really
love them they're great one thing that
kind of starting to happen though is
that they're starting to break a little
bit along the edge you can see it's like
a little it kind of diamonds there like
it's a little limp okay and um I'm not
sure why that is exactly does it have
really thick hair like it's kunta kinte
thick yeah that's why dreadlocks were a
great option for me because yeah my hair
is really thick but um it's happening
along the back which my hair is a little
thinner in the back but like this is one
that already broke off and I just um put
some wax on it to make sure it didn't
like unravel and so my question is well
like is everything yeah see my question
is is this going to keep happening or is
this just like a maybe when I was
starting out I just didn't twist them
good or twisted them too tight maybe
because I've been doing this myself I
had a lock will not lactation but a
natural hair stylist start them for me
and then I've been maintaining of myself
since then and I guess to give you a
little bit of background on my dreads so
you can tell me if maybe I'm doing
something wrong um here's really thick
so I twist about once every 10 days
roughly cuz really thick because I have
to wash my hair once a week cuz if I
don't it looks like Christmas in July my
head really bad dandruff like right now
I'm probably gonna retwist for um Easter
Sunday so I'm good Church not looking
nappy but yeah like I really love dreads
are really great it's just this one
little thing that's kind of starting to
bug me because I've long I watched a
couple videos and everyone
saying to actually put we've like a afro
weave and like mix it in with your hair
and my kind of twist it into the spots
that are kind of messing up but um I
guess I have a little bit of pride and
because you know the whole reason you
get dreadlocks is you don't have to deal
with weaves and perms and all of that
and so if I could not do that that'd be
cool I don't want to you you know like I
pride myself on the fact that having
like all the hair on my head is my hair
you know like not here that I pay for
but like here that grew from my scalp
really loved it so I guess if I could
get maybe some feedback from the people
of YouTube or maybe an alternate
alternative so that way I mean yeah if
these break off it's fine you know but
for future reference to stop them from
breaking I'd be cool let me know thanks
