okay hey it says I'm on it says I'm live
how is everyone
if you want to say something please use
the chat um so that way I know that
everyone is here and also like you can
hear me and all of that kind of stuff um
so yeah let me see
hey skinny girl fat hair with uh are you
I think there's like there's a smidge of
a delay there's an ever so slight delay
probably and then I'm also so let me
like let everybody know where to go as
well let me get back on the patreon real
quick but if you're here say hi in the
chat Hey okay that's how you say it
right Kushina great is here awesome okay
let me refresh the patreon so people
know where we're at what's going on this
is so random
whoops weird is weird y'all okay so yeah
wow we're waiting for anyone else that
maybe wants to come um
let me like explain what we're doing
because that's what you're supposed to
do with these things right
um and yeah and as you come please like
let me know you're here at the chat so I
can know you're here in the chat but
yeah so for everyone else who maybe
watches this after the fact this is the
livestream that I do hopefully once a
month for the patreon producers of the
channel if you're interested in becoming
a producer of the channel patreon.com
slash police there you get access to
early exclusive content as well as
access to the merch and then these live
streams my patreon is set up to charge
per video and the it's more of a
suggested $2.00 a month T or $2.00 a
video tier I only post for or charge for
four videos a month on the patreon and
that is - I do it per video rather than
per month even though for y'all you'll
just get it per month it's more on
Mayans so that way if I ever take a
vacation or if I'm doing maybe more
sponsored content I'm not gonna charge
all for that so I just like doing it per
video so that way it's fair um yeah so
that way it's like if I'm not doing my
job y'all don't get your super so yeah
that's why I set it up that way I know
it's kind of confusing but that is how I
do it I was a really bad producer it
didn't really come at this first
livestream with any sort of topic in
mind so if you had topics to discuss it
could be about the videos that I've done
so far in this month or it could be
about just anything honestly just you
know anything to be quite honest you
know I'm saying
feel free to let me know in the chat so
yeah and then we can do it I figure we
could just chill for like I don't know
like an hour you know I feel like when
the vibe is like people starting to dip
out then I'll be like okay bye see you
next time you know so yeah yes will
there be a follow up so are you talking
you're talking about yes okay so a
follow up chat
I assume you're talking about the via
that went like yesterday which was about
role reversals and things like such ads
yes with that um yeah those videos are
exclusively y'all actually so as a
patreon producer if you have ideas for
topics for mr. hallease and I to discuss
let me know via patreon any ideas you
have and we'll do those videos and then
also be at the private Facebook group
too so yeah that's like exclusively
those videos the ideas for those videos
come from y'all so there will be a
follow up you see what else what else
this is so interesting this is fun but
also weird yeah and making sure it's
okay you don't have to be good I'm not
good at this either we're figuring it
out together so it's fine this is
totally a new to me there's someone else
wait okay there's four people here okay
cool
awesome as you show up please introduce
yourself say something in the chat so I
can know that you're here
and we can chill and things like such as
yeah
I made sure to drink coffee so that way
I'm like you know I'm saying here and a
week and things like such out my general
mood is more just like you know so and
that's not conducive ooh
Kesha has a list though okay list of
questions nice thank you
taking up producer title and running
with it thank you
I am ready I'm ready for your questions
I have this giant jar of water so I can
stay hydrated so this is gonna be good
I'm excited Oh what aren't the video
quality is this is like good video
quality like should I have set up lights
you know I'm saying should I have had
some lights I don't know I don't know I
love that I'm just like showing with
three people this is great
this is like an introverts dream right
here like not too many people which I
know is like the opposite of what you
should want for a live stream I think
the whole point is to want more people
but I love that it's just three of us
this is awesome I have to post my
comment in patreon ok I will look at it
wherever you post it I will see it and I
will answer it
oh dang is too long within the chat box
alright I've got my phone here so
wherever you um if anyone else has any
questions feel free to put them in the
chat because like I said before woo
don't have any fears about posting the
recent couples video hmm a little bit I
mean yeah I mean a little bit because um
so yeah no need to say that loud sorry
so one question I do have and this is
from skinny girl fat hair if y'all don't
know who she is she's awesome she has a
YouTube channel too one question I do
have is did you have any fears about
posting a recent couples videos fears or
backlash of negativity so the recent
couple video that mr. hallease and I
posted is about gender roles and role
reversal and we basically just kind of
ripped off that topic for a while um I
was nervous in the sense that my family
and his family are starting like have
finally like I guess discovered my
channel if you will and so um I get live
feedback from like my parents for
example stuff that goes on the channel I
get feedback from them pretty well my
mother anyway preemies Lee so I was a
little nervous in regards to that
because I do try to be as candid about a
topic as possible um so yeah I was
nervous about that but I also just feel
like I've gotten to the point where and
you and I Skinnygirl we talked about
this a little bit where it's just kind
of like I don't know feeding into like
the fetishization if that's a good word
of like mixed-race couples you know it's
just uh but at the end of the day like
he's my husband and the channel is about
my life and he's in my life
so it's like how do I not definitely
some fears but also just one thing I
like about YouTube being on here and
creating content is I control the
message oh hey Tony I control the
message and I control every aspect of
the message so if people misconstrue or
misunderstand what I posted then to me
it's like that's on them because I know
I put together what I felt makes sense
you know
and said what I needed to say and same
with him I got like he said what you
needed to say you know so yeah I still
think you should put your BAE on the
channel when you win it when the women
when it feels right you know I'm saying
when it feels right take that risk or
whatever but yeah my sister's here so
you speaking of which my sister's here
um so yeah hi Tony
if you have questions about the channel
yeah I know I have seen him a little bit
um
Cashner asks in regards to M assuming a
couple videos do we do we talk
beforehand yes yeah Catherine yes we do
we do talk beforehand a lot of times the
videos are essentially just extensions
of conversations that we have already
had a lot of on the Evelyn which your
eyes and what would you like I love it
um yeah the couple's videos are
definitely extensions of conversations
that we've already had and been having
it's just like now we are more targeted
and focused and we really don't censor
ourselves at all so yeah oh okay so
Antoinette asks what has been the most
challenging part about putting your
family on film making sure I'm
representing them as accurately as I can
but then also recognizing that I am
being a bit like voyeuristic in how I
present them and then also I am very
self aware and I am also very protective
of my family so I find myself just
really wanting to make sure that yeah I
just represent my family in a complete
and comply
zwei especially with my nephew
I've been he's on the channel a little
bit but with him specifically because he
can't technically consent as a baby the
person who can consent on his behalf is
his mother and father right so I find
myself just being very careful about
what I put in regards to him and just in
general you know so that's the hardest
thing and no one just went to turn off
the camera but also just wanting to
capture again real moments and real life
and show real life as much as I can on
the channel
yeah consent is really big I mean like
because I really I don't know I'm just
aware like I don't have any children but
I feel like I would probably take if I
ever did have kids I would probably take
more of a Deena Tokyo approach to it
where her daughter is
there but she puts like an emoji over
her face and things like that like no
one knows what her daughter looks like
um and that's a very conscious decision
on her part
and so I feel like if I ever had kids I
would probably Teeter the line of
wanting to do something like that just
again they can't consent you know so
it's like they may not want to and
there's been times to where my nephew
was doing something really cute the news
is being adorable or whatever and I
would want to film him but he's aware of
how phones work and just like what they
can do and stuff and I would notice that
he would like turn away and I'm like oh
then like at one and a half he's like
yeah it doesn't want to be on it and so
I put away you know so um I don't
there's times where I don't show him
because I can tell he doesn't want to be
recorded it's weird it's interesting
I asked can you go fast so yeah skinny
girl fat hair has two kids
um and she put I stopped sharing my
oldest as much because he's 12 and is
definitely vocal about not wanting to be
on so many more and I'm more careful
about my youngest you yeah it's hard and
it's I'm really interested to see like
over the next 30 years cuz I've watched
whole like I've watched whole children
from like conception to 10 almost now bu
online you know and what will they how
will they feel about it when they're I
don't know 30 and looking back like they
can literally see what they were like
when they were 1 which is just freaky to
me you know so yeah I just try to be
more conscious of it you know um Cashner
I don't know if you can see themselves
acting a boy yet totally owe in cash no
I don't know if you posted anything to
the patreon I'm gonna refresh I remember
you said you're gonna ask some questions
hey but I was anything so yeah if anyone
else has any questions hit me up poor
 war oh my gosh my sister just sent
me a photo of my nephew watching me on
their TV they're like casting it that's
so scary
oh you direct message to me okay
awesomesauce let me check it out do I
need to like open a thingy I mean open I
think need to do that
I am so it's funny I have friends that
are in the that are on the live chat but
like can't quite figure out how to be in
the chat chat so they're like just
texting me it's funny yeah yeah it's
really weird I mean I'm open you know to
all suggestions around consent cuz like
I don't know you know I'm saying like I
just don't know I'll see
thankfully my family isn't too intense
about it but I'll see people posting
like oh my kid pooped in this kind of
way or like you know borderline you know
naked baby butt photos on Facebook and
I'm just kinda like it's cute but you
know do that you know can we think about
how much they're gonna hate you when
they're like 10 for that okay oh my gosh
Cashner you ask so many questions
oh my goodness okay let's get through
this um okay first question from Cashner
yeah it ain't cute I don't love them
right okay um first first question from
the cache now how much of the production
is done solo a lot of it if not almost
all of it is done solo so um yeah with
the creator's for change project that um
you will see soon God willing there was
some production help with that grace
helped me with that and she's super
awesome she's great but most of the most
of the content that goes on the YouTube
channel is it's just me just me alone
figuring out how to either shoot myself
or shoot other people and be realistic
with it be a documentarian mr. Hollis is
just now kinda starting to help a little
bit when it makes sense
um p.m. unless otherwise stated and know
that it's just me shooting everything
the next question when do you notice
and bring on bring someone along when
you got budget that is when you have the
budget to do that or when it's something
that will like behoove both parties so
something I'm big on mentioning to
people is that like you should
collaborate across whenever you can and
you should always try to just like if
you can't pay someone there's a lot of
ways to get paid besides money sometimes
it is exposure or access to new
equipment or just just things like that
so maybe it is just about like they have
a piece of equipment and then you have a
piece of equipment and like together
y'all can do some awesome stuff you know
last year for example Evelyn
collaborated with me on a video for her
channel where it's called like for
people who feel behind in life whatever
and I think it went like semi virals it
was a really great video um she needed a
drone and I had just bought one and so
that collaborative the collaboration
made a lot of sense even though her
channel it's like significantly bigger
than mine um it made sense for us to
collab because I had something that she
readily needed access to you so think
about it that way too but I would say on
the whole always pay people when you can
and don't bring people on until you can
offer something to them if you can't pay
them monetarily um does mr. hallease
have a youtube channel nah no he doesn't
um he always until recently he always
kind of thought of the channel as like
my thing and he never really wanted to
be on it but since I've gone freelance
and really have dived more into the
channel he's starting to sort of like
get on board and help and just like you
know all of that kind of stuff he still
gets very nervous about it because he's
I'm an introvert and he's like super
introverted so um it does make him
nervous
but he also I think can see how much I
enjoy it like it like it stresses me out
when I don't put a video up it really is
like there
for me and it really is like art from me
like I need to make something and so I
think as my partner in life he's very
just like want very aware that and
wanting to help as much as he can with
that so yeah Alexandria but introverts
unite yeah definitely um next question
what can you have to share about
becoming a better storyteller hmm that's
hard becoming a better storyteller and
also if anywhere again if anyone has
questions put them in the chat if I miss
it um put it again um yeah becoming a
better storyteller honestly all I can
say is maybe don't don't necessarily
watch too much stuff
I know these questions are excellent
right don't watch too much other stuff
maybe pick people to watch that you that
really like inspire you or help you
think about things in a different way
but the biggest thing is to just create
like just do stuff put yourself on a
deadline this is it there's this really
great interview with Ira Glass called
the gap in google it if you want google
Ira Glass the gap and he talks about how
when you're starting off you have really
good taste you can tell that something's
good but because your taste is so good
you can tell that what you're making is
crap and that's the gap you're trying to
close that gap in between becoming your
stuff actually becoming good too and
having that good taste translate into
your work and the only way to close that
gap is to just create all the time put
yourself on a deadline um I think it's
Malcolm Gladwell who talks about put in
those 10,000 hours to become a genius
that's something so a lot of my biggest
thing would say to just constantly keep
making stuff in a practical way Veda is
a good way to
that I really saw my storytelling grow
exponentially
just from forcing myself to tell a story
every day for 30 days like it was so
stressful but you know it really helped
so just do it
Nike style here you go and it's
fantastic question how do you feel about
having young teenage followers I feel
really awkward about it
I definitely feel awkward about it it's
weird
I actually know the demographics most of
the people watching my channel are
between 24 and 34 so they're in my age
demographic I got a few people that are
under that watching me but I don't think
I really resonate with that audience so
when I do see people that are younger
watching me I'm like oh why what am i
offering you you know um what is the one
thing that you immediately want people
to think when someone says hubby's
that's a toss up because I want
ironically I want people to think of my
grandmother still um and legacy her
legacy but I also want people to think
of storytelling just a digital
storyteller so it's like it's tough I
want to like immortalize her as much as
I can and then but then also like lay
the groundwork for myself as a
storyteller so it's twofold
okay back to cache nut questions if you
were to categorize your brand what would
it be oh man I don't know miss this is a
question that I get asked a lot because
YouTube helps you with this kind of
stuff
also belief told me that I need to like
figure out what my brand is and he's
like someone I appreciate because he's
kind of like figured it out too and he's
such a great storyteller and producer as
well I have no idea
y'all y'all tell me
but is my brain I don't know making the
mundane interesting beautiful maybe I
don't know I don't know when I figured
out I'll let you know though
oh okay next question I'm using my
iPhone to record my YouTube videos until
I can upgrade any suggestions on great
microphones to use with it for
voiceovers actually yeah I do have a
suggestion on that so Road our Eau de I
think they're based there an
australian-based
microphone company but they are global
they're everywhere um they have the rode
videomicro it's a little microphone they
have one that you can plug directly into
cameras that take audio but they also
have one that you can plug into a phone
so if you just go to like Amazon and
click and type in just like rode a video
micro just like cell phone microphone
like so you know that kind of wording
it'll come up and that's actually a
really great microphone to use it plugs
directly into the bottom into your like
headphone jack or it I think you can get
it into this one now too and yeah that's
just a good way to record your audio you
can do that also
well if you're rolling then you can't
just do this but yeah that's it would be
the best my keys yeah let's see
especially if you can't sing sound yeah
if you're not quite at that stage yet
where you're able to sync sound in
whatever editing software you're using
go for that one um next cache no
question what other issues and topics
are you interested in exploring aside
from religion so yeah other topics I'm
interested exploring again if y'all have
questions hit me up in the chat or if
you're watching and you have access to
my phone number text me yeah so other
topics I'm interested in covering I
would say are I'm really interested in
going more into women's health stuff and
I actually am partnering with a company
on some auto cons a piece for that so
that will help
we be dropping soon I really enjoy being
a resource for people when I can
especially people that I feel are
marginalized in some way so specifically
with the women's health topic stuff I do
tend to kind of focus it more around
women of color even more specifically
black women because if you look at the
research around that we really don't
have access to a lot and we're really
just unaware about our own bodies and
just women's health in regards to our
bodies and the type of questions to ask
a doctor or gynecologist and things like
that so um yeah that's I first got into
that when I did the my first menstrual
cup video review and seeing so many
women in the comments say like oh my
gosh you're the first black widow woman
I've seen talk about this and now I'm
like I feel like it's a more
approachable topic now because I see
someone who looks like me talking about
it you know so that was really powerful
for me and yeah that's why I try to be
consistent about putting and want to put
out more with its content for sure so
for example one any video I want to do
I'm currently getting the research going
for that and actually mr. hallease is
helping me with that since he is he has
his master's degree in nursing so we're
talking with the research for that it is
like breast swelling when you're on your
when you're leading up to your cycle and
just kind of like explaining that in a
more approachable way and how you can
reduce that and things like that so
that's a video I want to do as well
so women's home stuff I'm so ready to
get into that um let's see what else
ooh okay I think okay so can I have
answered the first section of your
questions moving on to the next section
yes there are section folks she's so
catch the like producer of the month
right now oh well that actually leads
into the next question what made you
switch to using a menstrual cup yeah so
yeah so what made me switch to using a
menstrual cup I switched to it a few
years back I first started using them in
before that I had used a traditional
major brand pads you know like Playtex
and things like that um oh so sorry I'm
getting messages um but yeah I did that
because I had actually been on tumblr
and was starting to see a lot of
discussions around women's health stuff
on tumblr and they were mentioning how
much pads and tampons could just like
kind of mess up or you know like disrupt
your natural cycle and flow and I was
like wait really you know then you start
doing more research was like oh wow okay
this is like a legitimate thing and that
was what made me try out the menstrual
cup it was it was a slow process it took
me about four or five months to like
truly go all the way because there is a
learning curve to it and it's not for
everybody
definitely got to be okay with like
touching your own blood a little bit you
know stuff like that so um but yeah I
really wanted to do it and I'm really
happy I did especially even though I
hadn't really use tampons really before
that I'd always just been a pad where
but um yeah that was the main the main
reason was the idea of like the health
benefits to it I definitely noticed that
my period significantly shrank in how
many days it lasted I noticed that my
bleeding wasn't as heavy
I noticed that my cramps went down so
yeah it was it was gradual definitely
it's not for everybody
no but it is another option that's the
big thing with all the help videos I
just want you to I just want you to know
what your options are and then make one
make an informed decision for yourself
you know to take like more ownership of
your own health it's always an issue
that I'm pushing do you still have some
other research or tumblr post you came
across not really I don't really tell
are scary to me now there's so much
discourse on
but you can also just like fall into the
rabbit hole of like insanity huh my
hurts the hope I don't really pop on
there that often anymore
but ya know I'm sorry something I want
to be better about with the health stuff
though is putting sources in the
description box so that way you can
being able to like dive more deep into
it if you want so I will start doing
that someone else asked a question via
something I think is via text let me
find it sorry I think it was my sister
oh do you think do you think you're
pushed for women's health it's because
of mom or the change in our environment
and how poor the Earth's health health
is yeah um I think I think mom
definitely had something to do with it
so yeah I kind of come from I come from
a family of like service-oriented people
so my mother is a nurse my husband's a
nurse my sister's a teacher a lot of my
family is like people in service jobs
you know so yeah I think I found that I
could combine my spiritual gift of
storytelling with just enabling people
and informing the public about things
and so that is yeah I think I think mom
definitely had something to do with that
because she's always been very like this
is your vagina you know she's always
been very much like you need to know how
your body works and stuff like that so
yeah she played a factor for sure okay
next cash in a question what fears did
you have talking about that on camera
honestly um yeah I didn't really have
much fear about talking about it because
they're getting to me it's more like
it's not weird what's happening in my
body
you know like normalizing it is what I
feel like needs to happen
so that way again women can feel more
enabled to know themselves and so they
can know when something's wrong and go
seek medical attention when something's
wrong you know so yeah I didn't really
actually feel that weird talking about
it no I was I was more just excited that
I had found something and that's the big
thing I was just excited that I found
something that was working and I just
wanted to share it with like everyone
you know so yeah I wasn't that scared um
next question
I really enjoyed your three grandmas
video I've got one grandma left and if
and if I like to make a video before she
passed oh and I'd like to make a video
before she passes any suggestions just
record everything you can um so I made a
documentary a few years back about my
grandma who I named after my biological
grandmother grandma Elise and not
originally I the original reason why I
filmed it was because a fellow filmmaker
was doing this thing where he
interviewed older people about their
regrets and things like that and he
wanted to diversify it so he asked me if
I would film some of my family and I was
like and I was like oh this is perfect
timing because I'm going back home to
Virginia for my grandmother's 80th
birthday and all filmer um and so yeah I
just did this sort of impromptu
interview if you want to watch the full
documentary with her it's called 8480
it's on the youtube channel it's like 20
minutes but yeah I would say try to just
capture with them as much as you can
you'll be surprised actually how much
the older generation wants to tell their
story um but I think a lot of them often
feel like they're just being annoying or
whatever you know but I really I often
liken interviewing older people because
they have such usually a very unique
perspective on life oh she can't talk
she has Alzheimer's ah okay interesting
hmm
first off I'm sorry
that my great-grandmother passed because
of that um hmm if she can't talk then I
would say like strategically to focus it
more around your perspective of her
especially if you remember her before
the Alzheimer's really kicked in and
took away her speech or maybe it's more
about how even though she has lost the
ability to talk how is she still
communicating with you that would be an
interesting perspective to take on that
or it could be just a bigger
conversation around communication in
general and how losing a facet of
communication can hinder your life
there's so many ways you could take that
story with your grandmother knowing that
she has that disease and then I think
also again also bringing it back to how
can you inform the public about
Alzheimer's and maybe some things that
people can do to prevent it or the
research and studies around it when it
makes sense that's another way I would
say to approach that it's like with my
three grandmas video
she had sickness she had taken a stumble
and we were going to visit her at the
hospital pretty regularly but because
your I was going to visit her a lot she
would just start talking about her life
and just things that she's been through
some of it most of it already knew to a
degree but smooth that I didn't because
I begun to realize as an adult I had
never really had adult conversations
with her and always had more like
childlike conversations with her ex I
was usually so I was so young so it was
is it's the beauty of perspective when
you can really number as an adult and
especially when they see you as one that
makes a big difference to um and so yeah
I just felt the need to record her but
she's also she is very into making
she looks good you know she's a she's an
old lady from Boston so her hair always
needs to be right she's gotta put some
lipstick on you know so I shot her in a
way that honored that about her didn't
really show her face because she wasn't
looking I she would feel her best at
that time but um she still wanted to
tell her story so yeah and oh and by the
way she is now home she's been released
she went through all of her therapies
and training and stuff and so she's now
back home we actually were hanging out
with her last night
so yeah I hope that answers your
question no cash no let me know if
there's a follow-up and then cash was
the last question is there ever really a
way to get someone comfortable in front
of the camera hmm that's a good question
kinda so something I've learned from
working for a video agency for many
years before going freelance is that
even the most seasoned people still get
nervous in front of cameras and your job
as the producer is to figure out how to
calm them down and relax them and almost
forget that the cameras there I find
that the easiest way to do that is to
set it and forget it so on a smaller
scale like with my grandma Jan you know
I told her I was gonna record or
whatever but like once I started
recording the camera just sat in my lap
like once I felt like I had the angle it
just sat in my lap and I just kept
talking to her and so what y'all don't
see is there's about I would say five
minutes of footage that is essentially
unusable because we're just talking and
talking and talking and essentially I'm
trying to get her to kind of forget that
I'm recording you know as much as she
can um and that's how that kind of
worked out and then I sort of this is
where becoming a producer gets kind of
complicated because you have to figure
out the right way to bring a topic back
up that feels comfortable and natural to
the person
you're shooting and that comes with
practice and time at the corporate level
that was the type of stuff I had to do I
would interview c-suite executives or
help the executive producer of the
agency interview c-suite executives and
things like that and so it's something
that you just kind of like you learn to
do it over time and a lot of times it
ends up being about asking the same
question but like in different ways um
so an example would be what did you do
today and then they said and then they
maybe say like oh I went to the mall and
did this and set and then you talk about
a few other things and then you're like
so yesterday I mean was it a slow day
I'm still asking the same thing you see
what I'm saying but like I did it in a
different way but their reaction to how
they answer that will be different does
that make sense so that's something you
can do I don't think the people
depending on the type of person they may
never forget the cameras there so if you
watch the vid con vlog there's a point
when John Green is on camera there and
I'm talking about how his wife comes up
and touches him there's like you can do
this you know with that I had asked him
beforehand hey can i film you because I
think I might put together some kind of
vlog from being here at VidCon
he was like yeah thank you was like
first of all thank you for asking but
yes I always expect to be filmed and I
did the same thing I kind of set it up
and forgot about the camera on him and
just started talking to other people
doing other things and kind of hoped
that I would catch some kind of moment
but if you look at that footage you can
tell the guys he never forgot that a
camera was on him because of the nature
of who he is
you know um and he was visibly
uncomfortable about it you know I'm
saying so but that ended up being a cool
moment to show to like sort of the
plight of being in the public sphere as
much as someone like him is so sometimes
it can work in your favor to tell a
better story you just never know
um someone has texted me a question now
that you're freelance how are you
addressing your video storage
that is such an alux question yeah so so
yeah being a video producer you have a
lot of footage that you use and store
especially with these cameras allocation
4k and things like that I still pretty
much have the same system but Alex
you've probably seen I have a travel
drive that I use that I sort of house
footage that I'm capturing from the go
for these sort of weekly videos that you
are seeing and then every couple of
months I empty out that drive onto what
I call a borough drive which is backup
recovery and archive I am NOT a big
agency so I don't you know it's just a
bigger Drive but if I were like more
intense I would have servers and things
like that but I don't I'm not there yet
so yeah I just back it on to that and
that's pretty much it it's not the best
backup system I could ever use but for
now it's enough yeah
so that's that question does anyone else
have any questions about videos I'm
sorry if I'm being long-winded it's so
much easier when I'm not when I can cut
myself you know I'm saying so yeah sorry
I think I answered all of Kesha's
questions
Kenna you're the real MVP I just want to
let you know that you are the real MVP
on that 100 million showing you these
questions skinny girl fat hair says
she's over you're taking notes
yeah there were amazing questions I know
they were amazing there's a fly in this
room like you're killing me dude
yeah they were such good questions like
seriously Kesha and you're amazing okay
so alexandra is asking what videos are
in the immediate future for you okay so
every question because I usually don't
think of what I'm gonna make a video
about until like the week of share
that's awkward um I think um what I
would like oh actually so I want to make
a video another err video I want to get
under here video because it's been super
dry and super hot this summer in Texas
and I've had to adjust my hair regimen
and so I'm starting to actually use
leave-in conditioner as conditioner
people in the LOC world will be like
what you know so I want to make a video
talk about that and might get the LOC
community's input on what I'm doing and
see how many of them think I'm trash now
you know like that kind of thing yes yes
they go fair she has a lot too so yeah I
wanna make about that tomorrow the video
that will be dropping is mr. Hollis and
I actually discussing the house and how
we feel about the house and everything
that's been going on with the house and
what stresses us about it because if you
follow us on us if follow me on
Instagram you saw that we were at a
hotel to get away to give mr. hallease a
break because he kind of just like
mentally wasn't in a good space and
while we're at that hotel we shot the
video that came out yesterday and we
shot another one and so that would come
out tomorrow and it'll kind of touch a
little bit on faith as well and prayer
and like what is the purpose of prayer
like how do you does how do you come to
God with like just issues you know I'm
saying so I'm curious to see and it's
also kind of a response video to mais Li
a little bit too so I'm really
interested to see just what the feedback
is on that and just like yeah what
people think about it it's more to kind
of start a discussion so yeah that's
like immediate video coming up for sure
people are asking questions via my phone
try not to be rude sorry why are you so
hard on yourself about your work
answered them when I couldn't okay yeah
why are you so hard on yourself about
your work because someone's got to be um
I think I'm hard to actually know
there's a very practical reason for that
I'm hard on myself about my work because
before I used to have external sources
that were very hard on me about my work
so my first job was terrible in
production what wasn't terrible it was a
great learning experience on how to take
very harsh criticism well
so my first production job was very
intense and I had to learn how to yeah
take very harsh criticism that was good
criticism but very much blanketed in a
very intense sort of not helpful way
yeah you know what's going on is a very
helpful way um but I am grateful because
that very harsh criticism did really
helped me hone my storytelling skills
very quickly and I learned so much from
that first job yeah I learned so much
and so yeah it was very it was a very
debilitating like borderline like semi
verbally abusive but I learned a lot and
that harshness I think I always just
like internalized it and kept it with me
as I moved on to other jobs and became
sort of my own critic in that way so
much so that when I came to the agency I
just recently went freelance from it was
very refreshing to have a boss that was
still very strict and Stern about
quality but but in a very constructive
and a very mentorship kind of way she
was always very quick to say like this
isn't that good and here's why and could
give me sort of the practical tools to
make it better but also be like we're on
type wrenchini to get good faster you
know so yeah it was I just I just sort
of like internalized both of those
influences and now that I'm on my own I
don't really have anyone to maintain the
quality aspect for me so I have to do it
myself so yeah that's why I'm very hard
on myself a lot of it is past
experiences plus wanting to make sure
that yeah I maintain a certain level of
quality but like believe said you know
you kind of gotta like you want to put
out quality product but you also got to
close that gap you know and you need it
in order to close that gap you got to
put out stuff that like low key is kind
of shitty yes sometimes no just to get
there so yeah Cashner is asking I have
another video question what's your
process of coming up with ideas for
videos what additional information can
you give about color correction
undertone etc you made a video of yeah
light about lighting um yeah um wait let
me I like red that but did he process
that hold on another question
what's your process of coming up with
ideas period so again the channel is my
life the channel was about my life so I
come up with videos based on what's
happening in my life so like I said next
week I'm probably gonna put out a video
about my hair and using a conditioner
because that's what I'm doing in my life
with my hair you know tomorrow the video
about mr. hallease and I just like
discussing prayer and faith and like but
then going through this house thing like
that's what's going on with my life so
I'm gonna make a video about it like it
really is a work life blend in that way
um that's kind of how I come up with the
ideas and that's pretty much it but
additional information I can give you
about color correction and undertone
like what like what additional
information would you like me to give
you because I feel like the video I
covered two point lighting
which i think is like the basics right
right now for example there's no lights
in here because I don't need them
because I'm next a really big window and
then there's a window over here so these
two windows are basically my two point
lights and again like I said in the
video
I feel like melon ated people look the
best with natural from the sunlight I
just feel like our skin just really
knows what to do with it you know I'm
saying and that's why those ND filters
really helped as far as oh as far as
like knowing what your undertone is the
easiest way if you don't have a friend
who's an artist I have friends who are
artists so they were the ones that were
like you have a cool undertone just so
you know you know because our artists
have to study color and really know
color the best way you can do it is
maybe go to a makeup artist just like go
to Sephora and pretend like you're gonna
buy something I don't know you know get
the makeup artist to kind of be like
well you need the neutral because or you
need the under the warm because you know
I'm saying and then that kind of lets
you know what your skin undertone is the
other way I would say depending on how
much melanin have because if you're
super melon ated like my friend count
she's like she's Jamaican so she's like
so melon ated it's like awesome um so if
depending on how much melanin you have
you can look at your your arm and see
your veins and if you can see your veins
and your veins look a little blue or
they look a little red that's also a
good way to figure out what your skin
undertone is based on that so if I look
at my vein right now it comes out it's
cooler it's almost like greenish bluish
like a teal we kind of green blue and
that's how I know that that's my
undertone so I hope that helps it's
really I know it's complicated lighting
like medium to darker skin tones because
yeah literally the technology wasn't
built for us so I know it's difficult
but a lot of it is just trial and error
man like for real for role has always so
Antoinette asked has your previous boss
made any comments about your recent work
by previous boss do you mean recent
freelance previous boss or previous
previous boss which boss if it's the
previous previous intense boss no I have
no idea what she's up to
not a clue but I hope she's doing well
if it's my most recent going freelance
from the agency boss
she hasn't commented on my like work on
here specifically but I have done more
work for her now as a freelancer and
she's been happy with the work so that's
cool yeah it's been fun
it's a real fun I think that's all the
questions and we're actually like almost
at an hour so let me know if we want to
call it you know I'm sorry but this is
that really cool this was like for my
from my introverted self this was like a
nice way to get into live streaming cuz
this is like hiking scary in the chat
box I could just imagine the chat box
just like it's being just like a little
yeah so this was like not scary a way to
do this yeah I think that's all the
questions wait last question exclamation
point from skiing or fat here how do you
maintain your social media presence
without becoming overwhelmed ooh good
question so I'm gonna take this from and
you send this live stream to believe
because I keep like I keep referencing
him so they I believe did this like
recent in an interview with video
influencers that channel I mean he talks
about don't be your own supplier
in regards to like he's saying that in
regards like drug-dealing essentially
like oh don't don't like it high off
your own supply and I think that's a
very good way to think about social
media I literally think about social
media as a tool to promote myself and
that is it so I am NOT on Instagram to
just you know take in Instagram I am on
Instagram to post to maybe see what's
going on with a select few people like
you skin growth in here and to also see
like hashtags like what hashtags are
being used in regards to the type of
content I post on my I key it's all
streamlined I'm not just on there just
to like revel in the feed if you will
same thing with Facebook I am very
rarely on Facebook just to be on it I am
on it to again engage now mostly with
people on a patreon Facebook page and
that's it maybe I'll get on there once a
month once a week or two to check in on
people that I know are going through
some things you know a lot of my friends
are at that age where they're starting
to get married starting out kids that
kind of stuff so checking in that way
but then I also kind of like that I
don't know too much until they reach out
to me and then I'm like oh now I get to
see that there's news you know um yeah
so I maintain my social media presence I
post when a post and I get off this is
the big thing feels so yeah see and
that's why I got off she um she said I'm
trying to get to that place but I feel
so guilty sometimes yeah and and I I had
hit that to you or I felt like this
weird sense of like FOMO but it's like
I'm missing out on scrolling like what I
mean what am i doing you know um it was
gradual the thing that like as far as
tools I could recommend I started using
I think it's called leaf or it's called
tree I don't have it on my phone anymore
cuz I don't need it on there anymore but
it's an app that
you set it up on your phone and you tell
it that you're not gonna use your phone
or touch your phone for like 30 minutes
and in that process it grows a garden
and so if you get on too soon and you
don't let the time run out then your
garden dies and who doesn't who wants
their garden to die like no one you know
compost though that's a really cool app
highly recommend that another app I use
is called cold turkey and that's on my
computer and it it's an app that you can
tell it to make it so you can be online
but you can't go to certain websites so
that's how I broke my habit of like
getting on Facebook for no reason I
would like be editing and something
setting up to export and then I would
immediately like jump on Facebook and it
literally will pop up an inspirational
quote instead of Facebook you know or
instead of tumblr like Tumblr oh my gosh
I used to spend hours on tumblr like
just diving deep so use those productive
tools that are out there until you can
but they're supposed to just put me
tools so until you can eventually just
break away and not use you don't need to
use anything so Alexandria says I still
use the app because of you yeah I still
have every now I still have to break it
out when I have a deadline and I can
feel myself keep going back you know I
have to bust it out and turn it on and
be like literally get off of stuff so
yeah I feel like my sister just said
that my brother-in-law said I'm not an
introvert that's because you just don't
realize how much of the facade I'm
putting on even with this like I set up
this live stream a month ago
I've been psyching myself up to do this
live stream for the past month
Alex I went and had coffee before
starting things
I've been introverted but I have learned
how to adjust myself accordingly to live
in an extroverted world so yeah but yeah
and I am now excited to say that we have
hit an hour I'm excited to say that we
have hit an hour and it feels like a
great place to end the livestream so if
you're watching this after the fact
again these happen every month hopefully
God willing these happen every month for
the patreon producers and we can just
get on and as y'all saw just discuss
anything and everything about the
channel and or just ask me questions so
yeah and that's and that's pretty much
it you know thank you all for coming
thank you friends who have done thank
you patreon producers who are out here
it's been really fun and I will see
y'all technically tomorrow because the
video will be live tomorrow but when
this video goes up maybe it won't be you
know y'all get it I'll see y'all later
my
