the rain finally came to San Antonio we
live off of an aquifer and spend most of
the summer at varying degrees of drought
restrictions so nobody ever complains
about the rain it's always a blessing
early last year my sister and my
brother-in-law etc and I made a short
film about his journey into existence
he's now almost one-and-a-half years old
and mr. Hollis and I are his godparents
he does everything a toddler should be
doing he attempts to reach things that
he shouldn't touch he eats things off
the floor he makes these weird and
audible noises he has learned some sign
language though so the communication is
there something I'm always thinking
about is my role in his life mr. Hollis
and I are not his parents
but as his godparents if anything
happened to his parents we would need to
step in to continue to raise him as his
parents intended it's obviously
something that I hope never happens but
you prepared just the same the big thing
is time how can you step in to raise a
child if you don't know them their
temperament their nature
crow pop
my family takes god parenting pretty
seriously my parents are the godparents
to a few children my sister is a
godparent to a few children all of these
children become extensions of us they
say it takes a village to raise a child
so here I am being a villager did you
have godparents in your life and if so
what value did they bring
a special thank you to my producing
partners on patreon if you're interested
in becoming a producer for the channel
head over to patreon comm a lease it is
because of y'all that I can say I'll see
you on Sunday
you
