hey everyone it's me hallease
endeavoring to persevere as always I
want to get on and talk to y'all about
the Neutrogena anti residue shampoo I've
been trying it on my locs let's get into
it
if you're new here in the spirit moves
you consider subscribing so yeah I
wanted to try this shampoo out for a
while actually because a lot of other
people within the loc community had
talked about it and how it helped them
with managing buildup issues that they
had in their locks as far as smells go
it's not the best fragrance I've ever
smelled
it's very synthetic it has a very you
know it's like that old-school Johnson &
Johnson kind of synthetic jasmine
fragrance baby wipe smell so you know
you know I feel like a lot of us in the
natural hair world and the law community
to have gotten used to a certain caliber
of fragrance you know you have companies
like Shea Moisture out here doing a
thing giving us you know Moroccan oil
cream butter Shea vanilla bean
deliciousness and things like that this
this this is not that so keep that in
mind the instructions in this also say
to use it once a week I don't know if
that's more for people that have
straighter hair textures but similar
you're doing an apple cider vinegar and
baking soda soak and things like that
something that's a little bit stronger
and is gonna break down the buildup it's
in your locks this is along the same
vein so I purchased it a few months ago
and I've only used it twice the first
time I was battling through some
build-up because I wasn't showering in a
place I had a shower filter so there was
a whole bake debacle and I had to go
with the dawn soap and then I followed
up with this and then the second time
was about a month ago and more of a
preventative maintenance kind of wash I
want to make sure now that every couple
of months I am attempting to keep
build-up from even starting in my locks
so I reached for this something I will
say about this product is it bones and
lathers a lot I would also say that if
you're someone who has some sort of
existing scalp conditions or has a scalp
that's easily irritated by things I
would focus the shampoo more on where
you feel like the build-up probably is
so like the shafts of your locs rather
than your scalp because again this
formula of shampoo is meant to break
down things that are in the shafts of
your ear it's meant to remove excess
product on your hair whether you're
locked or a loose natural or you know
anywhere on the hair curl texture
spectrum that's what this is for
definitely you will need to follow up
after this with you know whatever you
use to condition your locs for me it's
dr. Bronner's there citrus organic hair
mints definitely followed up and kind of
actually did like a little bit of a set
and with that after this maybe a hot oil
treatment can help out with this as well
because this will again dry your hair
out quite a bit so just be prepared for
that but overall I'm very happy with it
I am definitely going to keep it around
in case I ever have any more issues with
build-up and again also as a
preventative step for build-up as well
if you know of any other shampoos that
can help with preventing build-up or
removing build up from locs let me know
in the comments below
I'm Holly's I'll see you when I see you
