my family rarely says I love you they
prefer to show love in different ways
they make sure to meet up with you when
you arrive in an unfamiliar place
they offer encouraging words from their
life experience go with that gut feeling
don't trust what these people older
generations are telling you they see you
when no one else does and give you that
gentle nudge to get through it in a sea
full of faces you'll never know they
quietly attend your panel so you can
relax and they make sure to hype you
after they keep you young with
spontaneous dances to ease the tension
they're inspiring without even realizing
it and above all things they show up and
in a space that can feel like it was
never meant for you they band together
to make sure you belong
that's how my family shows love how do
you let me know in the comments below
and I'll see you when I see you
