hey everyone it's me hallease
endeavoring to persevere as always so
today I figured I would just fill y'all
in on everything that's going on you
know and yeah just kind of take out with
me throughout the day a little bit of a
vlog gonna hit y'all with a bit of a
vlog if you will and you know can I put
a pause on the artsy fartsy for a minute
and just hit y'all with a straight-up
vlog so yeah I'm about to go grab some
lunch the co-working space that I work
out of is in a really nice area of San
Antonio that's really walkable so I'm
gonna walk and go get some lunch and
yeah we're just gonna chat for this
video
so yeah a lot has been going on for the
past six months as far as the shambles
are concerned we are still pursuing
legal action with all of that and only
be real a child that will probably be
ongoing for I could imagine another year
before that's even somewhat beginning to
get solved you know and it's really sad
to think about because like well first
off it's well with my soul now I've
accepted that the legal system in
general is not actually built for
justice it's more built for who has the
time and the resources however limited
or unlimited it may they may be to to
like pursue the truth one that makes me
grateful that I have the time and the
resources to pursue the truth on the
matter so it makes me grateful for that
but on the other hand it makes me very I
was already very aware of how difficult
it is for people but it really just
highlights to me even more of how much
how much people probably get taken
advantage of a lot I'm not gonna lie to
y'all wasn't doing good for a while when
it came to everything with the house
just because like y'all know like we did
everything right you know mr. Hollis and
I we did everything right we got an
inspector we got a realtor we were
excited you know we're excited to start
this new part of our lives being
homeowner
everything that comes with that and like
setting up routes and yeah it was just
we were excited about all of that and
then ya have that just kind of I don't
know point blank kind of thrown back in
your face little bit was just like this
hurts so yeah I wasn't good I wasn't
okay for a little while definitely went
through a downswing emotionally but as a
belief says keep your network popping
right and my networks popping that's
something again I'm grateful for the
network that I have people you know
because I had friends checking in on me
a lot of course my family my family has
been like yeah essential to all of this
and then finally mr. hallease himself
he's been going through this too right
along with me and I feel like he is so
emotionally strong stronger than I think
I am but I mean you're always I don't
know I guess when it's your partner
you're always that's the beauty of
finding a good partner is that when one
of you is freaking out hopefully the
other is it and vice versa there were
definitely times when mr. Elise wasn't
in a good mental space but I found mice
found the strength to be whatever I
needed to be for him in that moment and
but I just feel like I was not okay for
a while and I feel like mr. Ely's just
really yeah helped me get through it you
know something that y'all have probably
seen on IG stories if you follow me
is that there's this tomato plant
growing on the side of the house now so
something we realized very early on
moving in was that there were like
thousands and thousands of dollars from
plumbing violations in the house that
the seller did not make us aware of and
in the process of discovering all of
that there's just a giant pile of dirt
on the side of the house where the
plumbers had to break through the
concrete of the house to get to it and
all that kind of stuff and from that
pile of dirt there's now it's a maetteok
plant growing there and I'm pretty sure
it's from when the house was getting
flipped you know people were contractors
were eating cherry tomatoes and things
like that and some of the seeds just
fell onto the dirt but now that the dirt
is exposed to the Sun this tomato plant
just started sprouting and it's like
massive it's a massive tomato plant and
so I don't know I've liked taking this
mantra now because I still go by the
house obviously to let in contractors to
do assessments on it and you know all
that song and dance and check the mail
and make sure I mean I called the house
the storage unit because essentially
it's just a place that holds all our
stuff now but yeah when I go there right
I check I check on that tomato plant and
I see how it's doing and I've taken on
the mantra of when life gives you lemons
be a tomato you know because we're not
watering it we're not taking care of it
and yet it's still thriving in spite of
that and it's in direct sun we're at
Texas the high today is 98 you know and
this tomato plant is just killing it
it's doing the damn thing so yeah that's
what's going on at the house
so yeah I meant the lighting here it's
so weird the rest of the office that I
work out of is like really pretty but
the lighting at my actual desk is trash
so let me like move to another spot
here's the background that y'all
probably will remember actually changed
my mind don't like it gonna come out
here instead here we go okay i coming in
clear am i coming in clear something
that i've gotten to do now through
volunteering and just figuring things
out is join the generation listen
counselor for Texas Public Radio which
is San Antonio's local NPR affiliate
station so I've essentially been when it
makes sense shooting stuff for them and
it's been really fun it's been cool to
kind of stretch my creative muscle
especially when it comes to shooting and
shoot for another entity you and like
money's not the thing about it you know
it's just a cool way to meet new people
and learn about what's going on in the
city with very low stress so if you
follow me on Instagram stories you've
probably noticed that that I've been
kind of at more events shooting stuff
and that's with Texas Public Radio
something I'm really beginning to accept
about myself as I get older is that I
really do think that storytelling
through video is like my spiritual gift
if you will and it makes sense to figure
out ways to give that spiritual gift
back when I can
finally the big thing I did and I'm sure
maybe the title of this video will
insinuate that is I went freelance a lot
of the decision to go freelance from the
agency was because I got the YouTube
creators for Change Ambassador Program
this year and I'm so excited to
god-willing
produce some cool content for y'all and
just kind of like actually use all of
the producing skills that I've learned
working for this agency to produce
something that's creative you know and
so I'm excited to kind of open it up and
see everything else I can create now you
know kicking it off with this YouTube
creators for Change thing which I am
super nervous about but very excited
about at the same time it's like a good
mix of nervous excitement but all that
being said as I have transitioned into
freelance life something I did do is
hire Tramel as a career coach and that
was the best two hours I spent talking
to someone in like I just really feel
like everyone should get a career coach
like whether you're just trying to move
up the corporate ladder or find
something new or whatever not
necessarily because I don't know what
I'm doing per se in this freelance life
that I'm entering but just to kind of
like bounce ideas off of somebody and
see if they can add any insight to me
professionally and all that kind of
stuff
the final thing if you don't really like
getting the bail notification which I
don't blame you mad respect I am going
to start a newsletter and I will link to
how you can sign up for the newsletter
in the description box as well
that's it that's pretty much everything
that is going
right now mid of the year 2018 chaotic
good life on that 100 million trillion
I'll see you when I see you
