hey everyone it's me hallease
endeavoring to persevere as always today
on trying to be somebody I have Tramel
Jones of tdj consulting and she's gonna
tell us a little bit about what she does
and who she's hopefully trying to be or
who she has already become so tdj
consulting is my brainchild I've been
doing this for like 20 years I remember
when I was in high school and when I was
in college I was doing this but I didn't
know it was career coaching right and
then I did this to it oh my god like
from that I just kept doing and I did it
on the side and then eventually my work
experience has all been in nonprofits
most of this been with youth development
so I would work with young people I was
a recruiter for an AmeriCorps program I
would go out recruit young people they
come and serve in this program and then
they would go out in the world and take
that experience with them but a lot of
them didn't know how to market that
experience right so I went to my boss
and I said we need to get resumes for
all these kids don't worry I'll do it so
I set up resume classes the next year I
went to him and said these kids need
like interview prep he was like I was
like don't worry I'll do it right and so
from that I started to realize like I'm
more focused on helping people market
themselves then I am on you know helping
the organization market the job that it
has so that is when I decided in my mind
that I was gonna start tdj consulting
actually offer career services and my
tagline is to help people find keep and
to grow their career as a career coach
people think that you only need a career
coach when you're looking for work but
that's not the case people are going
through workplace issues they've got bad
bosses they've got somebody bullying
them at work they're dealing with office
politics these are all reasons why you
might need career
and then there's a lot of times where
maybe you've been separated from a job
and I always tell people being separated
from a job is almost like mourning a
death and you need to process out that
information and so I'm here for that as
well but my most favorite thing to do is
to lead or facilitate sessions and so I
do sessions on DIY resumes how to do
your own resume because I I can't save
the world all by myself
and so I want everybody to have a resume
that actually is impactful if you were
at your job and someone followed you
from every job you've had before this
like they'd have the same resume so how
do you stand out right why do you think
people should have coach like what
values at just coaching at I obviously I
know without your ads now but like
explain it so it always tell people is
if you have ideas and thoughts that
you're thinking of or trying to process
level one is you processing in your head
but you don't have to complete a
sentence in your head so level two is
writing them down this really pushes you
to complete your thought right level
three is actually pricing processing
that BOTS with a person who counters you
and makes you defend it that's what
coaching is coaching is I really want to
be such and such okay what are you done
to get there a coach should not be a
person to tell you if you want to be
successful you need to do these three
things and everybody can touch the sky
but that's not what a coach is okay I'll
cook that I don't know who that is but a
coach is there to force you to get in
touch with everything inside you that
you already have to fulfill that goal
right and friction
so with some friction yeah and I feel
like the way that I approach people is
number one I use humor and I like to
keep it light so that when it's time to
go hard it's like but I was just nice to
you okay so don't take it out of me
but that ain't right and we need to push
further right right so a lot of times
when you have these goals you think of
them for a very long time and you never
move on them and a lot of the reason is
fear and I like to tell people that fear
is a roadblock that weighs the same
weight as a feather you can move it if
you want it to but you choose not to you
just look at it oh I can't do that
because of this it's like I'm the person
who comes to you and says this there's
no way nothing you can push through that
so that's what coaching is it's really
giving you the ability to push past fear
yeah and I'll support you along the way
I'm not gonna leave you out somewhere
where you know you feel like yeah it's
okay like we'll do it together and
that's what I like to call what I do
accountability coaching and I'd do it in
two sessions so that we we work through
some things and then you have some
homework and it's things you've been
wanting to do but maybe just didn't put
the energy behind and then you come back
and we discuss those things and we put
action steps together and then I keep up
with you okay you said that you were
gonna do these few things have you done
them and I think if everybody had that
like we will all be living our best life
yeah that's what I love for people yes
Oh everybody yes wherever you define it
because not everyone success is the same
it should be defined specific to that
person right you shouldn't be comparing
your life to others you know a lot of us
as kids we saw a mom and dad come home
they hated their job they talked bad
about it you know we were taught that
we're supposed to go to a place just to
make money
we would come home and gripe and then
maybe we had you know something we did
that fulfilled our life on the side why
start from the beginning doing something
you love you're gonna be so much more
productive if you love it you're gonna
be innovative if you love you gonna be
creative if you love it and you're gonna
move up faster because you actually are
enjoying it and will want to do more you
have to die to go to hell go to a job
you hate you go to every day right you
don't have to die to go to hell that's
really like put that on the bottom it
might be real I tell people that all the
time you do not have to die to go to
hell you go to a job you hate and you go
there every day so why would you want to
go to hell every day yeah find a job you
love that's what you should be doing
with your life
it is I feel like my career path is
something that's like where art meets
Commerce a little bit video in general
and growing up I felt like a lot of
times especially black parents in
general look like they're so focused on
the struggle and trying to make sure
that their kids just get into a
comfortable place you know and so a lot
of times they tell you to be in a safe
career or something like be a doctor be
a lawyer
an engineer and I know my parents are we
need you here yeah I love that part of
what you do is turning people's passions
into something that will sustain ya
reality yeah reality but so that's
that's a huge deal right you've got a
lot of parents who are pushing you get a
lot of pressure to be something else and
so you have to think of that two ways
number one to break the cycle before it
starts but number two what do you do
with all these people who have done that
to appease other people and on living an
unhappy life right so that's where it
comes to I give a lot of clients advice
about you should have two arms acting at
the same time one of them is how are you
sustaining your everyday life make sure
that you're staying at that job don't
just quit cuz you hate it and you know
never leave a job unless you have
another job that's number one rule but
you should have this one job going and
you're sustaining your bills you're able
to pay everything but on the side
start building that dream whatever that
is it's not pumping sometime in that and
what that really if you do it right what
that creates is some life work balance
that's driving force to get you to leave
this job and go to that dream yeah but
if all you're doing is going this job
that you hate it's like what am I was my
life about was my purpose but when you
start to do the thing that you love
you're gonna hear no at work
it won't devastate you because what will
happen it should be like okay no problem
i'ma go to my own thing and do this idea
yeah so it gives you an area to beat all
of the things that you can't be I know
for me it was really big like something
I really appreciated about my parents
especially when it came to college was I
actually never had the realization that
college was optional oh wow yeah because
like to me the way my parents framed to
college it was the thing you did after
High's yes I always tell people you
don't have to go to college but you have
to learn somewhere right so for some
people that might be on-the-job training
for some people that might be vocational
school for some people that might be you
know college and grad school and PhD
everything right but I tell people don't
think that you can get through life
without learning anything you have to
have an education whether it be formal
or informal right there's an asterisk
there I think some people are just very
extreme where it's like I don't have to
go to college I won't do anything it's
like okay baby you do nothing so you
have to you have to be educated some way
and I don't believe that it's the same
for all people I think that it is
definitely a fluid concept that can kind
of you can find education in a lot of
places but you need to treat it as such
yeah something that I've also really
bothered me is that like there's this
mindset to now almost like a little bit
of elitism when it
to education in general like I know so
many people that are doing so well that
went to trade schools vocational schools
you know learning those like card skills
I'll say this I went to school for film
and I went to like well-to-do University
here in Texas UT Austin but I felt like
I learned the most as a video producer
as an editor at the internships oh wow
you know like the actual bare-bones
things that are gonna get me a job
because then you at university you learn
the theory of milk right yeah any ideas
the internships you take the first time
assistant editor jobs you think that's
what teaches you like these are the but
here are the tangible vocational things
that you have learned but what are you
saying is it's the experiential learning
to kind of wrap up what are you hoping
to achieve with tdj consulting like what
are your baby or future plans
Brady J cuz I know you're doing good now
like you've got obviously things are
moving along yeah but everyone is like
those long-term you know so my long-term
goal and I don't tell people this enough
so I guess I should I'm gonna like
Samuel in here okay so for me I can't do
everybody's resume so of course I'm
really moving away from that I'm doing
more coaching because I feel like people
need that a lot more and I'm really
gonna start doing more DIY a resume
workshops so that people can take that
into their own hands I'm also gonna
start providing that online so that you
can utilize that when I'm sleeping and
you don't have to wake me up to make
sure that you have that skill but
ultimately the goal for me is to create
a platform online where I game a PHY
skill building yes and so what that
means is you would be able to go onto a
website and gain a skill but there would
be some sort of excitement around it
right the weight the way that we do this
you know right
now is sitting in a classroom and
looking at somebody's PowerPoint and
being bored to death and so for me it's
about lag if you go and you actually
have like maybe some fun quizzes or
literally games that you play that gets
you through that process
and then there's some competition
between you and your friends I think
that it will really push people to do
some more but it's something that you
can put on your resume and those skills
will be selected even from organizations
that and you need that skill to be hired
their or their skills that colleges are
already doing but they're now presented
in a fun way
so I just gave away all my secrets so
yeah so I really do want to become a
tech company where I gave up I
professional development yeah so we will
see interview again it's like and so now
that you're an amazing conglomerate you
get to talk to you know I don't know
we'll see yeah is there anything else
that you feel like people should know
about you and your business Wow
so I had a very small session with my
coach today and the question that we
were discussing was purpose and she
didn't exercise with me to figure out
what my purpose was and it all came down
to one word and that word was harmony
isn't it so for me my my whole thing is
about making sure that there's
inclusivity in the world that everybody
gets to live their best life and that we
are all marketing ourselves the way that
we should be and not the way we think we
should so making sure that people are
valuing their experiences instead of
devaluing because we do that all the
time right and so I want harmony in the
world so if you if you're interested in
my services know that that is the path
that I take is all about harmony in
their crazy
so which leads me to my rap questions
okay how can people support ya Wow
how can people support me this is a
really good question I never asked
enough so if you're looking for any kind
of services that have to do with your
your resume your cover letter finding
keeping growing your career you can
reach me at t DJ consulting on all
social medias you can email me at admin
at t DJ consulting and i have a website
t DJ consulting comm and all the
information of course will be in the
description box well we actually have a
series of that's gonna be happening with
Tramel so stick around I want to try to
put these videos all out relatively
within the same time frame so look in
the eye of Celoron for the next one but
we're gonna start giving Tramel is gonna
actually give us some cold hard facts
depending on where you are in your life
that can help you get to that next step
yes so stay tuned
I'm Holly's this ultramel and we'll see
you
