so a lot of you all comments
congratulating me on being creative or
asking me how I come up with these
creative ideas for these films and
videos that I produce on this channel
and when I give these questions were
these comments I'm often reminded of the
intro track to yellow day's album
harmless melodies while yellow days is
playing his ultra guitar just doing what
you do just in giving us the dreamlike
vibes we hear John Cleese's voice kind
of in the background as he's creating
this ethereal space for us to just exist
I'm pretty sure I'll be able to pull the
audio off of YouTube so I'll play it for
you now all creativity comes from the
unconscious
if creativity came from logic and
intelligence then all the logical
intelligent people could do it but they
can't it all boils down to getting in a
playful and relaxed frame of mind so
John Cleese is hitting us with some
serious trade secrets but still the
question remains how do you get to this
playful and relaxed state of mind he
says that you need to be in right it's a
great question and I can only really
answer it in regards to my own
experience my secret is this I channel
my inner middle-aged beige man because
if I try to have confidence and create
with the weight of being a black woman
on my shoulders that combined with my
own individual baggage that is both part
of that identity and separate from it
I'll never get anything done I'll always
be staring at a blank piece of paper
I'll always be looking at a blank screen
my camera will stay off allowing myself
to enter this state of mind is how I
approach anything where I need to be
either confident or creative it's a head
space you feel me I can't go into a
conference call or walk into a meeting
with executives of big companies or
marketing agencies or for that matter
run a production set as a black woman no
my mind will not be playful and relaxed
my mind will be weighted down by the
reality of that existence I'll be too
busy asking myself negative questions do
I deserve to be here am i representing
an entire demographic of people
correctly is the only reason I'm here
because they had to fill some kind of
diversity quota and thusly lowered their
standards to let me in
none of those thoughts are conducive to
fostering confidence or creativity so I
forsake them so I can clear my head and
get to this playful and relaxed space
that John Cleese says we all need to be
vibing it because to me when I think
about a beige man walking into a meeting
he's not thinking about how his actions
or words are going to dictate and
possibly ruin the chances for anyone
else that walks in after him that looks
like him nah he's just happy that he got
the opportunity to get the meeting he's
not thinking about whether he deserves
to be in the room they called him they
set up the meeting
obviously he deserves to be there now
this does take a bit of method acting so
I watch beige meant a lot some of them
are here on this platform and then
others are colleagues that I respect and
admire and I consider them friends and
mentors so before I'm about to go run
that film set or hop on that conference
call or step into that meeting I take
five minutes and I shed my identities so
defining moments like Ferguson in Sandra
bland
moments that cut me to my core I take
out my beige bandage and I cover them so
I can do what I have to do to create
figure out a concept or a figure that
you can fashion your head space out of
and embody it if you're interested in
watching the full interview with John
Cleese the link is down below like share
subscribe if the spirit moves you and
I'll see you tomorrow probably
