a crown of cloth on my head that's what
I told Jules E in our collab video last
year when we discussed how head wraps
can be political I wear them for a
variety of reasons many of them
practical I have locks and locks our
long-term style a compilation of
semi-structured tangles creating this
intricate web of strength that hang from
my head there a pretty carefree style
made possible by my hair is the natural
texture and I don't have to do much to
maintain them I cover my locs often with
my head wraps because it protects my
hair from the harsh Texas Sun staving
off the natural bleaching that comes
from overexposure
I also cover my locs to protect them
from the elements
in the spring and summer there are a lot
of pollen and allergens floating around
in the air
Texas is dusty and all of that stays in
your hair when you have locs
finally there is a level of modesty I
subscribe to with wrapping my hair I
wouldn't say it's religious or spiritual
even though in most monotheistic faiths
there is some form of head covering I
just no one recognized that my hair is
important to me and I don't like
strangers touching it it's too intimate
for that
so I make it so they can't a physical
barrier I suppose you could say it's the
twisted formation of centuries-old
oppression you want to oppress me fine
but I'll make you fashioned I just know
one of the most intimate moments I have
every day is laying next to mr. hallease
as he casually pulls my hair to the side
and leans on me anyway now you'll know
how I do my head wraps in the comments
below let me know if hair is intimate
for you and why I'll see you tomorrow
