for as long as I can remember my family
has distilled in me this identity I am
black my people are black but what does
that mean
while sure we as black Americans all
share a collective history that is
specific to the United States our unique
history is ultimately more nuanced and
geographically distinct I'm a black
American from San Antonio Texas my black
experience is probably different from
yours and that's cool and even within
the identity that I hold there are other
connotations my family's from Virginia
and the Carolinas that geographical
history is included in my existence as
well I've always wanted to know more
specifics about my lineage within the
greater diaspora and I voiced this
longing to mr. hallease so for Christmas
last year he bought me an ancestry DNA
kit and while my curiosity has
ultimately driven me to complete the kit
on the whole I'm not sure what it will
change for me will it change anything at
all I'm not sure if this resistance is
based on a new sense of fear the
potential for the identity I've known my
entire life to suddenly be stripped away
by biology most black Americans have
some sort of Western European ancestry
because of you guessed it slavery but
what will I gain from knowing the
specifics of it when I'm being profiled
by police can I say to them yo 5 to 10
to 18 percent of you should be outraged
right now and that's only if that
percentage is the acceptable type of
white for this millennia I guess that's
what I'm struggling with in knowing the
truth because I'm not sure the truth
will actually set me free at the end of
the day society has labeled me black and
I never get the world through a black
lens whether the DNA ends up supporting
that or not a friend of mine did her DNA
and said that for her it gives a level
of legitimacy when approaching the
African continent
you can't deny me I'm from here here
being West Africa for her and I feel the
legitimacy of that argument but I also
hear the words of Toni Morrison in my
head to the very serious function of
racism is distraction it keeps you from
doing your work it keeps you explaining
over and over again your reason for
being somebody says you have no language
so you spend 20 years proving that you
do somebody says you have no kingdoms so
you dredge that up none of that is
necessary there will always be one more
thing there will always be one more
thing
maybe that's what being a black American
truly is it's just one more thing it's
being from everywhere and nowhere at the
same time when I get the results in I'll
let you know until then let me know what
being black is to you I'll see you
tomorrow
