hey everyone it's me hallease I just
wanted to get on and let you know that I
have a quick announcement this Saturday
March 3rd from 7:00 to 9:00 p.m. I will
be at a at the mockingbirds event here
in San Antonio Texas because my little
short film that I made last year
my name is Hollis during Veda which is
vlog every day in April it's gonna be
shown there yay yeah it's this Saturday
March 3rd at 7 and 9 p.m. I want to say
the event is free but girl don't quote
me um pretty sure it's free though come
out see me if you want to see me in
person if you're in the area you know
I'm saying in the area and I think this
event is actually part of the bigger
scheme which is San Antonio is turning
300 years old this year
and so yeah this my films gonna be there
and it's gonna be great it's gonna be
great I have no idea like how big or
small the venue I just I don't even know
I just think they're gonna show it I'm
gonna be there I'm gonna show up so show
up and say hi and all that kind of fun
stuff yeah so you know that's me that's
it that's all I want to get on and say
back to regular scheduled YouTube
Internet programming wife is still in
shambles but is it though cuz of short
films getting played of a little
festival so is my life really in
shambles I don't know um that's all I
got that's all I wanted to say so come
through so you want to see it
