for the past month or so mr. Hollis and
I have been displaced so right now we
are currently in my childhood bedroom
that was transformed into a guest room
so we're at my parents house and last
week we were at my sister and her
husband's house and we alternate between
the two houses because even though we
did purchase a home at the end of last
year that home is not livable
just know that that home has plumbing
damage foundation damage roof damage and
electrical damage and we got it
inspected and we did get inspected so
there you go
everything looked fine everything does
look fine so essentially that home is a
glorified storage unit it now it just
holds all our stuff while we figure out
what we're gonna do legally with our
lawyer
we hired a lawyer we're living life as
best we can that's and so yeah man in
these trying times I struggled with the
idea of just like talking about what's
happening in the background
cuz then you acknowledge the failure
exactly I do feel like I have failed
just because was she the whole home
buying process for me in general just
always felt like I was doing something
that was never meant for me mostly
because of just knowing the history of
housing discrimination and then even
going through like the application
process just all these little moments it
was very much like but what is is the
home-buying like is owning a home like
it was never meant for me to begin with
and we never have done it yeah and then
now all of this happened in this life
Wow was this really was never meant for
me it's kind of like confirming and so
it's like what does it what is the
American dream
it depends on who you ask we are home
less in that we
do not have a home to reside in but we
have home
yeah we've we've found home again and
the people that were surrounded by in
the family and the the blessings and the
food and everything that we can take in
and we try not to take it for granted
anymore we have home and we carry it
with us in our suitcase now we unpack it
and that's how we gonna do today pretty
much it can be very overwhelming at
times though there's just like moments
where you just I just sit there and it's
like oh I'm overwhelmed I'm overwhelmed
right now but it's still the beauty of
our marriage in that one person is
always grounded and the other person can
freak out
yeah that's sure it's never been we
we're never both six years in and we've
never both been freaking out about
something yes I'm sure there's been a
time but I will say cuz it's like every
year that I'm with you I always think
like oh there's no way I can love this
person more than I already do and then
another year goes by it's like oh man I
definitely feel like I love you more
this year than I did last year you know
I mean it I would I'm happy I'm so
grateful that I have I get to go through
this experience with you as up
yeah I'm not strong enough no not at all
this whole experience of being displaced
and just not having a lot of space so it
doesn't really bother me staying with
people it's more just like you just
don't ever feel like you've you're truly
grounded anywhere but but like with this
we're just always living out of a
suitcase and we're always just kind of
like we're very much aware that this is
supposed to be temporary so we're trying
to like not be a burden this definitely
makes me realize that like we could
totally do tiny houses I am a hundred
percent down with now your downs mom
totally took me I was oh my gosh Nate
with tiny houses first before they were
even big oh they're the show yeah like
before the shows and everything
already talking in like oh my gosh we
should totally do tiny houses we could
totally just like live our best tiny
house life and he was like we have too
much stuff it's like well we don't even
need this stuff and we really don't need
this stuff like all of our stuff is at
the storage unit we consistently live in
about 90 square feet yeah and with a
tiny home we'd have a second story
yeah it's imagine if we could access all
this dead space this is dead space this
is Nick this is wasteful
yes that's big I know there's tiny house
builders here in San Antonio
we'll get to we yeah we have the best
hand when we get to that place anyway we
I think we've been bouncing through the
five stages of grief you know we've been
bouncing all around and I feel like we
finally just like a bit acceptance by
the acceptance stage I feel like this is
our job story and there's no point in
asking God why because it's bigger than
you bad things happen to good people all
the time there is no rhyme or reason for
it things just happen sometimes there is
no lesson to be add it's just something
that just happens you know roll with it
and live your best displaced life
there's still too much privilege like I
still feel like my aunt olia we had
perhaps too much maybe we did maybe we
do have too much you know again I'm not
trying to make something of it but it
just it still feels like I still have a
job you still have a job yeah we both
have our cars
yeah we have a place to stay we
consistently eat this had happened in
Austin we would legit be very very very
lost yeah would have had to let me quit
a job
yeah it'd be cut and run it'd be very
bad oh my gosh I don't know make it
always be worse it could always be a lot
worse
you can always yeah
and definitely always be aware Sheila we
have each other yeah
but yeah I guess in the comments below
send good vibes you know I'm saying if
you don't have anything like necessarily
to say just put the word vibes in the
comments below and I'll just know you're
sending me good vibes it'll just feel
good you know
also let me know what you're grateful
for in life because even in these trying
times I still find so much that I am
grateful for I flush a toilet praise God
it rains a little bit and the roof still
works praise God you know so genuine
blessings like genuine you know the
hardships to know the blessings exactly
so what are you grateful for let us know
in the comments below and yeah just know
that in the background in the midst of
it all we're dealing with it and you can
too with that I'll see you when I see
you
you
