another year of life lived and what a
year it has been oh you're a family a
year of highs and lows personally on
this channel I accomplished a lot
I hit 10,000 subscribers was good I ran
a half marathon I got a drone I finished
the first episode of where I stay
finally I used Veda as an opportunity to
invest in myself and create more on this
platform forcing myself to push past
what everyone else is doing for the
numbers and remembering why I stay here
why I do this I do this for me to
enhance my existence to catalog my life
to reflect this is my therapy this is my
art this is where I come to connect I
watched my family grow and parallel with
my hair I collaborated I collaborated
with dope as people and brands that I
truly enjoy and through all of this I
tried to give you all a few tips and
tricks a few how to's where it made
sense I got to see some things and go to
new places sometimes I brought you all
with me sometimes I didn't towards the
end of the year mr. Hollis and I
accomplished something that we've wanted
to do for quite some time we purchased a
home
but things are not always what they seem
and for every triumph there is a failure
I have failed a lot this year and I will
continue to fail into the next and I'm
learning to be fine with that I just
want to fail fast to keep moving forward
even if it's only a centimeter even if
it's just day by day or at times moment
by moment forward still always forward
for 2018 I want to be better about
taking a breath I go I go constantly so
much so that I miss the victories that I
do achieve I cross it off my list and
it's on to the next that's not bad
being driven and having passion is what
has gotten me this far but I want to
make sure I'm present for the good and
the bad and sometimes that means I'll
turn off the camera so the moment has
all of me be a chaotic good
that's my only resolution for 2018 be a
chaotic good internalize the realization
that life isn't linear except where I am
but always strive for more do my best
and realize that my best may fluctuate
depending on what is going on in my life
help when I can meet people where
they're at and collaborate more continue
to not think about the numbers and just
create be a chaotic good
let me know what your 2018 resolutions
are in the comments below and as always
I'll see you when I see you
