my nephew is now eight months and the
size of a small toddler lately he hasn't
been feeling well a combination of
constipation and general moodiness
babies are moody I imagine it has
something to do with their inability to
communicate effectively through language
these were my famous last words before
this happened
trigger warning there's audio something
I'm thankful for coming from a family of
nurses cleaning ladies and teachers is
that throw-up doesn't really faze me a
tip to all your new parents
although giving your child prunes to
help with constipation can be good too
much fruit creates an imbalance of acid
in the gut they'll just throw it up all
of it
probably on you
the more I'm around him the more I
realize how fascinating babies really
are he's constantly watching us I feel
like I can see his young mind making
correlations filing away and organizing
every site color sound in action
desperately trying to solve an equation
that has no answer my sister is a good
mother she's a teacher so she's
constantly using basic osmosis
techniques on him it's really cool to
watch and that's a thing I can watch him
and interact with him for hours a lot of
my time spent with him is just sitting
in his burro pool and doing repetitive
motions he's barely learned to crawl
well but he's already over it he wants
to stand and walk which makes sense
since everyone he knows and sees does
that he uses us all a lot to stand up
with varying degrees of success and I
find myself in all of how easily he just
trusts us how naive he is how sure he is
that we'll catch him it's a trust that I
don't think I've earned and yet he's
giving it to me mr. Hollis and I are his
godparents so we try to make sure that
we see him at least once a week we'll
just come over and make dinner together
or just hang out and catch up on each
other's lives
No
god is good
