hey everyone it's me hallease back with
a hair update so in previous videos I
talked to y'all about how I'm always
trying to manage buildup on my locs and
how difficult that can be now that I'm
training and running pretty constantly
the at the height of my half marathon
training I was running five times a week
I'd come in from a run but I wouldn't
necessarily want to wash my hair again
because I just washed it a day maybe two
days ago and you know I just really
wanted to make sure I wasn't over
washing and potentially drying my hair
out and so you know I started perusing
the internet a little bit to try to find
a product that I felt could you know be
kind of the in-between you know when I
definitely need to put something on my
scalp to clarify and I was stumbled upon
curly new growths video talking about
dr. Locks and their pre cleanse and she
showed how she used the product on one
of her clients locs to break down some
buildup and she showed like the before
and after of just having the product
sitting on their locks and I thought to
myself that's awesome so I reached out
to them and asked them if I could try it
out for myself
and that's what I've been using for the
past two months pretty much to wash my
hair in between washes so I'll come in
from a run and my hair is you know soft
and sweat honestly because I live in
South Texas it's very hot here so my
hair is soft and sweat and then also I
usually run outside in the local parks
so there's a lot of just pollen and
things in the air all of that's kind of
in my hair a little bit and if I scratch
you can actually kind of see some of
that build-up and like white sort of
residue that is left on my hair and on
my scalp after doing an intense workout
so what I use now is dr. locks I spray
this product on
and I concentrated on to my scalp and I
really massage it in and I do it for
about five minutes or so and then I get
in the shower and just rinse it out and
my hair feels so soft first of all which
is really great my hair feels really
soft after I use it my scalp feels great
like it can breathe again and it's not
drying or stripping to my hair which I
really appreciate it and it's also their
entire line of products is all about
minimizing buildup which I am a Jonah
100% of before because for me the big
thing is I can't use a lot of things
that are too heavy or too dense because
my locs are so dense themselves checking
out this product and seeing how residue
free it is one and then also how easily
it removes it removes the build-up from
my locs
after a run it's just so great and the
thing that's really cool about the
product too is that everything in the
ingredients list I can like I know
what's in here the ingredients are witch
hazel rosewater sea salt apple cider
vinegar jojoba oil tea tree oil
eucalyptus oil and preservatives natural
preservatives so it's a really cool
product and I just really wanted to get
on and talk to y'all and tell you all
about it because it is really really
really really enhanced of my regimen
over the past few months now you can go
off and try to bother the ingredients
yourself and recreate the product
yourself but at the end of the day
that's going to cost you time and it's
gonna cost you money honestly once you
figure it out yeah there's a cost
savings to it but until then you know
you're filling in batches doing what
dude make it work and to me I don't have
the time to do that
so whenever I find a product that you
know is more or less very natural and I
can pronounce everything that I see on
the ingredients list I'm I'm there and
I'm all for it so yeah I just wanted to
get on and talk to you all about dr.
locks and using their pre cleanse as my
go-between if you're someone that's
really active you work out regularly and
you have locks I would highly recommend
using this product in between washes you
know bring it with you to the gym put it
in your gym bag when you're finished
working out spritz a little bit in your
hair massage it in for a couple minutes
then go to a good rinse and you know the
gym shower or whatever and now your
locks are nice and refreshed and you're
not worrying about the potential
build-up or mildew or any of those other
issues that can come up when you're
sweating and being very active regularly
so I hope this helps for any of y'all
that are locked out there and you know
being fit and I'll see you when I see
you
