you're totally out the shot that's the
point this is about you I'm in this one
yeah yeah yeah so that's good it should
just be with you in my chest okay okay
we're gonna do this okay
Jules eh oh no Josie is on her channel
talking to me about headwraps
aha yeah and now on my channel I
actually just wanted to talk to her a
little bit more about smart brown girl
and everything she has going along with
that and what the goal is for that and I
guess to talk a little bit more about
the side of you that maybe is like
different from the content creation side
here suppose like trying to let people
see a little bit more into who you are
okay you know um and I just wanted to
start with something simple because
you've lived in so many different places
so you've lived in the East the Northey
northeast and then now recently you've
moved for the last what few years three
yeah for the last three you guys been
here for three years
yeah you've been down here and Texas and
to me it's just like I always find it
fascinating when people from the east
come down especially like amazing and
hang out with us - oh yeah um and like
so what fueled that move so first off
when I moved to Texas I didn't with a
doubt I'm in Houston
yeah right and so when you look at the
major cities in America you have New
York DC LA Atlanta Chicago
yeah so like cities that have cultural
centers I think you could also say like
the New Orleans right so I knew that I
wanted I was tired of like living
someplace that was really expensive
I knew that my audience as I started all
this tomorrow our mission a lot of my
audience is in the southern United
States and when you talk to black women
about success especially in
non-traditional career fields it's
always framed as they either live in New
York LA and then sometimes Atlanta
inside I probably if I was really gonna
start this movement about encouraging
black women to be who they want it to be
I mean then why limit myself to only
staying in the Northeast they're only
staying in these cities and that's like
alright well I need to be somewhere that
as a cultural hub and so at that point I
was like well there's Chicago New
Orleans Atlanta or Houston because LA
was too expensive Atlanta and one say
too much traffic but then I moved to
Houston so that's redundant Atlanta's
just a little you know if I dating
struggle in Atlanta I just wasn't really
interested in entertaining that and I
don't feel like Atlanta is really that
different from like DC New York crowd
wise and then Chicago's to Kohl's I love
this city but it's way too cold okay so
you don't do the cold either no I mean
not now that I've gotten out of it
there's like literally no reason to go
back to it okay and then there is then
there was New Orleans or Houston which
is what I was looking at when I moved I
Love New Orleans I love the culture of
New Orleans but it's there's one Airport
and it's not the easiest to need to get
in and out of that I have salons level
money I would absolutely live in NOLA
however as someone who's trying to focus
on my ability to take more risk with
your smart brown girl stuff I wanted to
live someplace where the cost of living
was a lot more effective to that where I
could like truly be an entrepreneur and
if things ever hit a low god forbid and
they hit that low girl well oh I could
still financially v8b okay and not have
to like drop everything and move you
know cuz I made a lot of decisions in
New York based off of my ability to keep
a roof over my head and I
didn't want to have to think about that
anymore Houston has a really rich
culture it has a black community and so
I originally moved to Houston I will say
that I didn't consider some things that
when I moved okay
like why how difficult it is to make new
friends post college I mean and I think
I was really spoiled living in New York
because I didn't really go to college in
New York I dropped out of college and
then moved to New York City I think you
can literally move to New York at any
age and now maybe if you're married oh
wait kids a little bit different way as
a single person you can absolutely move
to New York at any age and find your
people but I think in New York because
it's so expensive typically we have to
have roommates in New York and you kind
of have to forge relationships in order
to survive yeah
you're not going to New York to stagnate
you're going in New York til I build
your career and so they're just a whole
different mindset about relationships
and you know social interactions so I
didn't really account for how that would
impact my ability to build a community
or my desire to build set community yeah
I thought oh I'm gonna have to make some
more effort so I'm just gonna make that
effort and I wasn't considering the fact
that now I have a YouTube channel and I
have some sort of I want to say em for
me but I have some sort of notoriety on
the YouTube space that translates into
real life that that kind of negatively
impacts my relationships I don't know
that I made the best choices when I
moved to Houston about where to live in
style yeah so then but so you
transitioned over to Dallas yes so then
I moved to Dallas which is funny I moved
to Houston for culture and I legit feel
like Dallas has no culture someone's
gonna come for me with that weight you
don't is why cuz I'm thinking I really
like my apartment I like the
neighborhood I live in in Dallas it's
really cute here it's just so it's like
a really cute industry is here the
industry that I work in like a lot like
Mary Kay is like not that I work on Mary
Kay but Mary Kay and Sally's Beauty it's
headquartered here so there's a lot of
influence or stuff that happens here and
a lot of times I was getting hit up for
stuff people like oh you're in Texas
and it was in Dallas it was very Dallas
Center and I it was a few contracts that
I couldn't get because I was in Houston
and Houston is considered a sub market
Dallas considered a primary market hmm
okay well I don't just like living in
Texas and so workwise it makes more
sense for me to move to Dallas and the
airport is way cheaper here
DFW I love okay okay so then like Todd
talked to me a little a little bit about
smart brown girl in general like what is
your hope for smart brown girl to become
I know it already is something and
that's great but like what do you what
do you hope for it to be like what's its
ideal grant there's no how many things
that I think smart brown girl can become
I'm just like you know I'm a thinker I'm
a creative but the actual management
function of it is like oh my gosh you
know I I think what my overarching
mission with smart brown girl is to
encourage critical thought yeah
and that kind of breaks down on
different functions about like I want us
to really be able to like think about
how things are interconnected and use
that as inspiration and use that to
allow our ourselves to define ourselves
Hey and not get so caught up in just all
these societal norms that bind us and I
would like to make potentially you build
out nothing there's gonna be a smart
girls school but like workbooks and
workshops and stuff like that doing a
tour and the immediate future would be
cool doing smart brown girl events just
providing more resources for black women
because I think a lot of times like kind
of where I'm at with smart brown girls
we have all these ideas and we literally
have no knowledge of where to start
yeah and it's not necessarily because
things aren't accessible to us sometimes
is that we just don't understand how the
pieces of the puzzle fit together yeah
and so providing the kind of like
knowledgeable resources how do I turn
around and
impact chakra I think we know how to
protest we know how to like start
nonprofit and do things but maybe you
want to do something a little bit more
you know you want to have a bit of a
greater impact locally so what are like
what are the mechanics that make that
happen again you know your house your
son is how do we talk to those people
and how to approach those who I give you
a skill a technical skill or do I give
you knowledge and a lot of us black our
black families kind of had battles with
us growing up and like working with
Adobe and going there was really
bittersweet because I realized how I
didn't really get exposure to the
creative world yeah I knew I was a
creative and I initially went to college
and I took a photography class and I was
a technical theatre major because I
wanted to do the thing I hate sitting at
with my youtube videos yes video no
lighting light ever burn I want it to
like the Grammys oh my god and I went to
George Washington because though God who
handled the light production for the
Grammys in like 2002 was a GW professor
I get where you're coming from I know
for me like going to school for film and
stuff I didn't even realize that you
could go to school for film until I was
in high school but but that was because
like I got plucked away from like the
public school side of it and went to
like basically public private high
hybrid high school yes communications
magnet school and now is where they were
like yeah well you know like you love
going to movies you love critiquing them
and stuff you know you can like have a
career in that right and I was like I
really even like this is this is shade
everybody all have to be a makeup artist
right and I think like we we were seeing
this proliferation of is that even the
right word we're seeing like so many
more people become makeup artists
because I don't think we understand a
different way that
can use our love of makeup artistry
great but there's so much outside you
know there's somebody who's a chemist at
lore'l that is creating these colors yes
I can we're critiquing and Anastasia
Beverly Hills palette because it's too
soft like there is a science behind why
that is what it is and so you know you
don't have to deter your child from
loving makeup and just push them over to
fine you can integrate the two right
with when you're thinking about smart
brown girl for the future do you see it
having like a centralized location you
know look I live in Deep Ellum and
there's like all these like office
spaces around here like you know
workspaces like there with the window
just all open and I'm like but what will
we be doing in the office right like
having programs well obviously to run
the website yeah I would have to get an
office so that could be one function of
it and also I want there to be like a
history component like I don't think we
have a really great understanding of
black women in history I think
african-american history has definitely
hit a stride but it's very male oriented
yes and I don't I think there's a lot of
erasure of the black woman that is going
and I would love to be a part of that
bringing it back into the context of
mainstream American history I wonder
like I guess I wonder if it would be
because I could creating curriculum yeah
creating curriculum or I could see you
partnering with like different maybe
they're watching women like different
museums or organization what some things
out that day hit me up oh really
it's like the African American History
Museum of african-american history and
culture yeah aha yeah partnering I have
a meeting coming up with them that I'm
like I don't know what's gonna happen
but yes make this happen yeah but I you
know even like another thing I didn't
know until I started a YouTube channel
like I love the 100 years of beauty
series because it kind of it meets right
where I like I want like it inspires
critical thought about beauty that
everyone's into
and it shows the culture and history in
the political intersection
you know the guy that does all the
research for that is a I think you the
anthropology of cultural anthropology
PhD and you watch okay
and he they hired him as a media
consultant so he's not even just a read
it's not like he just just a research
for it like he really puts together the
concept of the videos and like how to
curate them and he's it's actually using
his degree in a way that like I never
think wow so that's kind of like every
time I talk somebody about applying for
a doctoral program for my PhD they're
all like Oh what you can do with your
YouTube but I'm like nah but it all ties
it because it's like this thing that I
never knew could be yeah
since knowing that you don't really
technically like Dallas Emily you like
the place you live I don't like the
community in Dallas yeah yeah but also I
have it I also have no desire to put
into it right so where do you see where
do you see yourself in the next year
do you see you so I still even in the
next year I mean okay we'll find - let's
say - then cuz I know you I know you're
here - ideally I would like to get into
a ph.d program but that's five to seven
years yeah I'm 32 now girl at some point
I would like to find me a black man that
respects black women who love me and
start a family that would be you know
I'm being taught a unicorn of a dream
but whatever um I don't think I'm a
finding my dad's stuff but yeah I would
definitely do that and start a family in
the process of pursuing my PhD and I
think it's kind of up in the air like do
I stay in Dallas I don't think I'm gonna
raise a family in doubt I'm not going to
raise a family in Texas yeah definitely
not Dallas if I was going to raise a
family in stay in Texas I would go to
back to Houston okay either I'm gonna
end up to the land down in Houston or I
gotta go back to East Coast
yeah I was gonna say like do you you
don't really see yourself going back to
the East Coast and living there and
settling there I like this idea of
community and I like this idea of living
month to your community being like even
whether your community is your family
your friends you know having like these
really strong interpersonal bonds and
like literally living in the same
neighborhood together yeah well my
family like my dad and my brother and
Delaware my mom is in Florida my sisters
in Georgia and of our animals but I'm
like maybe if I make enough money I can
convince them all to like let's all move
somewhere central because I don't know
that I'm ever really gonna like anywhere
outside of Brooklyn New York and I don't
have any desire to go back and live
there but that really is where my
community is and even at this point a
lot of my friends are moving elsewhere
or they're like gearing up to like go
elsewhere right like that's not the end
stop for them but I want to be
accessible and surrounded and close to
those people so that like we can raise
our families together
yeah and build communities in that and I
know and I have no idea where that might
be yeah we could all end up in Maryland
with the rest of the black folks um
everyone's in that area like everyone's
and like because it's like it's like the
nice middle ground right you know yeah
copy that and you have accessibility to
lay okay I don't impose to moving back
and living in Maryland where else like
where else do you go especially because
I think a lot about the political
structure
yeah and such I mean it's terrible here
oh girl and that's part of why I can't
really like love it here because I'm
like I'm very aware of the
disenfranchisement specifically a black
and brown bodies here it doesn't mean it
impacts me on some level because like
doctors I'll take my Obama care yeah um
but you know I have the economic
privilege that I can kind of over I can
compensate for that right but it's
really hard to love a state that's
getting socially conservative no matter
how because I know this facade of
progressiveness is not real yeah and the
Democrats in Dallas are just like
horrible so I don't know
and something IRAs so something that
would really like drew me to your
channel when I first cuz uh y'all y'all
we don't even realize I actually emailed
jewsí out of the blue did you yeah when
we knew who you were so I remember the
email because you were like oh my god
and I was like girl I watch your channel
I used to comment while you and Evelyn
when did the collab series I mean I
midnight I knew like she's got so much
hair she got all that hair no so like we
had dinner or whatever but like I think
the thing that drew me to your channel
aside from especially I think I actually
started I followed your channel
originally for like yes the hair but as
I as I saw you transitioning that was
actually what drew me more to you was
because it was like you were so
knowledgeable and yet still so
approachable so like I remember you've
talked about how like I don't come I
don't come from black excellence like
all this kind of stuff I know what it's
like and I think you I'm trying to
remember the context in the video wasn't
I don't think you're trying to like be
not airing about it but like I think
that adds to your character and what
makes you so like valuable in the
YouTube space is that you're so
approachable in the way you talk about
these topics and that directly ties to
where you came from and how you grew up
like it's an asset you know like I'm not
bougie basically that's a compliment a
long way to go say that but yeah I want
to be able to like meet my audience
right cuz I didn't it means I don't need
to be complimented but it mean it means
so much to me that like I get to see
who's actually watching my channel yeah
yeah definitely you know cuz I get I'm
inspired by y'all too yeah but no you
you the even was out of the blue for you
what were I like I was like girls
invited Oh baby outdone you talked about
where you possibly see yourself going
more or less
huh and like what what vision or like
what goals you have for yourself
personally so where do you see the unite
like what is exciting about the United
States right now cuz I mean yes things
are definitely scary right now things
are definitely scary
I think Allied ships a big thing that we
like that has I think awoken a lot of
people with what has happened recently
politically a lot of Allied ship has
come out of that like looking at it from
a glass half-full kind of way you're
being a real positive right now I gotta
be someone's gotta be somebody gotta be
okay
but like I've also noticed even within
this short time some of the best art
I've seen has come out some of that's
writing I've seen him come out like what
are you what are you doing I definitely
feel like we are more hyper aware of our
ability to create history and influence
that and that we do not want to be a
part of the bay as dj khaled puts it
right you know that when you read a
history book
there's the day who allowed you know
Nazi Germany to be a thing there's a
that allowed the Rwanda genocide to be a
thing you know there's just always
people that played into these really big
catastrophes and we realize that we
don't want to be identified as just the
general population who did nothing we
want to be the people who even if we
might not be successful in the short
term we went in the long term be
remembered for the work we did and so I
think there's a heightened sense of that
and that's why you're seeing a lot more
creativity come out um yeah I think on
the flip side I think part of when you
do realize like how bad things are
because we've been coasting we had it
like whoa I I'm I'm trying to hold off
on resenting the idea that my 30s will
be spent with this
happening like my pride right yeah and
it's like bag did I really just take all
the way for grants in the Obama era yeah
right yeah um cuz that was just a
beautiful like hope is a powerful drug
um and now because I'm so aware of
politics on the local and national level
that I'm like oh my gosh we are we I
think we're way deeper than people
realize we are in and it's I don't think
I made a list think about it though yet
like yeah if I could say it like we we
but we're something like we we really
are like it's bad it's really bad but I
do think that we are I also kind of have
more hope into people now though yeah I
feel like that was one of my critiques
of Obama I think he trusted people's
like ability to care too much
hmm and so it's not that I trust the
general population care that I do think
that more of the right people it would
be invested and worked and willing to
work in a way that really can push for a
change but is gonna be very
uncomfortable yeah I think we are going
to reach a peak and realize that things
just have to be dismantled and that we
are not going to be able to survive and
a system that we literally set up to a
press yeah
or press the people in general and so I
just need to see what that look like my
final question that I wanted to ask for
you is yeah
how can people support you how can
people support smart brown girl and the
movement so there's these they're
gorgeous they're wonderful you can lay
on them it's so beautiful you too can
buy one at shop smart promgirl.com
I also published a book it's available
on Amazon let's cross it on that said it
on calm it's cold send it on life is he
Angelou song it's a collation a short
story about a young woman coming into
her womanhood it's an emotional
and then my patreon and honestly you can
literally support by if you are into
what I talk about it if you are actually
into my content
it's what I'm not really interested in
like building my youtube channel bigger
really but I don't if I get more
subscribers I do I don't I'm more
interested in gauging and engaging me
like am i hearing you like and I don't
even really mind what people disagree
with me I know folks are scared to
comment but I love a good healthy debate
so it's not that I think you're like
horrible person said I like a good
debate and I will debate with you but um
I just generally like hearing for people
that watch like I don't know why black
women have such a fear of commenting in
the comments section that they're
watching because it's a two-way it's a
two-way street of inspiration yeah
definitely so links to your storm will
be in the description box you can check
out our head rocket Oriole Leslie
because Holly's help me do it
ha it's gonna be all never love you know
we step in the game up okay we'll see
you when we see you
