you're totally out the shot that's the
point this is about you I'm in this one
yeah yeah yeah so that's good it should
just be with you in my chest okay okay
we're gonna do this okay
Jules eh oh no Josie is on her channel
talking to me about headwraps
aha yeah and now on my channel I
actually just wanted to talk to her a
little bit more about smart brown girl
and everything she has going along with
that and what the goal is for that and I
guess to talk a little bit more about
the side of you that maybe is like
different from the content creation side
here suppose like trying to let people
see a little bit more into who you are
okay you know um and I just wanted to
start off with something simple because
you've lived in so many different places
so you've lived in the East
Northy Northeast and then now recently
you've moved for the last what few years
three yeah for those three you guys been
here for three years
yeah you've been down here and Texas and
to me it's just like I always find it
fascinating when people from the east
come down especially like below and hang
out with us - oh yeah um and like so
what fueled that move so I knew that I
went it I was tired of like living
someplace that was really expensive
I knew that my audience as I started out
with smart brown girl mission a lot of
my audience is in the southern United
States and we talked to black women
about success especially in
non-traditional career fields it's
always framed as they either live in New
York LA and then sometimes Atlanta
inside I probably if I was really gonna
start this movement about encouraging
black woman to be who they want it to be
I mean then why limit myself to only
staying in the North East they're only
staying in these cities and that's all
right well I need to be somewhere that
as a cultural hub and so at that point I
was like well there's Chicago New
Orleans Atlanta or Houston Houston has a
really rich culture it has a black
community and so I originally moved to
Houston I will say that I didn't
consider some things that when I moved
okay like why how difficult it is to
make new friends post-college
I mean and I think I was really spoiled
living in New York because I didn't
really go to college in New York I just
dropped out of college and then moved to
New York City and right now you're not
going to New York to stagnate you're
going in New York till I build your
career and so there's just a whole
different mindset about relationships
and you know social interactions so I
didn't really account for how that would
impact my ability to build a community
or my desire to build site community I
don't know that I made the best choices
when I moved to Houston about where to
live in style yeah so then but then so
you transitioned over to Dallas yes so I
moved to Dallas which is funny I move to
Houston for culture and I legit feel
like Dallas has no culture someone's got
a couple of me with that but you don't
is why industry is here the industry
that I work in like a lot like Mary Kay
is blinx not that I work on Mary Kay but
Mary Kay and Sally's beauty is
headquartered here so there's a lot of
influence or stuff that happens here and
a lot of times I was getting hit up for
stuff that people like oh you're in
Texas and it was in Dallas
it was very Dallas Center and I there
was a few contracts that I couldn't get
because I was a Houston and Houston is
considered a sub market Dallas
considered a primary market so then like
Tom talked to me a little a little bit
about smart brown girl in general like
what is your hope for smart brown girl
to become I know it already is something
and
great but like what do you what do you
hope for it to be like what's its ideal
grant there's no so many things that I
think smart brown girl can become I'm
just like you know I'm a thinker I'm a
creative but the actual management
function of it is like oh my gosh you
know I I think what my overarching
mission with smart brown girl is to
encourage critical thought I want us to
really be able to like think about how
things are interconnected and use that
as inspiration and use that to allow
ourselves to define ourselves mm-hmm Hey
and not get so caught up in just all
these societal norms that bind us in I
would like to like potentially build out
nothing there's gonna be a small brown
girls school but like workbooks and
workshops and stuff like that doing a
tour in the immediate future would be
cool doing smart Brown girl events just
providing more resources for black women
because I think a lot of times like kind
of where I'm at with smart brown girls
we have all these ideas and we literally
have no knowledge of where to start
yeah and it's not literally because
things aren't accessible to us sometimes
is that we just don't understand how the
pieces of the puzzle fit together yeah
and so providing the kind of like
knowledgeable resources with when you're
thinking about smart brown girl for the
future do you see it having like a
centralized location you know oh look I
live in Deep Ellum and there's like all
these like office spaces around here
like you know workspaces like with the
window just all open and I'm like hmm
but what will we be doing in the office
right like having programs well
obviously to run the website yeah I
would have to get an office so that
could be one function of it and also I
want there to be like a history
component like I don't think we have a
really great understanding of black
women in history I think
african-american
three has definitely hit a stride but
it's very male oriented yes and I don't
I think there's a lot of research woman
that is going and I would love to be a
part of that bringing it back into the
context of mainstream American history I
wonder like I guess who I wonder if it
would be because I creating curriculum
yeah creating curriculum or I could see
you partnering with like different maybe
they're watching women like different
museums or organization what some things
no really it's like the African American
History Museum you know and look at
American history and culture yeah aha
yeah partnering I have a meeting coming
up with them that I'm like I don't know
what's good on me but yes make this
happen
see ya every time I talk somebody about
applying for a doctoral program for my
PhD they're all like well way to do it
you're you too but I'm like nah but it
all ties it because it's like this thing
that I never knew could be yeah since
knowing that you don't really
technically like Dallas Emma you like
the place you live I don't like the
community in Dallas yeah yeah but also I
haven't I also have no desire for effort
into it right so where do you see where
do you see yourself in the next year you
see something stolen even in the next
year I mean what K will find - let's say
- then cuz I know you I know you're here
ideally I would like to get into a ph.d
program but that's five to seven years
yeah I'm 32 now girl at some point I
would like to find me a black man that
respects black women who loved me and
started a family that would be you know
I'm being taught a unicorn of a dream
but whatever um I don't think I'm gonna
find my dad stuff but yeah I would
definitely do that and start a family in
the process of pursuing my PhD and I
think it's kind of up in the air like do
I stay in Dallas I don't think I'm gonna
raise a family in death I'm not going to
raise a family in tax
yeah definitely not Dallas if I was
going to raise a family in Fayette Texas
I would go to back to Houston okay I
like this idea of community and I like
this idea of living amongst your
community like even whether your
community is your family your friends
you know having like these really strong
interpersonal bonds and like literally
living in the same neighborhood together
and something I read so something that
would really like drew me to your
channel when I first cuz uh you all
y'all probably don't even realize I
actually emailed jews√≠ out of the blue
did you yeah when we had dinner together
I knew who you were so I remember the
email because you were like oh my god
and I was like girl I watch your channel
I used to comment while you and Evelyn
when the collab series I mean I midnight
I knew who I was like she has so much
hair
she got all that hair no so like we had
dinner or whatever but like I think the
thing that drew me to your channel aside
from especially I think I actually
started I followed your channel
originally for like yes the hair but as
I as I saw you transitioning that was
actually what drew me more to you was
because it was like you were so
knowledgeable and yet still so
approachable so like I remember you've
talked about how like I don't come I
don't come from black excellence like
all this kind of stuff but it's like and
that and I think you I'm trying to
remember the context of the video wasn't
I don't think you're trying to like be
nurturing about it but like I think that
adds to your character and what makes
you so like valuable in the YouTube
space is that you're so approachable in
the way you talk about these topics and
that directly ties to where you came
from
like it's an asset you know like I'm not
bougie
but basically a compliment a long way to
go say that but yeah I want to be able
to like meet my audience right cuz I
think it means I don't need to be
complimented but it mean it means so
much to me that like I get to see who's
actually watching my channel yeah yes
you know cuz I get I'm inspired by y'all
to my final question that I wanted to
ask for you is yeah how can people
support you how can people support smart
brown girl and the movement so there's
these they're gorgeous they're wonderful
it's so beautiful you too can buy one at
shop smart promgirl.com
i also published a book it's available
on Amazon it's closeted on that said it
on Comm it's closed send it on life is
he Angelou song it's a collection of
short story about a young woman coming
into her woman has it's an emotional
story and then my patreon and honestly
you can literally support by if you are
into what I talk about it if you are
actually into my content its what I'm
not really interested in like building
my youtube channel bigger really but I
don't if I get more subscribers I do I
don't I'm more interested in gauge iment
like are you watching and engaging me
like am i hearing you like and I don't
even really mind when people disagree
with me I know folks are scared to
comment but I love a good healthy debate
so it's not that I think you're like
horrible person is that I like a good
debate and I will debate with you but um
I just generally like hearing for people
that watch I don't know why black women
have such a fear of commenting
section that they're watching well thank
you so much your links to her store will
be in the description box you can check
out our head rocket Oriole Leslie
because Holly's help me sew it ha it's
gonna be all never level you know we
step in a game up okay we'll see you
when we see you if you're interested in
seeing an extended version of my
interview with jewel Z head over to my
patreon account also in the comments
below let me know if you enjoyed this
content and you would like to see more
