there's something about the beach that
calls to me
the smell of that salty breeze that I
can almost taste on my lips as the
clouds begin to make their way inland
maybe they bring with them modest
showers for the day and maybe they don't
I can spend hours days at the beach
doing absolutely nothing digging my feet
into the sand and feeling the
granulations gently exfoliates and
filling the sheet of the Sun against my
warm skin
South Beach can be as loud or as quiet
as you want it to be the eclectic mesh
of cultures is unavoidable
English is practically a second language
to Spanish here and its presence of felt
even in the art
above anything else the goal for me with
any vacation is to relax and truly rest
but it's also to find new inspiration
venturing to a few museums is a must
wall away for me to help me find my
creativity and expose me to new ideas
I spent roughly eight days in South
Beach Miami Florida and by the time we
were packing up to leave I was ready to
come home I was ready and excited to
edit this video and share it with you
find your vacation however you can and
attempt to slow down breathe in and just
exist let me know in the comments below
how you relax and refresh
I'll see you when I see you
