hey everyone it's me hallease back with
another video I wanted to get on and
talk to you about the a 6500 and four
reasons why I think it is a great camera
for you have if you are an aspiring
videographer cinematographer producer
video film person or if you already kind
of actually kind of established reason
number one in-camera stabilization so
something that comes standard on the a
6500 is in-camera stabilization and what
that does is that just helps you while
you're shooting handheld to stabilize
the image so it's not too shaky now
using this in conjunction with a lens
that already has can't blend
stabilization as well and in conjunction
with things like premiere pros warp
stabilizer feature can be great the
thing about using warp stabilizer though
is you have to already have a steady
hand while you're shooting in order for
warp stabilizer in Premiere to be
beneficial to you the second thing that
makes the a 6500 a great camera is the
higher frame rates that you can shoot at
on this camera so something you probably
noticed about me with Veda is that I
tend to shoot a lot of slow-motion
footage now and a lot of that is because
I got the a 6500 it's really great at
shooting slow-mo footage you can shoot
60 frames per second 120 frames per
second and that just really adds a nice
flare to anything you're shooting
because you can now have those awesome
pans and tilts with again less shaky
footage because you're shooting at a
slower faster frame per second something
that I think is really unique to Sony is
that they start to give you these
features of in cameras camera
stabilization and higher frame rates at
a lower base model camera rather than
other brands
once again these these these tools and
these tricks help enable you as an
artist or a filmmaker or whatever you
want to call yourself to produce the
content produce the mood set the tone
that you want to set for whatever piece
you're trying to create so shooting at a
higher frame rate and having that
be available available to you and you're
running and gunning can't beat it
the third thing about the a 6500 that I
think is awesome is its ability to have
an external microphone attached to it so
before when I was shooting on my little
a5 thousands which I still shoot on this
is a 5000 as the camera - before when I
was shooting on those when I wanted to
have good audio I would have to set up a
second audio usually was my zoom h1 in
and then in post I would have to go in
and synced it - together usually using
PluralEyes but sometimes PluralEyes
would be kind of janky so I'd have to do
it the old-school way by claps and
things like that which could be really
frustrating not that it's necessarily
that much harder to sync footage but
again it's one more SD card you have to
think about it's you know one more thing
you gotta remember to drop it's one more
thing you got to remember to get and
organize and keep track of when you're
in your post-production process put the
a 6500 I just have an external mic
attached on top of it that I've talked
about the rode mic and the audio feeds
directly into the camera which makes it
easier for me when editing especially
when I'm running and gunning now that
I'm starting to do more of these
documentary style vlogs it's great to
have good audio just built into my
footage already that I can play around
without effects to dramatize a little
bit more you know it all works and it
all helps for you to be a one man or one
woman band you know which is really cool
I really appreciate that about the sony
a6000 and finally the last thing is 4k
capabilities now I wanted to save this
for last because I have a love-hate
relationship with 4k coming as someone
who got into film and video production
as an editor and as an assistant editor
and a dit dit is the person who manages
footage on a set as someone who got into
it doing those jobs primarily 4k is
annoying when you're editing and
creating an editing workflow with a lot
of fortunate footage you got to do
things offline and this is that whatever
it's just a lot to manage in the
post-production process depending on
where your your final product is going
to end up
a lot of gain you know for me personally
everything I shoot more or less is going
to end up online somewhere so my videos
here on YouTube are usually either 720p
or 1080p and no higher than that because
the reality is you're not even going to
if I shop in a 4k you wouldn't even
really get the full scope of it being in
4k unless you're watching that video on
your 65 inch screen TV or you're
watching it in the theater since I know
most of my stuff is only going to ever
get watched on a phone a tablet maybe
your laptop having 4k isn't necessary
but having 4k when you use it as a tool
the right way can be really helpful for
example Gehring Veda I shot a short film
called my name is Howie where I talk
about why I don't like it when people
try to create a nickname from my name or
try to shorten my name and it's a really
simple short film it's just me sitting
on this couch actually and you see the
camera slowly begin to zoom in on my
face as voiceover plays now I shot that
in 4k because I knew the end result was
only ever going to be in 720p and what
that allowed me to do was do that slow
zoom in for impact as my voiceover is
playing and not lose picture quality and
not have pixelation or anything like
that and I did that because I knew going
into shooting it that I was going to
want to do a slow zoom in and have that
momentum so I shot it in 4k and so
that's why I think having 4k can be a
great feature for this camera when you
use it you know when you when you use it
strategically you know say you're going
to be somewhere and you know you're
going to try to catch something that you
only have one time chance to get it you
know the end product is only ever going
to be at 1080p max go ahead and shoot it
in 4k why because then even though you
only got one chance to get it you set up
your shot now because your 4k frame is
this big
you have seven different shots within
one shot you can shoot you can show that
what's happening here you can show
what's happening here so what's
happening here can show the main thing
that's happening here
you have all these different shots even
though you technically only shot one
time so yeah those are my four things
one caveat I will say though too is keep
in mind that gear is expensive
I get that and so you want to try to
make an investment that is smart for
where you're at in what you're doing for
me I was using my a five thousand for a
few years I've been using them just to
shoot YouTube content primarily since
about 2014-2015 and it's now 2017 and I
still use them
I still use them for camera cue and they
weren't expensive they were 401 was $400
the other one I bought was off a
Craigslist for like $200 so I've really
gotten a great return on my investment
for how long I've had these cameras and
as you can see they still work and they
still produce great pictures and I still
use them so even now as they're obsolete
there's so a great tool for me to use to
tell the stories I want to tell at a
very low cost the only thing about them
was that I was noticing I couldn't tell
the stories as well as I wanted to tell
them because the tool was limiting in
certain ways and that's what made me go
to the age sixty-five hundred now keep
in mind because I had these Sony cameras
for so long I have started invest to
invest in different lenses and different
gear that are associated with Sony so I
kind of grandfathered my way into being
most a primarily Sony shop investing in
the a fifty five hundred made sense
financially for me because I already had
a great lens package and I already had
cameras that I was familiar with running
and working with all I had to do was buy
a new body and I think after I paid for
a two-year warranty and tax the a 6500
came out to a little under 2 grand
so you know it's an investment or think
about it this way I spent a little over
two grand and the reality is unless I
buy another a 6500 so my camera 2 and
camera 1 are completely identical I
won't need to buy a new camera again for
a good 5 years or so if not even more
frankly so keep that in mind as you are
looking to invest now if mom and dad are
bankrolling you or you've got a sugar
daddy sugar mama that's hooking you up
you know props do you boo
you know but for the rest of us who have
full-time jobs and you know use the full
time jobs to slowly fund the things we
like to do and for just slowly kind of
build build momentum and build content
and you know just keep slowly getting
more and more professional you know
making smart future-proof investments in
the gear that you have and maximizing
the gear that you have for as long as
you have is important so take everything
I'm saying about the sony a6000 500 with
a grain of salt if you know you're
pretty much primarily a canon person
because you've kind of grandfathered
yourself into Canon think about the
long-term benefit and go from there
so yeah that's me I just really wanted
to get on and talk about that just
that's like all I got to say about it
okay I'll see you when I see
