this is why I don't do daily vlogs
because Monday through Friday this is
more or less my existence
okay I want you do today when you do
they what do I need to do today I need
to finish the Edit on that video and
write pelo script gotcha ooh and shoot a
youtube video if I got the time but when
do I ever have the time when do I ever
have the time I wrapped up a few calls
got some video edits out the door and
proceeded to get turnt for the weekend
I'm just kidding my in-laws came into
town and I think we went to come a grill
and that's it
stop that was my Friday
I miss when iPhones are small you'll
notice I'm in bed but mr. hallease isn't
he abandoned me to go to the gym
something about staying fit and
attractive for mayor's from such
foolishness I don't know I took the time
alone to watch YouTube videos on the
phone without your buds we're talking
about sound effects audio and how
editing them together will make your
films and your YouTube videos and just
basically everything so much better I
recently discovered Peter McKinnon on
YouTube and I really like him because
he's like I know what is about his
Canadian folks but they're just so
likeable yeah like they're just so
likeable he never really says anything
that I don't already know as a
professional I just like him so I
watched his videos when I was going
through Veda and trying to like think
about how to shoot things more
creatively I would like go watch his
videos and be like channel him now do
b-roll I then turned on my Nike Plus run
Club at to see what run I needed to go
on for the day fun fact about me
actually really hate running I only do
it so that way my periods don't suck
every month and like I really hate it
he's running I hate running hey
gosh what a charge
to watch
let's see wonder what the genes right
and a queue
yeah yeah I mean my other presidents at
this
and
after spending some more time with my
in-laws
we all got dressed and ready to go to
Maggiano's to celebrate Mother's Day
because when we're all together in the
same city that seems to be what we do we
go to Maggiano's
mr. Ali's turned 30 during the week so
we belatedly celebrated that his parents
finally got to see my nephew and
everyone got a chance to catch up
what's incredibly amazingly awesome is
that all our families get along really
well that's something I really enjoy
about being married you get more people
in your life and your family just keeps
growing
just like yellow hisses yelling he's not
in like a natural blonde
30 given as I listened to my sister and
her husband discussed whether Donald
Trump's care was yellow or blond because
there is a distinction between the two
that is worth discussing on a ride home
I looked on my nephew who was now into
the resting shade say stage of his life
and marveled at the fact that he even
existed two months ago he wasn't even
here and now he's just here it's
completely new person like what is life
extra I call him extra now because he's
so extra half the time who are you who
will you be fool I be I don't know as I
continue to talk to him and ponder all
of these things he fell asleep because
that's what you do in a car when you're
two months and not driving you just
sleep mr. release and his fan bam went
to Catholic Mass while I ventured to the
family church to spend time with my mom
she cute we have a favor to ask just ok
carefully I present you a poorly taken
picture by the very nice police officers
say the officers watching over the
church at Mother's Day you want me to
give you a ride back up there ah ok yeah
yeah yes is this hot out here yes I said
I was freezing now I'm burning up again
yeah I need a little encouragement too
although I think they really enjoy
coming here with a lot of times they
come up for the service and stuff and
they City and I'm part of the service oh
do they oh yeah usually they usually
take Therese and olive back and one of
them is back there and they'll stayed
till about also they don't think I have
to switch off back and forth because of
the traffic
after leaving church I met back up with
mr. Leeson we adopted we adopted real
hard y'all I'm talking plan meals for
the week I'm talking fiscal
responsibilities as they pertain to food
and necessary household items the
mundane joys of building a life with
someone when we got the meals for the
week we only like to face dreaming
because there's another one in there for
applause
and if we're good doing laundry hood up
if anything we would just need some more
dryer sheets I think we're starting to
get low still have to leave
I think Oh
oh it's going to grab a doughnut that's
right I'm sure
hey ho ho
they have a magazine now yeah
like paper and that was my Mother's Day
weekend I hope all of the mothers out
there had a great weekend as well I'll
see you when I see
