now that my locks are over a year old
and more or less completely formed I've
started to incorporate lock brushing
into my regimen I have produced a lot of
seedlings that has trouble moving down
the shaft of my hair and instead will
stay localized causing build up issues
I've incorporated lock question to help
better distribute the natural oils
throughout my hair if you're going to
incorporate lock brushing into your
regimen you'll want to use a soft
bristle brush something that isn't too
rough to the touch mine is made of boar
bristles and I purchased it from Sally's
a good test when trying to find a brush
is to rub the bristles against the back
of your hand
how does it feel if it's not too rough
on your skin it's probably pretty good I
usually brush my locks a couple of times
a week when my hair is dry and also
before and after washing when my hair is
damp it's a great way to help minimize
the chances of lint getting caught and
staying in your locks each time I brush
I go row by row in the direction I want
my locks to lay I start from the wrist
and just work my way down on the shaft
of my hair something else you can do is
spritz your hair with your favorite
moisturizer or oil before brushing so
everything gets evenly distributed I've
found that using my rose water as a
sprig and then brushing keeps my hair
moisturized for days longer than just
using a spritz on its own my locks have
mobility and they feel nice and soft to
touch if your semi-free forming with
thicker locks like me I think a lot
brushing can also help with keeping your
parts separated and curb some of that
frizzing if frizz bothers
have you tried lock brushing let me know
in the comments below
