so a question that I seem to be getting
asked a lot on my videos is how do you
edit videos and on the one hand I
appreciate the question because that
means that my videos are being edited so
well that you feel that I am a resource
to come to write which thank you thank
you
but inevitably I don't really know how
to answer that question because I feel
like you probably already know how to
edit videos you know you go out and you
get some footage from somewhere whether
it be on your phone or on a DSLR or an
SLR a mirrorless camera or
point-and-shoot whatever maybe you
purchase it online wherever you get some
footage you then drop that footage into
some kind of editing software I use
Premiere Pro but there's many others
Final Cut Pro 10 iMovie iMovie is now on
your iPhone so then you put the footage
into whatever editing platform you're
using you play around with it until you
get something that you like or at least
something that is maybe beginning to
somewhat resemble how you envisioned and
you post it or maybe you don't post it
and you made it purely for yourself and
you just watch it on your phone whenever
you want to you because it's yours and
you made it and you know you make art
for yourself who cares if someone else
sees it you know and that's it but I
feel like that's not the answer y'all
want to hear I feel like I feel like
y'all want me to kind of hold your hand
through this process and the reality is
I'm not gonna do that
that's that's just not what I'm gonna do
now I will help you I will I will
definitely help you what's what are some
of the theories of behind editing you
know I can answer that I'll need a dust
off my notes from college and film
school because now a lot of the theory
is just second nature I incorporate it
into videos without even really thinking
about it anymore I'll need a like reread
in the blink of an eye and all that kind
of stuff again but I can come back to
you and we can talk about different
theories behind editing and how you can
then incorporate them into your own
edits to make them better or maybe
you're more the vocational route which
is how most people get into this anyway
most successful people that I have met
that are in film and video production or
creators and things like that have
started off doing this as a hobby or
just something that they were interested
in and maybe they had some mentorship
along the way but for the most part
they're self-taught so if there's
something specific you need you know how
to import footage better into premiere
what's the standard workflow or specific
things like that I'm more than happy to
put together a kind of tutorial for you
because honestly it also keeps me sharp
in my editing skills because I've been
up doing this for so long professionally
you can get kind of rusty actually which
is why it's just another reason of why I
have a youtube channel I just feel like
you should take the first step though go
out and shoot something something simple
and by iMovie on your iPhone or if you
probably have any kind of MacBook device
I think you already have iMovie on it or
maybe you've got a little bit of coinage
and you can buy Final Cut Pro 10 I think
it's like 300 dollars or something like
that to give you an idea of where Final
Cut Pro 10 has come from that Final Cut
Pro 7 is what I learned how to edit on
and a few iterations before that and
that platform cost upward of $2000 when
I was in
Final Cut Pro 10 is something
ridiculously inexpensive now it's like
300 bucks it's like crazy to me
but that's the beauty of editing video
and being in video is that it's
constantly changing the technology now
is enabling so many different kind of
people with so many different economic
backgrounds to get into it really easy a
lot easier than when I was starting out
even which isn't that long ago it's
never been easier just start it up just
go out and shoot something your phone is
amazing it can shoot great stuff I mean
you know throw it into whatever editing
software you have and just start playing
with it you know just start just just
just start that's the answer to editing
videos you just start and when you start
and you play around in that editing
software for a few hours you will start
to have very specific questions of
things you would like me to answer for
you and when you do come back to this
video put it in the comments below and I
will be excited so excited to answer
those questions or maybe I won't even
know and we will figure it out together
so I guess that's my biggest thing I'm
not gonna hold your hand but I am more
than willing to help I just want to see
that you are taking the first step in
order to do it I mean I there's this
great interview by Ava Duvernay I'll
play it right now for you from Ava Ava
is Bay tell us how to do it some people
get lucky but most of us have to do it
for ourselves and the sooner you realize
that let me step out and begin just
begin you will start to find your
momentum I mean it's a very simple piece
of advice but so often I hear people
saying oh how do I get started how do I
do this
how do you do it you just start you have
to begin and it won't be perfect and
it'll be messy and it'll be hard but
you're doing something in your on your
way and that's I honestly that's the
truth
I mean you just start that's how you
start editing videos is you start
editing videos I'm sure that's not the
answer y'all want but it's the right one
so that's but when I'm gonna give you I
feel like what you're asking me is how
do I get motivated that night I can't
help
so yeah that's me I'll see you when I
see you which will be tomorrow because
it's Veda
