so it's officially been two and a half
years since I started my locs and I
figured it was time to update you all on
my regimen
I've come full circle in regards to
products I first started using Carol's
daughter's black vanilla moisture and
shine back when it was around 20 dollars
a bottle at Sephora in 2008 college me
rejoices that it's widely available now
at CVS Walgreens and Target for around
ten dollars today y'all caught me doing
a deep-clean
which I try to do once a month I use
Neutrogena Zadie residue shampoo for my
first wash to help break down any
build-up that's been hiding in my locs
usually in the form of sediment due to
the hard water it's an intense shampoo
but it really does help keep everything
in check and provide a nice reset for my
locs especially now that I'm running
consistently again I always make sure to
squeeze the shampoo through my roots all
the way to the ends of my locs
so I know it's working its way all the
way through my hair
the second shampoo I use the Carol's
Daughter on moisturizing shampoo because
of the deep clean from Neutrogena two
pumps is more than enough to get an
intense lather I love the way the
shampoo smells it lingers on my hair in
the best way I get compliments on the
smell pretty regularly the vanilla mixes
well with my natural odor one of y'all
reached out to me on Instagram asking my
advice about being semi freeform and I
want to remind you that being semi
freeform is not for everybody
you should consider your hair type and
density before going freeform I have
thick coarse hair that loves being
locked so much so that even though I
haven't done a traditional retwist in
over two years
my new growth is only ever one or two
inches long my hair is naturally growing
into each LOC little to no maintenance
is required by me not everyone's hair
does that
if you're noticing your hair is thinning
after you've been free forearm to semi
freeform for a while then it's probably
the best that you maintain your head
every month or two even if it's just
doing a quick touch-up with water
something to help train and maintain
your hair to grow into the locks unless
you're on a completely freeform journey
in which case it becomes less about
achieving a certain aesthetic and more
about trying to embrace your hair in its
completely unhindered State I follow up
with the same Carol's Daughter leave-in
conditioner again mostly for its water
solubility and the smell then I add a
light oil right now I'm using grapeseed
I work all of this into my hair with a
brush to make sure the products get
evenly distributed from roots to tips
there's no wrong way to have locs
some people have locks that are very
maintained whether it be of their own
design or going to a lot Titian and then
there's people like me who started them
and just maintain them when it feels
like it's time it's a process that
consists of trial and error so if
something isn't working for you that's
okay just shift in the comments below
let me know what you're trying to work
through with your locs and I'll see you
and I see you
you
