mr. Hollis is from Laredo Texas a city
that sits right at the border before you
enter Mexico it's about a two and a half
hour drive from San Antonio I'm kinda
like this yeah we don't know we don't
leave that's fine mom stick is easy or
hard or whatever is he here for you
supposed to do it I don't I don't know a
lot of the culture is built around food
food is how you show prosperity and
gratitude food is how you show love and
appreciation food is how you bring
everyone together so whenever we come
down there is a lot of food to be had
but it's not just about eating the time
spent preparing the food with the people
closest to you is just as important as
the meal itself the insight you have it
kidneys kidneys this is the liver into
the lungs in the heart in the heart the
oldest will be cut if there will be
enough of me America veto mr. Hollis his
mother loves to cook and prepare food
both of Hispanics do actually they
purchased this goat for us to freeze and
take back to San Antonio so we can have
Kimiko to grill at home
one of my favorite places to eat when we
come down to Laredo is taco Surabhi now
I'm not going to sit here and tell you
that they have the best tacos in all of
Texas I'm not stupid enough to make such
a bold Proclamation especially as
someone who is born and raised here in
the state but I will say this when I'm
in Laredo no matter how long or how
short the trip I will make sure to make
time to go and eat at least one moya
heckle from tacos Ravi if you ever find
yourself in Laredo for whatever reason
check them out
what's the portal Truscott oh man okay
see nothing against it okay okay okay
130 for those 100 100 200 400 baht for
$12 teen Jeep
mr. Hollywood father is a retired police
officer for the railroad so he's always
had a service dog outside Tiger is one
of the last dogs he had before he
retired well yes he is technically
trained to hurt you on command he's
actually a really sweet dog and is
living at his old age here in their
backyard German Shepherds are really
sweet dogs and can be extremely loyal
loving and devoted family members you
just have to have the right skills to
raise them she's very happy here and she
keeps Tiger on his toes which is good
for an aging dog like older
oh maybe I haven't seen those pictures
in a while and over the pics with the
piano girl looks cold
yeah we should hang deletion angered yes
and this one is is monochrome you take
item yes go out for the kitchen 45 9
power
and it's up in the mountains for my
birthday in December
oh I'm next year this year I'm gonna be
60 gonna be 60 because of the mountains
what the dimensions were you made will
complete their the whole Christmas
season which now this is Rihoko I mean
I'm not giving up I'm not dead I went to
Colorado
that one post here
and my one years
I'll keep you
if you have a mother-in-law who loves to
cook like mine the best thing you can do
is the dishes without being prompted
just walk over there start helping and
just do them because again preparing the
food is just as important as the meal
and chances are she's going above and
beyond what's normal because you're here
right now it's Easter Sunday so mr.
Hollis is onkled the oral helio usually
hosts the barbeque at his home they live
right next door good morning
everyone is up preparing food yodel
heylia like mr. hallease and most of the
men in his family takes his grilling
very seriously he'll be cooking a goat
or cow burritos via an inverted hit ha
ha
our father-in-law is roasting some
peppers real quick to take back next
door for salsa
my daughter's all ours no I'm gonna
change you have to write I'm not me are
you doing just enough to help me hide a
bit when we will get organ
nono not-not-not very nice you don't
really hide the eggs per se because
there are so many you just kind of
scatter them around the yard you haven't
lived until you've seen adult men and
women find their inner children via
gasket on it
it's always nice to come down and see
mr. hallease his family here in Laredo
because they're just that they're a
family
they have kooky cousins and funny aunts
and everything a family is supposed to
have they're all the reason I'm trying
to learn Spanish because through
marriage they're my family tuna
ah
