forgot about the honey
so I've been participating in Lent with
my husband for the last month for those
of you who don't know lint lasts about
40 days leading up to Resurrection
Sunday or Easter Sunday usually you'll
hear people giving up things like
smoking cursing cookies or Facebook
during this time a lot of people use it
as a time to break away from their vices
things they shouldn't really be doing
anyway and need that extra push to break
away from it I see lint as a time of
suffering the forty days leading up to
Lent are supposed to replicate the days
that Jesus was in the desert and Satan
was trying to tempt him
so my understanding is that you're
supposed to suffer and from that
suffering you should gain a greater
understanding about yourself and the
world around you so we decided to follow
the Roman Catholic practice for Lent
this year and we fasted we've been on a
reduced diet of one meal a day for us
that one meal is dinner and during the
day two small meals that together do not
equal a full meal so basically two
snacks hunger hunger is interesting it's
one thing to forget to eat a meal which
I often do actually but it's another
thing entirely to make a conscious
decision not to eat the first week was
all about adjusting physically and
mentally
my stomach shrank my body fat began to
redistribute and I learned to be
comfortable with hungers constant
presence in my life I learned to focus
in spite of it
oh that's a bit too much
by weeks 2 & 3
it became my constant companion and
while it sting wasn't as strong anymore
I found myself constantly thinking of
others who didn't go through this by
choice who didn't have access to food
like I did
The Hunger also transferred to other
aspects of my life I found myself more
focused on work in progress hungry to be
more productive hungry to maintain and
grow my personal relationships and
hungry to help those around me this
isn't a sustainable way to live and I'll
be happy when Easter comes in this
Sunday marking the end of the fast but
I'll also miss it the spiritual clarity
the difference in perspective and
frankly also the privilege check let's
cooked on the way let's do break you see
these are done then
did you participate in lent this year
let me know in the comments below about
your experience
