my vlogging setup for Veda this year
take to one of my personal goals this
year has been to invest more in myself
and for me the best way to do that is
gear now I'm not going to sit here and
say that gear doesn't matter it it does
matter but not in the way that I think
that people think it matters gear helps
enable you to create the art in a new
and interesting way that being said
spending five ten thousand dollars on
gear when you weren't going to create it
anyway is pointless you buy the gear
because whether or not you have it
you're going to go out and create it and
the gear helps you create what you're
trying to create easily and more
effectively if the gear you are
purchasing does not do that then you are
wasting your money I also want to remind
you that I'm a professional video
producer so for me investing in gear is
part of my livelihood if this was just a
hobby for me and not a career I wouldn't
have nearly as much gear as I do which
compared to others on this platform is
still not a lot of gear the gear enables
you it doesn't define you your ideas
define you so I'm still paying off Jeff
right now which is my maverick pro drone
from DJI but I started having all these
ideas for videos that I couldn't easily
create on my current Sony NEX cameras so
for Veda I did
to rent the Sony a 65 hundred rent in
you is a great way to try out gear for a
lower price rather than purchasing it
outright especially if money as a factor
for you I rented this camera through
borrow lenses it came with a body only a
battery and the battery charger renting
this camera made sense for me because
I've already been interested in
purchasing this camera after I paid down
Jeff and I already own three Sony
e-mount lenses that I use with my skinny
X cameras I have a fixed wide-angle lens
a mid-range lens that I'm mostly used
for the vlogging that's around 18 to 55
millimeters and to have a telephoto lens
that's around 210 millimeters what the
upgrade in this camera I can move away
from any camera audio which sounds like
this which is terrible to mounted audio
that feeds directly into it I use this
rode video microphone for that it's semi
directional gives me great audio
directly into the camera so I don't have
to sing sound anymore
finally for most of these mini doc
you've logged that I've been making this
week I've predominantly been using my
gorilla pod I love this thing because it
allows you a lot of versatility in a run
and gun style and so you're not bogged
down by a traditional tripod that's just
clunky and just takes up too much space
frankly it can turn into a makeshift
steady camera which I really love it
wrap around things and it has a leveler
when I'm not using the gorilla pod I'm
using my vo Vanguard monopod again low
footprint easy access easy to travel
with and once again this gear enables me
to actually go out shoot using a
traditional tripod I wouldn't go out and
shoot with it because it's too clunky
and too in the way I also supplement
this by just using my
I have an iPhone seven and a second
little Gorillapod for it it's magnetic
so I can quickly attach it to things as
well and again it my iPhone enables me
to go out and shoot in a quick run and
gun environment which is what you want
you want the gear you have to actually
enable you it does you no good if it's
not functional and that's it this is my
current setup for producing videos on
this channel at least during Veda until
I have to
you know ship back the a65 function
which I'll be so sad about if you're
interested in purchasing any of this
gear I have left Lisa in the description
box which by the way I do that for every
video I produce on this channel if
you're curious on how to support me
purchasing this gear through those links
if you are already interested in
purchasing it helps me a lot too also if
there are any tips tricks or tutorials
you would like me to produce on this
channel let me know in the comments
below I'll see you when I see you which
will be tomorrow
