my name is Hollies people tend to try to
shorten it they'll call me Hal or Hall
or Hali that's not my name my name is
Hollies there is no nickname
there is no abbreviation you say the
whole thing like A Tribe Called Quest
police
my name is important to me because my
name tells a story it tells her story
first question when and where were you
born
mazie of North Carolina what year 1933 I
was named after her my mother's mother's
a feisty little woman that married a
jazz man who had no concept of an inside
voice I feel free besides all the head
and who passed away a few years ago
my name is her legacy I am her legacy in
our society women rarely get the honor
to pass on a name
all right entity through our names all
but disappears once we say I do so I'll
say it again
my name is Hollies there is no nickname
there is no abbreviation you say the
whole thing like A Tribe Called Quest
Polly's
