getting it to running was gradual I've
never been a fan of the gym but I knew
that if I didn't make staying active a
priority it wouldn't happen last year I
downloaded and started using the Nike
Plus run Club app to train for a 10k and
it was a really interesting experience
this year I plan to use the app to train
for a half marathon I don't really care
about the actual races that much I've
never been a very competitive person
they just seem to give me a tangible
goal to strive for which makes me more
willing to follow the plan the app has
set out for me I work best when there's
a concrete benchmark I'm trying to hit
or surpass not when I'm making abstract
goals like get better at running or work
out more because you can't really great
that you can't really measure progress
in that and you can't really say I
achieved that for the half marathon in
July I'd like my average pace to be
around 9 minute miles but we'll see how
it goes
I like running because you're really
only competing against yourself most of
the time so much of it is mental more
than physical getting comfortable with
the idea of being uncomfortable I also
use my runs as time for meditation and
prayer to think about and reflect on the
day and my life I started a running
playlist via my Spotify account the link
to it is in the description box if the
spirit moves you add some of your
favorite running tunes for me to listen
to
you
