hey Ellis holy it's been 10 months since
I started walking my hair and so I
wanted to show you all how I keep my
hair moisturized in between washes and
after I wash links to all the products I
use will be in the description in box I
have oily skin and really thick seasons
that often times kanpei traps at the
roots of my hair more so now that I have
locks again and I'm drying time for a
half marathon so using oils like shea
butter and coconut oil on my scalp is
not an option for me instead I opt for a
very light water-based moisturizer that
I applied directly to my scalp and
supplement that with an essential oil
that's high and antimicrobial properties
and stimulating so to start I use
rosewater now you don't need to use your
water it just get a really clean water
this build is probably best I just like
using rosewater because it's already
distilled and it has a nice aroma
next I add vegetable glycerin this is
what helps lock in the moisture for me
it's a humectant and it's water soluble
it actually combines with the rose water
unlike oil the fat mix but rather after
shaking just dispersed infuse water and
then once we sit it back down separate
again it's also worth noting my location
I live in tensions where the humidity is
pretty mild with a few spikes every now
and then which helps enhance how well
the glycerin works in my hair if you
live in a dry place glycerin may not
work for you it'll end up pulling the
moisture out of your hair and into the
atmosphere rather than taking a little
moisture that's in the atmosphere and
pulling it into your hair so once we get
our dry summer season here in Texas I
stopped using glycerin next I add 10
drops of rosemary oil rosemary is a
great scalp simulator and can actually
help aid in hair growth it also is an
antimicrobial which is great for me
since I'm training and running outside
consistently I have Stick hair that
traps everything sweat dirt grime
everyday the rosemary oil is really
helping me keep my scalp clean in
between washes finally the help feel and
put a very
small amount of apricot oil someone was
extremely oily skin finding the right
oil to use the key you want to go some
oil that is light and can be absorbed
especially so apricot oil grapeseed oil
avocado oil all worked great on me and
my skin I actually use apricot oil daily
after I could add a shower to moisturize
I shake it up and use the applicator to
target this mix directly on my scalp
making sure to massage it I'll also take
a little bit in my hands and work that
into the shaft of my locks as well
I then follow up with a little bit more
apricot oil to help seal it all in but I
focus it away from my scalp and only on
the shaft on my hair
and that's it that is how to keep my
hair moisturized in between washes and
after a wash
I hope yourself I'll see you in a few
feel free to follow me on social media
at the spirit moves view I try to push
out new videos every Monday at noon the
like don't quote me on that I'm in these
streets I'm trying to live my life and
trying to be somebodies
