20-17 goals take one hey everyone it's
me hallease if you want to see my 2016
review head to the Eye of Sauron it is
there so yeah for 2017 what we about to
do now what we about to do now so there
are a few things in 2017 that I want to
project you know every day and hopefully
achieve in 2017
the first thing I want to do is learn
Spanish and I'm going to explain why as
on no mr. hallease is is of the Latin X
variety a lot of his extended family
while they do knows English their
predominant language is Spanish and so
it's really frustrating for me to come
down to Laredo and spend time with them
and there is literally a language
barrier a lot of the time I do know some
Spanish I can understand it relatively
well I just can't like respond back to
you you know learning Spanish has
literally been a resolution that I have
made for myself easily since like 2010
this time I want to be serious about it
so that way by the end of the year when
it is the holiday season again and we
are back in Laredo again I can actually
converse with people better than I do
now
because what usually inevitably happens
is we go down for the holiday season and
that is the moment when I'm like ah I
should have been better about doing
duolingo I should have been better about
reading news in SLO Spanish calm I
should have been better about you know
watching a telenovela with English
subtitles like I should have been better
you know so this year don't get got I'm
gonna try to stay on my grind and learn
this other language the second thing is
a spirit of giving I am very grateful
with the hand that I have been dealt in
this life you know I
a young professional and relatively
accomplished I'm in the healthfully
middle class and I'm just grateful for
that and I think with that comes a
responsibility to pay it forward and to
be better about helping those that have
not been dealt such a great hand so a
personal goal I have for myself is to
volunteer once a month somewhere and
then also the other thing I am probably
going to do and incorporate into this
channel and my social media is the
spirit of giving
I will try more or less once a month to
give something away somehow either on
this channel or on my facebook Instagram
and I guess Twitter it could something
could pop up on Twitter I don't know so
I guess like follow me on social media
spirit moves you whatever number three
goal of 2017
is kind of like getting more in the
minimalism someone I follow on here is
Jenny mustard I really enjoy her
minimalist channel she's serious with
the minimalism she's so so sir I'm not
at that level oh not at that level but I
appreciate the ideas of minimalism and
not letting your things dictate so much
of your life unfortunately as a video
producer
I have things like I have to have things
a little bit I have to have a lot of
equipment gear where possible I want to
minimalize so that way that I can focus
on things that truly matter for me it's
about spending money more on experiences
and not seeing things get rid of the
things that don't bring me joy in my
life that is something in 2017 that I
will strive for the ideas of minimalism
and applying them to my life where I can
also like I said you know growing
spiritually growing as a person in
general it's a journey and
um in 2016 I discovered Thomas frankly
who Thomas Frank who is all about being
the best version of you more
business-focused and like production
focus and I really enjoyed his channel I
really in 2016 I really began to
incorporate a lot of his ideas into my
daily life and saw results and I want to
continue that I always want to be
content with where I am amen always be
content with where I am but also strive
to be better so I am starting off 2017
with some light reading that I want to
share with y'all now I'm currently
reading this book right now about
halfway done is smarter better faster by
Charles Duhigg am I saying anyway
Charles do you think let me know got
this book from a good friend onna it was
on my reading it was on my Amazon
wishlist and she hooked me up thanks boo
the secrets of being productive in life
and business and I am already like
getting so much from this book the
second book I am reading got this for
Christmas from the mama is the seven
Habits of Highly Effective People by
Stephen Covey's hope I'm saying your
name right Stephen powerful lessons in
personal change and I haven't started
reading this one yet but I shall because
I'm super excited I've heard nothing but
good things about this book and I'm just
trying it like I'm just out here trying
to be better you don't say it I'll share
trying to be somebody trying to be
better finally you know like I said
always trying to be better for me my
faith is a big part of who I am
spirituality my faith in Jesus Christ is
important to me so I am also reading
this book a return to love by Marianne
Williamson
I've already started reading it like
that's where I'm trying to be and 2017
spiritual growth emotional growth
productivity growth business growth but
I'm just trying to grow
and then thing I'm really trying to
embody is like be ready so you ain't
gotta get ready you know like don't get
got you know I think for me how I to tie
that into like my spirituality in my
faith is that you know God sends us
messages God sends us opportunities but
is we ready to receive them though you
don't say like I'm just trying to make
sure that I'm ready to receive when it's
time for Scott to be like hey you could
actually be a blessing to that person
and I'm like and I'm ready to receive it
amen
self growth I think will be the theme
for 2017 for sure for sure um in the
comments below let me know what
resolutions you have this year you know
what are you trying to accomplish what
you're trying to do what you tend to be
about you know the give away take
something look trying to be in this peer
to give an almost forgot to tell y'all
about the damn giveaway in the spirit of
giving the first giveaway for this year
will be this book smarter faster better
by Charles Duhigg I will I have an extra
copy I will send it to you what you need
to do to get this book to do this where
do I put this giveaway let's do it on
Facebook yeah all right so the giveaway
will be on my facebook I will have a
photo of this book on my Facebook page
and Boop here we go here we go here we
go okay so there will be a photo of this
book on my Facebook page go to that
photo comment but here's what you got to
do comment nominating who you think
should get the book and why
pay it forward fan nominate somebody be
the blessing to somebody else so again
let's review picture of this book will
be on my Facebook page comment with who
you think should get the book and why
tag them if you can so that way if they
do get the book I can message them
directly get their address all that fun
stuff and yeah that's how we don't do
this first giveaway via the Facebook
page link to my facebook page down below
in the comment section and with that I
will see you when I see you feel free to
follow me on social media if the spirit
moves you I try to push out new videos
every Monday at noon but like don't
quote me on that I'm in these streets
I'm trying to live my life I'm trying to
be somebody above all things I will see
you when I see
