eight months locked take - my take - so
it's officially been eight months since
I started locking my hair you can check
out the full journey in the eye of
Sauron
so yeah laughs you things have changed a
few things have changed this month I
actually retouched my hair for y'all so
I went through it over the last two
nights and re interlocked to my hair one
thing I will say about interlocking is
it's a little more tedious but you don't
have to do it as often I tried to go
back to my previous videos and figure
out when was the last time I had
actually interlocked my hair and I
couldn't figure it out so I want to say
it's been at least two months probably
three could be four and now that it is
retouched there's more movement you know
because there's movement so that's cool
and I'm also getting to feel the length
you know the length that I'm at now
because I had that much new growth that
after I finished retouching everything
was like oh it's longer you know my hair
is legitimately longer now you know I
have kind of left the cute pixie stage
you know and now I'm but I'm not quite
into a bob stage so I'm just kind of
like a prepubescent boy right now which
is awkward this is something I remember
from my first journey being at this
length and it is just like it's not long
enough to put it up you just kind of
just have this like just boy mop thing
going on for a while so yeah that's
what's going on another thing that has
changed is I think in the last video I
show John my wash routine and how I use
Head & Shoulders and things like that
and that has changed I don't use head
and shoulders anymore this past month I
have been experimenting with just using
a laughy is african black soap bar on my
entire body so to move away from here
for a second and just wrap which all
about like where I'm at mentally in my
life I've been kind of like for the last
six months or so I've been leaning more
towards a minimalistic mindset a
minimalistic point of view not only in
my hair care but just trying to be more
minimalistic in my life in general with
my haircare something that always has
bothered me is the fact that I couldn't
just use one thing
to wash myself my entire body and with
the african black soap that's what I do
now I use that black soap bar to clean
my scalp clean my hair clean my face I'm
working on updating y'all on my skincare
regimen because like yo I don't know if
y'all notice before the past like four
months my skin has been whack like my
skin has been trash I'm working on it
though and then we're using the african
black soap to wash my body as well at
first it was a little rough for the
first two weeks I mean for my body it
was fine but for my hair it was a little
rough for the first two weeks because
you know when you're going from
something as intense as head and
shoulders to something like really
organic essentially there's gonna be
some bounce back they're gonna there's
gonna be some blowback and you get us a
lot with people that go from using
shampoos regularly to going towards like
water only washing they try like a water
only washing regimen for a while your
body has been overcompensating with the
amount of sebum it's been producing
because you're using such a harsh
chemical - washer here and so once you
stop doing that your body is still
overcompensating and it's gonna take a
while for it to balance back out to what
it should actually be and that's
essentially what happened to me it took
about two weeks and I had like obscene
amounts of sebum on my hair like I was
having to stand under the shower and
really like get it to just spread and
come down you know and part of that is
also because I do have a bit of a scalp
condition where the sebum I produce in
general is just very thick and it can't
get off of my scalp which is why
build-up is always something I'm
conscious of but with the head and
shoulders I just felt like you know I
had been using it two times a week
mostly because I was trying to be
proactive in combating any issues I
could possibly have from working out so
consistently that I think I kind of
overdid it and so that was what made me
shift to the african black soap only and
that's what i'm using now and my hair is
thanking me for that my scalp still a
little upset I'm not holding out and
saying that I won't use head and
shoulders like once a month or something
like that but for now my scalp seems to
be okay with it you know
and my hair seems to be very happy with
it the head and shoulders even though I
diluted it it still would be very harsh
and it was still really hard to get my
hair back to a good moisture level after
I washed it and by the time I did it was
time to wash it again so now that I've
moved to something a little more mild
like so african black soap which is
still give african black soap cleans
your head like it cleans it's just not
too stripping but it's intense like it's
a strong soap and my hair is maintaining
moisture the shafts in my hair
maintaining moisture a lot better now
and that's pretty much it I'm using a
laugh he has a freaking black soap on my
hair I finally retouched it because I
needed to to get it just ready for the
New Year Happy Christmas aunt Aquatica
if you don't celebrate anything during
this time of year happy winter solstice
to you blessings to you all in the new
year I'm pretty sure this is the last
video of the year for me so I'll see you
all in 2017 amen amen
I'll see you when I see you don't forget
to start your week with me I push out
new videos every Monday at noon central
time and make sure to follow me on
social media so you can stay in tune
with everything I've got going on I'll
see you when I see you
