chin care training take one hey everyone
it's me Elise I wanted to get on and
just kind of talk to you about how I am
trained for a 10k earlier this year mr.
hallease ran a 10k for prostate cancer
awareness here in San Antonio and
honestly I just kind of got bit by the
the run bug I've always just kind of run
just to you know maintain a certain
level of physical health and never in
any kind of competitive setting at all
and so I don't know I just thought it
would it would be a good way to sort of
challenge myself you know I mean I'm a
video producer and an editor and so for
me my job is very sedimentary I'm just
sitting here at my desk working eight
hours a day and so I've really begun to
try to figure out activities I can do or
goals I can try to reach to that
inadvertently helped me stay active so
joining a soccer team a few a year ago
two years ago was really big for me
because it became about just getting
better at soccer to be good to be a good
player for the team rather than I want
to get in shape you know so yeah to
train for the 10k I've never trained for
any kind of sort of you know long
distance in my long distance run usually
if I do run I run for about two miles
and I'll finish my two miles in about 15
minutes or so so you know my pace isn't
that good I'm like I'm at like a nine
minute mile
but I can but I can run two miles
without stopping I can do that so um
I've got like I said I've never trained
for anything like this before so I
immediately wanted to look for tools
that I could use to help me train for
this and the only free tool that I knew
about and have been using to train for
this 10k so far is the Nike running Club
app they have this really cool algorithm
and built into the app where you tell it
what you're trying to train for give it
a little bit of information about
yourself your height your weight how
many miles you run on average per week
and
then it builds a regimen for you based
off of that and I've essentially just
been following that I believe I'm at
week four of its eight-week training
regimen it uses a combination of runs
tempo runs where it wants you to run at
a certain pace level benchmark runs
where it essentially checks in to see if
your speed your endurance all of that
stuff has gotten better since the
previous week recovery runs which it
wants you to run at a very at a
significantly slower pace and then they
also have like endurance and like
distance type runs where it starts
saying like run further for longer that
sort of thing the Nike running Club app
also works in conjunction with the Nike
Training Club app which I have as well
so last week it actually wanted me to do
a Nike Training Club workout as one of
my exercise days that was actually
really cool because it really got me
stretched out really well which was nice
I don't know how well I am doing
necessarily because usually at the most
it has me running for 20 I think the
longest I've run so far is 20 minutes
and in that 20 minutes I ran a little
bit over two miles
so that's lengthwise that's as far as
I've gone but I actually think this week
it wants me to run for four miles
straight which I'm a little terrified
about because I've never run that far so
hopefully that goes well another thing
I've been doing to try to make sure that
I am ready and just putting myself in
the best physical condition to do this
run that I can is been trying to like
drink enough water if you follow me on
snapchat you'll see my little updates of
either a video or a picture of me
showing you how much water I've drank
and ounces so because I weigh about
eight 118 pounds I weigh about 118
before my weight I should be drinking
anywhere from like 60 to 64 ounces of
water a day I think the rule of thumb is
usually that you take whatever your
weight is and half it and then whatever
that number is that's how many ounces of
water you should be drinking I take my
water bottle in the morning
and fill it up to the top and this water
bottle is labeled which is really
helpful to you so I fill it up to the
top which is 32 ounces and I just leave
this at my desk because I find that for
me
if the water is just in my reach if it
is within my grasp I will naturally just
pick it up and just keep drinking it
throughout the day and then I find that
by midday this is gone and then I
usually just go to lunch or have lunch
and I usually drink water with most of
my meals too and then when I come back
for the second half of my workday I fill
it back up again and by the time it's
time for dinner
I've almost pretty much finished this so
that is the way that I drink enough
water throughout the day so yeah I mean
that's what I'm doing I'm currently
trained for a 10k if anyone has any tips
or tricks of or if anyone has any
running tips tricks please let me know
if anyone has any good music that they
think I should listen to while I'm
running let me know in the comments
below because I have started to like I
have a little run playlist on Spotify if
you have liked that one like this song
is your ride or die like when this song
comes on you're so hype and ready to do
your run slash workout let me know what
it is in the comments below cuz I will
definitely add it to my playlist because
I'm running out of songs I need new
songs so yeah that's me
I'll see you when I see you don't forget
to start your week with me I push out
new videos every Monday at noon Central
Time and make sure to follow me on
social media so you can stay in tune
with everything I've got going on I'll
see you when I see you
