hey everyone I'm Holly's beast a digital
storyteller and video producer hi I'm
mr. Hollis and I'm a nurse and a chronic
procrastinator okay together we are
making the Beast cast your favorite aunt
and uncle sitting here talking about
married life and things like such as
welcome to the first official podcast
video cast anchor cast episode what
makes it official because this is the
one I'll put on anchor Oh
season 1 episode 1 we out here in these
streets and things like such as if you
want to see for those of y'all listening
to this and not watching
we call these video casts because there
is a video portion of it that ends up on
my youtube channel holly's or
youtube.com slash Elise if the spirit
moves you but of course you can always
just listen to him here so either way
you're hanging out with us ok thanks for
being here yeah so yeah our first
official episode we're going to talk
about a topic that came up in one of the
comments of a previous video cast it was
someone asking about this idea around
prenups getting married and getting
prenup and just also piggybacking on
that another person commented on
finances and how as a married couple we
handle I guess joint accounts and things
like such as so we're gonna talk about
we're gonna do a two-for-one and talk
about that today anyway prenups prenups
what are they do you need one I don't
know okay I mean prenups they're
prenuptial agreements made between two
parties that are joining in a marriage
type situation yeah you can you can see
it however what you want right like if
you if you think that you're protecting
each other or you think that you're
protecting yourself you just have to
make that case if your partner has a
problem with it then it's like well okay
so is there really that big of a
difference in your resources and if
there is and one person feels protective
about it then you obviously need to make
those discussions and this is something
that you brought up last time it's if if
you're talking about a prenup it's
because you're concerned about something
and so it's at least a platform for
discourse right because it's also I
under I completely understand
especially now as people we know are
getting married later and so you've
actually accumulated some wealth you
know we got married and we were very
young neither of us had anything of any
real values it was like sure you want to
leave me in a year and take my nothing
go ahead you know but as people get
older and like accumulate
actual wealth like maybe a property or
two or whatever the case may be I
totally understand how someone is kind
of like look I love you and I want this
to work but I already know that I want
to leave this house to my aunt or you
know just stuff like that and it's like
I just need you to be okay with that
and to me it is like yeah starting a
conversation that y'all should be having
anyway right
before you get married so I see it as
the catalyst for that yeah I mean if you
it's it's like anything else that you
want to invite in the marriage like the
on as we mentioned on the unofficial
first episode I told I told you it's bad
I told you it's been bad for those you
know the stupid apotheon like okay I
thought I was just making coffee and you
didn't realize that I was you know
making her own divorce violently yeah so
like if you want if you want or need or
you feel like you need premarital
counseling or even marriage counseling
go ahead and do it don't tell anyone
don't let anyone tell you whether to do
it or not yeah make yourself a list if
it's not outside your financial means
and your partner is down for it then do
it
same thing with a prenup if you feel
like you have assets or you just don't
know if you can trust the other person
then you just need to yeah come to terms
with that yeah talk with the lawyer and
you know hash it out talk about it and
that's that's pretty much it
based on the comment it seemed like the
person was very much like I don't know
if prenup I can't understand why a
prenup would even be on the table and
things like such as and I was like I
mean like for example I think you can
google this like I think Mark Zuckerberg
he's the owner of Facebook right he has
a prenup with his wife and I want to say
I should probably google this and
confirm if I'm wrong I will let y'all
know in the notes or whatever but I want
to say that part of his prenup agreement
because when you're a big celebrity
person everybody seems to know about
your business is that his
wife like carved out time where she was
like every there's like a certain level
of amount of time that he has to spend
with her and that's built into their
prenuptial agreement and I can order for
us to get married you need to have two
weekends with me a month and you know
you can't answer your phone and like
things like that and to me I'm like that
makes sense
I can totally understand how you would
want to do that if you're gonna marry
somebody like Mark Zuckerberg you know
yeah I mean it shouldn't be you should
not don't take it as a reflection on
your relationship and love automatically
yeah
understand where it's coming from
because if you automatically feel like
well why does he feel like the
relationship is going to end why is he
automatically thinking about you know
what if situations because you know
people one like you said need to protect
themselves
we're very neutral in a lot of these
responses it's like I am neither for it
or against it go with your heart
well yeah but you have a discussion you
have the discourse about it like why are
you neither for it nor against it and
then you go into your reasons why hmm so
what if I had that's what I was about to
the fixed thing I was gonna ask you was
like if we hadn't gotten married when we
did let's let's paint a picture if you
will okay say you and I had actually met
in in maybe another five years so we
didn't actually meet until you were are
like 35 and I am 30 and seeing our
trajectory now assuming that we don't
have how situation all this foolishness
right in five years from now you know
police beasts media is a thing and I
have like a podcast arm already and I
have the channels like blown up and like
I have assets in a couple of things
because of that maybe by then I do own a
condo you know all that kind of stuff
and then you yeah and then you yourself
maybe you're like a chief nursing
officer an officer at a hospital you're
making a certain level of money you to
have a house maybe you would what would
you think then would you be like hmm no
no I know and then also no one just how
ambitious we both are in our own
separate rights even now as we've been
married for as long as we have oh man
this is such a good
segue to the next question yeah focus so
let's let's table that for right now and
talk about how we how we felt about
finances and how we deal with finances
now yeah hey guys if if you were
enjoying this episode then please feel
free to either leave a like or you know
share post you know whatever the spirit
moves you to do feel free to do it yeah
please feel free to leave a comment if
you would like to contribute to the
production costs go ahead and go to hoe
leases patreon which is I believe
included on the link patreon.com slash
lease yes feel free to sign up as
producer there is no minimum to give but
you can't set a maximum yeah so we're
all about your budget if you feel like
you're heading to our budget yeah if you
do not have the funds to do that that's
okay we appreciate you being here anyway
yeah go ahead and just let the ads run
yes if you're watching on YouTube but
you know endure it as best you can if
it's a 30 second or a 15 second ad you
know just let it run through all do we
appreciate you yes and we understand a
lot of y'all in the comments of the last
one said that you were letting the ads
run now and it went through and was like
you're the best you don't ruin VP's
though because you really are like
letting the ads run really does help
yeah you being here we're only making
this content for you so the fact that
you're showing up really means a lot
we've had a few new producers join the
patreon team so I wanted to say hi to
Jimmy Evans and hi to Lydia Lydia Baird
ha Baird hello and then Swank smalls ah
you were this you may be the smallest of
Swank's but you are large in heart yes
thank you so much but if you do have a
large hearth and get it checked out oh
yeah cuz that's not good but thank you
so much for becoming patreon producers
really appreciate
welcome to the patreon production team
again if you're interested in joining
patreon.com slash police okay back to
the podcast videocast beasts guest yeah
so that's the segues into the next part
of the podcast which is finances someone
else commented on asking with as much as
we're willing to share how we manage our
finances together and separately and so
when we first got married I definitely
took it more from more from the angle of
what's - his what's his is mine
and those mostly because I was
fashioning it after my parents a lot of
the beginning of our marriage I just
fashioned after what I considered and
still consider a very stable marriage
which is my parents so I knew that they
had a joint account that they shared and
then I also knew they had their own
separate accounts they were separate in
more in terms of just like they just
call them their separate accounts but my
father can easily go to any account that
my mom has he's a cosigner on all of
them my mom can go easily going to any
other personal account my father has
she's a cosigner on all of them and so
that was my way of thinking was just
like you can have a separate account or
whatever but push comes to shove if I
need to access it I can access it and
then we share one account to pay for
things that we both use ie rent mortgage
bills and you were like a little
hesitant about that at first cuz I
immediately started winning and going
into when we first got married I started
being like all right let me sign it be a
sign on your account here's the assignor
to be on her account I'm gonna start
this joint one let's get into it I got
very like here are the specifics yeah
but I mean I guess I was very
independent like I was bachelor minded
right like I had never been in a
long-term serious relationship never had
to think about finances so I was just
protective about what I thought was mine
and again that's part of getting into
the marriage is you find this balance of
Independence and codependence
so I struggled with that and then we I
mean we did we do have a joint so we
have a joint account so every time I get
a paycheck there is a predetermined
portion that goes into the joint account
same with me portion of mine is
is kind of like sequestered for car note
and student Alone's it's mostly student
loans whatever is left over after that I
split three ways and so one goes into
the credit card a portion of it goes
into the savings and the portion goes
into the other credit card when I worked
full time when I had a full time like w2
job it was yeah it would make a certain
amount of money that would go into my
personal account and then I would
transfer we had there's a good greet
upon amount that we figured out and
essentially it was just whatever their
rent whatever their rent was at the time
all of our bills like all the shared
expenses of having a life together your
cell phone insurance like all that stuff
we figured out what that amount was and
we split it in half and we both just and
we figured split it in half like
bi-weekly cuz that's how we got paid and
like we all we always just put that into
the joint and we also factor in things
like going out to eat together now as a
creative entrepreneur that's what
they're calling us now I think basically
I'm self-employed now I still meter it
out so I pay myself from my business
bi-weekly still I wear quotes that's
your business
you're a it's just weird I pay myself
biweekly from the business the IRS could
be listening she pays herself
legitimately from her legitimate
business that is publicly filed right
okay I pay myself bi-weekly from my
business it's a less amount from my
full-time work but I'm almost back to
what it was so I'm excited and then I
pay that to myself and then I put that
number or agreed upon new number because
I've had to shift a little bit into the
joint to cover our cost of living and
then there's a little bit left for me on
my personal not the business but my
personal account and that's mostly it
just goes to gas and a few times a week
that I might need to eat out because I'm
you know off shooting somewhere and they
just don't have the capability of having
a lunch for myself so yeah that's like
the nuts and bolts of how we handle
finances so talking about the personal
accounts like the most recent argument
slash conversation that we had
that involve finances aside from again
the whole housing thing was the fact
that I had a certain amount of money and
my personal account that you didn't know
about yeah but so I I had that and the
reason I mean I'm not gonna we're not
gonna talk about the specifics of it but
I had more in that personal account than
she knew and the reason being was that I
have so much during alone debt that it
was a it was a mark of shame and it was
it was this burden that I felt was mine
because I'm making my own student loan
payments out of my paycheck it's not
it's coming oh man like we're
technically paying for it but it's I'm
the one that's that's making the
payments so it's still my burden but
it's so shameful like I I am so ashamed
one at having so much student loan that
and two at the prospect of having the
student loan debt be the reason of our
financial ruin so I just had this
neurosis that compelled me to keep a
certain amount of money in that personal
account just in the event that Oh
something went wrong and I couldn't pay
my student loans I would be set for at
least a couple months she was upset I
was very understandably so yeah cuz it
felt like I remember in this seat and
this is why that prenup thing and I
think that's important because I
remember for me even though I completely
understood where you came from
emotionally and why you did it for me it
was just kind of like it was the first
time I actually ever had to consider
just consider your intentions or
consider I guess like a trust issue
mm-hmm because I'd never I have always
like even from when we were dating and
friends like I always just trusted you
completely and I never you never gave me
a reason to question it so I never had
to it took me like a day like I
understood where you were coming but it
took it took like two or three yeah I
understood where you're coming from but
for me it was more and it wasn't even
that what you
had saved was really even like a crazy
amount or anything like that but it was
just more just the action of it it made
me have to now think about oh right I
guess you could like take something from
me and I not know it took a couple days
not just for you to digest and
understand your feelings but to
understand why I did what I did and I
remember that we actually talked about
it in the car so we we had we had been
discussing it a little bit and then we
ended up parking and that's when I had
the Epiphany that it was because I was
so ashamed of my student loan debt that
it's uni I just didn't want it to be the
reason why we were going to fail what
ultimately came from that so because we
were doing a joint account we were
trying to be a little bit more
transparent with and equal in the in our
share of the financial burden right just
with the cost of living so this this
rift led to even more transparency in
our finances so the money that I had in
that personal account I still keep a
balance on there but I try to keep it to
a certain level for whatever reason if
I'm squirreling away a little bit too
much I will let her know and I've
already done this about two times now
since that event like hey there's
there's a little bit too much of my
personal account I'm shifting it into
the savings I'm shifting it to the
person or whatever or you're like I'm in
the process of saving for this I want to
put down a thing to buy this thing and
that's why or like whatever it is so
much so you're actually getting like a
little annoying with it like I don't
need to know it's the same thing with
you I think you you tell me like oh I
have a little bit more of my personal
account I have a balance on my checking
my credit card that's and this is why
it's like okay I really just checked
this one or two account and that there
are one or two accounts and then we're
good
yeah and I feel like the way this is
gonna come off to a lot of people is
they're gonna be like dang y'all are so
neurotic about who has what money or
whatever and I think it's I don't know
if it's necessarily to a certain degree
I think they probably are a little bit
right but then also to another
I think it's also that we're so neurotic
about sharing everything so that way
again there is never a rift or the
potential for there to be a lack of
trust right things should be things
should appear equal because they are
equal I would rather be annoyed that
you're telling me about everything
you're buying then I not know so much so
now that I remember I've told you this
before if you just come to wherever we
live with a car and it's a new car I'm
not gonna freak out because I'm gonna
know exactly where you have got the
money to buy that you know anything and
also that I'm not gonna buy something
ridiculous yeah and you're not gonna buy
like a crazy Porsche or something crazy
like that and so to me it's just kind of
like I would rather I feel like it's
better just have a lot of transparency
almost annoyance of transparency so that
way you're unconsciously building a very
strong level of trust so that way then
there are moments where your spouse can
go off and do something that seems very
independent but to you when they show up
with it you're just kind of like okay
because I know we have the money to do
that so once you start keeping something
from it the other person then that's a
sign well so it's like it's a pearl but
it's it's a bad pearl it's like a it's a
divorce pearl
so and you know how it develops it's
just like a little bit of dust that gets
inside the oyster and so it's like a
it's an immune response and so it just
keeps coding and coding it and coding it
so you don't want to invite that little
piece of dust that little piece of sand
right to create this pearl yeah this
pearl of shame this pearl of trouble for
us finances have been about even more
diving deeply into trust because I
remember actually coming into that that
discussion that issue that we had I
remember my immediate thought then was
and I told you about this too because I
when I started thinking about the whole
trust issue and like the money you had
scrolled away it started implanting into
me the idea of oh if we try and adjust
own what we actually own or whatever
then I remember at the time I was
putting more into our savings account
and so I was like I remember I brought
that up I was like it immediately makes
me want to pull out the money that I
know I
put into our savings account like oh
it's actually not our savings account
now it's like an account that I've
contributed the most to you know I
started to feed like feed that kind of
separation and like resentment and I
didn't like that and so talking to you
about it that was what made us lean into
yeah me just being like I need to fight
this urge just want to naturally
separate from you now and just give you
access to everything that much more so
that way we don't have any other issues
into the future but that was still very
nervous I was still wary even though we
talked about it and resolved it over the
course of I think a month or so
I remember for a little while after that
I was still very much like yeah cause it
and it's not it doesn't have to be
infidelity it doesn't have to be it's
just like once you invite doubt into the
relationship then then it become it's a
slippery slope because I remember even
telling you I was like if you can hide
that from me what else can you hide from
me but yes so that brings me to that
point when we first got married we had
nothing we have slowly accumulated a
little bit something we've had a few
riffs because of that slow accumulation
and had to solve them if we hadn't met
when we did and maybe we met five years
from now keeping in mind that like
coming up with a trajectory that makes
sense where I am doing this but it's
grown already maybe and so I have
basically a media business and you in
your nursing profession or maybe the
chief nursing officer of a hospital so
that comes with a certain level of
Genesis walk if you will then we had met
would you want to do a prenup I mean I'm
a hopeless romantic right
so I mean I understand wanting to do a
prenup because like people are
unpredictable and so especially if like
I know that you're a level-headed
reasonable person but I mean if you're
marrying somebody and you know that they
might not be then yeah you just you just
have to because it's like okay well
she's gonna come after me for everything
and especially like depending on the
state that you live in right so here in
Texas no matter what whether there's a
prenuptial agreement or not the default
is everything gets split down the middle
right everything even if like you owned
a multi-million dollar business and I
was your housewife and that was it
they'd be like she she gets half your
business that's just the way that goes
so and I mean I would not I mean oh man
I mean if that was a situation that I
would not want you to get like half of
the business because you didn't do
anything for the business exactly
unless it's like well didn't I get half
the business because like who who did
your clothing who fed you who like cared
for the kids who did all these things
because if your house running so you
could go and work on that business
you're earning your own business so like
what happened like how much would you
pay to do all of that right may not be
like several million dollars but that's
interesting that our viewpoints on this
are kind of evolving so I would say yeah
yeah I mean I would say that you need to
look at not just what's going on right
now but you need to look into the future
and so if you do have all those assets
realize that you have to put yourself in
that situation where what if we're not
together anymore or we're splitting if
you're the other party that doesn't have
as much think about in a few years and
if the person does come up with to you
with the prenup just think okay so what
am I getting at the end of this you know
am I gonna stay home am I gonna have my
own job am I going to have my own
resources am I going to have my own nest
egg to
yeah because it's also thinking about it
too just knowing looking at our marriage
too because remember in the beginning
you were the breadwinner because I was
looking for a job right I mean there was
if you could call it bread it wasn't
even like Hill Country Fair right like
off-brand bread right right but a great
value great value bread well I was
looking for a job and then we both had
jobs and then you went back to school
and I became the breadwinner for a
little while so it like even throughout
our marriage it's gone back and forth no
no we we were equal for a period of time
yeah yeah yeah it's a it's an
accomplishment to get the masters with
like that and still working full time
like don't take that away from me I did
things I did terrible things for this
master's degree I did terrible things
for this crippling student loan debt you
can't take that away from me
well um sure if you a fine okay whatever
I guess the point I was trying to make
was that yeah you were working here 36
hours or whatever but she was still
putting in more debt so the fictionally
know I think you were still earning more
money than me I was what I was trying to
get out without trying to hurt your
feelings my I'm still a little hurt
that's what the point of the story I was
trying to make was that we've taken
turns being the sort of financial head
of household if you will so I was making
a dc9 right which is why we could afford
to live where we lived and like all that
kind of stuff so yeah you're still
working for time but like a lot of my
money was going towards like maintaining
the lifestyle if not increasing it a
little bit yeah see like you and I have
bounced back and forth on who's like the
financial breadwinner
there was a great point where we were
both making about the same amount of
money which was that was amazing but one
of us has always kind of made a little
bit more than the other we've kind of
taken turns for now I think while I'm
building its you the trajectory of your
partnership those things have the
potential to change it's another thing
to have I guess a more I don't know
nuclear relationship I guess that would
be the polite way to put that again I
think the prenup really just helps
people
have that conversation because another
thing too I'm considering is that like
yeah what if Holly's beast well actually
not even what if gonna speak that you
know I'm saying Holly's beast grows you
know I'm saying into a full-fledged
media situation where there's podcasts
and then there's videos and you know all
the stuff right so many things so many
things and you know I've been able to
build it up but to me I automatically
think of it in terms of like to me you
do own half of it because without you
right now being sort of the financial
foundation so I can now do this and take
on a certain level of risk for hopefully
go and speak that for definitely a lot
of reward like if we ever split I should
not like I should not try to take away
the fact they without your help I would
not have gotten this to where it is and
so on the one hand I understand a prenup
I understand a prenup when it comes in
terms of things that you've gotten
without that that spouses help at all
especially again if you're going to
leave some of those things to caregiving
for a family member or again how we've
talked about enough other episodes about
success and stuff like that and wanting
to you know plant seeds of like your
younger cousins or nieces or nephews and
children maybe y'all may be the other
person's coming in with kids and you're
like I'm already setting this aside for
my first kid that isn't your kid and I
want to make sure that kids okay you
know so that'll make sense to me I think
again which I think a lot of these
episodes will come down to is about your
individual situation reflect on it I
think the other little like yeah I mean
I I wanted to talk about the breadwinner
thing for just a little bit I don't feel
like I need to as the man bring in more
money like I know we were talking about
it before and you were like why are you
like why are you wanting fixating on
that
why are you emphasizing that oh yeah you
were still doing stuff and it's with me
because we're trying to make things so
equal like I don't want it to feel like
I wasn't pulling my own weight like even
though I was at school there was still a
certain level of comfort that we had in
our living situation in our finances
that I didn't want to disrupt oh man
there's a lot of financial like baggage
I wonder why that is
yeah you're Barry you are very into the
financial stuff because I yeah because I
remember when you were going through
your master's degree I kept telling you
like you can go part-time it's okay for
you to go part-time and you're like no
it's gonna be so terrible and it's like
no because I could see how much you are
working yourself to and it's kinda like
you you literally don't need to we will
be okay part of working as a staff nurse
is the flexibility because I'm only
working four shifts a week yeah then I
have four days to get everything else
done right but that's the thing I know
for you you're always like I don't want
you to think that I'm only working two
days a week and then I've got how it was
how many days are gonna be you go my god
and then I've got you know these five
days and I'm just kind of pissing away
and I was like no I understand that your
master's degree is intense I live with
you I see how often you were sitting on
this couch cracking open books and
writing papers and things like such as
you're good and you still yeah you
waited until until you're basically like
depriving yourself of like fundamental
things you need it to do your master's
degree well yeah and that was when you
finally were like okay I'm gonna go
part-time I don't I'm not trying to hold
on to this so I can lord it over you but
I I don't mind being a financial Rock
because I know the consistent income the
income that you can count on that you
know it's going to come in by weekly is
mine and so like I'm down with being
stable I'm down with being you know the
thing that you can constantly consider
you can just depend on yeah I think some
of that is though just like that like
there's the masculinity that's like
built into most men that you have
I think some of it is that I mean sure I
I don't know if I can deny that but I
just I enjoy knowing that I am assisting
us mm-hmm
yeah excuse me but I have no no qualms
about you being the breadwinner or just
like making more money right oh yeah
because I keep joking and it's like
partially joking that if you ever get up
like hurry up and get to the point where
I don't have to be working yeah I can I
can just go ahead and be a member of the
production team or something about the
company it's like oh holy speech does
the brand it's like yeah cool
uh-huh and no she makes more money than
you were still eatin the drinking vine
so if you enjoyed this content you know
keep check keep following us we're gonna
do these every week wherever you listen
slash watch us whether it's on
youtube.com slash release or via anchor
or wherever you get your podcast because
I believe anchor sends them everywhere
we're committing to a week every week I
feel like we should like a once a week
situation commitment no it's so scary
right we can do it I have faith in us
anyway
mostly because I'm stubborn and
foolhardy so I will keep making this
happen at any by all means necessary as
y'all can see for those of y'all who
have watched a few of these episodes you
will notice our mics have upgraded
spider Mike there's a reason for that
mm-hmm but anyway leave us a voicemail
because you can do that on anchor
apparently you can leave voicemails so
fast I don't know why I included that
sorry I just wanted to be part of it
include me in your your your very
included you're saying you're literally
included in the okay um we'll see you
next week bye oh oh we lost a light why
we up in his light probably was the
battery's dying
that's the way that goes battery that's
the easy fix though technical
difficulties while Holly's yep
while Holly's handles this I will be
providing a performer
