how to discography your home take one
hey everyone it's me hallease back with
a video if you follow me on snapchat
then you know that my dog recently
decided to take on a skunk and of course
she lost miserably so naturally she
brought that smell into our home with
her um
so step one is discography the source
you know which in my case is my dog if
you want to learn how to discover your
dog what you can wash your dog with
check out the video in the Eye of Sauron
um the first thing I would say to
discover your home is open all of the
windows the beautiful thing about homes
is that they're insulated and terrible
thing about homes is that they're
insulated so while insulation helps keep
things out of your home insulation also
helps things not leave your home so
basically you want to make your house
not so insulated so it can literally air
out so open all the windows turn on all
the fans let your home air out as long
as you can so because I work from home I
just left the windows open once I got up
for work the next day and would just
leave them open I left them open for a
good two days the second thing I did was
um make sure that the smell didn't seep
into any of the dog beds so as soon as
Dakota ran back inside because she was
scared she immediately went to what she
considers a safe space which is her dog
bed because that's how we trained her so
- in order to discover Phi that I used
baking soda a lot of baking soda
products now you can buy them
specifically for carpet deodorizing for
pets and things like that I use some of
that on each of her dog beds yes she has
a dog bed in every room yes we're bougie
about the dog
don't judge me let it sit for 15 20
minutes vacuum it off or you know get
rid of the residue that it leaves behind
the third thing I would suggest doing is
using some kind of lemon based cleaner
if your floors will allow it where the
dog has run about in your home because
chances are the smell is on their paws
and now it's on your floor after you
feel like you've vented out the house as
best you can go ahead and close all your
windows
keep your fans going and freshly ground
coffee scene got really got rid of the
snow quickly like in a day and depending
on the size of your home you have
multiple batches of freshly ground
coffee in little cans or plate around
your house this house that I currently
rent is around 1,300 square feet so
standard like 3 bedroom 2 bedroom 2
bathroom house and I put essentially a
plate of coffee in each area so there's
a plate of coffee in the living room the
kitchen our bedroom my office and the
guest bed and that was enough to soak up
all those smells now once you get to
this point where you are putting coffee
everywhere go ahead and open up your
cabinets and your closet doors too
because chances are the smell is still
stuck in those places and you need those
places to air out as well so um make
sure to leave all your your pantry doors
open your cabinet doors open your closet
doors open so the rest of that skunk
smell that has probably gotten in there
that you just didn't realize it got in
it can come out too and that coffee can
you get rid of it and so yeah that those
are the things I did to discover find my
house and it took all in all the entire
process I mean once I once I put the
coffee out it was a day it was like
smell is pretty much gone in a day but I
mean overall letting my hair letting the
house air out and all of that the whole
process took about two and a half three
days to truly feel like I had completely
gotten rid of all of the skunk smell
that's me I just wanted to get on and
explain that to y'all because I have
learned so much about skunks and their
smells and how to get rid of them that
you know I just want to share so I hope
that helps in the comments below let me
know if you have any other tips and
tricks on how to discover your home or
your pet and I will see you when I see
you don't forget to start your week with
me I push out new videos every Monday at
noon Central Time and make sure to
follow me on social media so you can
stay in tune with everything I've got
going on I'll see you when I see you
you
