how I did my head wrap in the Boston
video and how I wear my head wraps when
you're watching me on snapchat take two
I get all of my head wraps from the
rapid life this is one of their raps
it's I have had it for like two years
now so they definitely don't have it
anymore because she like builds
collections and gets them in and out in
and out in and out once they go on they
kind of just go here's the wrap so I
usually actually wear head wraps one
because you know they're really nice and
stylish and two to protect my hair from
the Sun I kind of prevent the
discoloration that heat damnit that the
Sun adds you know that's why I usually
like to wear head wraps and if you
follow me on snapchat you'll notice
usually that you know at least every
other day or so I'm wearing it I'm
wearing one so yeah just kind of protect
my head from the Sun and then I'm just
doing the same thing on the other side
staring it over like so you know II know
tuck
um because yeah I just don't want trying
to prevent sun damage and things like
that yeah
it's trying to prevent it make sure you
lay it however you want to lay it you
know I usually like to I like to lay it
to where there's I don't like the edge
to be seen I don't know why just I just
feel like it looks better there's no
edges there you have a little bit extra
you're just gonna tuck it in also in the
winter it's like a classier beanie keeps
your head worn you know so yeah there
are a lot of great head wrapped turban
hijab tutorials I actually got this one
from Dina Tokyo she is a hijab wearing
youtuber and she's into fashion and
makeup and she also has a second channel
with her husband Sid Sid and Dena she's
hilarious y'all should go check her out
but yeah this is how I wear when I'm
just going on clicking on the go this is
how I wear my head wraps I'll see you
next week
don't forget to start your week with me
I push out new videos every Monday at
noon Central time and make sure to
follow me on social media so you can
stay in tune with everything I've got
going on
I'll see you want to see
