Basti bass bat blasting Bob I'm not but
rain Saxon alright
Boston dig one if you've been following
me on social media then you know that I
was in Boston for about a week straight
I was there for work actually I was
there for the HP GPC Global Partner
Conference event mr. Hollis actually got
to come out with me the weekend prior to
the event starting and we got to spend
some time in Boston together we have
both never been yeah we flew in and
immediately got it commenced to having
lobsters Boston and just all of that
area of the country is well known for
their seafood and their lobster and they
did not disappoint
who tried local seafood which i think is
kind of a boston chain actually and they
have a really great lobster roll we also
spent a lot of time at the public
gardens in downtown boston and catching
pok√©mon and just hanging out over there
because mr. Elias is only there for the
weekend we didn't get to do that much
together I think the main thing that we
did together was heading over to the
Boston Museum of Fine Arts which has an
amazing collection we spent about four
hours there and we still didn't see
everything but saw such a great
collection of work especially their
Contemporary Art they have a lot of
great Contemporary Art you pay for a
general admission to get in and then the
tickets are good again for another visit
in the next ten days so it's almost like
you're paying for you're paying to go in
twice essentially so keep that in mind
that's why the price I think is a little
higher than most museums that I've been
to at least for me it's in that way the
last night mr. Hollis was there with me
we ended up checking out salty girl and
having their lovely I had in course mr.
hallease didn't because he's
gluten-intolerant
but I had fried lobster and waffles
which was delish I will say though that
frying the lobster kind of takes away
from like the taste of the lobster
itself you know anyway so yeah after
that I bid mr. hallease farewell and
then I started in on just being at the
event and working the event we were
shooting a lot of stuff editing a lot of
stuff you know I went from kind of
relaxing for the weekend to having about
12 hour days and we always find time the
crew and I to do a little bit in Austin
wherever we go we have to explore a
little bit the shooter that we that
y'all probably seen actually if you've
watched a lot of my travel videos you'll
see this shoot this shooter that we
always have with us he had this great
idea to go to the Prudential Center in
Boston and check out the view from the
50th floor so it's done the sky above
Skywalk Observatory
well I mean it's super touristy super
cheesy but it's really there just for
the view and we got there right there at
sunset and so it was so magnificently
beautiful just to see all of Boston we
also ended up going to one of the oldest
continually running restaurants in the
country and had lobster scampi there a
few things about Boston that I noticed
one of the main areas to shop there's a
lot of high-end shopping in downtown
Boston and it was so refreshing for it
to not be weird that I was there for
people to not second-guess me walking
into her store it was also really cool
to be in a blue state and really like
truly grasp what that means to be in a
blue state it was so cool to see
churches being very verbal and very
upfront about the fact that they don't
want racism and they want you know
equality for all
as baldwin said one of the most
segregated times in this country is high
noon on Sunday and so it was just really
cool to see like whoa y'all about it
you're in Boston like all about it is
you know you just don't see that in
Texas
really you know I mean Boston's one of
the few Ellie's downtown Boston anyway
is one of the few cities where it was
like I immediately felt like I could
live there I mean again I was in
downtown Boston and I didn't really
actually get to go to Cambridge which is
supposed to be an amazing areas well um
did people fit the stereotypes a few
times of course you know a lot of people
had the traditional Boston accent you
know a little rough around the edges
you know the southern hospitality kind
of goes out the window unless you are
purposely engaging with someone and then
that hospitality immediately comes back
in but when you're just trying to get
somewhere it gets uh places it's a lot
like New York where it's just kind of
like tunnel vision you know I said I'm
from Texas so a lot of times you do just
say hi to strangers or it's not weird to
kind of randomly talk to someone that
you don't know for like five minutes
I went during the fall so the weather
was amazing it was like light jacket
weather the whole time it was so great
so I've never been in the wintertime I
could see myself living in Boston if
nothing for the people and the culture
itself which is really cool don't forget
to start your week with me I push out
new videos every Monday at noon Central
Time and make sure to follow me on
social media so you can stay in tune
with everything I've got going on I'll
see you when I see
