evolution bra take one
hey everyone so if you follow me on
Instagram then you know that I recently
purchased the knixwear evolution bra
again this was me giving in to Facebook
ads as I attend you it is expensive
though it's this it's 55 dollars not
gonna lie that is pricy for me I am the
type of person that buys a lot of their
laundry way from Ross and t.j.maxx sorry
not sorry
I'm a c-cup I'm a 34 36 C cup depending
on what brand of bra that it is so I
ended up being a size 3 in the next wear
evolution bra on their website they
provide a neat little chart that shows
you how to correlate what knixwear size
you are based on your traditional bra
sizing chart the max size they go to is
38 BB so keep that in mind if you are a
little bit more heavily and Daud 38
double D looks to be about the max size
of bra that they make I bought it in
their graphic lease which is technically
a reversible bra so it's really just
black and white print with reversible
black back and I really like this bra a
lot actually
it's super comfortable I wear it a lot
it's it's one of the my favourite bras
to play soccer in because it provides so
much support without being so I think
bulky which is how a lot of traditional
I guess sports bras can be just kind of
like strapping you down you know this
bra is definitely an everyday type bra
to you but I wouldn't say that it's a
very flattering bra if you're looking
for a bra that's gonna like
just push you up and stick you out and
have you just looking you know this
ain't that brah
this is very much a functioning garment
for just you know you know releasing
tension on your back and just making
your boobs not so heavy so keep that in
mind this bra isn't for you know trying
to show off the assets the thing I
really love about this bra to you is
that one of the people in my Instagram
post one of the girls that responded to
it when I said that I was trying this
bra mentioned about flipping the straps
the opposite way so that way you can
easily make it erase her back and then
back to a traditional back when you want
to and that is an awesome pro tip I
definitely recommend doing that because
I do that as well now so like during the
day I'll just wear it as a regular bra
and then when I'm going to my soccer
game in the evening switch that hoe to
the racerback and like I said this bra
is so comfortable I have fallen asleep
in it many times the only downfall to
the bra again is that they are limited
in the sizing the fact that they only go
up to 38 double Ds kind of sucks just
because I know personally I have a lot
of family members that are very heavily
endowed as well and then I know a lot of
women that are very heavily in doubt and
I know how difficult it is for them to
find broad and just other lingerie
garments in general that work for them
so if there's anything I could say to
NYX where it would be figure out how to
make these bigger or more women if you
are interested in purchasing NYX where I
think I do have some kind of code
somewhere not because I'm special but
just because I purchased something and
you know they just want you to tell more
people so I will put that in the leave
description box and yeah that's the bra
in the comments below let me know if
there is a sports bra or just active
wear type bra or just a cool bra that
you're really excited about let me know
in the comments below because I am
always interested
and I'll see you when I see you
