update on Jed take two as you all may or
may not know I am restoring a 1987 Jeep
Grand Wagoneer with my father if you
started I can link to the latest update
on him from before up here in the Eye of
Sauron I think the last time I made a
video about him was for Veda I've
actually been having to work most
weekends or just I'm just you know if
I'm not working I'm going to a wedding
if I'm not going to a wedding I'm going
to a thing like I'm just kind of
everywhere I've been kind of everywhere
since April in spite of that my father
has like continued to push the project
along even though I haven't been able to
come down as much because he has his own
passion car that he wants to get back to
working on so he's like I gotta get this
little minnow done the minnow being
jebediah
so I can work on my car so I'm happy to
say that like all the wiring for the
engine is in we're now into wiring and
and that's pretty much where with Jed
and I'm excited you know it's cool to
finally see the project starting to come
along you know I have basically become
the producer of a Wagoneer you know and
so my father will check in with me and
like I'm buying this for that I'm buying
this for that and you know it's more V
now managing the budget on stuff and
being like well yeah that's what you
want to put in it but is there a tier 2
or tier 3 options no it's a little bit
of that stuff to you but it's it's it's
still all in good fun and I'm still
really excited about the end product but
I just wanted person numbers that also
y'all can just kind of know like start
to get an idea of how much restoring
vehicle costs so I purchased Jedediah
coming up on a year ago two years ago I
got two years ago for $2,500 which was
good considering that he was a complete
vehicle and technically he could run I
put a new exhaust system on and I was
like $300 I put and then I did a few
things to that original engine that was
in jet which cost around 6 or $800 and
then that was when my father I realized
you know this engine I probably need to
scrap it we can't really trust this you
know and so from there buying the
refurbished engine from autozone but a
Chevy rebuilt engine that is now in jet
cost around $1,500 in tax okay then
there is the Chevy conversion kit and so
that is talking like your headers like
driveshaft like all the things to
convert the Jeep body of this car to a
Chevy engine that's technically slighter
and smaller than its original engine and
a lot of those parts were purchased from
a conversion shop called Novak if you're
interested and they specialize in Jeep -
whatever else conversions if you're
interested in them I'll link to their
website and I think I ended up spending
around 1200 dollars with them to get all
the those other parts that you need to
convert and then you know now there's
just these little these little parts
these little things these bolts this is
not whatever you know that my dad is
just kind of buying as he goes and
keeping the receipts that you know I'll
eventually you know I'm slowly paying
him back on all that stuff to you so you
know to give you an idea it it it gets
up there and we're not even talking
about the interior yet you know the
interior eventually I would like to get
really done you know restoring cars it's
definitely something that's more for
you need to have a passion for it like
it needs to be your passion and you need
to also realize that yeah you're
spending a lot of money on this thing
that doesn't necessarily mean that it'll
be worth that amount that you spent on
it so it you really have to do it
because you want to do it not because
you're trying to flip it and make a
profit or something like that it really
doesn't work that way it's really more
for you even idea - and you know I'm
really grateful again to my dad for
helping me with this because you know
the first car he restored it literally
took in my fingers to restore that car
granted it was literally a shell there
was nothing in the car but it took him
ten years and a lot of that was you know
he's got a wife and me and my sister
daughters you know and you know you save
up a little money bunny do something
save some more money
do something and so it really needs to
be tinkering really needs to be a
passion of yours if you're not gonna
just like pay a garage to do it for you
and then if you're gonna do that then
like double everything because he's got
a paper labor so you know that's what it
like to restore a car in the comments
below you know send me encouragement
there you go yeah in the comments below
send me encouragement for being young
and silly and thinking I can do this all
by myself
and
