this can be big this one's about our
sisters oh my real sister George yeah
it's about friends sir splitting us to
is my sister from palaces friends
together we bought together we strong
together we say the definition of a
friend according to Austin dictionary is
someone with one group has mutual
affection one typically exclusive of
sexual or family relations one who is
not an enemy or an apparent but an ally
friends together we bond together we
strong together we stand you see I don't
know about you but my friend wait my
best friend my homeboy my brother from
another mother or my sister from another
mister can't be defined by the big shin
area
friendless curio by handing you a draw
for a new no but nobody stood on my back
in four hundred even though that if you
get shot a cop needs to play aha what
you think you know from a custom room
with a hot girl random take you back to
TT is that I will go soon Philadelphia
friends together we bond together we're
strong together wheeze and you see my
friend is a friend that would tell
people my favorite color is pink and a
celebrity crush is Ryan Reynolds it's
also the critical that we get emotional
when they watch bold and the beautiful
and can't stop singing backstreet boy is
also dealing with the Ultra annoying is
that the whole world doesn't see but you
see I take the friends be the background
of my spine let's turn the light and let
me shine the coach of contributions of
corners down my life and giving me a
reason to be a life-giving they're edgy
setting fire and encourage a friend that
you can always turn to a little cold
will partner truth friends together we
bond together we're strong together we
stand
