but I call myself like a child of Africa
but a woman of Australia
tonight I'm gonna read for you a phone
call I would leave the vibe and be us
all right people this poem after I spent
a almost 18 months in detention and
after the government didn't want to
listen to me but they listened to my
ride so sometimes what you write people
can see more than what you say
I believe survive and be asked how
dangerous was to leave my country alone
how my family allowed me to live how
afraid I was for myself that I will be
raped or killed how I made the decision
to travel alone how I survived without
for some days how I worked be a field
even I got even as I got more injured
how I allowed them to lock me inside
toilet how I stayed inside toilet for
hours how I charged proper places as I
got damaged how I knew I had come the
right place I would leave survive and be
asked how I felt to come by boat how it
felt to risk my life did I know I would
say detention did I know I have come
illegal but I would smile and listen to
them because when I survived the sea I
thought I was born again when they asked
me did you know the law has changed I
will tell them I didn't have a choice
when they say that it helps you to
remember I will answer them is a past
when they ask what are you planning now
what do you want to be in future I mean
answer them I'm planning to live in
Australia and I want to be a journalist
where they are what about if they send
you somewhere else I will answer them as
long as I breathe I will reach my goals
thank
