standing up to Mike my biner
consistent signals to me to behave as a
human the ethical adequate followed by
those who credit or rules be pushed to
the mid laner to be accepted respected
but not expected to question various
fields deception as an Asia to change
our perception because in the public I
showed it by my Captain America Bell
Superman Teesha I'm an airport which
gives me the power to burst forth was
formulating to citruses such as you I'm
not good enough hang with us due to my
lack of interest in Fifty Shades of Grey
a postcard shopping in 50 different ways
now I have eliminated the gender is
narrowed liking it to the people who
matter in the pursuit for the perfect
serve had one of my eyes to realize that
I'm not the prey but in fact the
predator my attempt was him they
stripped me of my individuality made me
another brink of a war too afraid to
stand tall Bergen down discovered glad
not the Clark and Tony Stark Steve
Rogers guardian of the galaxy that I
plan to give yes to these jurors inspire
me to break my performance chains of
Kryptonite dark or protective extremists
armor grab my shield to deflect verbal
projectiles no more will not be being
animated Brenda because I discovered
that pre minded and not blind
