he cast as a main happy home I'm sick of
the toxic I rather be outside
the family home than to face what's
inside I rather suffer from hunger than
suffer the pain of the haunted house
maressa tired did this up nothing on
them my fruit is closed yet I can still
manage to breathe aight aight out of
false whispers filtering through cracks
in the brick work of this house phone
lines of communication i lost the string
between the cups that connect us sit
beside me in your tangled mess on the
cold hard floor aren't you secretly
facade the foundations book before me
are changes by the lies upon lies upon
lies upon lies the values that you told
me remain meaningless from the mismatch
of your actions the reflections of the
mirrors you told me to clean leave a
mark of an unhappy ghost the projection
of your words take a look in the mirror
are sitting there waiting until the day
you stop and reflect i realize those
words you threw at me were nothing more
than the answers to your prayers the key
to unlock look this is the key to unlock
your own true happiness your house
doesn't mean happy home ec i rather call
my friends and acquaintances my family
leave behind the mess they hurt the
anger leave one sleeve twice but make a
change to Savior follow the antiques and
your betrayal of your loved ones and
yourself is not what matters most rip
your insecurities to shreds make way for
the new independence you'll see her
light to see her high and you'll
definitely see her fly wash away your
miseries bring the hurts they can go to
hell don't look back don't hold on
figure it out as you go on forget the
infidelities the wankers and the passer
by's then stroked
and strong scent all no one's ever going
to let you fall
