they say he's sick Carrie mother liquor
for the week that is his flame feeling
only shame such an only for someone to
blame this they say you sit and watch
him play his mother's eyes pleading will
he be okay and I think no but I say yes
the truth I can't be best I comfort no
less but no more either and then I leave
her and leave him to a perspective life
that's dim his once bright eyes glazed
behind the haze of confusion and this
infusion of emotion I can barely contain
but i refrained who comment back down my
element is he begs with a few words he
uses a vocabulary not flourishing but
which he have uses this this he pleads
again and again and lead with the sorrow
I feel hollow I can't help him this this
he persists my consciousness resists the
urge of patients who sprayed and snap a
course left in my face as well as his
but I taste the foot away just as he in
turn tasted me down and as I found down
him i know i've lost a battle a constant
battle against my skull wormy them whole
of my forbearance to ship no longer able
to stay afloat so I dig a moat around
myself and distance him from me but fail
to see how I hurt him just as I hurt his
mother with my sidelong glances like
Nancy's judging always judging me no ill
will but still with my silence I heard
that Asher of the sirens wail warns of
danger assured his way of the claims his
gentle nature his soft hands and big
eyes and his walk it's just like yours
they say but still he just won't talk no
matter how we pray he gets frustrated
just expressions truncated a baby once
invigorated now a toddler strongly
inhibited once I visited his home in SAT
with him alone and as he drew in two
imaginary dragons and built me pretend
wagons filled with the bag you can he
didn't deserve what God could have the
nerve to rob his brightness from him
from me from his family and handily the
doctors prescribed a medication
described evaluation the sensation of
accomplishment nothing morally
self-aggrandizing in truth leaving nary
a dent in his prognosis he's like
purchase of the motorist waves was
deformity a slave and ruthlessly I
shaved my compassionate way I stay away
unwittingly I keep my distance offer up
resistance at my sentence behest I think
the best and not invest to greater
Louisville to that young boy with the
soft hands and their big eyes here's
what they say it's just like mine but
it's not my choice of what my voice
rings know my heart screamed yes and
still he screamed this this here's what
I three and in that instant no regret
how I got up I get and the fee he turns
my way old hotter than a summers day
burn stronger than a branding iron
against my flesh and not thinking my
embrace and we mesh in stare into his
face and I hold him there gently and
snuggly all at once I hug me to keep the
ugly monsters away the monsters he warns
as his tears and mine warms the coop pic
of ice in my chest 4mon at my behest as
the fencing and stuff that can flesh in
from a bone just as it makes me feel all
alone makes me feel I've left him all
alone abandoned to his position
forgotten to his condition but still I
hold him this is your mother's tired now
yes yes I allow and dry my face so his
mother won't see how I've left my head
down and she asks will he be okay hbu
think and as I sink into despair I
cannot dare to share yes I lie again
it's that protective mother in her then
who I do what would admire as i watch
her never tie our mother's love of
burning fire and that she's built a pyre
incinerator or her doubts extra cakes
with blankets out loudly shouts yet to a
son she wishes she could run calm but
still she says and I leave and for her
strengths you only get respect from me
and for my part I'm in perfect no less
than that little boy his life is wrecked
his sick they say outlook leery with a
teary eyed mother that short she's weary
but she turned to me you know what she
said not with her one of its go with his
actions he's my baby boy without he
might be dead lost frightened
alone hesitantly answer the phone he's
sick they decided but any of those
mother's eyes I see pride only pride
that God just can't hide behind height
she's no matter how replete these
families of fleet that boys a flagship
and together we'll sail into a future
worthy of worship he's sick they say but
I hold him and her just as they hold me
and we whisper to each other it's going
to be okay it's going to be okay
