when he judges what's up now now wake up
wake up what's up wake up what's up yes
mom but I guess everyone in this room
can relate when I conversate have the
state of man coin these days makes it
hard to concentrate when you're awake so
a dream and in this orgy called life
which makes men a woman line hate one
another I dream of love at first sight
not first sight flings where the first
thing your mother is utterly mean I
dream of scenes where real men walk
quite girls and talk foreign words they
actually mean I dream of euphoria scenes
my luxurious queen and me walking on the
beach or holding hands standing on a
rainy corner sip and gloria jean's yeah
kasee awake our love was hidden but man
she made me feel like waking up was
worth living and old ladies would pinch
my cheek saying yes me love but a small
religious difference kept the father
from giving us permission so why dream
of scenes where our love is no longer
forbidden our dream of scenes sometimes
thought to be exaggerated why because I
dream of scenes when no one is hated no
one is alienated we're all well
acquainted and we're separated from the
places where races are segregated and
every man woman and child is celebrated
decorated elevated or loved and never
hate it no one is cold because on the
whole the scenes in my dreams are souls
levitating our dream of scenes atheists
sometimes find hard to believe garden
where rose petals and magnolia leaves
leave a scent and dollars and cents the
civil dense we are finally free from and
I know it's crazy
but a dream of reform for trouble teens
form violent households and streets on
which they will be on believe the triple
team got in short I dream of freedom I
dream of scenes where we tame the beast
and all my people in the East no longer
feel pain in the least and Palestine is
just a stone's throw away from the peace
they so desire and so you know I'm going
to keep that dream until I expire
getting deep I'm Muslim because of my
dreams you told me what it means in my
dreams I walked with the Prophet peace
on to him and praising on his family's
name I cooked him food i cooked him food
he still has me dazed imagine dreaming
that you're shocked and wake up so
amazed then in another dream I saw the
Prophet yet again this time in a
heavenly field and he sent to clear
man's my way who called me over with a
wave and I knew right away this was
Hasan and Husayn I nearly died in that
scene that I dreamt and imagine a scene
so serene wasn't meant to happen to me
to me I don't blame anyone who questions
me about any of the dreams I've
mentioned but they're real I swear and
if sleep is the cousin of death and you
dream what I dream then death is a
beautiful thing
I hope I die in the scenes I've shared
why because my dreams are real no need
to be scared compare it to the shit that
we bear my dreams are real because
there's nothing more fake listen
carefully there's nothing more fake than
this nightmare that you and I call awake
