so the next poet is Zeynep Shima wow
that's all could I have to follow that
okay that's fine sorry this is the story
of an elderly male patient and it's
called dementia salty memories turning
hair white as snow callous knuckles on
calloused hands emblems of small
victories that were once had the iron
chests were light fingers tread
heartstrings tighter feelings and kiss
quick and heartbeats mischievous
planning's and unforeseen miss
happenings gold-plated memories lost on
the winds of the past time she travels
fast broken with lines is my aging face
and in my tormented mind there is no
grace in the moments when I can't
remember my own son's name my address my
home or my favorite place cortical
atrophy that's why they laugh at me
unable to feed dress or walk I barely do
anything at all but some days some days
she comes to me that mistress called
memory and she whispers moments into my
mind feeling to which I am now mostly
blind rewind the tape and the moment
plays the happiest day of my life as I
looked upon her my wife holding the
small boy that would be my life's pride
the reason for my hard work my every
stride him I laughed and I cried and I
hoped and I watched as the years slipped
by and time turned and edged forward and
I aged in crippled before her and the
man the boy became the man the man
gained a mortgage and the wife dreams of
his own and his very own life and they
left me because they couldn't bear me
barely human broken dreams and fractured
memories hid beneath the veneer of
senility I'm father and husband only
sometimes anymore if you look into my
eyes you may see what I adored family
home peace but I'm barely human anymore
you
