next up we have Jade of you I was
actually hosting the slam that I first
performed that this is like really
unreal but yeah this is the best but
never have a hatchback over um
watermelon and cake at a slant he's got
some other been doing okay so this is a
piece which was inspired I I lived in
New York a little while this I sitting
on a park bench I should do and when
you're traveling at nearly 0 p was
chatting to everybody this is kind of
based on a conversation i had with guys
who next week when it rains he takes
from his backpack a shower cap and I'm
like what is that his favorite meal is a
bean dish that I've never heard of and
when I were to make it ouran he's all
like Obama you won't be able to find the
ingredients and besides it just won't
taste as good as was produced for mums
fingertips he touches my nose exploring
its topography and the difference to his
own and he laughs at my old nokia phone
I make fun of him for using his
hands-free feature you look like a crazy
man cutting to yourself in the streets
here your brains are cover up the
earpiece thing he kisses his teeth he
doesn't care what anybody thinks I ask
you what he does with his hair when he
swims and he responds with well I just
don't do such things I drop in Harlem
you see dodging flaming cans and playing
basketball the project's key the closest
I forgot to water was from a busted open
fire hydrant until the cops caught and
on and they siren around it and they
tighten it and then they yell after
water go down a Coney Island but we
didn't listen we just kept chasing each
other around around
around around around like lost ducklings
and basketball Oh basketball is what
we've lived for these days yeah duty
comes down to watch the kids play but
they don't care because they're the
stars are parlam today I can't imagine
growing up in New York I said next to
skyscrapers yellow carrots and lumps of
cement but what do I know I grew up with
that convict man my British ancestors
stole with their white blues hands and
the summertime we've got no choice but
to swim because that time it's just too
hot for Caucasian skin and the skin
called that originated there is a three
percent minority today but you aren't
too much about that i was on the bay so
these convicts build a water vessel
right next to my home and dan made
entirely out of sandstone bricks and his
kids we watched the ducklings rome and
we saw on a swing that was made out of
rope they'll stick attach the end that
our legs would hold the skin the making
for the mother duck would provoked but
no one ever knew we were around
surrounded by the Milky Way that
eucalypt and the kookaburra sound so the
kookaburra sits in the old country very
very killing of the bush is he loved got
the burner kookaburra gay your life must
be why not on your back I've got a
conflict right in concrete Brighton
concrete but it's go to school I walk
past corners when Malcolm X features
were once may pass burnt-out buildings
and jazz bars where wall are pics Gerald
and holiday once played and everyone's
looking up everyone's singing out loud
there's no kookaburras and no gum trees
where the Empire State Building got out
back now and it changes color every
night reminding us change is inevitable
something and avoidable something to
look forward to sometimes yeah there's
no color at all just a prayer dot on top
to the plane so prior to low and you can
rarely see the stars in the New York sky
but we know they're always there so it's
nothing to be bothered by it you fly and
then you're sitting on the other side
well studying to me and I'm from
the other side of the world chatting
 to me life can be amazing hey come
on I'll introduce you to my mom and she
can show you how to make this bean dish
before you leave
