I would like to bring up my next poet
this man is very inspiring and I would
go as far to say he's my mentor at the
moment mr. Tim Carroll the bid's arts
director is going to be performing a
poem right now so I that I've got a
short one and a longer one once about a
bridge and one is about an aeroplane so
this so it's really so inspiring for me
to see all this just wonderful emotion
and words coming out of you fantastic
young people and I said to UM it um I
would be happy to do one but I don't
want to not let a younger person do it
if you soon alright so i'll give you be
the context because this might be a
little bit confusing i was in a plane on
my way to melbourne with my wife and you
know when they're little screens come on
when you're sitting on the tarmac with
their and it's got fox news and then
it'll kind of lip off before you go and
then some other stuff and i never get
the headset so i never really know
what's going on and i had a kind of
fantasy that this other thing went on
the screen while my life was reading a
book or something like that and so if
you can imagine this is what i saw on my
screen as in engines of the jet from war
through barrel and blood yet on the
screen soundless news flash past and on
a different Channel what might have been
the real alternative news an unfocused I
try not to catch your hold of what
flashed across the screen and held for
an instant capture it was like a baby
photo of me and then with two brothers
depth in nappies and it was me and I was
watching them my life channel and my
whole life up to then all the things I
had forgotten all those things that I
changed all the times I said I was the
hero I saw me meet my wife to be I saw
the girls that I had loved I saw my
primitive style of
and I saw the petty arguments and
terrible accidents I had no time to
react to even recognize so many emotions
I saw my mother died again Jonathan
arrived late again that's funeral in the
bush tears streaked face of Michael
Takacs all trusted past and there was no
pause and there was no rewind there was
only one camera angle looking down and
so I saw myself go bald and I saw my son
grow so tall and as I witnessed the
snatches of us approach today I thought
I thought it would stop but it didn't
and I turned away in fear and as the
planes wheels left the tarmac the screen
flipped out box moves back again I did
not see how I died thank you
