this is what a feminist looks like at an
Islamic conference in Paris two women
run onstage bare chest stomach etched
with words as though a page I submit for
no one and it's nothing you see I'm
important enough to be spoken about but
never spoken to see them out to
eliminate me obliterate me one wrong
move is my funeral commemorate me don't
desecrate my memory talking about being
here to liberate me please
break me free from the chain of
oppression this depression I confess I'm
feeling the aggression your inflated ego
wants to let me go as if I were a caged
bird singing some damsel in distress
I crave release yes but not from my
religion I crave to be set free from
this vile condition when you're the norm
that I'm expected to conform to
constantly amazed at how your choice of
clothing is an artistic expression but
mine spell repression possessions
sometimes potential weapon this is what
a feminist looks like the words I
printed across the front of the top
nowhere between general dry clean and
warm wash only does the tag say made in
sweatshop maximum alwas minimum wage
kind of backdrop backs locked I'm sorry
to pop your bubble of feminist bliss but
if we're gonna advocate for equal rights
is a handy tip don't support the
exploitation of women you supposedly
stand with or is there a list that's
gonna miss title this is what a feminist
looks like this is what exclusive
feminism looks like what white privilege
looks like this is Patricia Arquette
standing on stage telling people of
color it's time for them to join her
fight for equal pay as if the struggle
against institutionalized racism is out
of time as if women of color don't feel
their pockets big time for time this is
celebrities with a wide array of
cultures to appropriate Ben these saris
corners and jets let's not forget Native
American headdress this is Nicki Minaj
being portrayed as an angry black woman
media out to ruin everything she stands
for so the world she's a devil amoral
feed the stereotype let it ripen Peter
against blonde curls and white
but what you expect from the same people
who think Iggy's raps are the tightest I
may wonder why I can't stay quiet why I
can't brave the silence mama says watch
yourself around people who pick up more
than they can hold we are decorations to
be bought and sold commodities on board
the flavor bus loved our food our
clothes of taste but discard us or else
we're just waiting to be saved
coaches religions rooms of the Dupre's I
am NOT lessor nor other not oppressed
and despite your blatant show of
disrespect you still find me by your
side fists and voice birth rates higher
fighting for your rights and mine
because this is what a feminist looks
like
