they say beauty is pain so we turn pain
into poetry like a birthing soul is an
abstract outlook and it sounds beautiful
but is a dagger to the heart because
love never dies and that's with death
and when he say you poured your heart
out
well that blood was never really
beautiful it was just red because love
love never let her natural death I'm not
scared of dying
just scared of living her life that
makes me feel death we need to take risk
if I can calculate the consequences by
loving you was the result willing to
take uncalculated
I never really believed in astrology
until I met you you have me wishing a
star signs with a line I am Aries your
lair and I could be video it's your cake
and then there would be space for both
of us on this raft and this relationship
wouldn't see another ship I should let
go but I hold on to the relation left
the ship sail and sank with the rod so
if you give me so much giving up hope of
a better past I'm not sure if forgiving
myself
only then did I realize that I had
become more like you and you like
someone I didn't know you wanted me to
loosen up but you tried I've been pulled
away turn back to me to glue the pieces
together but the woman you were she's
gone don't come back to me to get her
needy give love ah I didn't understand
poetry so if your picture paints a
thousand words let's play Pictionary
picture again with Jenga how's the box
you are the player I didn't need them
hurt the rest and they wanna pull up ah
well they're putting game in terms since
love is a gamble you tracks are oily
flesh after cards said O king and queen
but also tens but in this case I'm oka
wedding a slight touch the table to be
done another car and you split hmm I'm
not a gambling man or I'm more than
break even when I bet against the odds
because I totally being alone I'm not
scared of throwing myself at a plane
with a complete stranger but I keep
falling for you because that's what it
felt like
exhilarating yet free for limited
control feeling the wind rushing through
my fingers taking my breath away I put
my life in your hands
typing and trusting that when I land I
wouldn't come crashing beyond I guess I
tried to be calculated in love but it
didn't work because you you were honest
I didn't calculate
