and my mother says look at this picture
your mouth is wide open you never stop
talking about the burnt outside I tell
it it felt good to own something it felt
good to let something pass through my
mouth and claim it as the only aim that
is just why my mother says you could
have used your voice to thank God for
sugar water and temples and home at
least here there will always be someone
to feed you and pray with you and isn't
that sometimes a reason to be silent
aiya silent swim in an online long
skirts being pulled up to dance and the
burning of their feet on pavement which
is to say I am silent for the summer I'm
silent for children right leave your
sprinklers with some language I do not
know her flowing out of their mouths and
making a mess outside walk sorry for
their voices especially when they go
deeper and are then used to tell their
parents they hate them as if it is a
lighter package teenagehood
silently going to pool parties never to
actually dive in chlorine just to what
all of the girls who like to be called
women arrive only after hours and hours
of Shaving just to cut a towel around
their bodies and their dismal patches of
hair they missed I'm silent with those
paddles
after realizing we are never truly safe
finally money fearful essentialist the
passes that their inner Megara
finally we made in a some stripped off
the underwire but if I spill out of the
seat as we spread our legs wide
everything and doing everything else
our fathers taught us not to do I'm
painting for the first rummage of color
about tightening the skin and when a
pink scarf is the only layer between the
forehead pressing against the holy
carpet I was out at that carpet I'm
silent I'm silent because somebody loved
me once and I'm still young enough to
hike up my skirt as soon as I leave the
house and all those pictures are being
shoved in my face and I realized then it
was difficult to look at them smiling
with her also wanting to burn them it is
difficult because once you know what it
is to be lonely I guess it's just hard
to unsee things that service reminder
thinking okay no nothing like that
what good is not living for the camera
summers and when I say living I do mean
keeping quiet I do mean watching
adulthood then over our heads like a
halo I'm not letting out even one glass
