well some call me the afro samurai but I
refused to use the sword instead I used
the pen my lord this pen have you done
my mother shovel which provides for her
children without asking for returns of
wines so please let me explored let me
erode this ridiculous pains please
release this chains cause I am tired I
am sick of walking in this desert this
ceaseless Sun of expectations never
cease to grease my forehead they are
walking on me
trampling on my back asking me to
receive their culture or retreat with
mine but I refused to surrender
so I retrieve mine some call me the Afro
Samurai but I refused to use the soul
cosa m de caveman the african Congolese
Ugandan randy's the torch bearer from
the plains I am the breeze in summertime
delivering sublime rhyme to evoke hard
humanity world filled with vanity we
feel our stomachs and forget about the
teas and screams of those who can't
breathe those children mothers and
fathers who bleed like us so many poets
and storytellers swallowed by the sea
refugees like me seeking refuge from the
cries of our mothers who mourn for the
child who never learned to walk crying
for peace praying to be rescued from
this drought when the rains we say
mother nature
weeps to save us but she isn't enough to
stop our wars they call me summer right
but I am the strange strong one
struggling like soul I'm trying to find
the pole within me even though my path
lazy shower blizzards and blistered my
faith leads
I am refined but never defined by the
past because you see this cocoon holds
more than blood and flesh it's a museum
of past memories and future history
I feel no mystery cause my destiny is
close to me
