my psychologist asked me if I suffer
from suicidal ideation and I said no but
I'm not sure I understood the question
are you asking if the reason I stopped
apologizing for being late for
everything is because some days it feels
like a miracle just to get out of bed
are you asking if I've thought of
leaving my hands dead center on a
steering wheel means I need to think
about all of this and all of this and
all of this but six degrees in either
direction and that all goes away are you
asking if I'm always aware of the
sharpest knife in the house are you
asking if my first response when I found
out my cousin had big diagnosed with
cancer wasn't sorrow but envy because he
has a wife and two kids and I have so
much more use for his tumor than he does
are you asking if I know what the first
search result is when did Google what is
the best way to kill yourself it's the
number for lifeline what is a search
engine want me to live so much more than
I do are you asking if the reason I gave
away my Motley Crue ticket was with
concert because the concert was three
weeks away and that was approximately
two weeks and six days longer than I was
expecting to live are you asking if I
cringed every time a teacher told me how
much potential I had because I knew that
my aptitude for geography wouldn't mean
shit if I still start terrible living in
what the fuck does ideation mean anyway
it's nothing well the six degrees of
separation on a steering wheel making
sure there is always one very sharp
knife the static iTunes play count on
every Motley Crue song the scar that I
still see on my chest even though it's
been ten years now and the skin is
completely healed it's the promise I
made to a friend that I never try to
take my own life again why am I so
fucking great at keeping promises I
haven't even spoken to him in years I
doubt he'd even remember I should have
made that one of the terms and
conditions of the promise I wrote a
series called my life and it's starting
to drag nobody watches anymore all the
best characters left long ago there's
only one guy who's been around since the
beginning and he just talks about death
a lot he's consistent like that his
cousin has cancer and he thought he
could take the tumor from him if only
could will it hard enough because he
knows people don't talk about those loss
to cancer quite like those loss to
suicide and if he killed himself
everyone would say that he chose a diver
don't they realize it every day he
didn't kill himself was a day he chose
to live I stopped apologizing for being
late for everything because every day I
get out of bed is a day I choose to live
and if I am so
terrible at living then it must be even
worse at dying because I am standing
right here and yeah my psychologist
asked me if I suffer from suicidal
ideation and I said no because suicidal
ideation suffers from me it keeps coming
back for more and I kick its ass every
time
