let us pray I'm sitting on the 19 tram
in Melbourne or Galveston beach in Texas
or any airport in the world and a
stranger usually woman ask why your hair
so curly the you ever straighten it I
think about my driver's license I'm 18
with the puka-shell necklace blue Nike
sports shirt straight hair
unrecognizable I tell her no I tell her
I like my curls that my mother blessed
me with them let us give thanks she gets
awkward
like she almost knows she crossed a
street line asking if I ever tried to
look whiter
let us pray I show any friend the
driver's license they say doesn't look
like you at all I tell them my dad
always liked it when I straighten my
hair peace be with you and also with you
they get awkward like they don't want to
go through the daddy issues door I've
just cracked open in the name of the
Father
let us pray I'm 18 for any age before
that and my mom has driven me home from
the salon where Ronnie with the holy
blow-dryer has pulled all the curls out
of my hair for the week my dad says you
look so pretty with straight hair I tell
him nothing cuz he's my dad
he knows I'm upset he knows I like my
curls he hopes it'll make me feel better
or at least stop sulking if it doesn't
I'll get grounded so he looks so pretty
with straight hair
he looks so pretty with straight hair he
looks so pretty with straight hair you
look so pretty straight in the name of
the Father let us pray
I'm 18 at a school track need warming up
for the 1600 meter vomit fest when
pinched lips and freckles hit me like a
lightning bolt from God like recognizing
someone you've never seen before and
across the street finish line fourth and
she's too gorgeous for me to notice any
of the boys in the name of the Father
let us pray I'm 18 and Catholic wishing
I was strained wishing I was straight
wishing I was straight wishing I was
straight wishing I was straight wishing
I was straight would she have a straight
wishing I was straight
wishing my hair was straight so my
parents good love me more you look so
pretty when you're straight you look so
pretty when you're straight you look so
pretty when you're straight pretty
straight pretty straight pretty straight
I'm pretty straight since I only ever
bring men home I'm pretty straight when
my mom convinces me to straighten my
hair one more time so my boyfriend can
see it straight look how straight it
gets look how straight I could be mom
just like you peace be with you with
your straight hair and I'll sit with you
and your straight marriage I thought I
wanted to be just like you mom let us
pray all straight edged straight hair
straight woman straight prayer but I
can't let us pray can't let us pray
can't let us pray can't look can't let
can't let can't can't not have these
consecrated curls these holy river bends
meandering in and out and in and out and
in and out of straightness peace be with
you
and also with you in the name of the
Father let us pray
I'm sitting on the 19 tram in Melbourne
it goes straight up Sydney Road no one's
asked about my hair today peace be with
you and also with you in the name of the
Father no in the name of the lapsed
daughter amen
