round them strung out their voices with
laws and lives remove their choices like
waves that crush and roll like a body
purge the water of dying things cleanse
this ocean with salt and sand let them
gasp let them heave long as they don't
touch this way let's count them one
thousand voices
whyever people convicted and stopped by
people who were convicts they don't want
them to when their melanin determines
their right to medicine and then you saw
their skin their stories and their souls
and wonder they don't fight them out
you'll make a mess just write them out
it's all finesse words have power and
intention here's some tips I care to
mention limit verbs they might take
action right about the tragedy like
matter of fact you're a nun matter of
fact it's just a matter of tax make it
look inevitable write them up expensive
irresponsible expendable statistics over
names hunger strike I strike them with a
headline you fight them out I'll write
them out I'll wipe them out
I see how hard my cuts by sea
