think of running first ever think you
running further faster for that for the
think of running further faster for that
for the fandom in the fact that you
ain't never gonna get a finally when he
faced the feather the wheelie fans are
further away take the moment when you
first meet a friend wondering whether
about you didn't offend and when it
happens you can't pretend that you
didn't at least try you find yourself a
membrane random incidents and makes you
what they like and dislike and things
that could possibly be inside jokes and
consciously make a little effort here
and there to show them that you really
care see there was this boy I once knew
his parents separated when he was 1 he
was only young not knowing right from
wrong was this destruction that boy
Terfel life was a construction firm to
rise up through strife don't push me
away they say depression can actually
suppress it self-expression compress the
regression of creativity humor and
curiosity and endless in the fire with
no luminosity don't push me away you
were even a boy who jamming his solving
eyes that girl who janitor definitely
tries people do not die in a passive
suicide people dive into the sadness
don't push me away just because he threw
out his beard he was the source of all
jokes until now bg2 extremist terrorist
the list goes on the label placement do
not allow a good environment that all
these labels are just fables of the
imagination comment heading into a
never-ending pit of frustration don't
push me away my choices don't reflect my
hopes my fears I've been forced to make
to shift my own gears to ignite a fight
within myself to relight the flame that
was exhausted exhausted I ana exhaust we
are exhausted I have of the stigma that
follows extremism conservatism head
citizen ill-defined leading to a more
refined sense of racism exhausted we are
of the endless stresses now people
saying because our dude it's a little
bit
I stand up for women after all we need
less men but I refuse to but we need to
get rid a woman no more woman politician
for women politicians never woman doctor
but women physicians no more all in the
field but more women do it for the women
around you the women out there because
in order to societies to transform women
need to remain at the table hey man take
it easy don't worry bro I set up all
right dude leave me alone sometimes I
wish that the press of a button I could
rewind time to a place where I could
prevent things rather than standing here
on a stage just venting to a time where
I could stop those cuts to look them in
the eyes and tell her she wasn't a
to heal those hands to heal those Souls
after all we all suffer within don't we
now understand at the edge of the gap
filling the harsh spray with the sea
mist and my tongue and lips and then I'd
see them approaching one by one those
souls in perche
one by one rising out of the rocks one
by one making me brave I would stand in
front of each of them one by one telling
each one of them that they have someone
I would hold her hands I would give him
a hug and slowly but surely I would tug
at them stepping back slowly from the
ledge don't push me away I can't do this
on my own don't push me away the world's
a big place we can get lost easy we have
the option to stray from the path we're
set on sometimes we move in the
direction we fall we pick ourselves up
and continue to draw deep rugged breaths
we take a look at us surrounds and
realize the grounds who've made pick
yourself up dust yourself off keep
moving never stop don't look back keep
moving don't let the mistakes you make
define who you are the trail you make
refine who you are there's a great man
once said darkness cannot drive out
darkness and the mic can do that hate
cannot drive out hate only love to do
that but when you think you live love
spreads but hate spreads further so let
me tell you something look she ever
chase the feather disease might never
get again and let the feather country
rule she will do so when it's true
