I promise - homey little classy but this
one I am sorry
bring me so much bliss like the sweet
release of death or a constant baby shit
to her I'd say by hope I yes with her
gone
I would have to deal with the shit of
racist remarks and homophobic rhetoric
but he said like to think that but I
can't deny the fact that she Co
supporters been back to racist shit that
she spits back and his wife scary when
you think about that anyway for saying
my food is not allowed
wanting refugees or boats sent back to
drown Saint fuck off West will get out
so giving the impression that it's
accepted that you serve my culture of
fear of rejection just because you don't
believe in the message of sending of
peace but no you draw the noose
interpreter to serve your air it means a
political agenda to spread it amongst
our screens as your distasteful voice is
amplified by the microphones powered by
ABC and that's why you can't hear us
screaming every time there's a bombing
every time there's a shooting every time
saying when the most community idea I'm
right fuckin here right here where
everyone in this room I'm right here
buddy I'm gonna apologize him per se
because the shit you see on TV is not in
any way representation of Elmyra
of am I really
about peace harmony and acceptance but I
swear this discrimination nation is
testing my patience and they hate is
certainly not going to make this one
last statement at least I haven't made
myself clear and you need some
clarification so come here
