sensitive the brave
I wrote that number let the brave
something gauge it's not my own
forgive me Lord you know what for still
tell what people to call me poor forgive
me God you know I fall I know you think
God now you feel it Lord lost give me a
spirit I see monsters in the mirror life
sir
misting getting clearer don't feel the
boredom of a man one day Kanye will
understand a couple of a touch and me
loneliness look like leprosy begging for
attention please touch me I need
affection see he wants to music feeling
woozy from misty was not feeling choosy
half groovy half crazy but it has its
moments stuntmen some nights when I lay
in my bed golden words danced in my head
and I swear I heard the angels sing kill
thy your love like in real revolution is
within but I'm a man and so I sing I
travel my demons in the gym life must be
down with the sunsets bro life gets dim
knocks me down dude always when I am a
man and so I skin but that's okay my
would forgive up talk to God he said let
me bloom in spring so if they smarter in
the room I call that brew for
improvement I had a dream I made MLK
speechless I woke up and wrote this
speech yes sir swear to God God made me
great touch with my hasta fight the hate
good riding bones to take always hungry
never too much on my plate when I speak
you shiver on the giver of truth broken
human condition just want to give it a
boost so when my bones hit your ears I
pray they silence some your fears use
these pages while it is I ain't - puck
ain't Nicole my words might never leave
a hole but true
the legal model might be a muscle my
words of gospel watch being bought to
break your hub expand your mind to make
you smile just to keep brothers to stop
just wait and watch it soon you see you
haven't seen the half of me till then
stay free just live bro be
