500 characters where do I start
hello today let's just start with hi hi
the names of Marat I love on walks on
the beach and listening to you talk
about your day and I'm like the way I'm
six six seven oh you know what let's go
for six the one that could be six but
100 day my something taller boots and
throw in a mask quite the truth hi the
names Moran I love long walks the beach
and listening to you talk about your day
six the ones that are just arrived in
Sydney I've been to your start
University and to get away from the
dragged by heat and definitely not be as
far away from xmen type the name is
Miranda other one was the beach and
listening to you talk about retail and
chic someone on there just arrived in
Sydney left my hobbies my hopefully
writing all my burdens millions of the
town and a blog post except for the
feelings that really heard me put down
those one and a half time Cortino
hobbies include woodworking I love
working with my hands and putting things
together but despite all my practice and
really bad TV things together not my
hobbies included of working out and
these there must be some ABS on world
flat hair are you trying to set some
baggage hi the names Moran I love long
walks on the beach and listening to you
talk about your tan I'm 6 foot 2 and I'm
just correct you need to get in the drag
bike dude there are deep philosophical
thoughts and humility I'm looking for
some new friends to help kill the time
the boredom and the neverending nagging
in my head that constantly reminds me of
cast ugly people even in the end oh man
the names to get away from the drive-by
he obviously tops 4 million people
I'm looking to make new friends my right
to know
