you see I present poetry in the form of
two one zero two two twos are four
inhale two three four six and eight ten
twelve fourteen sixteen to thirty
seventh symphony where there is always
that I answer with the next answer only
steps from the one before you see two
nines are eight to ten 20 22 24 26 28
and 30 30 days in a month 12 months in a
year at five years I like to film
sentences in English not understanding
why not you know why knowing two
languages before was simply not enough
why when I spoke words out of a
dictionary no one wanted to listen so he
spoke in the language of numbers
relished in the artistry of how the
endlessness of pie full circle and how
you and I are products of meat chance
random assortment DNA that is
fundamentally the same that makes you an
eye product of Nietzsche fallen victim
to nurture torture my answer is not the
answer that we want to keep the fact
that left no longer it was right back
that numbers no longer form a symphony
but cacophony of screams and voices man
that sound at the bus at some point I
stopped keeping count not by virtue of
the fact that I ran out of pages to
write on but simply that the numbers did
not add up the 99% of me you see with
the target on its back is not naturalist
the one who will think of me you see as
human is not unnatural you see sometimes
chance can explain nature and nature can
explain
balls of mathematics Phoenix for every
action there is an opposite and equal
reaction we see laws can no longer
explain understand rest in life how long
to cheat at latitude can decide the
value of a life how wanna make is worth
more than the sound of thousand screwed
in the back alleys of civilization how
old no longer has a price how long now
has a price subject to some wise men's
tales about camaraderie and Wars and
explorers and greats but somehow became
rules - one woman - - color - three
religion - for geography until the zero
weight whole and then reset pull the
flood reprogram actually I forgotten how
to program human back into humanity
voices into revolution revolution in
truth I promoted at how the next answer
only stems from the one before freedom
creation innovation nations going back
to basics
- - 1 - 2 - 0 4 6 8 10 and 12 the clock
strikes 12:00 and reset
