this beautiful ocean was once a
nightmare to me a blue water blue sky
blundered and death nets were produced
for KI and so thin smoke was there I
inhaled and if I could ever color my
fear it will be red a danger zone a
chemical home prohibited human zone this
beautiful ocean was once a nightmare to
me life went without meaning a dry as
dry as dry mouth and eyes without sight
and the earth beneath us were enemies of
waves crashing like the tectonic plate
our hope crushed away this beautiful
ocean was once a nightmare to me but I I
was a cotton of my action I embraced my
bravery not my destination and as the
days pass Australia come close a lavish
land full of life
a group of doping matching like the
Amazon and aldrick day but this
beautiful ocean was once my skating cage
where I sought refuge she really cares
at some point because she protected me
from the wall created a she'd give
shelter and this world became a
playground where humans at toys and life
is full of exams but this beautiful
ocean this beautiful ocean taught me how
to appreciate and right at this moment
when I come close to her silence of a
tech my brain she says she says she says
do you remember me
she says do you remember me I'm only
good for visit not long journeys the
sand with her welcome home and I wrote
this poem I was not far from her her
gentle cool breathe inspire me to write
but she says she says I'm not good for
long journeys but only for short visits
thank you
