they asked me where I'm from and I
struggle to tell them that I am cedar on
eucalyptus lands and I and from the land
that will one day consume our bodies Six
Feet Under
but I am from the land that today
consumes me because it makes me wish
that I was six feet under the I am
transplanted heart in rejecting body
that I wish she knew that I am somebody
that I am a rose in the barrel of an
ak-47 and I am inspired because I'm only
ever exotically desired and only ever
really required to fill a quota they
asked me where I'm from and I tell them
that I am fully sick
but they don't know is that I am also
fully sick and tired of people seen
wipsy jab this melon and this name I
told them where I'm from but all I get
in responses hipsters trying to play my
taboos my son lost my philosophy you
gladly follow up my culture but speak me
out because I make you uncomfortable
because I am just as Australian as you
I'm just as immigrant as you are but you
are still uncertain of where and
suddenly ask me where I'm from and I
told them that my first breath of air
was in a hospital room on Eldred Road in
banks down that my foundations are
snow-capped Lebanese mountains with the
rest of me is only just parish a blue I
tell them that my first breath of air
should have been Mediterranean Sea
sound good stars but you pillage my
lands and let politicians complain
owl flee from your terror with terrorism
so now I can only see the stars from
afar they tell me it's cloudy because I
live in the city I told them that I
can't see the stars from here because
you closed my curtains every night I
guess it's really just because I'm not
they asked me where I'm from and I told
them that I am blessed to live under a
gland belonging to the eora nation still
not forgotten for thousands of
generations that I am NOT a new
generation of Australian that my
grandfather carried this country on his
back that my grandmother gave this
country her backbone but you're still
convinced that I am not from the country
that you claim to own
but I know the next time someone asks me
where I'm from
I'll struggle to tell them because it's
hard for me to comprehend the piece line
we feel so alone but I somehow you call
Australia home
