don't you know mr. Ward don't you know
that bloody soil does not yield olive
trees for 68 years I have been a slave
to my fears I have bathed in my tears
but 68 years I have been a guest in my
own home
what is Philistine without its teen is
Philistine a memory we have not
forgotten yah oh man nakba lat you
murdered my father and stole the stones
beneath which I buried his bones you
settled and left us Restless you turned
our school yards into minefields your
fences restrain us maim us but apartheid
won't leave us untied why must our poets
be illiterate I must I mentioned the
violated conventions the flaws in your
laws and protocols cursed be the
corrupters of Zion fuck this occupation
should I recite the history of Stolen
Generations David drunk on subjugation
killed Goliath took his place
why must you exterminate my race Oh
Israel
Oh puppet masters of continents I
learned that power was perfect
corruption when Uncle Sam kissed King
David's feet at instruction Oh David why
does your star rape our sky have you
forgotten the underdogs
Oh David awaken and sing a psalm of
peace forget mr. war he is old now this
is an old round Myka faier will not be
fondled by moths it is no ordinary
tablecloth it is freedom
in her checkers so long as I can whisper
I will shout respect my existence or
expect my resistance ya are a fact yeah
a bajalia yeah are we dance in your
graves Philistine does not forget her
brave hearts Philistine will not bend
our blood will not blend this occupation
it will end and in the last days it
shall be Netanyahu who cries my God my
God why have you forsaken me
