1516 to 1918 new fella under Ottoman
rule 1920 many lines through and Cordia
a country handed you over like table
salt to the French and interest
colonisation 1924 you gained your
independence
Oh need to be torn apart inside out 1958
raging civil wars and conflicts had
holding water run around quarter prayers
from solemn in a language they no longer
understood for the brothers that could
barely recognize each other
1967 he became home to clean neighbors
hope they'll pray to invasion and
occupation 1985 in the meantime your
neighbors brought their baggage with
them use your living room as a space to
deal with this
they assessment assassinated your
belly's structure mountains of their
Peaks to a bunch of monuments set
farther to hope people unity and made
traps out of their children's toys
beautiful view resisted run in the new
millennium by ending the occupation left
with a parting gift of tragedy and
struggles that you didn't get to
comfortable before more neighbors came
knocking on your door 2006 they're not
so friendly that couldn't take no for an
answer the first time kept kicking in
the doors held artillery she turned the
filled skies handing out the fiction
notices as an act of courtesy and said
they've come for what isn't theirs
leaders come from power
Bailey walking a straight line
non-existent policies and it all remains
the same but you continue to sing the
song of glory days and sighs continues
shanties in the hopes that one day you
create a you create a storm of
oppression waves that purify you you
continue to dance off your feet
to the rhythm of Brazilians of Pride and
resistance of we have better days to
come yeah look now teach me compassion
to truly mean that when I say both faith
fun my home is your home Glee you've
always meant it's teaching me the kind
of hospitality the Leatherneck is show
the kind of hospitality that insists on
showing the person's work through food
teach me identity I was both in your
country that says I am foreign there are
not enough despite my blue passport like
your people who tell me that I am
foreign that I'm not enough because of
my blue passport you teach me how the
Halloween the wind that carries me to
you the whole meeting the love of true
romantics remind them of the great poets
these phone writers that brings life
back into words for every other language
to shame kind of done teach me remain
hopeful to know if return teach you to
climb atop the cedar trees that refuse
to bounce at their winds that use to
turn to ash and kiss their roots yeah
nope none yeah baby my country your
weapon my homeland teach me
