so this is actually one of my favorites
this one is
you like
she's got five minutes and she's late
for school which is doing homework but I
don't take the bait I hang back cool let
the work but still I look curious
because the expression is dubious I get
the impression but teachers furious that
she didn't handed in yesterday but
instead I say need any help she jumps
with a yoke gives me a thumb beneath up
she smiles and I'm not she knows how it
distracts me but I'm persistent as I'm a
looksie I say sister it's helping work
she says resistant it's a personal
reflection she admits and with the
feeling inflection commits to repeated
dejection
score our skill center
no I prompt let's look at the question
don't get swamped and the George said
Chiefs pumped
but finally concedes destroyer she
pleads before mom sees question one
favorite food when you will five and is
the I arrived at an answer
it was chicken with garlic sauce let's
see question to your favorite Hannah it
was a horse
question three and my now she's staring
at me aside like thinking that many
people get one wrong question three
favorite toy maybe one you will for
laundry finally had to throw it out man
he would shower so I got you a money
favorite pet your bunny I now my mom's
watching thinking it's funny question
five pet's name oh god it was late that
fluffy tiny thing was black and white
and you thought that as if it was a
knife so lucky and white thing was big
as heck on hill at the site I still
remember the peck on the cheek you gave
me and thanks as makes her life join the
ranks all the other pets protecting my
little princess and my mom stands
witness it's all true she admits to my
sister sits with rapt attention question
six she asked with a presentation
favorite game to play and I tell her of
the way we'd make pretend she could jump
into my heart and find a friend a guy
above just like me on this wall and
lonely he'd call her they've gone
arrived
go exploring to the caves of my love for
her little boring to say we played for
hours as we shouted in for us and
enlighten the bowels of trees sprouted
with the same ease with which I love my
bed because my little princess
if sin suddenly she squirmed duress as
fun but filming and she tries to press
on and fool me
when I send something's wrong question 7
current weight in kilos Jean tonnes
trying her best as each word blows from
her chest
one last side she starts to cry now can
can I lie my baby my little princess
take notes because there's gonna be a
test let me spell out to you how
beautiful you are how fast darkens
you're the star from that nursery
arrived
you'd seen all the damn time running
around in your nappy the word happy
isn't any other to explain how you make
me feel twinkle twinkle
every corn that the interesting war
would steal my breath away I don't keep
this I will fuel my love for you my
little princess you humble this whole
man's word but I'll try my best
I won't mom walk here it goes again
your skin is like the milk
you never spill your hand in mine the
world worn heal the soul with will
just with I'd be your shield your voice
the core to my heartstrings biggering of
myth and legend when it sings your mind
and an engine of wit your eyes live with
the same green turn our mom tried to
learn to me as well but mine are muddy
are yours our own well for which my soul
can drink and swallow so don't you dare
think that your beauty is ever in
question my baby that which he might
little princess your feet tread on
Yates's embroidered cloths poets bed
that's the old poems the food for months
Whitman's Leaves of Grass can kiss my
white ass you are the journey work of
the Stars
you're the bars in the railroad epic a
master of his fate then though you would
promise
Robert Frost would keep you are Paradise
Lost we found it in my sleep
you are new root is a hundred love
sonnets you are commuters trying will
disguise thousand comments by which I
quit the perfect ankle you tilt your
head when I finished with all I said
really you know you a squiggly you're
not just making fun of me you are an
open ocean a sea is full beauty given
life and formal ocean to my torn and
cracked skin warm thinning of abstract
thing about it my love for you is here
and now and has always been so don't you
ever doubt my baby told my little
princess go finish your home then the
headband teacher
