16 but anyone the audience has battled
anxiety or depression late okay this
one's what I found her I found her she
wasn't washed at all like I thought
she'd be I found her laughing it seemed
the joke was on me good God I found her
panda eyes and collar bones but inside
her flowers grow I found her scream the
world on her fingertip licking her lips
and shooting hoops with it good God I
found her and within her chest the Baron
eighth of winter and frozen melting a
bloom with the splendor of spring her it
was parted like dates they welcomed the
blossoms and the bees they work on fate
and all its misery they welcomed life
and all its uncertainty I found her and
good God was she fears with her burdens
between her teeth tasting them with her
tongue hanging her demons one by one by
one I found her setting fire to all of
her weeds so that fresh fruits can grow
I watched her dance among the embers a
warrior in the afterglow I found a
silver lining a symphony she is chaos
than she is order and she is everything
in between I found her and good god is
she marvelous a hurricane of soul
stopping for no one out of control I
found her gracefully grateful for the
gifts you've been given throwing her
love life confetti in the air for anyone
for everyone and she was glowing and she
was singing
and she was just everything good god I
found her having almost given up search
almost swallowed whole by the hurt I
found her and I kissed her hand my fair
lady me unapologetically I found her and
I and her became us and we I found her
and she forgave me
