sod there of chambers comes back on the
inside gets away from him gives it away
to just just some developing news about
believed to be carrying 105 asylum
seekers has capsized north of Christmas
soon debrecen a polis perfection has
arrived new dream liquid mr.
last
I think I can probably say have a bit of
sex appeal can I ask what you were
wearing tonight dozens of recorded
attacks against women wearing the hedge
up there's Hawks Berg pretty forces oh
there is Vic Victoria better
set sail in my mushroom sea vessel leaky
with anxiety and you'll see my
depressing point of view for work harder
than the greediest crew to earn enough
to make to my work at the greatest for
burns egg muscle saw yeah your wallet is
a whore murdered every single store bank
balance Cold War I can't pay for it
anymore waves of misery crashing to me
your love is cold as an officer I'll
marry slowly sinking deeper and deeper
to think i knitted a keep on out of you
I see the Grim Reaper black robe sick or
empty eyes is bleed from razor lies
death with a beautiful disguise
controlling me what's between your lies
ahead the way our love tasted needed to
be constantly wasted very discussions of
Satan's who's had a temptation Algiers
created the sea pity / worthless loyalty
I treat our kid like royalty Miley real
priority complain about work to a mother
with two jobs I have a career but work
doesn't stop there herb is not
relaxation home is cleaning and cooking
and caring for our kids
it's more than nine to five it's the
responsibility that we were meant to
shoulder together our joint bank account
houses income from the two of us I'm not
frivolous with my cash what is bought is
what is needed my wallet is no hole be
ugly slutty is your marriage vows they
have cheated our tails me no issue with
our bank balance imbalance between us is
the problem every word is drenched in
hostility the only time you love me is
when you make love to me you say you see
death in my eyes have you asked yourself
why it's there this was never a question
of my loyalty I have given more to this
family then you have that athlete place
liquid in your flask and when my
matchstick burns lit up the alcohol in
your bloodstream i shattered the glass
caging my heart break in case of
emergency no fire extinguisher could
salvage these actually means so you can
tell me you've changed you can tell me
you've tried that I am now shielded by a
fortress less fried Alvin glass so why
don't you take this newfound sobriety
trade that ego is for some decency and
make sure our child isn't late for
school again
bitches in Chains and sweaters and we
always argue about the same thing
hey tell me why
occupied same thing
nobody's hurt nobody's working hey hey
yeah sorry about gonna take you to the
school today but I'm worried running
legs you can meet your friends to the
bus stop right yeah have a good day at
school nobody hates you
you
you make an actual get a forfeit it down
the station please what do you mean six
bucks are bullshit mate listen the bus
is 450 from here god damn station all
right I've been catching these busters
before you were born a right always been
for 50 from here in the bloody station
now mate y no it's definitely not six
bucks right you're running some Roy your
bloody Indian curry muncher I made
murder you listen to me now all right
listen to me how is getting perhaps is
going to bear i'm gonna do now he's
right notice all right i'm going to give
you for vp right you're going to put it
until you're going to punch some buttons
and print out my receipt now what's
going to happen next is you're going to
join with you out of the station all
right i'm going to get off and i'm going
to say thank you very much have a nice
day sir all right all right there's my
receipt thank you very much so we win
situation for every boy and thanks to my
fucking bucks drivers don't agree how to
do their bloody jobs properly ah excuse
me what's there plenty walking next time
fucking pussies think you money on your
country sorry yeah that's right this is
our country year over long here go back
to where you came from and we even 22 oh
that's plain bullshit made and you know
it that was so bullshit my great great
great ancestors came Jesus before you
even born and they raised his country
from the dirdir with it I'm sweating
their teas all right here oh fucking
belong here you're the reason this
country's name is being titled excuse me
your search my face fun oh my work is
mellow
you're fucking shrink I make your mama's
chin your damn show when you were born
there was something wrong with your mind
Wow go shoot you squiddy ridemaster done
come here in make my country alright
when every morning I wake up and go down
to tie my laces and in the back of my
head since at which down my vertebrae
reminding me of all those racist faces
especially that face which rejected and
neglected me from getting onto that bus
I did not know her reason why but when
she woke the wrong person she turned
around and apologizing saying sorry it
was him I didn't want to let in because
of his African era brown colored skin I
felt offended offended to the point
where i thought because i was born on
this soil it automatically meant that i
blended i thought i was in australian I
thought wrong to them I was somewhat of
an outsider and alien are right with you
and she said we are in danger of being
swamped by agents so foreign with
slanted eyes and your own skin they
called cabramatta the heroin capital of
Australia where the gooks rebel in sin
but United an armed with the flow of
time we pushed against entire book
personally but it was no piece of cake
because apparently they have their own
culture and religion and do not
assimilate em arriving UND enunciate
every syllable bow consonant constant
condescending concerns it's in the
creases of their foreigners eyes widened
gesticulations grow sentences slow they
are uninterested in pain credence your
university degree to your multi lingual
82 your flea comprehension of their
message spoken unspoken you are not
broken for the pleasure they are
speaking to has yet to hinder your
understanding rather it has been
enhanced elevated you know now that as
they precisely peace and overthrew my
ethnic soul that we are the ones who
plead for freedom freedom that is free
you know now that our
narratives not bound by a poster naughty
color of us came around be vicious cycle
that society has Pleistocene and Sunnah
now
bro how good was the game last night man
it was insane a couple if we made it to
the semi spot out time I I know I but
honestly that breaking news and I know
my dad was saying man those boats those
refugee boats that keeps sinking bloody
know and that's good because honestly
they come here with you your backward
ways of thinking and they halal food is
the hell out of them now and then and
then they are you know take our
government's money for the housing and
all that oh my god but broke guess what
well I got the free housing report about
the ocean oh I ever made tell your
cousin to stop burning a 40 I refuse to
dignify the question you are not worth a
response you asked me for a solution but
it is people you see as it is you the
source of the problem is the
misconstrued phrases the adolescent
phases of solidarity hashtag all right
with you of polarity hashtag kill all
Muslims to ask me what side I am on I
want to ask you the same please explain
let's ship the circus lights to the
gentleman far right how do you feel when
individuals of your own skin have been
responsible for the colonization of
India the genocide of Jews murder of a
Yemeni spies rape of altar boys and
recession world wide you shuffle up in
your seat you blush up to the brightest
red hairs up sweetie limbs society
cannot operate on a barometer calibrated
to your settings of stereotypes that
make you comfortable of moral compasses
skew common sense diluted so much so
that apparently the war on terror
requires terror and innocence remember
her
that green-eyed girl on that National
Geographic cover we do not know her name
us her green eyes are another anomaly of
the Eastern world she is the girl who
fears clear skies silence translated to
a nervous panic destruction so common
they do not bother to rebuild homes def
a minute so there is a graveyard in her
yard to you another casualty in a game
called bud slip but to me hope fades
what is for me bit in the states I
refuse to condemn I refuse to apologize
for i am the girl who wanders what
could've would've been you yo yo which
one are you 11 which one you know the
ones the pretty face the big ass they're
discussing the least you could do is
have the decency to learn her name but
complain i wanna hear another stop
complaining bitch my throat is raw but
my voice will keep tearing it till I
stop hearing that my skirt is too short
my shorts too high waisted my waist too
slim to wide for you to wrap your hands
around and squeeze consume I need more
makeup less makeup longer hair but God
forbid it's anywhere but my head shave
wax cut ripped me until I'm a little
again baby skin smooth trusting pliant
when I am out with full of my female
friends the statistics tell me that at
least one of us has been or will be
sexually assaulted and almost ninety
percent of the time we will know the
person who violates us still that ten
percent makes me fear strangers on the
street because I know to them a smile
flirts at sex and no contact reads
virgin bitch either one neither one a
true invitation but either one their
motivation aggravation no consolation
they laugh and it becomes humiliation
our mere existence there temptation
fulfill me fix me tame me choke me you
will never be the one that broke me I
will bite any hand that covers my mouth
I know my voice and it screams it shouts
I will not apologize for your lack of
control over me I will not say sorry for
believing I have rights I will not bite
my tongue when you say I'm too young to
understand because if I am old enough to
get cat called on the street I'm old
enough to know whether I'm asking for it
on the red carpet ask her more than the
name of her dresses designer or who did
her makeup ask her how she's feeling
what she's learned from this film and
how she's grown from this experience in
the Senate comment less on her sex or
her gender or how she styled her hair
today listen to
what she's saying here her ideas and
policies stop stopping at the thought of
women in power on the tennis court stop
focusing on the length of her dress or
the groans of exertion that you twist
into sexual pleasure look at the way she
plays her skill spilling across the
arena don't ask her to give you a spin
ask her how it feels to win
oh my gosh d Joseph footy last night did
you see the players oh I think you watch
the footy all the footy player is always
in the news for sexual or so they're
always drunk like you put them strong
medic miss earth friends let alone fans
you know my friends although they don't
play sport they support me as if I was
their family hanging to score a
touchdown last week nah man I scored
three however the professional fame
fortune and success money drugs civil
unrest and sex offenders are our
country's best athletic contenders
belittling two entertainers societies to
face painters I mean it's as if the
authoritarian coach hired by society has
trained us to see the impossibility of
equality like everybody's equal somebody
fucks up or where there's a different
jersey color with a different number
stating the insignificance of your
existence like we can belittle you we
can attack you we can insult you and you
can do nothing to resistance a hundred
yards will become 100 scars stains my
hearts arteries with each studded step
imprinting internally bleeding memories
of terminally seating enemies three
touchdowns these three big downs
cowardly punches from behind resulting
in the crowning of criminals as kings of
death sentences a 50-percent pass
completion rate is the percentage of FB
in star and Twitter followers who from
state to state of riots on tour as they
Benson
their own check and unjust emotions like
we are war two end zones facilitate the
imprisonment of my fate as their
reiterate the state of this function the
society is consumed by the consumption
of losing yet winning at all costs the
sad reality is that i played gridiron
and i am water pussy hashtag never have
I ever done the armor of gladiators my
leggings chest plate and helmet
equipping the ridicule and scrutinizing
speculation of spectators the gridiron
field is now the Coliseum in which I am
forced to fight for my right and freedom
never have I ever play like a wild beast
that loose from the cage enslaved in a
life of torment hatred and rage because
I have not been in the ear of an
opponent like a Canterbury bulldog
since when has sport become a
classifying and categories and match how
I consider to be the sacred gateway
between a woman's legs which is the only
reason that gives meaning to the phrase
future of humanity you can see is this
statement is branded into my chest a
burning piece of iron why I take offense
in defense of sexual difference racial
difference cultural difference religious
difference whether you are birth brown
white asian muslim or indigenous the
final product is indifference and it's
deciding not understand this and society
does not understand humanity
ah every pixel a pistol camera loaded
action shot of our call back here in sku
of al-qaeda features most scrutinized
and angered self committees photographic
suicide your words are empty and you're
seeing only on facebook i wonder how
many selfies at all for you to get that
perfect look it's ned photon your book
your profile is just a bunch of
gobbledygook your words are empty and i
had a constant obsession of my digital
omnipresence simply to attain attention
of your content with quintessence dipped
headfirst into social convention I've
learned my lesson written on your face
in your lines of tension your words are
empty my words may be empty but my
intentions pure I see myself in it gets
me s soliloquy staring across an ocean
of electricity at your great life hey
I'll hope fade into obscurity enveloped
by your promiscuity no longer will I
strive to pal upstream along the eastern
river of your computer screen now longer
will every levels and shockwaves of
pixels along an electrical trajectory no
longer will I be incarcerated in your
online penitentiary forever lost in your
virtual memory your lies and the
combination of tho LOL x earth and OMG
infuse read a selection of emojis have
been tap tap tap into a virtual only a
fraction of this real world they are
intangible untouchable unfathomable too
many your words and empty not just
because there's a half drunk drink step
aside a semi complete sodoku the
metaphor of sports so you are half drunk
on my empty tap tap tapping your feeling
for semi complete much like my response
the dot dot dot appears disappears if
the tap tap tap pause retract now i saw
it snapping from the virtual to the
tangible the touchable the fallible the
dots have disappeared now a scene 7 33
left in their place reconciling their
country this is obscene it things that
myself has been misunderstood my part
isn't insecure this screen isn't the
only expression of my immersion but your
words are empty and no okay
to be accepted in this unraveled
rebellious era you must adhere to the
following checklist check this out God
we need to give the job to fly and
brother learn and i'll text anyone David
and then but we get away we pass extra
small pool of cooking faulty shit and
I'm girls ever elevated for water I
forget the monkeys huh what are we
missing from the corner the 65 check
water check conference Jimmy offering
expectation then it can depending on
who's this check is all of us plan
listen conscience and expectations but
you will be kidding I never did this
before I don't want to do this no no no
i never did this before I don't wanna do
this no more dog fake hopes helpless
goes I need to be a gist up with a
musket ball my friends think i need
y'all to be made whole but then i'm home
so come on let's face the facts so
common eyes face the facts by standard
to uphold our standards models forgotten
respect regarding values diminished
selects distinguish and along with it
actos sleazy just to please me so please
take it
professor not on the fees I've got a
piece of the master for I am a
masterpiece the hood for brains fitting
suburban folklore I picked up this go it
was pretty cheap brown eyes friendly
blinded by pinching off the back the
chatter of class smart intelligent this
guy's like bras the oilman's was her big
we won't see them yes honey like Jim
vomit in the fee and the 40 sticky guy
Edie's nephew huge hickey so we move
outside they'll take his pumping rising
alcohol supply everybody's bumping as a
chew whose side goes on some flesh
forest hill of fresh brand new keepers
explore sticky keys suburban folklore
that I picked up this go cross the
chlorinated see looking directly at me
with her gentle hazel eyes humpin
raising two new high so I walk try to
look who are not so cool I look like a
tool to like bump into someone and they
fall into the pool hey also rocks of
alcohol corrupts the state of mind drugs
blind the conscious forth new war is
fought the back alley exposed to
violence the violence army of mindless
Trump's fighting from feeds the humans
left he has to tear apart the residence
this is the cornerstone our intelligence
as I retreat blew a red light up the
street run from Inquisition brother on
my legs are sore tonight
meeting in addition to my friend
suburban Paul for I two legs legs arms
browse trim trees fucked to their idea
of infection me we are girls not get
women if you believe that having the
life sucked out of us is our ticket to
their fast concealer applied sleepless
nights forgotten winged liner elevating
our perspectives orderly to be limited
by the weight of our false lashes giving
me we ask false immunity from their
stares of fungal gazes lowering but
never to the ground there I special
between skirt and knee between that and
thigh between color and waste their
hunger not satiated one look is never
enough and then there were first
reminds me we us to unzip our hearts
from our sleeves to reapply our lip
stick out early shield for these boys
not get men have hands the cold
arrogance and aggression and minds them
often or more than bland conversation
and have smirks that girl willingly
molded to their idea of perfection we'll
keep forward and that is the cornerstone
of our intelligence why do we look at
each other's and naturally or nor look
at all is our version of harmless fun
that's placed on repeat the build-up of
fear and anxiety as your car pulls in
the driveway from a late night out
drinking with the boys knock knock knock
corridors filled with alcohol infused
incense pillow stained yellow from salty
tears bathroom sink painted red blood
washed off his hands he used to be a
gentle man but now treats me like a
trophy from a one-night stand remorse
turned to hatred always wondered why we
dated I can't tell you what it really is
I can only tell you what it feels like
when the abuse is no longer in words and
your touch isn't as soft as it used to
be when the site of a locked door is my
only safe haven and when holding the
biggest kitchen utensil is a formidable
form of protection you cry out the words
baby I'm sorry it'll never happen again
and repeat and repeat and repeat I am a
righteous King making a claim of your
land exploiting it for all that it is
worth ripping its crops salting the
earth your nation raises a white banner
my ego proceeds in an artistic matter
lending hues of brown eyed blues crimson
violet violently imprinting on your
canvas a war-torn revising where I am
not accustomed to the native tongue of
excuses yet she screams painting a
linguistic portrait of my tyranny get
your hands off me words uttered
criticizing the calloused hands to
sculpting her figure molding mountain
range
forming gushing vermilion rivers a
trickle down and listless arms writing
fingers I breathe air alcoholic vapor
lingers what is a woman without me what
is a woman who could not hold on to her
partner what is a woman who cannot be
sacrificed in silence what is a woman
she asked herself over and over is she
the woman who suffocates words in
visible bruises envelop English hues and
blue and red is she the woman who gulps
back salty tears every single thought
she the woman whose lips quiver with
fear when they ask her are you all right
her lips inch open heavy breath long
hauls she clenches her recent the same
way she did as a child so her mother
would have scold him being reckless on
the swing her graze knees sting with
pain I'm fine thinking she clarifies
with a broken smile because the fact is
that in existence with the truth is not
the one where the truth will set you
free but it is an existence of scorn
look of tainted touch where they think
human contact and see her skin when an
embrace is all she yearns walk is the
panic real and height of her sight her
hearing her speech as she seeks a
friendly face but to no avail she
releases her wrist but as she does she
grasped onto the thought that in
existence with the
would be worse than the truth itself
worst version after the violent
retaliation to the question where have
you been all night if I knew such
questions were to revive never would
have come home that night ultimately
never resulting in a fire because you
see I am no saint but next time I will
try to search some restraint you no
longer wear your blood drives the walls
like fresh Frank no longer will you
cringe in fear at the sight because we
would no longer fire let me ask you or
something what is a man got to stand for
with the pack to seem tough what is a
man this feels red paint upon a white
canvas what is a man who shows are
relentless force behind closed doors to
express his masculinity forced her to
cover up the scars to avoid the screw to
me because you see for men we didn't
give our cranes one of our ribs just to
break
in front of your house there are
numerous calls dressed in their finest
coat of paint fairly steady shivering
the monks with warmth that one truck the
worth of that one truck is far greater
than all cars crowd and boil as it
brings the groceries to the table what
is the reason the bills are paying your
front door feels like the neighborhood
lighthouse the type that makes me feel
more home than at home inside there's
too much caring much love much
thoughtfulness and every stall all the
rooms in it why is her nice to meet your
collection of hats hang on the more one
permanently stained beanie the worth of
that one beam is far greater than all
the hats it protects your permanently
staying hair from the cold I discover
calm when your head rested on my
shoulder no shaky hands now no anxiety
the week means why so nice to me
well each year more than 130 Australians
mostly women are murdered by someone
close to them veteran police have been
brought to tears after a Melbourne
father allegedly murdered his two young
daughters look Betty the tired schoolboy
whose senseless death touched hearts
around Australia the estranged husband
of a young woman who was stabbed to
death in western Sydney has been charged
with her murder the body of 26 year-old
Leila lrv was found yesterday morning in
the underground car park of a shopping
centre at Auburn
you
