which one you know the one the preface
the big ass another stop complaining
bitch my throat is wrong but my voice
will keep tearing until I stop hearing
that my skirt is too short my shorts too
high-waisted my waist too slim too wide
for you to wrap your hands around and
squeeze consume I need more makeup less
makeup longer hair but god forbid it's
anywhere but my head shave wax cuts
ripped me until I'm a little girl again
baby skin smooth trusting pliant
when I am out with full of my female
friends the statistics tell me that at
least one of us has been or will be
sexually assaulted and almost 90% of the
time we will know the person who
violates us still that 10% makes me fear
strangers on the street because I know
to them a smile floods at sex and no
contact reads virgin bitch either one
neither one a true invitation but either
one their motivation aggravation no
consolation they laugh and it becomes
humiliation I'll meet existence their
temptation fulfill me fix me tame me
choke me you will never be the one that
broke me I will fight any hand
KUB is my mouth I know my voice and it
screams it shouts I will not apologize
for your lack of control over me I will
not say sorry for believing I have
rights
I will not bite my tongue when you say
I'm too young to understand because if I
am old enough to get cat cold on the
street I'm old enough to know whether
I'm asking for it on the red carpet ask
her more than the name of her dresses
designer or who did her makeup ask her
how she's feeling what she's learnt from
this film and how she's grown from this
experience in the Senate comment less on
her sex or her gender or how she styled
her hair today listen to what she's
saying here her ideas and policies stop
stopping at the thought of women in
power on the tennis court stop focusing
on the length of her dress or the groans
of exertion that you twist into sexual
pleasure look at the way she plays her
skill spilling across the arena don't
ask her to give you a spin ask her how
it feels to win
