yeah I flow from the death slowly below
or came close to my death the words
engraved on my chest makes me wanna bet
the words that I confess so that these
were trouble through the parallels of my
life and these paradigms were everything
that I dream about in my mind giving
were the words and I'll makes me give me
a little worse and I'll take you on the
journal let's explore playing inspector
where's the clues order hidden truths
along the dark energy shouldn't walk
through I'll take you there but don't be
scared joking some ink onto paper how
they exchange so Swift like when Makua
turns into water vapor is funny for me
that's the biggest relief even before
met Mary Jane during split she wasn't
right for me no give me all the words
that's all I need and you've been living
like you're free even if you're sitting
behind bars even if you got coke on the
streets and if you order what you feel i
have the freedom you could ever need
anything anyone make up stories akmal
attention seeker seeking potential
someone to give me with words and I'll
make you that one my veins when they
interchange that went to host DNA
exchange my requirement each other to
might be the Prince and you will see
that these ones always remaining
positions of my words relates to my
experience but it isn't about me it's
much more than just me it relates to the
phenomenology of what is truly here so
give me all the words and I'll make you
question what you see so even if your
eyes deceive give me all the words and I
make you forget where you were stored
giving other words and I took my words
it's America's time I wasn't into fish
five knots of be demoted you
my world sees to a boy so he didn't grow
into a man twice before he wakes up
mushroom 20 what you doin just fine
their lives okay it's all people in a
cinema just been in disguise because
they're Christian solve this countless
the muscle through stripping on innocent
civilians and I don't want to hear no
more cover-ups I wanna hear no more lies
so premeditated works like a birthday
surprise wow this product is his dreams
that I can turn them into madness wobble
to their knees and seas were no military
power just these words of peace please
understand that nothing can change if
the words remain the same do you just
works look at me one of them and i'll
show you that it worked
