flat out of oil and came up up to me and
asked me what would you like at sadies a
lack of Malcolm X a mother Luther King
jr. a black president who cares a little
more about last place i would like
children is no shootings must with no
balls a saudi arabia like any consumer
time on building toys made of gold ball
a lot of killing of all to you said
Michael down to piqua dollars for me or
she had I like to be told you're young
so do bigger then you're too young to
dream big old like training eyes a
little bit babe and I'll like that girls
are fine have I gorgeous like Kylie
Jenner or overall i would like to eat
call ups and show you love and heard of
in one because everyone or we turn we
see death give our other's eyes afraid
to both think they're cheap sperm on
behalf to store their to eat a lot of
him cleanse time to go drown all the
land to shake hands with peace even if
will be the last time they leave at
least she gets to know what it feels
like because God knows she hasn't known
when spot like means its life was away
and he came up us up to me and asked me
what would you like and ask for some
tolerance a little respect on the side
of the page of forgiveness I've ever you
before our tummy started Swiss don't
turn bring us a free Palestine a pin for
Allah speak of the 1700 boys fallen in
hope you may not know about because TV
was too scared to display a TV in two
states since playing my sister and the
baby teeth and call a big open country
me on the ground well I beg of you bring
me out i'm mr. i will grab you by the
hand and dragged into my house just to
show you my friend technics of
themselves I believe begun featuring
information but knowledge pick up your
fathers and sons teach them love he
should have a business falls in a world
full of Evo's tell my mother wrote for
success is not strengthen that a really
big failure at each their face forgot
safe forever Part B skulls give us a
chance to be free I look like my rights
back I would like to be looked up
without doing the need to disappear I
want people to accept my anger and to
stop telling me to work so if life is
real and came up to me and asked me what
would you like I'll ask for patience
because I know my order will take some
time
