couple of months ago I was working and a
lady walked in and she came right up to
me integers mm-hmm excuse me did did you
earn your job here or did the government
give you a contract by which i said no
I've had my key I understand which of
yours ha gosh it's impossible for real
Estonians to get real jobs anywhere
anymore hi Jacqueline said that I went
on to find an Australian I'm born and
brought up here she goes oh no no where
are you really from typical question I
responded that you know my parents up in
India anuja Indians yeah you know I stay
in this place and the previous sentence
with Indians and you know the place was
kind of you know he's like kind of what
she goes well you know you guys still
eat with your hands dirty right right
she said you know that's one of the
reasons why I've never dated an Indian
you know there's no ends but Harry there
a bit smelly like really know yeah you
know did you know what you guys have
amazing weddings I'd love to come to
your wedding if you invited me to your
wedding what's that song that you know
this is hard like surfer dudes EW that
come on walk better come off my time
then you know what the spot after all
that inside me explain to him any times
and I was Australian she still off be in
the end do you like it here in Australia
my silence is volumes about my pursued
identity so does yours so I'm gonna beg
of mine chance to this identity theft
withdraw your presumptions about me and
deposit a reality check they labeled me
a curry muncher you see I just march on
curry paste of it rough okay come and
came to me how much onion pakoras
tunnels under Bobby by poverty and chart
chicken jalfrezi and child not teeth
jacala preferably and you know what that
list goes on and I'll be damned if I
have to come home to gross boring and
three bland plain solid and sliced red
green hornet and what it says I don't
know how they're vegetarians Standish
salt and pepper and spices we that leads
does not encompass the bootlegs heat
it's a crisis so please don't stare at
me lately when I asked extra chili
please
enlighten yourself you that identify
your interests in a garnish returns on
your muddly launched at set
they label us unclean our ancestors
rituals of daily baths was beyond mere
cleanliness it was spiritual they heads
in front of tackles while street in
front of mustard no wonder our people
were so confused when they didn't see
parts in front of churches we put our
hands together by way of greeting one
another no kissing cheats or shaking
hands with in germs from spreading to
each other and yes particle transfer
something we had already discovered by
having new patents wrong or Jenna
previous thought about them or how we
knew that we already revolved around the
Sun and that the universe was expanding
long ago Galileo proved what the
church's fund and was chained up because
they refuse to believe him a fact you
had unique more raised the days and
health sprays are but cultural norm
toilet paper it's just not enough to
maintain a clean lead form and we come
in touch our hearts forever the Gita
Mahabharata there are minor guru granth
sahib and the Holy Quran without clean
hands clean feet and clean asses don't
forget to try let's try to maintain a
clean conscience shoes for the outside
world so they remain outside our doors
for the homes of earnings are far too
holy for those souls who choose to
remain muddy
they say that we smell well the very
nations that pillaged our legs traded
gunpowder for bloodshed while our people
pleaded with scented hands they only
ever came to supply their demand for
frankincense now to Hermes sandalwood
and saccharine turmeric coconut oil
nothing human our faction of fragrance
rollout lives there malodorous guiltily
guilt-free all factory design consuming
conscience so take a step back and sit
out the history but is it smells a bit
like and the things probably
prophecy
they work the very backbone of our
nation's stall away our ancient
traditions and our Harbor education they
may believe that all that was foreign
was superior to our own demoralized our
beliefs our self-esteem and left our
culture disowned even my mother feels
ashamed that my beard is growing towards
terror I tried to cash in my reality
check on my name hardly hits from the
ledger just shorten it said the teller
an Indian whose name tag like stealin
it's not my real name he said as he had
it me a receipt barely broke even
