hey that's right it's valid today is
September 10 it's a Sunday and I am
vlogging because later on I'll be having
a photo shoot with other content
creators but right now I'm just editing
there you go
because I haven't posted this week's
video so I need it real fast because
yesterday I filmed two videos and then I
wasn't really able to edit since my
cousin's came over so of course I wanted
to spend time with them so I'm editing
two videos ok I'm not yet done editing
but I have to go now it's currently wait
what time is it it's 1/3 y'all ready so
let's go to the car
so we just arrived here at siren studios
and I'm the first one here like our call
type is a
but it's less already done 250 but we
are live here like fire down with 10:30
starbuck weird is like your but you look
at the camera you look at the top we're
talking about like what camera or what
tripodi's thing I should get how you
know I'm not a real big
yeah I don't we bees are looking for my
hair but I am like moving right through
the baby shark challenge and is teaching
you guys how to do it
we're also gonna do the heart challenge
so bye how are you coming in at the
Villa de pastino mission Magellan engine
are getting I wish I didn't in agony are
you done are you done I have a question
yeah but we're not going anymore I
picture today I want you to construe or
the
yeah thank you
bah
one of our side
like go ahead and subscribe Conti
v-power say you live he'll be just
chillin right here scrolling through my
social media
this list remover now you guys give me
double-check it is 5 to 1 p.m. and I
think it's gonna end it to you since we
already took the photos but after this
we're gonna go to a pretty ability and
we're gonna
tomorrow I still have yeah that's one of
the struggles when you're balancing
school a
I'm gonna go copulate like I have it
even fixed my stuff for school yet so
but thankfully I don't have any
we have a lot of things to do I can
involved by who we're now leaving oh you
need help
mom are you okay there hey guys so it is
the next day and what a surprise I
forgot to end the vlog like why do I
always forget but anyway I hope you guys
like this video if you did make sure to
give it a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Bella fam and you'll get notified
whenever I post a new video I'll see you
guys in my next one
and don't forget here that's well
amazing bye
