hey let's write it's Bella I'm back at
it again with another makeup related
video for you guys but this time I'll be
showing you guys how I did this makeup
look since I was inspired by the models
at New York Fashion Week since they have
these like minimal and fresh makeup
looks which is like perfect for teens
like me to recreate when I was scrolling
through the pictures from New York
Fashion Week I saw a lot of baby trans
but the trend that stood out the most
for me is the all nudes plus winged
lashes look and therefore I start I just
want to let you guys know that some of
the products that I'll be using
we're provided by Maybelline so thank
you so much Maybelline okay without
further ado let's just get started to
reduce the appearance of pores for a
flawless finish I'll be using my BB skin
primer from Maybelline
for foundation I'll be using my fit me
liquid foundation and this is
lightweight and it metafiles and refines
pores and leaves a natural and seamless
finish and this is also ideal for normal
to oily skin which is perfect for my
skin type I'm basically just spreading
that all over my face and blending it
with a buffing brush
and all of you guys know that I cannot
skip concealers so I'll be putting that
on my under eyes my t-zone my blemishes
or like any redness on my face and by
the way I'm using my fit me concealer
brown of course Maybelline and I am
blending that all in with my concealer
buffing brush to set my foundation and
concealer I'll be using my white super
fresh powder and just patting that on my
face
using my fashioned brow pencil from
Maybelline I will lightly fill in my
brows only lightly since my brows are
already thick so I want my brows to be
like natural looking for eyeshadow I'll
be taking this color from the blushed
nudes palette and applying that all over
my lid to darken my crease I'll be
taking this greyish color and applying
that of course to make crease before
applying mascara I'll be curling my
lashes to achieve a voluminous wing the
arch I'll be using my falsies push-up
angel mascara all you have to do is
sweep and your lashes and an upward and
outward motion from their roots to the
tips then repeat until the desired lift
volume and wing effect are achieved
then using my V face blush and contour I
will be bronzing up my face so I'm just
applying that on my cheekbones my
jawline aka my double chin and my
forehead and to add a little bit of
color to my cheeks I'll be putting on
some blush now we are down to the final
step which is lipstick so I will be
using my end matte powder lipstick from
Maybelline and this is in the shade
almond pink I will be applying my
lipstick starting in the center of my
upper lip and then working my way to the
center and to the outer edges of my lips
this lipstick is hydrating and
lightweight and it has a silky smooth
finish but for this look I'll be using
another shade which is toasted Brown and
this is how it looks like when you
swatch it
now it's time for the giveaway and there
will be one winner and that winner is
this fit me matte poreless liquid
foundation this maybelline push-up angel
waterproof mascara and to intimate
powder lipsticks so here are the
mechanics - in this giveaway you
subscribe to my channel that's Bella
follow me on Instagram and Twitter and
like my Facebook page all the links will
be down below and of course follow me on
Facebook and Instagram as well then you
have to share this video on Facebook
lastly comment down below why you want
to win plus your Instagram username and
your facebook name this giveaway will
end on this date and I will be
announcing the winners on my Instagram
get this look and your favourite
Maybelline products at the Philippines
one-stop shopping destination Lizano
comple h and of course make sure to
follow mainly in philippines on facebook
and on instagram @ we love me bully and
first make sure to follow me as well
bubi down below if you guys liked this
video make sure to give it a big thumbs
up and make sure to subscribe to be part
of the hashtag ballot them and to get
notified whenever I post a new video
I'll see you guys in my next one and
don't forget your that's well amazing
bye
