hey that's right it to Bella when I
posted my youtuber film yukine I asked
you guys if you want to see my filming
makeup routine so you guys want to see
it so I was like I'm not a beauty guru
nor a professional so yeah just to put
it out there and by the way I'm not only
wearing this whenever I film but also I
read this during events if you guys
haven't followed me on my social media
accounts beliefs will be down below
shameless plug but anyways let's just
get started first I'll be spraying some
of my vitamin infused spraying from
urban decay to hydrate prep and stop in
my skin and of course I don't want to
have chapped lips so I'll be using my
aqua for healing ointment and this
moisturizes my lips very well to enhance
makeup application I'll be using my
angel veil primer from NYX and I really
love this primer because it mattifies my
face which I really need because I don't
know I get oily all the time
and for my base I'll be applying my
hello flawless liquid foundation from
benefit all over my face
and how could I forget to put on
concealer because you know hashtag team
no sleep
just kidding even though I had enough
sleep my eye bags are still huge I don't
know why so I'll be using my favorite
concealer from Tarte which is the
heart-shaped concealer and I got this
from hotel when I was in the States I'm
also gonna apply concealer on my
blemishes because to be honest I have a
lot like right now my skin is not the
best to blend my concealer I'll be using
my concealer buffer brush from zoeva to
set my foundation and concealer I'll be
using my Laura Mercier loose powder in
the shade translucent for my brows I'll
be using my gimme brow from benefit and
I'm at the shade number 5 and this is
the only product that I'll be putting on
my eyebrow since my brows are already
thick so yeah
it's time for eyeshadow and this is my
go-to eyeshadow look taking this white
chocolate shade I'll be putting that on
my entire lid
when I'll be applying the shade a salted
caramel to my crease for a little bit of
shimmer I'll be taking you this marzipan
shade and applying that on my lid as
well I don't really like putting
eyeliner on so instead I'll be using
eyeshadow so I'll be picking this triple
fudge shade and putting that on my upper
lash line now it's time to curl my
favorite part and then I'll be putting
on some mascara and my favorite is from
Maybelline it's the hybrid curl
waterproof mascara and of course I'll be
doing the same thing to my other eye two
runs up my face I'll be using my hoola
bronzer from benefit and everyone raves
about this product and to add some color
to my cheeks I'll be using my Too Faced
blush for my lips I'll be using my
favorite lippy at the moment and it is
the NYX soft matte lip e in the shade
Stockholm
but sometimes I also like to put a
bhismaka lipstick and the shade of alpha
teddy and yeah that is it for my filming
makeup routine that is it for this video
if you guys liked it make sure to give
it a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Bella fam I have to get notified
whenever I post a new video I'll see you
guys in my next one
and don't forget your that smell amazing
bye
