hey just read blah I'm sure all of us at
some point have been kissed by our
siblings our classmates or our friends
it's totally fine when done in a playful
and friendly manner and it's both
parties find it funny but when teasing
becomes unkind hurtful and constant it
becomes bullying and needs to stop
I have been a victim of bullying causal
signs already here on social media
although I'm already used to seeing hate
comments on my account
so you know you're ugly well focus on my
Machado your life itself is space a s
bottom regular deeper Tomica in for the
position squish you are super busy
honestly stop is also outside the most
endearing moment about based on value
cyber bullies aka haters they will say
mean things to you to make you feel bad
but always remember that the best
response to mediator is just to ignore
them yes then you know these haters just
want attention and reply to their mean
comments we just give them what they
want so just shut them off delete and
block that's what goodbye blogging cut
the negativity out in school I'm also
not spared from poutine
there are students philosophy but not
even allow for and eventually I will say
that's amazing in a way nah alumni
McNally mommy in Islam
some girls my polynesia about Donahoe we
will say out now and other youtubers
signatures in chose and you start
creating vz2 brands in order to make me
feel small sadly most of these girls are
older than the I think we should know
better
I know sad right now but Romero is a
school and I serve as good examples to
adem√°s Baba Anila I don't generalize
though because there are definitely a
lot of nice and kind hearted girls in
our school must madam is in a little bit
my alone telegram she did they probably
come from families or settings where
everyone regularly gets angry shouts are
called each other names that's why they
think their behavior is
normal so how do you handle a bully
first act brave walk away and just
ignore the bully by ignoring the bullies
you're showing that you don't care
eventually the bully will probably get
bored with trying to bother you if a
bully walks you can do something that
you don't want to do firmly say no
because if you don't the bully will
never stop second don't fight back by
your back satisfies a bully
third if you or someone you know is
being bullied tell an adult it could be
your parents your teachers your guidance
counselor's or even your principal four
kids have been targeted for bullying and
harassment school can be a nightmare
nobody deserves to be bullied everyone
has the right to feel safe and bullying
makes kids feel unsafe the best way to
stop bullying is to get everyone on
board that means the entire school all
the teachers all the students and staff
let's all try to make our respective
schools bully free so before I end this
video I would like to ask you a few
questions
do you ever make fun of others to get
other people to knock these friend
rumors do you have virtually hurt
someone it is typically or emotionally
do you bash people online and post nasty
comments if you answered yes in any of
these questions then you are a bully now
ask yourself what I want others to do
will be swings to me as well
key word is respect let us learn to
respect one another's
you
