hey let's try this Bella and oh my gosh
it has been a long time since I feel
like sit down videos because if you guys
did not know I went to the US and I stay
there for like six weeks I know that's
like a pretty long time yeah I blogged
my entire trip so if you want to see
those books I'll put the link down below
so I was really focused on logging so
now I just decided to sit down and talk
to you guys because I really missed it
and if you guys haven't noticed yes I
would have red hair anymore like what
moving on to the point of this video
I'll be doing my us a haul you guys have
your goodness ever since I got home from
the state so don't ever think I'm trying
to read
I'm doing this for you guys miss it so
without further ado let's just get
started let's start off in Sephora first
thing that I got from Sephora is this
Laura Mercier translucent loose powder
and I use this a bit my under eyes are
mentioned on my forehead because my keys
always always get oily and lastly from
Sephora is this uh Nastasia brown
definer and I've been using this a lot
lately like um before I you see with my
group brow pencil from benefit but you
know I wanted to try something new so I
got this next is Ulta and I only got one
thing from there and I have been looking
for this product at Sephora but for some
reason they didn't have it I don't know
why so when I saw this I thought that I
was like I need to get as good and yes I
really need it and it is the part shaped
a concealer like this is my Holy Grail
product because I don't I haven't really
found like the perfect computer for my
huge eye bags when I used this for the
first time I was like sure because I
really love the coverage and by the way
I got it in shade medium and for just
concealer a little goes a long ways they
have been easy bit Gudrun because kind
of prices and you can find us here in
the Philippines unless they're like
Instagram shops with us so this let's
move on to target
we have like a powdered highlighter so
that's why I decided to get one so this
is from pixie as this is grown as an
over the line and I got it in shape
santorini sunset it just looks like good
I don't normally use highlighter just
because I have like that natural
highlight aka foil
because I only get oily but you know I
still like to put a little amount of
highlighter on my cheekbones another
product from 60 is this gold tonic and
it's a Sony if you want to know the
other products that I got from Target
also the makeup my target haul down
below okay next is Nordstrom react so I
got a Smashbox photo finish foundation
primer and a lot of youtubers rave about
this product so why not try it out then
I got this double deck stacked mascara
and it came with this double Nextag
nylon lash fibers so maybe this will
make my lashes longer or like volumizes
I really know I'm not a beauty guru
another product from NYX is this NYX
soft matte lip cream in the shade
Stockholm and I love this so much it
doesn't dry out my lips which is good
because women are always dry you guys
know that but yeah I have been wearing
this myself like whenever I go to events
I wear this weepy and I'm actually
wearing it right now and then I got this
Urban Decay vitamin infused complexion
prep spray so it's kind of like a primer
as well and then lastly this is like the
last makeup we make this way that I'll
be showing you guys and it is the Urban
Decay all nighter makeup setting spray
and again everyone loves this so yeah I
don't really have like a nice steady
spray so I'm excited to try this oh wait
that was the last makeup erases products
that I got I also picked out a makeup
pouch I'm going to put here like me
everyday everything broke we got this in
channels look well met the lambo - and
I'm coming with the group - yeah I'm
gonna put here like my everyday makeup
since I'm always on the go where there
are like event you guys know how much I
love collecting perfumes I don't know
is not weird I don't know I forgot to
tell you guys that everything in
Nordstrom Rack is discounted so I
decided to get babies I liked Jacobs I
really love to smell this
that's me from Nordstrom Rack is this
candle from archeology and it's in the
scent Nando paradise and obviously it
smells like mango let's move on to a
Pili's guys when I saw these products at
Chili's I was hard course fangirling I
was screaming I was jumping and these
products are from the releve like I
didn't even expect that they sell in the
u.s. because you know the world is based
in the UK so I got to buy myths and this
one is wistfulness bull and it kind of
smells like the Daisy perfume but this
is like it doesn't last long because you
know it's just the body mist
well this one is Sweet Inspirations last
two things from Tilly's are these hot
tub and you guys know how much I love
wearing these especially when I make
like makeup related videos or read my
skincare routine and it just looks like
this can you guys do it very go can you
guys do it I don't know cuz I'm far away
from the camera but yeah it's super cute
and this one is rose gold yeah it just
looks like this next is color pop and I
ordered these two online so I got matte
lipsticks so this one is in the shade
sauce so I'll swatch it for you guys oh
that's super pigmented so yeah it looks
like this community is or should I go
closer
so yeah that's sauce while this one is
the shade rink and I like this better
than soft because it's more on the
newest colors this is sauce and this is
spring then we went to this random
perfume store and I saw this preview you
guys know how much I love this business
my go-to perfume and some of you guys
might be asking Bella why did you buy
another one I know I know I bought it
for a reason guys because my other one
wait let me get this one
I already run out and it's like super
small compared to this one let me get
there look at our guys look at the
bitter end
so yeah I was nice also I really needed
to get a new one plus the vase I thought
this is going to be discontinued here in
the Philippines which is like really bad
when we went to pink and I got a muddy
mess again yep
you guys know my obsession so I got this
pink cool and bright body mist and it
smells so good okay moving on to the
techie stuff I bought a Gorillapod
online and this is from Jonas finally
something from Jovi because like I have
to Gorillapod ways and show you guys
okay here you go
these are my gorillapod but both are
from details and I don't know it's just
not the best qualities is not oh um you
threw a diesel so they're always gonna
come and women in on Joby Gorillapod
so I got a joke acrylic odd I got like a
long barrel but oh my gosh then I got
this clear mat bookcase from price it's
like Best Buy and I've been wanting a
query case for so long because you know
I want to customize it by like putting
stickers maybe so yeah it just looks
like this is when we went to Bath & Body
Works and I got a lot of hand sanitizers
this isn't as bad stress relief and
Connie please have like 100 sanitizers
in this sense its assistance because we
go back to school is we're we go back to
school I'll be making on back to school
videos too and so stay tuned
oh I have another stress relief
sanitizer
this one is in the set imagine believe
and achieve this one is yoga babes the
next few things that I'll be showing you
guys are fashion related let's start off
with Kate Spade and I got this adorable
backpack like look I love it on this yo
face go in my neck that's how small it
is
I have been using this non-stop like I'm
not even kidding
but this possible didn't go with this
backpack I got this from hmm
yeah this is how it looks like and when
you open it understood but done so yeah
I'd like a lot of space I put my DSLR
here and it's spin then I also got a
backpack from Herschel and this is going
to be my school bag I normally go for
like black backpacks so that it could
match anything but you know I decided to
step out of my comfort zone and get a
plural one so I won't really get into
detail because I'm going to be doing it
wasn't my backpack really soon okay
moving on to the strips I got it is not
a shirt but it took out so and I got it
from Urban Outfitters and it's from
stuffy so yeah this is how it looks like
when you put it on it's a little bit ago
that Urban Outfitters because everything
there is super expensive like it - love
it I picked up a few shirts from Ralph
Lauren and I got this one and it's just
plain white and a time logo right here
and I wore this during the OVC event and
I also got one in gray and in blue but I
don't know where it is
lastly from Ralph Lauren is this letter
and it's great and it has the logo here
what weirdest places oh there it comes
logo right here once again and it's
super comfortable all night Justin
wibbels I wore this during our flight
going here to the Philippines and a
super couple I love it next is Tommy
Hilfiger and I only got one thing from
there and again it's a sweater and it's
color blue and it has the Tommy Hilfiger
logo right here so yeah at the back it's
just pleased with next azaria and I got
this cute top and it's bang even know
how much I love pink and it has like
these details on the sleeve
next is this off and it gives me like
summer vibes because you know explore oh
and have great stripes and again it has
details on the sleeves and lastly from
Zara is this top and it's black and it's
says okay yeah much house did I say that
right the surface and it has flowers
work here and a tiger and at the side it
has this slit okay now let's move on to
the shoes and I'm not going to lie I
think I got too much shoes but my mom my
sister and I shared same shoes since all
of us have the same shoe size so that's
a plus this is and by the way my sister
and I also share the same clothes
because you know we have the same size
and when to mine is hers and you know my
purse all when it serves with mine as
well but for example my sister buys this
shirt she has to ride to wear disgrace
before I do because you know she bought
it not me
so this first pair is from Vance and
these are the old school ones like I've
been wanting this for so long as you
guys can tell it's kind of busy because
I've been trying to be non-stop then I
got a pair of home the garden soil and I
just love the design but I love white
sneakers so I've been loving these then
I got a pair from onizuka tiger and
these are called in Mexico 66 but it's
kind of dirty because I don't know
whenever I wear new sneakers I always
end up getting like a lot of dirt on the
shoes like why am i that clumsy then I
got two pairs of shoes from adidas and
these are the ultra boost curve black
while via our Andes and again and black
this is and by the way we got the energy
from the Fight Club and we have been
looking for this for so long so my
adidas stores but for some reason they
didn't have it so we have to look for it
online and the last to pay for this haul
and the pair of sandals from Tory Burch
so yeah it's smooth so I can pair this
with a lot of outfits now let's move on
to the giveaway because of course I have
a personal bond for my balance and there
will be two in it for this giveaway so
two of you will be winning this white
concealer in the shade
zero one this mascara from Nick my
favorite NYX soft matte lip cream was in
the shade Abu Dhabi and us lip balm and
lastly a back and bottom
very casually Heiser so here are the
rules to win subscribe to my channel
follow me on Instagram and Twitter and
like my Facebook page of the links will
be down below when you have three post
this picture on instagram with hashtag
that's Bella YT then you have to share
this video on Facebook but guys just a
reminder please make your post on public
so that I can see it and comment down
below why 1 to N Plus your Instagram
username and your facebook name this
giveaway will end on this date so yeah
that is it for this video give this
video a big thumbs up if you want more
hauls from me and make sure to subscribe
to be part of the hashtag Bella Sun and
to get notified whenever I post a new
video I'll see you in my next one and
don't forget you're not smell amazing
Oh
