okay that's right Isabella so right now
I am with Blackbeard again and on my
channel they're going to be thinking of
my office maybe Tracy about my channel
we're doing to try not to laugh or grin
challenge so for my video we will be
doing the most likely to challenge but
for the trip
you'll be reacting to our old videos
after the answer like five most likely
question so are you ready yeah I know I
know we are filming outside guys we're
not hobby girl I asked you guys on
Twitter um if you're not getting
following me on Twitter I picked off
song let's start with this one
where's most likely to keep on a diet is
not on a day looks like we can edit the
bullseye
you put so much effort in some nails
yeah a lot of like beep screaming aah
yeah you know add final cut plug in
let's go Brian is it you right now the
odds great yep
most likely to be a heartbreaker next a
white vitamin C is oppress me unites
everybody into big guys but you've also
tried so I think guys I could hardly
catch particular I don't know I was here
come on it was most likely one to Z oh
I'm more like the icy plate was most
likely to fall in love one to go
remove a fangirl okay we go Pyrus royal
friends Q&A I haven't wanted this for a
while because this is on Friday
oh my god when I walk down this aisle is
it so chop I don't look at this person
because I mean
most likely to travel rings I guess
who's most likely to be based really I'm
like always right
I'm always early on this day I'm never
early apartment is what I was I didn't
like you was born on the nightstand
Thursday night I was here like 9:30
everywhere at 10:03 like the kibitzer
Gloria looks likely to eat too much
sweets in one day Oh
I love seeing my taken goal in Starbucks
like ice cream what's your favorite
things and you want that I'm excited
most likely to be a better statement
oh how do you fresh eyes ah might be
nice Kaiser's yeah Robert would like me
to ride a roller coaster hi mom I know I
don't I remember when I want to be one
who's most likely to cry when watching
said oh I cried even in normal boo-boos
not really sure there's like a bargain
table I was so why do I need but yeah
what does nothing love me and exactly to
crown oh I always always like all I need
to be boyish
yeah
I was attached in Russia so that is
resolved you guys make sure to subscribe
to their channels and watch their videos
which will be linked down below thank
you think of this video a big thumbs up
and nation is over I being part of the
hashtag Belle Epoque and to get notified
whenever I post a new video on vacation
my next one and don't forget your that
smell amazing
