hey let's try to smile today we are
going to the YouTube headquarters and I
can't wait because somebody from you can
go to areas around and of course I'm
going to bring you guys along with me by
the way if you want to see my other San
Francisco vlog I'll put a link down
below I'll give you guys a little tour
so let's start up for the first one at
the 900 cherry Avenue and this is where
we met up with our host and got our
badges as well you see I think envious
let me ask you when you know what
nothing in the universe and nothing in
the game be free currently in the
YouTube headquarters lovely and we're
still waiting for who is so notorious
around businesses mindfully I never
thought that I will be able to go in
here and sighs and get my partner's
that's the first building second
building third building okay after we
registered that we went to the second
building at the 901 cherry Avenue so
this is what it looks like outside and
when you all can yo see a soccer table
which is super cool and are you just
logo and here are the two founders of
YouTube like what and I got super
excited when I saw this huge slide so of
course you had to slide down because why
not it but it had to be super quiet
because there are employees rating so we
didn't want to disturb them
after that we went to some micro kitchen
so they have a juice bar a coffee maker
and a lot more food and everything is we
they're like yes please
Thank You employees here you can get a
lot of reboot which is hashtag goals you
can also get food here like mom guy over
here when I grow old yeah I wonder we're
here because one YouTube is life and
second is smooth in size then when you
walk out of the micro kitchen you'll see
this huge YouTube logo with all the
famous youtubers like you so nice that
my life as Ava Smosh and a lot more and
it has employees have free time they can
play video games which is amazing
and this is one of their cafeterias
this is like very cafeteria and once
again it's free this is the old silver
play button Tom then they gave us tokens
we tried to get some Nita buckles from
this hand call machine and it was kind
of impossible to get one though you got
this I saw somebody already got this but
the tumbler was standing my turn oh oh
they asked me why or you say that you're
fine you're not really funny you just
can't get into it that was so close oh
my god it's the size of a loaf then we
went to the last building and there's a
cafeteria there which is like Reese's
Pieces
so there are three you can buildings and
we are at the third one and currently
we're in another gothic area so
beautiful here like how can this be a
cafeteria
they also have this mini studio for
youtubers and yeah that is it for this
leaky pipe artists tour
thank you for to raise our Ellen but is
it for the YouTube headquarters for you
guys liked it make sure to give it a big
thumbs up and make sure to subscribe to
be part of the hashtag Bella fam and to
get notified whenever I post a new video
I'll see you guys in my next one
and don't forget your that's amazing
