I am excited well a good morning it is
6:20 a.m. thank us earlier for
interrupting my intro it's 6:20 a.m. but
we woke up around 5:00 a.m. I don't know
why we woke up early but as soon as I
woke up I edited yesterday's vlog so
that would be up ASAP
by the time I'll upload this video that
video is out degrees on what I mean our
driver for today hello hello kids
guess where we are this is the Pacific
our ladies and gentlemen welcome to
Sister 2 Sister to Sister 2 talk so I'm
in the makeup section and I'm looking
for Fangio there you go L'Oreal
foundation but the pro matte one where
is it that but I need to get my Sheen I
don't know what my shade is can we just
talk about the light a year like so I
ended up getting this shade and I'm
going to shade 103 hopefully I'm getting
to use it Neutrogena wipes because I
don't have Rick applies though okay I'm
still in the beauty section and I'm
looking for is up maybelline age rewind
concealer did I said that it's good so I
can find eldery code but I don't know my
shade so I might just get this
brightener and I need that for my eye
bags oh my gosh they have a lot of cute
Malik's look at this today is your day
they're the best warm and cozy hot stuff
and it's only for six dollars which is
like 300 vessels mass ok now I'm the
food section
I'm looking for check up off because I
hear that
good I'm going to get some good salty
all right chef of course I want that too
okay PJ isn't know what you get another
one
guys this is what I call heaven oh my
gosh I am looking for KitKat to the
white chocolate one new one it is well
it's got this oh my gosh
kick got minis white chocolate yes I
feel like I'm so noisy like here in
target it's so quiet but when there's a
blogger in target I mean I see where's
all the bubble you don't know that
there's our childhood I want to get this
but in $1.00 now so what I want to get
one God cheese it yeah I like this
yesterday mom bought one from the
airport and I loved it Oh a lot of Oreos
like REO stands I love this there are a
lot of favors that I haven't tried
before firework Oreo what oh my gosh
this is adorable
there's the unicorns of the slump show
also this I'm shocked like target has
the cutest room decor a few favorite
place anger than the diesels I feel like
if I buy this I would use it because to
qtu is unicorn straws oh my gosh they
have many years here and it's only six
dollars compared to like a biblical
Sabbath meal and the Brown House I
finally found mom and my sister finally
I'm not alone hey I thought I beat Jack
but no I like super sleepy right now my
eyes are droopy oh my gosh honey ball my
favorite it's only $1 yep getting it so
I'm looking for Nutella for my
strawberries because I never eat
strawberry without um chocolate chips
yes we are about to pay first we can you
guys go and start looking inside very
good
okay we're going to eat at Chipotle so I
might get salad I'm awful healthy mousse
is wealthy oh yeah hello sittin on
chicken salad oh okay yeah let's eat let
me do a quick target haul for you guys
so I got boom chicka pop so this in the
flavor white cheddar and this one is to
be some saltiness and then I got my
favorite Kit Kat minis and these are on
my chocolate and also higher above
enough for the fluid so I got a Beauty
Blender from Elle I also got this Rimmel
stay matte on press powder and then the
smell on you make it last on steady
spray then I'm in dire need of a new
foundation so I got this L'Oreal
infallible Pro matte foundation and I
haven't tried this before so I'm going
to try this this age rewind concealer
from Maybelline this mascara this is a
great lash mascara from Maybelline with
Milani baked blush in the shade don't
say things cannot see I got these few
lipsticks because I don't have any
grocery lipsticks anymore so this is in
the shade pretty neutral and this is
from the brand Milan
softly this is a thing from l'or√©al and
it's in the shade sugarplum
oh stop right there there are the
reasons there are seas in it there's
nothing like this in Philippines
yeah you're going right later and this
time is edition mom got it mom wouldn't
return on me
yeah loser Gina on makeup remover wipes
oh yeah that is it for my target halls
are you kind of messy a tad bit working
update it is very pretty 6:00 p.m. so
what's my thing think um and you just
slept since all of us are still
jet-lagged so we'll do is cook but later
on we'll be going to in and out and I'll
be trying my first-ever burger oh my
gosh let's go and I'm so sorry for this
I just woke up face yeah oh my gosh is
so cold and my hair is about I'm sorry
for that but oh my god and then now yeah
so I ordered cheeseburger
oh my gosh I don't know I found there
was a slight percentage - what yeah my
entire life I have a teeny little burger
right all night read just one yeah but n
mm until for the rigors of my life hiya
dominant so I got my burger my fries and
a vanilla shake fulfill my reaction oh
my gosh sana mama gone gone gone gone
just one of us feels weird it's so cool
here like everyone knows about vlogging
when I was this a good guy asked me if I
was sorry
excuse us like towel us to the level of
your own act if I was making video
that's great if you are watching this
fella
okay we are done eating and by the way I
didn't finish the full burger at least
half because I don't know I'm just not
really a big fan of burgers well for
four hours I thought oh okay so dad is
going to gas up I do not know a
self-service Musil so you have to get up
on your own I can't stay any longer here
outside so cold
you
