hey subscribe Ella as you guys can see
from the title I'll be doing my everyday
makeup routine so this is the look and
take look guys I don't wear makeup
everyday because I want to let my skin
reads once in a while but yeah it's
really important to let your skin rest
because you don't want your pores to be
clogged up with makeup all the time okay
if you guys want to see my everyday
makeup routine just keep on watching
okay before anything else of course I
need to put my hair out of my place so
I'll be using my cat headland you guys
know how much I love my cat head bed and
oh my poor head I'm skipping foundation
to bases I don't really like the feeling
of foundation on my face since it's
quite heavy but I still want some
coverage for using this BB cushion from
Maybelline and I'm going to shade all
three natural and this is how it looks
like it's a sponge and this is the
product so then I got some light on my
face
so I have to cover my blemishes like
mixing both in this area you guys can't
see it because my camera is just we kind
of loves me so it doesn't show my
samples but when I see me in person
another constant pose I don't really I
don't really know why when grade 9 along
with a crew so maybe it's because it's a
stress I don't know
so of course I'm going to put some on my
neck as well and what I like about this
product is that it's lightweight so it's
perfect for every day and of course next
is concealer I cannot skip the step
because my huge eye bags needed because
I'm going to be using this fit me
concealer from Maybelline and
if you guys have any good on computer
suggestions leave them down below
because I need to look for a better
concealer well this is good but I need
more coverage because my eye bugs are so
dark so I put this under my eyes my
blemishes I have a lot and I'm going to
bend that with okay I have my brushes
here I'm gonna blend up and with this
concealer buffer from zoeva
and by the way if you guys have any
video suggestions people down below
because I'm running out of ideas like I
posted four videos last week so good
that's like Nova's my fears go
but yeah comment down below okay I'm
done blending my concealer now it's time
to set it with this powder from benefit
and it's the perfect perfect
Porefessional shine vanishing pro powder
so what I like about this is that it
comes with a brush and isn't that cool
just perfect for - oh come on the fold
is a bit but anyways I'm going to set my
base and concealer with this powder and
I need a lot on my forehead since mobile
Yahoo Mobile oil of support handful I
don't know why but I do feel a hot oil
II part no Facebook no second is my nose
I don't know why I'm telling you guys
that but I going to end up all in my
nose and of course my neck
don't forget about neck okay I'm done
studying my face now let's move on to my
brows my brows are naturally like six so
I don't really need to fill them in so
I'm going to be using this gimme brow
from benefit and I'm gonna shade number
five and I'm just going to brush through
my brows and I don't get on well every
day I mean not like every day or like
when I go out this is what I only do I
don't fill in my brows so if you don't
know how to fill in your brows means the
perfect product for you cuz you're just
going to brush in your brows in the
cocktails nutshell so this is something
I'm done it that is basically everything
that I do for my brows but and I go to
like events of course I need to fill
them in but you know I just always use
my eyebrows assistant if you guys are
watched my never have I ever video I
didn't fill in my brows in that video I
only use this eyebrow gel totally
recommend this since I look kind of pale
I'm going to bronze up my face using
this glam squad contour and color from
have your skin and I'm going to take my
stippling brush from zoeva and taking
the concert shape and
barking okay now I'm going to apply
chicken to my horse cheeks and I'm going
to be using this gonna confront benefit
and I only have the travel sized one in
the math to you when you apply this it
looks super natural so yeah I plugged in
a recent Thomas look great idea cheeks
mo which is so cool and although I don't
have the key so this is going to help it
along here for that that goes all the
girls you keep so sobbing they're like
the apocalypse everyone's on a mocha
rosy cheeks car so that's what I did and
nothing happened and complete the knows
whether or not you know something then
now I'm going to blend that with my
finger now I'm gonna curl my lashes from
the roots to this too sometimes I'm
scared to curl my lashes
everyone's almost died in an aggressive
slip angle on them eyelashes yeah
outside okay now I'm done
tell me my lashes it's time for mascara
so I'm gonna be using my favorite
mascara this is my Holy Grail product
and this is one from brow house what I
do is I think if you're not gonna scream
mascara well sometimes I do it in like a
zigzag motion but this is what I prefer
going to do the same thing to the other
there and as you guys can see it's kind
of clumpy while not kinda it's really
clumsy so Josh I'm going on so I'm going
to take my spoolie
this is the one from the faceshop and
focus focus on me focus on me okay I'm
gonna take my spoon and just purchase
through my entire life is automatically
alone right pack huh
ah here you see that yep
good old struggles this is also going to
help separate my lashes so you know when
you put my sky on the baby gets a good
shot so you don't want that I'm not
gonna put on my unborn eyelashes since
Mohammed grab black deaf people so I'm
not going to do that now it's time for
the lift so I'm going to be using this
limited from benefit once again and what
I like about this is that brush
applicator yet when you bend this with
your fingers it doesn't stain which is
good so there's your plans on on the
list and I tend to apply a lot better
you know above your dodge now it's time
for lip balm because I need lip balm in
my life I cannot survive without my lip
balm this one from Sephora and I've been
using this a lot and yeah that is my
everyday makeup routine
so that is it for this video if you guys
liked it which we do with a big thumbs
up and make sure to subscribe to read
part of the hashtag well thumb and to
get notified whenever I post a new video
and make sure to comment down below what
is your everyday makeup routine I'll see
you guys in my next video I love you
guys so much and don't forget your that
develop a ring size
