hey dr. Isaac Sabella today is Mother's
Day so first of all I want to beat my
mom a Happy Mother's Day and of course I
also want to greet all the mothers out
there as well please don't forget to
tell or show your mom how much she means
to you even though it's not Mother's Day
we should always think that for the
things making for us and make them feel
their importance in our life that's why
today I'm going to be telling you guys
reasons why I love my mom so without
further ado let's just get started and
by the way you might want to save till
the end of the video because I might be
having a giveaway and PS quickie David
salon for partnering with me in this
video okay I'm pretty sure this one
speaks for itself but thanks the way
long because I wouldn't be here without
her she makes the best carbonara so
that's why it's my favorite my mom is a
good listener and always makes time for
people who need a shoulder to lean on
she taught me to love myself she
supports me and everything that I do
like in every event that I go to she's
always there with me
she looked best momager despite all the
problems that we faced she's the
strongest woman I know and I salute her
for that there was this time in my life
that I was super super sad and I didn't
really know what to do with my life
anymore but with the help of my mom she
gave me the strength to continue with my
life and live happily and she always
knows what to say to make me feel better
my mom plays all the things that I do
wrong without her doing that and
wouldn't be the person that I am right
now
God he's love you'd open up a Ganesha
loving within the admin behind in the
hanukkah but in here because she just
wants the best for you my mom taught me
to always be grateful for the life we
had my mother isn't perfect but she's so
amazing she always tries to be the best
father she can be and lastly she loves
me unconditionally and that's how much I
loved her she loved you well
those are just a few reasons why I love
my mom I'll be baby learns for next year
now it's time for the giveaway I will be
picking two winners who will both win
5,000 sizes worth of gift certificates
from Davis alone so you guys can enjoy a
salon date with your mom so here are the
mechanics to envisage a boy first you
have to subscribe to my channel that's
Bella follow me on Instagram and Twitter
and like my Facebook page also makes
will be down below and you have to read
both this picture on instagram with
hashtag dot below YT then you have to
share this video on Facebook as a free
comment down below what is your favorite
bonding activity with your mom this
giveaway will end on May 31 2017 winners
will be announced on my Instagram if you
don't win don't worry the best gift that
you can give your mom is being the best
person he knows he can be so that is it
for this video once again how do you
mustn't wait to all mothers out there it
games like this video make sure to give
it a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
battle pan and to get notified whenever
I post a new video I'll see you guys in
my next one
and don't forget a basketball amazing
