hey doctor its Bella and I know some of
you guys will be like Bella another haul
yep I'm sorry but today I'm going to do
a nice little Minnesota and move to a
halt and everything that I picked out is
portable so if you're on a tight budget
I guess this video will help you out so
without further ado let's just get
started okay let's start off with guys
oh okay the first thing that I got from
Daiso is a pair of foldable slippers and
this is for eight eight pesos basically
everything from Daiso is a taste and
salt and this includes a black
convenient for carrying them are now so
this is how it looks like okay Emmie
oh okay so JIT oh the smell is nasty
though but I swear this is super
comfortable like I have another one
there its color pink okay so this is how
it looks like and you can show this so
it can fit the bag that it comes with so
this is really perfect for traveling
okay next is kind of random but it's a
mini room and dustpan for cleaning desk
and kitchen area so I'll be using this
for my desk because my desk is sometimes
not sometimes most of the time is dirty
so I have seen us to clean up my desk
I got the 50% off so I got a sport
working for fat loss and this is how it
looks like it's go ute like it's so
small like what'll make room I also got
four packs of facial tissue because you
can never have too much tissue papers in
your life
I guess this is speaking of tissue paper
I got more but these are pocket issue
papers so these are super easy to throw
in your bag or your backpack I got
photos gloves and it contains for
luggage grubs and then I got an ice bag
and it's for sudden fever after sports
for booze and up sprains basically you
just put as inside and you're good to go
since I have raisins of course I need to
have these interdental l-shape brushes
and if you have reasons you would
understand what these are for well
actually it's like a flop for your races
basically
brush it in between your teeth and yeah
and because I'm in dire need of a new
Beauty Blender of course I needed to get
a new one so this is how it looks like
it's not that soft which is pretty sad I
got these luggage tags and it contains
four pieces inside and it also includes
matching silicone strap and you guys
know me hashtag put is life so I got
okay so I bought these super mix or pop
or in so it has various Tina truffle
peanut caramel strawberry and salted
popcorn and I got these two four eight
eight seven and because I love chocolate
I thought KitKat and these are the green
tea one so I'm going to get one because
I've been craving it is not my soldiers
because that's how much I love you okay
I'm gonna be for later but living on
okay I got more chocolate so these are
the major ones so this one is black
chocolate and this one is the milk
chocolate one okay what is your price I
got more chocolate so these are the
major Paula strawberry chocolate and I
have been eating these since I was
little so really love these they I know
most of you guys are familiar with Pocky
so these are the cookies and cream one
so I got it for it a pesos each okay
next are these palm sticks and these are
like picnic I guess it's cheese flavor
they try it yeah sure good okay that's
like picnic
hmm yeah it's like picnic but the kids
say where's Canada friend it's like the
cheddar dartium of ways you guys know
that I lied but what is good I love it
got these super a base vessel now these
are so good
right on guys you don't know finally the
last snack that I got in this thought
let's renew big rebel so it's like
stressful okay honey taste extinct
animal that I got the whole video are
safe this video I really know but yep
this is good
okay that is everything that I got from
Daiso now let's move on to maybe some
the first thing that I got from
Minnesota is this pillow that is perfect
for traveling and I got it for 149 sauce
and it said sweet dreams and this is how
it looks like when you use it my hair
looks so weird like hi I got another
essential for child way so this is a
travel bottle set so I got it for 99
cents off so it comes with okay I can't
open this and open up okay so it comes
with a press pump bottle a sprayer
bottle a flip-top bottle
it's like azano this but I love it I
would if you haven't seen our fresh ice
cover I'll put the link down below
I thought the Smita so many handheld fan
so this is what it looks like it's
colored pink and I have been using this
in school because it's super hot but
it's a little bit right now because I
have been using this a lot lately so
yeah and I haven't charged it just yet
so gotta charge this because it's so far
hot since I'm running low on cotton pads
I decided to get you on syllabus
contains 180 cheese I always use colors
have to remove my makeup so this is
under sensual for me next thing that I
got is this barrel you have tissue with
packaging is really cute in a Serie and
I know this for 99 specimens
since I wear flip tops all the time I
decided to buy these and I got these for
198 pesos next thing that I got is this
pocket layer which I really really need
because I always end up bar being my
classmates layer because I don't have
one so finally I have one so this is 199
star sauce and it has these cute prints
all over it then I got a tablecloth and
I'm going to use this for my DIY videos
that I'll be filming in the future and
lastly something so I got this a frog
and it's dark blue and I'm going to use
this if ever I'm going to bake or cook
maybe this is how it looks like and it
has a pocket over here okay now let's
move on to Rowbotham
I got another h1 but this time it's
color red and it has polka dots okay
let's open it up and yeah this all looks
like and once again it has a pocket and
it has the lace detail over here I got
this for 99 cents off then I got this
mug that says winter even though there's
no one to hear this orpheens you know I
so bought it and just is how it looks
like and I got the white one and yeah
this is all it looks like and it says
winter then I got these horse horse I'll
be moisturizing hand cream and the other
one is for my sister also if you also
need to moisturize our face so this is
the cucumber moisturizing gel and I got
it for 90
the last thing that I got for a mimosa
is this would an airbag massage brush
and I got it for 99 vessels and I really
need to brush my hair right now this is
accessible that is everything that I got
for this haul I hope you guys liked it
if you did make sure to give it a big
thumbs up and make sure to subscribe to
be part of the hashtag battle fam and to
get notified whenever I post a new video
I love you guys so so much and don't
forget here that smell amazing bye
you
