hey let's try this Bella so today is
March 23 and later on I'll be going to
the forest first every vegetable seeds
because they will be launching the
colorful skincare collection and it
comes in handy wipes cleansing cream my
solar cleansing milk and applause so
that is going to be pretty exciting and
interesting as well and as you can
probably tell I have a very face I don't
have any makeup on yet so I need to go
really now okay I am now ready and I'm
actually here in the venue already I'm
asked why squeeze Manila
these are here but it's like kind of
cool but later I might get I couldn't do
this so thank you guys
on target
hi guys so I've got home as you can see
I'm in my room so before I go to bed of
course I want to show you guys the stuff
that I got from the event and share some
information about the mixels place
skincare range I think we all know about
finding the right skincare products
involved patient time and a lot of money
and because of that sports decided to
invest on new easy to use and affordable
skincare product managers are into the
most good concerns so let's see what I
got press event ok first thing that I
see in here is this adorable
Lander / notebook and it has my name on
it like oh my and the last thing in here
is this huge box and it contains a lot
of skincare products ok basically it's
essential comes in different colors
that's at four different ingredients
since each ingredient has like its own
unique benefit okay the first one that I
see in here is this pomegranate sizing
white pomegranate fight dullness and
prevent skin damage and in also
refreshes and energizes your skin next
and this green tea exfoliating wife so
it's like the pomegranate one but three
P is not to be high in antioxidants
which purifies and calms the skin and it
also came with this charcoal exfoliating
cleansing cream and this will detoxify
your skin and it will also absorb
impurities and help reduce oil which is
perfect for oily skin okay there's
another one
cream in here but in euros this actually
ostensibly moisturizes and evens out the
complexion next in this my summary
cleansing milk and coconut and hydrating
benefits help alleviate dryness and
flakiness so if you have dry skin I
expect this one
okay the last few products in here are
these lips probe so this one is the
tangerine lip balm has been actually
plumps and so Lisa Phillips
well this honey lips girl nourishes and
spoons your lips so gotta have lip scrub
in your life so many times be very gone
from before and now it is time to remove
my makeup because girls don't sleep
while you have your makeup on because
that is just nasty so I'll be using
these products to remove my makeup
if you guys want to know more about the
mixer place can't arrange I'll put the
link of Sephora down below makeup is
finally off its unsleep feels amazing it
is currently 12:41 a.m. and my eyes are
red that just means I need to sleep
right now so I hope you guys liked this
vlog if you did make sure to give it a
big thumbs up and make sure to subscribe
to my channel to be part of the hashtag
welcome and we have notified whenever I
post a new video and of course don't
forget to check out the mixing plate
skincare range of Sephora
but anyways I have to sleep now so I'll
see you guys in my next video and don't
forget your that smell amazing bye
you
