here's a strike Estrela oh my god it is
finally sober well I'm actually not yet
on vacation but two Muslim guys what are
you guys on vacation already well if you
are then good for you but anyways for
today's video I'm going to show you guys
this very easy blue makeup looks perfect
for your summertime but I know that
weasel Vedas don't really have the urge
to put makeup on during the summertime
because name it but if you're planning
to go to the beach or to a summer party
then this look is perfect for you so
without further ado let's just get
started we always need to hydrate our
skin so I'll be using the same ice
moisturizer
many believe that moisturizing the skin
becomes less important during the hotter
days but that is just not the case
during the summertime sunburn is an
immediate reaction so don't forget to
wear sunscreen and by the way I'm using
the sunscreen from the faceshop
and it has SPF 50 and it is very
important to keep your lips nourished
and exfoliated so I'm going to be using
the Sephora lip balm to create a smooth
uniform canvas for flawless makeup
application of using this primer from
banila co this primer minimizes the
appearance of shine pores and fine lines
then I'll be using this hello flawless
foundation from benefit and I'm just
going to apply a thin layer on my face
so I'm going to apply some on my
forehead nose cheeks and my eye bags and
of course I need to blend up all in
using this dense foundation brush and
circular motions
then I'll be setting about all in using
this Maybelline white super fresh powder
it is finally time for the brows so I'm
going to be using this goof proof brow
pencil from benefit this is what I
basically do every time I do my brows so
I want you to get into detail because
everything is explained in my as BBQing
videos the link of that video will be
down the load then I'll be using this
fit me concealer from Maybelline to cry
my eyelid for eyeshadow I'm going to be
using this palette from sleek makeup and
I'm going to be applying the shapes Big
Ben and cream cheese for the base then
for the crease I'll be using this
contour shade and sending that all in
with this eyeshadow blending brush then
I'll be applying two shaped emt on my
inner corners and I'm going to be doing
the same thing on my other eyelid to
highlight my brow bone I'm going to be
using this high brow pencil from benefit
using this Moschino eyelash curler I'm
going to be curling my lashes for
mascara I'm going to be using my
favorite which is the brow House HD
mascara and just look at that guys it is
amazing and by the way this mascara is
waterproof which is perfect for the
summer time since I'm kind of getting
like chubby cheeks I'm going to be
contouring using this glam squad contour
and color so I'm going to be concerning
along my temples jawline
at my forehead and for blush a little
goes a long way so I'm going to be
applying that on my cheeks using this
highlighter from benefit I'm going to be
highlighting above my cheekbones my
Cupid's bow and my chin and blending
that all in and this is going to give
that glowy look for the lift I'll be
using this lip palette from sexy and
I'll be mixing the shades we did it and
milk chocolate and putting that on the
link using a lip brush to finish this
look I'll be using this NYX butter gloss
and applying that only in the middle of
my lip so that is it for this video if
you guys like that make sure to give it
a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
gulfam and to get notified whenever I
post a new video
and by the way comment down below your
server times because you know why not
and yeah I love you guys so so much and
don't forget your that's amazing bye
this copay staggered to see this world
