hey dr. Isabella I know how much you
guys love walking home and since I
haven't done a shopping mall for the
longest time that is what I'm going to
be doing today just a disclaimer I'm not
bragging at all this video might help
you guys in case you're going to shop
and you don't know what to buy so yeah
if you guys want to see the things that
I got just keep on watching and you
might want to stay healthy end of the
video because I might be having a
giveaway okay let's start off with
forever 21
okay so the first thing that I got is
this graphic latitude and it says sweet
disaster and it has like these red
lining on the neckline and on the piece
any time Heidi wondering well what is
this for body suits are perfect if you
want to like tuck it in your pants
because okay if it's not a body fluid
like the shirt gets wrinkly when you
tuck it in so buddy system becomes handy
when tucking your shirt in and you know
you can never have too much money - so I
got another one but in black you guys
know how much I love crop tops Oh
surprise surprise I got another crop top
and it has like these yellow and blue
stripes and most likely out paradis with
like satin shorts or denim pants that
would look so cute then I got a
sleeveless top so this one has four
coins and white stripes and as a
baguette has a zipper I decided to fit
this top out because you know it's
summer seams so it says summer camp
champ the material is thin so it's
perfect for the summer sign and finally
the last part that I got from forever 21
is this one and it's more like on the
dressy casual side I just love the
details of the top and at the back it
has a little cutout moving out in the
bottoms well I only got one so this one
is a miniskirt and it's mood which I
love I get actually pair of this skirt
with this top and they look so nice
together okay the last thing that I got
from forever 21 is they would lay some
flats and I think it would look cute
together with this outfit now that you
want to Mariana
okay let's start off with the tops that
I thought okay the first thing I got is
this adorable top like it's
mustard yellow and cosmic white lining
on the neckline and on the sleeve and
right here it just says 80s I absolutely
love tops like those linings on the
neckline and all the clips so you know I
got another one so this one is white and
it has like these dark blue lightning
and you sound great
vibrations son guys and you know Bella
is back at it again with the crop top so
this one has red and white stripes and
again white finding all the necklines
and I love the feel of this like so soft
and then I also bought this crop top and
it's colored great and I just love it
because it's so like vintage looking if
you guys know what I mean and it shall
meet on the grass next one is this top
and I think for most of you guys can be
kind of familiar because I wore this
during my meeting greed I love that top
so much insulin spice about my outfit so
because of that I got another one but
this time is that and as you can see
it's kind of see juice we have to like
wear a black sandal under this if you
can follow me on instagram you guys will
know that I wore this talk to the
supporter is Ben and again it's easy so
if you guys hop don't forget to wear a
pencil okay on the neck like to have
like these ruffles I don't know if you
guys can see it but really adds a lot to
the top and over here it has silver Sun
I really needed a new denim jacket on my
own and chat is posted anywhere like I
just stop eating so much and because of
that I decided to get myself a new a
denim jacket and what I love about this
jacket is that and it has in the pocket
then a jacket can be frustrating
sometimes but it you're right it's the
power outfit
throw it on and you're good to go I got
myself another spread but this time it's
dead in it's actually then it was not
any that visible the camera but that
like you need to choose pattern you're
just like Hello
as there's bathroom there's going to be
uncomfortable sometimes so you know I
got good this is what it looks like and
it has like this ribbon tied over here I
have been watching a review but yeah
I've never owned one I don't know why
but finally I got myself kripp between
families and it's not super drip look I
like you know they don't like those like
sponsor Yasuda and the Seneca and as a
bottom it has a zipper I will normally
get size 36 for my sample for my size
was 34 and then 36 and then now 30
Florida did I lose weight depending upon
you come to the fun well food is life so
okay the last thing that I got from Zara
and this pair of pants and it's pink and
it's kind of like joggers which I really
like because I don't know whenever I
wear like skinny jeans my legs look so
thin but yeah anyway this pair of pants
is pretty loose and I love it now moving
on to hmm
I just realized that almost everything
that I lost on internet is blue I don't
know why but okay the first pop that I
got is this crop top
I know so copyright and it just says
California and then I got this pop and
it kind of looks like a skirt but it's
not it's a tube so it's a skirt or the
summertime next I got this lovely photo
and hub white stripes all over it
okay last paper hmm is this top and it
has like this Kaleigh texture and this
is forget for formal occasions
okay last stores where this called in
Yankee Candle you guys know how much I
love candles so I was three to the first
candle that I got is this one and it's
innocent very vicious I don't even need
to bring this kind of like I just left
this on my desk without the lid on and
my room eventually smells like blueberry
okay moving on the next time that I got
in
butter cream exactly I got the sense
popular layered cake oh my gosh this is
heaven I think all of you know that I
love chocolate so much like I can eat
chocolate every day but health matters
oh and yeah that is everything that I
got from Yankee castle congratulations
because you waited till the end of the
video and that means it's giveaway time
there will be two minutes for this
giveaway okay first of all two of you
guys will be winning this drawstring bag
lobsters don't forget your that's
amazing and half size welcome and lucky
what's inside okay first thing that I
see in here is the sweet wake of I
design mineral with eyeshadow palette
another product from sleek makeup is
this true color lipstick in the shade
that rain yeah I got you guys another
lipstick but this one is from Maybelline
and it's going to shade cause perfect
you will also be getting this low
intensive widening BB cream
well essentials while eating body bars
bloomers new hand cream then I got you
guys a lot of face masks so these three
are from the face shop but this one
comes with a sample of the oil burning
formula cream and two little bottles of
the same product another face mask is
from leaders and it's the shiny effect
lifting chrome app and of course I want
you guys to try to cure natural aqua gel
so I'll be giving you guys a star for a
stadium CC cream from banila co this
life lies in cream from vanilla Co as
well I'm not really getting example of
the fifth gel cream from etude house in
order to make this giveaway you have to
follow these to post up first you need
to be subscribed to my channel that
Bella when you have to follow me on my
social media accounts such as Twitter
and Instagram and like my Facebook page
all the links will be down below then
you have to share this video on Facebook
then you have to repost
this picture on instagram and hashtag
not Val YT and comment down below what
you want to win so that is it for this
video I hope you guys liked it if you
did make sure thing with a big thumbs up
and make sure to subscribe to be part of
the hash tag Malcolm and to get notified
whenever I post a new video and if you
guys did not know I already have a
peeled off so all the details
below and yeah that is it I hope you
guys so so much and don't forget there's
a smell amazing
