hey let's try this fella as you guys can
see from the title I'll be doing a large
service video because I have been loving
a lot of stuff
first of all some work so that you guys
might love as well so without further
ado let's get started okay you guys know
that my lips are always tapped and dry
and just I don't know how to explain it
but I found this one it's from the same
shop and it's a lip scrub and what I
really love about this product is that
it exfoliates my lips very well like
before I go to bed I apply this and when
I wake up in the morning well it feels
so good so I recommend it okay I have
another nostalgic to show you guys this
is the one from sixty and they
collaborated with if do this time and
this palette is called F Smith time
otherwise you're wondering I used these
chains
during my meet and greet and you guys
haven't watched my minute each one
offers a link down below
oh yeah I will change our College milk
chocolate and B bit it smells so good
well this doesn't dry out my lips which
is a plus because nobody wants to dry
lips right you guys know how much I love
my brows and how I love doing my brows
so I have been loving this I roll liners
from k palette so it is liquid type and
it helps you draw softly colors and
long-lasting lines which is amazing and
it is also water resistant so even if
you go swimming or if you sweat girl
your eyebrows will remain on point
another k-palette product that I'm
loving is the real lasting eyeliner and
I don't really know how to put eyeliner
on but I've been practicing with this
eyeliner when I go out of the house of
course I don't want to look pale so to
solve that problem I've been using this
benefit from benefit and it's a lip and
cheek fish so I only put it on my lips
and then put the ball afterwards and
then girl I'm good to go
perfect for everyday once in a while I
want to pastor my skin because you know
my skin needs to be healthy so I've been
using this Bobbi Brown face mask this is
the instant detox one and I will use
this once a week I just apply a thin
layer on my face
leave it for like two to five minutes
and after five minutes my face looks
like this emoji and after that I just
rip it off and my skin feels flawless so
as you guys have seen my skin kerosine
you guys would know that I use two
simple ways other cleansing wipes to
remove my makeup so I think this is like
200 or 300 chuckles I want my chair but
it's really affordable compared to other
brands it gently cleanses my skin on
clogs my pores and instantly hydrates my
skin and if you have sensitive skin this
is perfect for you you guys have been
asking me to do a haircare routine but
to be honest I don't really do anything
to my hair but only use this product to
make my hair look soft and shiny so this
is the noose will put you HOT look
friend this dry oil nourishes your
parents and soften my hair which makes
us look healthy I basically just spray a
small amount as I rub it between my
palms
I run it through my hair I think I smash
onto this product comment of times but
that it shows how much I am obsessed
with this product and that is got moment
by one direction but I was buying this a
sales man said it's going to be spaced
out too and I'm like what
but I didn't even realize that I bought
the small was like I thought that but
the guy gave me this counsel one time my
mom and I went to Venice grand canal
goal and I saw Yankee Candle and I was
like mom can you go in and she was like
yeah sure but I didn't really expect
ugly was my candle because we don't
really use candles at home because we
don't want to burn our house but
surprisingly what candles so this one is
a scent vanilla cupcake and this one is
in the center red raspberries and this
is more like on the tropical side so I
have been wearing these a lot if you
follow me on snapchat well if you don't
why you don't get any what my username
is that well almighty in case you want
to ask me but anyways you guys will know
that I am addicted to my ukulele not
chilled right now
going to knit okay is back okay where
you guys are gonna play the intro of
Riptide because why not I know it's not
like that good but yeah if you guys see
me as school you guys will know that I
carry this huge Herschel backpack and I
don't it's just so heavy and I don't
even put books inside like so heavy like
why so I decided to use a different
backpack so I got this another backpack
and this was actually given to me so it
has a red pocket and it has like this
dirty white color and it has blue straps
and surprisingly my laptop business side
which is really convenient because I
bring my laptop everywhere
so yeah I will be loving this okay now
it is time for clothing pieces that I
have been loving so you guys have been
asking me Bella where did you get your
bomber jackets well I got them from Zn
calm she answered me - oh bomber jackets
and this one is like baby pink and this
one is like a navy green color if you're
very simple outfit I recommend to wear a
bomber jacket to the expense of like
every outfit so if you want to purchase
your own bomber jackets or any Kobe
geezers from Viacom offers a link down
below
now I decide for the shoes though I have
been loving this pair of shoes for
running as well who doesn't love adidas
and this pair is called the ultra boost
uncaged shoes and super easy pair this
with like outfit since it's black and it
has like orange and blue details over
here and it's super possible so I use
this for like our PD class and yes okay
now it is time for my favorite song so
first favorite is I don't want to live
forever by Zayn
okay another song that I have been
loving is something just like this by
chainsmokers okay last song is that what
I like my feet away
oh you close you that's why so that
is my last favorite for the month of
March I hope you guys liked it if you
did make sure to give it a big thumbs up
and make sure to subscribe to be part of
the - Val Val as you get notified
whenever I post a new video I kind of
course you're free to share this video
to your family friends
Facebook Twitter Instagram I below if
you recall and also make sure to comment
down below what are your March favorites
and yeah basically like it for this
video I hope you guys are having a great
day and I love you guys so much and
don't forget is that smell amazing bye
you
