hey top-rated spell welcome to another
blog so today's vlog is not like my
usual kind of vlog because I don't think
I can combine all vlogs without me
explaining what happened I'm sorry if I
look Haggard because you know I just got
home from school and in snapping so
that's why and if you're asking what
this is yeah that's from volleyball
Tanika was it was volleyball and do you
guys know me I'm not a sporty person but
anyways the first portion of this vlog
is when I went to it's a girl thing so I
know it's super late but remember I was
in a Q&A panel with Alec Italian and
Kyle Estrada so basically I'm just going
to insert all the clips of what happened
at it's a girl thing hey that's right
it's well a good morning today is
October tiny and I'm at the copper tube
this is a weird but anyway I am here for
the event of globe so the event for
today is it's a girl thing and I'll be
having like a Q&A with other influencers
later on but right now the grant option
allows that's why I'm here that's why I
decided to start my period I believe
that I can
so guys we're inside the CNU main stage
because it's overexploited but anyway
you'll be the appliance all of us but I
have incurred outside here and never
seen the stage
okay guys we're now outside and I'm
about to go it's like one four days yeah
and what life starts on the feud and I
oh my god great there little bit about
you
fashion model and social-media
influencer Kyle Estrada and star
Filipina beauty fashion and lifestyle
blogger
so therefore our third panel discussion
you're still with a strata so guys right
now I'm about to go inside because it's
super hot so from then on with this
below the area right now about to go in
okay so fast-forward I blogged um during
like a busy day but basically what
happened was I finished all of my
deadlines like but picture no products
so of course I wasn't really able to
block that because I was using my camera
but anyway after all those deadlines
I had a collab with cure so yeah others
instead of Clips right now
came up tried it smaller good morning
I'm not sure
oh it's already 12 and 4 so good
afternoon
so today is a Saturday and I have a lot
of errands actually kaha tapas : no
liebe because I have a lot of YouTube
that Lyon so that I have to finish
because next week I don't really have
enough time to finish with those
deadlines but anyway later on I'll be
collaborating with Europe
yeah that's gonna be fun and actually
it's another Cannella has been said of
us oh and by the way this is my outfit
of the day actually you know there's
only present picture ok so since
Christmas is right around the corner I
decided that this is the best time to
share with you guys the Christmas offer
and Black Friday offer of Daniel
Wellington but before I talk about those
let's unbox these a gift set so that
Daniel Wellington sent me let's start
off with this first gift set and can we
talk about the packaging it looks so
classy and cute I mean it's perfect for
Christmas so when you open it you'll get
an extra box this is the first gift set
so this is the classic Sheffield watch
and silver I actually already have gold
water or rose gold I'm not quite sure
because all of my watches are from
Daniel Wellington so I can't really
remember it because I get confused but
anyway I'm glad that I already got to
watch with the silver hardware and as
you can see it has a leather strap but I
can always switch it up to this strap so
this is called the Cornwall strap so
yeah that is it for the first gift set
ok so this is the second one there it
looks like this so this is the classic
petite Melrose watch and this is a good
two millimeter one and I love the collar
because if you guys did not know I
rose-gold I have the silver version of
this and it comes with this classic
bracelet and rose gold but this time it
has white linings the ones I own are
just plain rose gold that this one has
white linings and it just says Daniel
Wellington in the middle and if you guys
are wondering if this is emphasized
small at first I was kind of scared
because in my shop at all but almost had
a show Monday I'd wear my wrist as you
can tell I dope
dun dun go sham see there you go now
let's talk about the Christmas offering
so that Christmas offer will be from
November 1 to November 20 and at
November 27 to December 31 you'll get
10% off for any two or more items to
purchase and of course we got extra 15%
off you guys can use my discount code
Bella Xmas ad and guys all orders will
come with free gift wrapping and
free shipping now let's move on to the
Black Friday operator so this will be
from November 21 to November 26 so for
the Black Friday offer you'll get a free
strap with any watch bridges and you'll
get 20% off on the selected bundle boxes
and you'll get 25% off on top
recollection and I got to get extra 15%
off use my discount code our Xmas appian
and of course there will be free
shipping on all orders so guys if you
know any of your loved ones who love
watches then get them watches from
Daniel Wellington because guys sulit not
okay but anyway on the time check it is
12:30 7 p.m. and I haven't eaten lunch
yet
so for now I think I'm gonna show you
guys you set up because you and I I mean
for my channel we'll be doing an ASMR
challenge because you guys seemed to
love my first a summer challenge ok so
let's go in first
ok so this is my setup for my video ok
so here we have all the chips this 93 oh
my
then a lot of you guys have been asking
me I'm gonna mic though this is called
the blue Yeti mic
I got it from the sales when I made that
a similar challenge video like most of
the comments bellow would likely use
yeah gonna you're lucky you're set up go
bug like fulfill mulatto like a sow and
because I use a 15 millimeter lens there
so this is how it looks like hey guys
update it's currently 596 p.m. and
cometh also now in my video or my collab
guys first day and I'm gonna hang out
there like my girl of and first names in
yes in your path begin the whole opinion
yeah fair enough scintillation Batangas
but in the fella
they're mostly and also gonna be
generous are similar hiking spots so
yeah that is it for this vlog I hope you
guys liked it even though it was kind of
messy that's why I decided to just sit
down and talk to you guys to explain
what happened
but I don't think I'll do this kind of
video more often just because I just did
this because you know my blog clips are
very messy to the point now I don't
really know how to like combine them you
know but anyway I'll get ready now
because gonna have you guys gone with I
think a little goodbye and I just
realized that I haven't really filmed a
proper like explanation or like an intro
or outro or whatsoever so you're not
found people okay is it I hope you guys
liked this vlog if you did make sure to
give it a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hash tag
Belfast and to get notified whenever I
upload a new video I'll see you guys in
my next one and don't forget that smell
amazing
