hey Los Gatos LA so for today's video
I'll be showing you guys a quick and
easy everyday makeup look for casinos on
Google because I know the struggle is
real so this video is sponsored by we
will use eccentricity of their products
so this one is three wise people fresh
powder and I will shade natural teeth
and we also sent me two of their horn
sensational talk about lipsticks so this
one is the shade touch-ups dude and this
one and plus perfection if you guys are
wondering yeah I've been using those
products in this video and other moving
product so meniscus versus okay first
off I will be moisturizing my lips using
the gable lip lip balm to leave my skin
with a smooth matte finish and
moisturize all day I'll be using the
baby skin instant pore eraser
Anabelle foundation of using the dream
Saturn scare liquid foundation and I'm
in shade b3 if you guys are wondering
and I really like this foundation
because it's lightweight and it has good
coverage so I will be running that all
in with a Beauty Blender now it is time
to conceal my huge huge bags using the
split me concealer anyways I'll be
applying that on my eye bags and on my
t-zone as well handle for don't forget
to blend blend blend test blending is
key then I'll be using the white super
fresh powder to set my foundation and my
computer's
and of course how could you forget about
the browser so I'm going to be using
this fashion duo shapewear so I don't
define my brows using the precise pencil
answers all and loads of powder end
Hannaford
I'll be doing the same thing on my other
idea because it would be weird if I
don't add some color to my cheeks I'll
be using 50 face brush and contours her
mascara I'll be using the hypercar
waterproof mascara and I love you so
much because it makes my eyes come alive
however first you better get that girl
know hahaha
what are we using the species bo stick
and finally for the list I'll be using
their new products which are the powder
matte lipstick so this one is in the
shade pumper section what Brandis look I
want to go for a nude lips of using this
lipstick and shade touch of new so that
is it and hope you guys liked it if you
did make sure to give it a big thumbs up
came by the way you can get this book
and your favorite movie is products at
the proteins one-stop shopping
destination exotica Cos Cob page and
click this link for their receive mail
if you guys wanna go to Laketown I'll
put the links down below and of course
don't forget to follow me beautiful
Queens on Facebook and Instagram as you
love me Williams and we are not miss it
and don't forget you got those evening
bye
you
