okay let's write this is a lot as I
still see you
I don't have makeup on and that is
because they're gonna do my makeup my
makeup is by the way this is idea powers
are you guys ready yep no learning are
you gonna make me like a clown okay
without further ado let's just go skardu
disappointed
okay oh my god what did he do fine
did you guys wash your hands yes my
ex-boyfriend is looking so beautiful
everything looks weird it looks like a
small village I think it's for your
iPhone
oh she knows she knows yeah yeah okay
come on okay what's the next step this
take looks like that's the final step
well I'm out fine okay okay I'm using
that for my face for them okay
that's sparse girl
go dad don't pass them your spoon
dismissed
I need not bother other eyebrow I music
and what is it what is it I don't know I
always I know this is actually for your
face okay I don't know what's the
mattress me under you ah okay okay
you're just fart on me how do you know
this
did you watch me keep its nose okay it's
time to go okay you like refit those
don't put it all the way up as authors
you have it's great and you know it's
not wait what what is it what is it
swiping it for your face again like the
feet
yes yes no I don't know how to I don't
know as a tiny thank you anyway no more
two people in the colony balloon is that
meeting skin okay welcome to the next
next one yeah I've got a powder it's um
I can't come Friday okay we don't know I
I feel you girl okay hopefully is for
you hard yeah I swear that and then you
have to do it
Oh oh my god you look like you can do it
I was so I think it for your eye on is
this nothing is happening anyway for the
iris inmates are your eyebrows
yep euro okay cuz I got my mom used to
Lulu Kyrie is gonna do my eyebrows okay
my eyebrows are not on fleek explain
what some isn't amazing sauces
when you're Lanie hey it's raining man
Bobby do it I don't lay eggs on
background ok ok i physical I think
kylie jenner's hi we did it when it was
close right
this sucks it's just a great can we do a
scary - yeah this is a sign and I just
make you have luggage oh my
if you go slow in there that's good half
bad
so in fact is these guys like way to
make up look how about you
I'm sorry if you guys like to see ya I
found other subscribe to be part of the
half-size bottle song and to get
notified whenever I post a new video and
don't forget that the hazing
