hey that's guidance abella kind of guide
to problem you tell my voice I'm sound
weird because I am sick right now but
that will stop me from filming a video
for you guys so for this week's video
I'll be doing a Q&A because you know why
not
so I asked you guys on Twitter at me
using hashtag accesses a lot thanks
without further ado let's decide it how
many times did I say so I just try it
okay first question how many times you
eat in a day I eat breakfast lunch and
dinner and a squirrel a ok snack so
maybe like five times a day what Sanders
you speak up school I speak in Tagalog
exposes because it's my first language
not English so what was your reaction
when you got nominated for you to
personality if you guys did not know I
got nominated for the top of seeing you
too personal for instance Asia and I'm
like so shocked because I just got an
email and said you got nominated and I'm
like I got nominated for what and then I
saw Jamie male edge I wanted to be in
this situation and oppose it for you
guys so I want to take you myself out
for the and the support first thing you
do when you wake up I want you to check
my phone or stretch are you going to
each if access to this year I really
want to go to this we to offenders
because I visit a prison second one and
post we're amazing
so I can't wait for this beautiful 5
cents and let's the fish I would be able
to get this because simple people
doesn't like a minute what is the hard
part
if you're a you can read a student at
the same time it would be hard because
you know school can be hectic sometimes
and you can't really smooth and you've
got much for me I think and I think I'll
sink full of deep you because it's been
haven't noticed I've been uploading
every week but yeah I mean that's the
hardest part of doing a youtubers what
was the last like tools um I will work
out
would you rather leaves without makeup
or without your camera I would rather
leave in the house without makeup on
just because I use my camera all the
pancakes pictures for my Instagram so
yeah how do you manage your time for
studying and for YouTube
okay I guess
a lot but every Saturday is myself a so
I feel like what to do videos depending
on my mood and every Sunday is studying
days so that's how I got school any of
you well quick can you enter on one
minute
well congratulations on 300,000 yeah I
was too busy on everyone else's Lagos
taking over me novellas Nate fellows
Vanina pasquese does
what's up fella fam hi good to see you
deuces Libya who okay next question
how come you ended up being a youtuber
and a blogger at the same time I started
vlogging because I want to see today
excuse me whenever I travel or whenever
I do something fun your best friend or
boyfriend edgewise 99% of my friends are
girls I don't know why but I only have
like method by Skype and can you use
some conscious fears I actually did some
consciousness resign your voice
under the video in joining your bionics
I'm relatively Laennec a little bit I
hope the other we do entities with a
bibliography go back with human with
agenda
that was really good Romania Hungary
token and booty key residues Iike Mena
category Monica machina me Monica
you are cute our Wi-Fi at the moment I'm
going to take Wi-Fi just because I want
to last me that I eat because gaining a
lot of fat and double chin and my cheek
basically I'm gaining a long wave who's
the last person you texted
I think texting or I don't have friends
I think the last person that I texted
was Jeb JEB amazing to us from my
gingerbread house college video makeup
item you always bring when you go out I
always bring my little with me just
because my lips are always chapped you
guys so bad how's the great nightlife
and I can't really explain the sometimes
is super stressful for sometimes it's
like chill so kind of chill but not
really it's not wonderful hyouma outfit
idea I think I got my office ideas from
my sister because she's like more formal
than me
so had to see you will we ever do
another collab with your sister maybe if
I considered I really want to do like a
part two over the script tag if you guys
haven't seen it I'll put the link down
below maybe that video makes me cringe
she heals our sneakers sneakers because
I never wear heels not comfortable
what's your sport I play badminton and
people Canyon
I don't play ball games I don't play
well as well basketballs public diet so
volleyball is our to eat those athletes
vary with me I really love your hair
what's your secret
I don't really do anything with my hair
but in person it doesn't look this nice
basically I just use shampoo and
conditioner fo I do distance travel or
sweet I'll travel because like I see
sure to sleep but tell us something
offer exactly this one when I was
collaborating with Lex and Katie I
almost went in the boys bathroom like
when I opened the door I was like why is
there a guy here and then I looked at
the side
and Zara are you okay would you rather
be able to fly or be invisible invisable
what strand are you planning to take for
senior high attending to take snooze or
ABM and definitely not stand because is
a mess the filter or flower callicles of
course without filters
that's kinda hi Malika yesterday because
bread rocks all over me like basically I
was just using my phone and then I got a
notification and it said retinol rocks
told you I was like are you sure it
might be like a size 8 and then I press
the notification and I produced America
will the for posting this picture
because you wouldn't follow me if it
wasn't for that picture so thank you
memory
what is there holy grails perfume my
Holy Grail perfume is that moment by one
direction and sadly I don't have it
anymore because you know I ran out but
soon and then if I was forgotten in
point of the video if you guys liked it
make sure to give it a big thumbs up and
make sure to subscribe to be part of the
Hat said welcome and to get notified
whenever I post a new video and yeah and
don't forget your that's more amazing
bye
