hey about dinosaur right now I'm
actually poisoning
we are in the airplane already and by
the way I'm with my brother sister and
my parents all right Aaron better go to
the US I am super excited because from
seven years really excited to go stag
the first thing that we went to the u.s.
to be cellphone pal but the sinus of
Korean Air and I like it because it has
more likely which I might have a v8 / -
I'm Sonia and game for the window see I
always like to have a go and okay
wow you always want it when you are
going fat the most noodles okay no I
Stephanie yeah my friends are
No oh my gosh they have Milan now which
I've never watched before and watch it
that later
oh my god sorry oh I'm so I assume
Gregory what are you sorry for
so we are going to be eating at Las
Vidya
it's like not not under normally what I
read what it's hot food
no have you got a line guys so I ordered
and I'm taken again to share common
attic news guys Tanya mustard my
favorite okay
update we're done eating and don't mind
if they're as true and
up but yeah I'll see you guys later so
we are about to board and a few actually
and there's free internet
what are you going to of course but okay
we're going to board now spice so is
that is the scene that we're going to
ride on it's huge like slide oh my gosh
taking our flight I hope I can survive
my damn nose means and ours life also
edit we can sip Empire like you're
sitting down so how do you sleep sitting
down and 13 hours anything a while ago
October come here you're not even
halfway through yeah I'm farting oh
super excited to edit because like ever
change my editing but I'm sort of the
process of life you live statuary I
don't believe anything goes up like an
experiment later on
yeah but remember comedies are sector
and finish on you big
yeah I'm inspired by keys and I said
I've been watching YouTube videos a lot
lately my favorite a provider knows
whatever semester we want to slip a
patient after Koscheck college aware of
super bra ladies and gentlemen and they
will replace the first official will you
offer an optional air this also flows
into our dish it was a beautiful good I
already have a graduation we are like
okay I have to admit something Emma
Watson
I have a lot on thank God for a USB port
so I can charge my phone okay what did
we put is not USB to USB three the QSB
to apparently they were for me date on
use electron yeah what you said well 10
hours and 10 minutes ago your sensor
since I met Jennifer - and I don't you
send me 10 hours and items inside 10
milliseconds of 10 so like you can see
like that
we sit down enough of yes so in fact us
also got spread which I want since I
don't like red
so yeah Wow Wow you're gonna cut my line
again
Oh a cop you know now we are Los Angeles
Julia I'm so sorry Anjali is not feeling
well surprisingly but usually it's me oh
my like oh hi I am but not really open
about my into Henry's Optima girlfriend
yeah running Jana yeah so we are now
heading to the immigration of LAX so
I'll see you guys after the way ahead of
us now immigration is so much of why
like what or not I don't know but it
goes so long
way back are so not like maybe SLR is it
my bad my PJs and stuff like that
surprise - happy with martinis but my
back because female one night because of
the low place also now we are going to
create our that get so mission
accomplished we found all of our Mineta
where they add on a bomb hello we're
outside we're out it's always summer I
love it I love fresh air okay
took us two hours to get here and later
I will be going to a restaurant I don't
know where but we're going to eat
our roma side huh we're the only ones in
years it's all focused nice okay we're
done eating feels so jet lag like I feel
like I'm moving even though I'm sitting
down or sending up I don't know I just I
feel like I'm still on the place I don't
know why I'm so close I ate a lot
it's like birthday here but I feel like
I've gained a lot of weight already okay
I'm in my cousin's bedroom because we
are gonna sleep here but I'm just
expecting myself right now because I
want to get ready for bed hopefully I'll
be able to sleep because you know jet
lagged so yeah I want to do anything
anymore I'm just going to wash my face
get ready for bed and just probably edit
if I can't sleep so I'll be ending the
vlog here on stay tuned for the other
vlogs because I'll try do daily vlog
I'll try guys out drive I hope you guys
like this video if you did make sure to
give it a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to me part of the hash tag
Bella fab and to get notified whenever I
post a new video I'll see you guys in my
next one
and don't forget your basketball amazing
bye
