hey the thread Isabella so this is going
to be my first ever Christmas video for
this year which I'm really really
excited about because you know the
holidays just get me hyped as you guys
can see I am super festive right now so
if you guys want to be in that Christmas
spirit just keep on watching because
I'll be show you guys some DIYs that you
can before your own because you know we
need to be ready for the Christmas
season so without further ado let's just
get started
so the things you'll be needing will be
a pillowcase any steps all of your
choice I chose a reindeer gold acrylic
paint or any color foam brush cutter and
tape so first need to look for your
stencil so I chose a reindeer and I
found mine on Google Images so print
your stencil out so the next step is the
hardest work I know I know it took me
like so long but it's gonna be worth it
guys so using your cutter or your exacto
knife cut your stencil out after that
long process now it's time to stick your
paper onto your pillowcase
now it is time to paint so get your
paint and foam brush and start anything
guys I think the best paint to use is
fabric paint since you know we're
painting on fabric so I don't really
recommend using acrylic paint because it
took me a lot of coats make sure you're
holding on the stencil while you're
painting because you know you don't want
the paint to go everywhere now it is
time to reveal your masterpiece this is
the most satisfying part here I'm just
retouching some parts and that's it
so for this super easy DIY you'll be
needing two clipboards and Cupid sisters
so I went to Pinterest to look for some
Christmas coats and these are the ones
that I found now it is time to clip your
coats to your clipboard and that's it I
know it is super easy but 3d spices up
your room you can handle these up on
your wall or display it I don't know
your call
so this next one is my favorite so the
things you will be needing will be some
block letters I got mine from Papa
Maserati some acrylic paint black and
white pictures foam brushes and glue now
cut your block letters and start
painting so I painted my letter J red as
well as letter Y and I think that the
letter O green I actually prefer textile
paint over a clear fit for this DIY
because it actually took me a lot of
quotes then print some pictures of
people who give you joy so I printed out
some pictures of my family my cousins my
Bella fam and my youth friends now it is
time to trace your pictures to the
letter O then cut the picture out and
paste it on the letter and basically
that is what you do to all the pictures
this is a bit time-consuming but I swear
guys it is worth it
and then coated with Mod Podge aka
glue mixed with water and that is it it
is so pretty you guys this is my most
favorite DIY that I have made and lastly
I'll be show you guys how to make this
snow boo so you will be needing a jar
Twitter snowflakes and mighty bond you
could also use a glue gun if you want
then it is time to stick the snowflakes
inside the jar or outside the drawer so
this is how it should look like after
that at the glitter and water and you
are done
so those are also DIYs that appreciate
you guys today so did you guys like this
video if you did make sure to give you a
big thumbs up and make sure to you some
Christmas themed video suggestions down
below and if you're watching this and
you need to my channel hi my name is
Bella and it will mean a lot if you guys
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Bella fam so that is it for this video
very Merry Christmas and don't forget
your that smell amazing bye
you
