okay that's right good
hey that's right good morning hey that's
right it's about a good morning it is
6:42 a.m. and about you have breakfast
and we're going to go to the third floor
we are now here and there are a lot of
which I'm really being excited about
let's eat
I'm super excited I've got pork cutlets
also Gershwin's also poop on your mask
good morning good morning
okay now we are done eating breakfast
and now we're going to go upstairs to
get ready because you have a city tour
at 8:15 and then after that we're going
to go to Disneyland so I gotta get ready
now oh wait up me me me me
we are now going to the lobby to start
the day I met my sister Vera now I'm
going to the bus and we're gonna ride on
deck sport
also vlogging there's a good view of the
fraud check is on the channel out it's
Angela forthwith I'll put the link down
my seatmate
Hey so we just went to a jewelry store
but we weren't allowed to plug but now
we are heading to our bus
I think our endings are watching we are
not going to the souvenir shop but I
still have pick up now going to the
souvenir shop I think I've been there
yeah this this elevator looks familiar
so we just got out of the souvenir shop
and Sandy were eggs sadly we weren't
able to blog there because again it's
not allowed but right now we're going to
our bus right yeah
we are now here at Victoria Harbour oh
my gosh I almost ripped it and I've been
to this place before because as you guys
know I've been here like three times
already
but this place never fails to make me
happy because you just look at the view
right then Ford if I hold it that's the
weather here is so nice it's cold which
I really liked that I love cold weather
is not hot and right now I don't know
where to go
oh the bus is right there we dad and
Angelo I don't know where they are they
just disappeared
but and by the way this is a place where
and you can ride a boat to the
restaurant but I don't like to ride a
boat because I easily get dizzy but now
we're off to dinner
we're finally here in New Zealand it's
already 3 o clock and we haven't eaten
lunch yet
we are here at it now smooth the last
time I went here there were no people at
all like first ride I went to was it's a
small world and there were no people and
by the way we are going to stay here
until 9:00 so I think we have four hours
left because it's gonna take us like two
hours to eat
whoo it's so hot and I'm wearing a
sweater and all night I guess are you
excited I'm freakin there now inside
we're now going to eat
we are also hungry
there are a lot of voices oh no long one
lunch is done it was so delicious and I
don't know what you're I can go write
orders but I'm so scared to ride roller
coasters
are we going then it's a small world man
you guys remember this place this is
where I filled my outfit Larry last year
oh no it's heaven we're gonna go in it's
a small world and I'm expecting a long
long long ride
oh the line is not that long so that was
fun so now we're just looking for
churros because I am craving the sea
that has the best churros I swear oh my
god this one's people hyperspace
Mountain and I don't know I don't want
to go in I don't want to like that
because it annoys scares me while they
are at Space Mountain I'm gonna bite
your as I found true
Lille are you going to my Cheerios one
evening thank you yes gonna bite your
ass again because it's my fave got my
second - how's it good what scary Hill
was full of a second how was it getting
awesome we're just Joey and mom they're
sleeping
we're now going to leave with the land
so tired
so I'm in the room now and I'm going to
sleep because I'm so tired so I hope you
guys like this video if you did make
sure think this video a big thumbs up
and make sure to subscribe to my channel
if you have it and don't forget is that
smell amazing bye
