hey that's right it's Bella so for
today's video I'll be doing a Q&A
because I haven't done one for a long
long time I think my last tuning was a
snapchat Q&A and I think that was like
three or four months ago I don't know
not sure but today I'll be doing a Q&A
like what I said a while ago so you guys
know drill I asked you guys on Twitter
and Instagram and if you're not
following me at my username is that
Bella whitey shameless plug but so
basically I'm going to answer all right
not all because you guys ask a lot of
questions
so obviously I won't be able to answer
all of them but you know I'll try so
let's just get started what is your
favorite drink I like green apple food
from McDonald's also vanilla milkshake
from Friday's um cookies ice cream
milkshake from Sunny's cafe um I also
like coke booth and soda
so like yes what else what else I think
that's it power crown our dog filter dog
filter like guys if you follow me on my
snapchat you guys will probably see me
using the dog filter all the time like
I'm so sorry if you guys are sick of
seeing me in that dog filter when your
hair is bothering me likewise how's your
new school going so far um recently I've
been loving my new school and it
actually took me a short amount of time
to adjust which is pretty good my
classmates are okay as well as my
teachers I have the funny thing is some
of my teachers as well as my other
school mates they actually call me Bell
amazing sometimes which is I don't know
I find it funny and sometimes whenever I
pass by some of my school mates they'll
be like don't forget your that smell
amazing yeah but yeah currently I've
been loving my school that's what each
connect start my calligraphy I don't
know it's many years actually that I've
been doing calligraphy but I not believe
this best at it yet I still need more
practice how do you keep your shell
every time you interview Cup Amelia
artists like how right you guys see me
in my cocoon days I'm like so chill but
inside look on
yeah that's what I feel inside is it's
hard to be a youtuber yes because you're
the director producer cameraman editor
everything but for me it's really hard
to balance school and YouTube because in
school you have a lot of things to do a
lot of requirements a lot of assignments
so I don't really have time to film and
edit because it takes me like two hours
to film because in a day I actually
filmed two to three videos but most of
the time I only filmed two it takes me
like a lot of time to end it so yeah
it's really really hard to ban school at
YouTube so sorry guys but I'm still
active on my social media accounts like
Twitter Instagram snapchat ASCAP and
Facebook so all the links of my social
vehicles will be down there what are
some makeup products I use I use this
oil clear face powder from the face shop
but yeah it's still my favorite until
now but yeah I use this one I film or
when I'm so so I leave it for my lips I
use this matte lipstick and it's in the
shade brave and I think you guys saw
this in my August favorites as well so
yeah it's actually what I'm using right
now then for my eyelashes I use the Shu
Moira eyelash curler and for mascara I
use this HD mascara from brow house and
I love this mascara so much the amount
of times I can dig on the high glasses
in the contacts Kappa no I don't wear
contacts I don't know I find it scary
because I've heard a lot of terrifying
stories about wearing a contacts and no
but if you guys did not know yeah I wear
glasses and this is how it looks like I
didn't know I must have a socket well on
lemon olive or whatever if no numbers on
the lips you plan to be a beauty guru
one day I don't know let's see in the
future I will definitely make like
makeup tutorials for you guys if I know
how already because this is the only
makeup look that I know so why would you
do a room tour maybe by the end of
here I'm not sure but I will definitely
make one for you guys what's your
all-time favorite movie I actually like
movies with zombies in it so I really
like World War Z um I also like Parent
Trap but Parent Trap has got to be my
all-time favorite movie because I
watched it many times already but I
might get sick of watching it so Parent
Trap Sam Kanaka crave no yah uh yeah boo
yeah boo but I'm also craving for
Friday's as well as army-navy as well as
Shakey's I'm craving for everything but
yeah boo I'm crazy for ya boo math or
science uh I don't know
um at the moment I think math because
science you have to memorize everything
and understand everything but yeah I
prefer math how not to be awkward in
social situations
I actually struggle with this as well
because I'm an awkward person like if
you guys know me I'm awkward like I
don't know how to start a conversation I
don't know what to talk about like all
right so I don't know if you're a shy or
awkward person I definitely recommend
that you guys go out of your comfort
zone and talk to other people in the end
it will be worth it because you get a
lot of new friends like whenever I go to
events and meet new people it actually
feels so good because for me it's an
accomplishment
I'm not really an introvert I'm not
really an extrovert I am unarmed over it
but knowing myself as a shy quiet person
and I try to reach out to others I don't
know this is why I love the YouTube
community so much meet up anytime soon
I'm actually planning on doing a meet-up
really really soon so I don't know if
I'll be doing one this year or next year
let's see when I your face is gonna be
removed next year sorry I just got so
high so excited to get my braces removed
because I don't like to have races
anymore what are the names of
blings I have a sister named Aaliyah and
a brother named Angela and Angela
actually has a YouTube channel so you
guys can subscribe to him his channel
name is Angela for the win and he does a
blog so crazy friends are shy friend
I need a crazy friend because I am shy
but I'm also crazy as you guys can see
from my videos but most of the time I'm
shy and quiet so I really need a crazy
friend what is your worst
baki what to do if you have haters I
deal with haters all the time like I
receive a lot of hate comments from
YouTube and ask fm also other social
media accounts but I cry my best ignore
those hate comments but the best thing
to do is so that is it for this Q&A I
had so much fun filming this video
because I'm just so hyper today like
right now my energy is like so high so
if you guys want more Q&A is make sure
to give this video a thumbs up and make
sure to leave some video requests down
below and make sure to subscribe to be
part of the hash tag valvetime because
you know I want you to be part of it and
don't forget your that's well amazing
bye
