hey let's try this below so right now we
are off to rally Kappa square because
today is you can create a model oh yeah
I restarted my blog because a while ago
I already filmed an intro for this vlog
but my sd card decided to break kind of
pattern also I had to reformat my SD
card right now we are inside the venue
and I am win again I mean from Sunkist
somewhere I do love fashion and beauty
video but really because I don't know
how to do stuff to check her out guy
Bella come sure that we're just eating
nachos and there are guys
is to empower and share
No
right now they're just having a brain
don't know what I'm doing I wonder when
it's right
Pizza
I
and this is my favorite the cutest child
logger ever
Janina actually told me she messaged me
she's like are you going to be to create
a second also I didn't get invited but
yeah I'm gonna go and I was like I'll be
there at 3 o'clock and then I'm on my
way
and then Janine is just like I'm not
gonna go feeling like I don't know she's
making a video something I've no idea
leave with me my sister
energy actually my mom
I feel under that yogi your mom your mom
is my age market people watch my videos
actually good youtubers here in the
place we are leaving as well by Belle
Epoque sorry sorry wait for our collab
it's the brothers sisters and Haley are
like the older version of the Bella
family know what's going on the Bella
cam on the bella bella ciao my god mommy
guys
Oh
so I already left the venue and I'm
outside obviously you do professor
always fun like the feeling I get
whenever I meet new youtubers and the
youtubers I already know it's just I
don't know it's such a good feeling to
meet like fellow youtubers and I don't
know I just thought YouTube events so
much so I'll end the vlog here so if you
liked it make sure you give the video a
thumbs up and make sure to subscribe to
my channel if you haven't and then don't
forget your that smell amazing bye
you
you
