I'm so scared hey that's right it's my
shower yeah I'll be asking a few
questions before these when you were
younger you remember for your mastery of
human consciousness cooler system is a
system which circulates around the body
and transports nutrients and oxygen to
the tissues also eating a removal of
this premise from the money how did you
do it like to ease you know an enemy I
forgotten all about them and I just know
in your hearts in the right place then
you're good to go ahead rub that oh how
do you develop your low form pop out her
vascular shaking people remember me for
my mastery of the human anatomy
now I capture the best in human form
with my photography everything is
possible we energy to get a really long
time like years and years before I sort
of found myself in photography I guess
it's always dreaming to the arts and
then you sleep like that and a little
bit and then I guess I'm the right kind
came it's just like so I'm also
developing my love for photography like
for my Instagram pictures I
like bloggers shot Oh kinda so my Bella
fam and I would love to see what's in
your camera but because you know y'all
love photography how big my back yes
like my flick everybody's just like you
smooth my god I gotta figure I am this
is my camera bag because old you want to
watch videos like this all the time like
youtubers bring out their like baby bags
boys I this bag I carry every day cuz I
shoot every day so I don't really have a
purse or like couch or anything like
that it's just like so heavy it's p.m.
yeah so this bag we found them at a
thrift store and like most of my things
for projects or so football you're going
to see a cap it has today honestly hate
the Sun and I have so many outdoor
shoots okay like you want serious that
first really that's such a serious
serious my basic tag includes my lens
this is my work lens a really big one
keep that you can call it like that
looks like a real but I'm like
oh and so it's really heavy actually
heavier than the camera so yes for most
my shoots some I keep my camera is a
beanie because this is a beanie I like
to wear and I my camera this is my 5d
mark ii it's pretty old
Kessler me well over inside my camera
strap
oh there's something in it children
ephemera strap and then in it I keep and
then I have like a few a question oh
it's so big you think - this multiple
yeah like means or anything getting
obsolete but oh my god you kids oh my
okay attach my flash here let me put it
on the light step
power bag oh I thought for your grammar
oh the yeah once my cameras can attach
to this I have a camera that's small and
then I can charge it like this and so
for to have one here where I keep the
cards you can because I think this one's
a smaller cards have my triggers so
these are for my flash adapters like I
have a better cooking for the and then I
have a trash bags for my trash either
than like littering
second pop you test my CF cards that's
what they're called kids TFR and fix it
bad summer batteries have a coffee
stirrer I have a Sharpie pen sometimes
it can work my extension cord so people
don't love battery I have my camera
cable for when I make is Heather has
changed have other adapters and pretty
much a Girl Scout but has everything in
my bag that's it for the main
compartment where the serious stuff is
so the outer compartment has the stuff I
reach
yeah people are always looking at my
photos and them they're like in my face
so I like smelling like gums and bring
my bag has this thing like a bungee cord
oh this I had my name like hottest fans
go my name is really not it was cheap
no it's a little critter moving on this
is actually a pill yeah another that
you're focusing here I have the cone
which I don't use but anyone post
article for my bangs have dry shampoo
antenna kinda my wallet
I got this at a thrift shop worth 50
bucks heaven perfume
free Thank You mr. Cecil if you're a
girl and you're a photographer your
backpacks are fun mm imagine like the
worst feeling in the world is when
you're shooting in your future a future
for my brush it's so portable always
having look we have the same one yes I
like doodling always have a book I try
not to like read the book unless I
really have nothing
it's just an emergency look Cantonese it
is this one have things like during
shoots they always order fast yeah this
will start so I keep the movie years for
Dragon is so poor it actually came with
the knife but here I can't bring
anything and I have my other phone so
thank you guys for watching this video
and thank you as well as readily lunatic
pakya legit
so if you guys like this video we treat
it with a thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to my channel if you haven't
and don't forget your that spell amazing
bye
you
