hey that's power so right now I'm at
abs-cbn because I'm going to film a
behind-the-scenes video of ggv and have
a quickening the device goondas really
excited and I'll show you guys my old TV
or well-known I posted my own video on
Instagram so wanna you know check my OCD
click on my Instagram account is down
below so just check it out
so right now I'm in the DTV studio I
didn't expect it to be this small like
on camera it looks so big but so small
in real life skies
right now the crew is just getting ready
because the show is about to start in a
few and they're not yet letting the
audience in I don't know why but it's
freezing in here I'm wearing a dress and
why is it so cold in studios like right
now soap opera fool me you know you
invited me I think they're guilty right
now
women before what's a politician unhappy
a listing of my but I'm set up a third
opinion of my beliefs upon how far as a
Episode II thank you so much joy
so the show has ended and now I'm going
to have a quickening with Vice Ganda hey
guys right now I will buzz good nice so
let's go friggin available and when you
do very what's your best physical asset
ah
my entire but is best physical asset is
I am perfect ok worst habit pressing
who's your one call away friend one call
away friend and sexiest man alive
sexiest man alive Ashley's favorite
expressions savvy contact with pel√≠cula
Louisville and no title veto a non-fatal
veto
I'm Peter melindam hives about the loop
at the border in addition okay Iron Man
or Thor Thor nicest person you know
non-equal um go my Baba goo incus I said
you know any you in perfect man would
fellow my partner apart my stand-up
comedy or hosting
Thunder coming I know theme song Naboo
Himalayan Mahalo my favorite person in
the world
Oh Mako at the Yolo Oklahoma teens
commented me forever but man on love
work are you how do you believe in
second chance yes I mean it's a novela
less complete the statement I am Vice
Ganda and I am beautiful don't forget to
that spell amazing thank you for right
now we're on the way home so I'll end
the vlog here if you guys like this
video make sure to with a thumbs up and
make sure to subscribe to my channel if
you haven't and don't forget your that
fellow amazing bye
you
