cool what's up where do people I win
will dance with without you guys go must
go lads
everyone's looking at us Kasane teto
neva ceresco run everyone's staring at
us I mean what's new I have to remember
you have to stop me because sometimes I
forget that this is your show and I
always think like this is my yeah
go home without a battle cookies and I
have to bug them guys it's always your
bug times we just did an eating
challenge which you can find on my
channel linked below
I just did it as a flip a shameless
blood oh okay we're going to have a link
your name
ready let's go Molly Colleen welcome up
a buffet and then Bella calendar the
next day ketchup or mustard favorite in
space mustard I hate ketchup how many
child is stuffed animal TV I only keep
the ones that you got you guys people
send me and so I have for now
no camera or no one on phone always
nothing gonna no cap si I woke up like
this and yeah the thing is I just like I
like waking up and putting my cap on but
I don't have that you sing and go there
box we go inspiration in making videos
Casey nice - sandal or t-shirt sand oh
my god Nicole actually fills up to me if
we're in my own house then NUCCA
shirtless this is interesting how many
girlfriends have you had girlfriend is a
really strong word
so only one are like two
girlfriend like you know like I don't
know yeah just go to most embarrassing
moment in your life oh my god that's
really hard
wait hold on give me time I don't think
anyone saw this is the last thing super
excited opponent in YouTube FanFest and
then I jumped up in the crowd and then I
fell really I fell and I still have a
scar on my to hoe detour and it's like
that big house really embarrassed really
and then ran up to like jump up in the
crowd and then I just fell favorite
annoyed synagogue on my own hands
sinigang shalmali but somehow no hang on
shut up Tanika I think there's going to
be hard for you Manila or San Francisco
on here opposite my whole life Laguna
Casa San Francisco 21 years and then and
Daytona cause on my Midland and almost
three years so I just be like my leg
that is the ultimate goal because you
know you always have to keep doing new
things you can't keep doing the same
thing over and over again or else a
cock-up value so I just like going back
and forth Emma well thing you got some
little except for your gun right and so
for my backwards hat in my classes best
thing about me you're free you can do
whatever you want they just creative
freedom you make a video isn't you know
do whatever I can talk about this like
five minutes the best thing about being
a youtuber you know and it's the viewers
and the love and the positivity and all
of you guys are so nice you know this is
like this whole community
I love the whole community and the
family thing I'm like meeting people
like bottom maybe it's just fun hanging
out
you know sharing common interests and
stuff who is your phone call away friend
Daniel Marsh Ireland follow Daniel Marsh
he's the coolest longer in the world
save another if you mean lane that I
think's in the head this great Janina in
one where she's nice no girl celebrity
crush maja Salvador yeah I'm good
describe your ideal girl is speaks
Tagalog youtuber in cute yeah no please
Mexican area in a relationship
understand why I've got a buzz
I'm the loving one kinda young man being
Omegas the last boy complete the
sentence I will that's a bit and I nuts
Oh crazy I'm cuckoo we've been doing
just like an eating challenge for the
entire time we've been here we're having
a ball cookies milk ice cream everything
now I interview Bella that's a twist
chabela Bella common interview actually
are giving more I know you probably Tom
legardie Tosa Filipinas sanma gusto
maglev I say bang bang sir
Monda have you travelled yet out of the
Philippines yes
Wow well-traveled fourteen years old but
a little you as like I went
there like six years ago visit me in San
Francisco what do you see yourself doing
in the next 10 years
same here doing the exact same thing
we're doing today but you won't be in
school no mother
yeah what advice can you give to all
your viewers out there ask me about this
I know me too that's why I'm asking you
and I'm moving it to you that's gonna be
yourself now actually I'll tell you be
yourself you just got to do it honestly
yeah you know it really has to be
something you're passionate about and
then you have to go all out I mean the
easiest thing I can say I'm sure you can
agree and every other youtuber is the
biggest thing holding me back from ever
youtubing was just the fear of what
other people think and being shy you
know once you get over being afraid of
what other people think your options are
limitless you can do whatever you want
Alcala in mode that day super Shia ho
and Velma good enough eleven
I think that's that's the best thing
that YouTube has done for me person
personally it's like it's made my
personality come out like it really lets
you express yourself for who you are
yeah there's my interview of you swag
don't forget your that smell amazing huh
bye Baboosh
she bought time with the special guess
is that's and the fam bail myself off
everyone subscribed to my favorite child
vlogger of the Philippine child vlogger
she's the future of us what am I so
normal
it's mine it's part of my exercise
routine
I'd say that's how I you know that's how
I thank you this is so much fun I love
this camera to look at this and now
we're just strolling out in Rockwell I
live right there if anyone ever wants a
bit know why yeah I'm just taking Bella
on my area and the fan the fans here -
what's up fam some guy wait where's
sister she's hiding
hi by the way we'll just woke up and you
went there right yes okay we're crossing
the road okay I shouldn't be buggin
something about that welcome ugh blow
across and I'm scared well I was looking
at the and no cars hey my hugs all
around
bye bye Bella fam bye everyone bye will
thank you
