hey that's right Isabella and lightning
though it's cooperating with me today
because most of the time it doesn't so
our past for today will be oh wait wait
what what date is it today wait I'll get
my phone okay it's July 18 s so later on
we'll be going to Sabadell to go to the
buffet I'm super excited I've been
waiting since yesterday I didn't eat
that much during breakfast because you
know I want to save my stomach where the
poopie that sauce your butt yeah and
pakodi for you guys my dress is from
cotton oil and my shoes are from adidas
and by the way my mom got this funny
magazine and look who I found
Jelena and Alexa who else and yeah the
three of us so while waiting for my
family to get ready right now I'm just
going to reply to some comments okay the
Wi-Fi is so slow oh there you go
gonna eat from granola while I watch
some YouTube videos right now I'm
watching me Laurie tisha hey that's
right it's man yeah hey guys what's up
natural for DeWitt and hey that's right
it's a Leo she's making Channel she's
gonna be kickin up now call Ali
exception
so today we're going to Sofitel with
yeah you guys have been recommending you
to do another video or blog human man so
yes we're down here at square grill and
starving pollution means going and also
our fans for finally time to eat
first place first thing is done no shop
in Maya oh you said it away
this is what I eat
i onion get me Anakin you know though
the query now gs8 cheese smells like
keys she's everywhere I know I love you
sparrow
I want it melted okay where do you get
these chocolatey there's like probably a
snack or in chocolate on the regular you
know what's good for you something
though there's always your script we
make okay
we're done eating and now we're just
going to go outside and the devil plays
whether the pool my channel who wants to
play chess oh and a few will be leaving
the Cupid already closed that's the sad
part
okay but now we're about on Sunday I
don't know what we're gonna do here
actually do you just come be the one I
said what no I didn't even hear what you
say this looks so nice next room full of
this right son here but it's bigger than
my hand
No
again we are now heading home I'm tired
and so plenty time no your your hair
tickling all smelling good I don't think
I'll be sleeping a lot besides you got
sleep by the post office right it's just
7:30 yeah but you know hey guys I just
got home and I'm still full of
surprising me but I'll get ready for bed
now you guys like this blog make sure to
give it a thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe I want to get notified
whenever I upload a new video or a blog
and don't forget your that smell amazing
bye
you
