hey that's right this is also right now
I will go home from the three feet haha
we're going to do a CLIA our club name
is Ashe paganella so on my channel
you'll be seeing a dipole in makeup
challenge and on your channel we play
the tooth or there's leave yeah we watch
our video out the link will be down
below as well as for Chando links
without further ado that just get
started okay I can in spinning a little
bit let's start
you think I'll start first with trimmer
Babe Ruth good a party at La Nina
decided opinion maybe this box this in
this box I think this is blush I don't
benefit
okay
yeah
Branka poquito yeah I use this there's
some Brown Shakespeare's Casey at the
folio and all rectangles
I don't know anything Curtis is the
product that I'm using
okay yeah that's oh yeah oh haha
my country is now done got your girl put
your brows but I thought I'd be good I
know this guy's cuz you because he no do
not make up do that right yes no I'm
just good the sons of my angle opinions
if it was something you have to define I
love my eyebrows to be on fake okay yeah
makeup remover eyeliner
yeah let's focus not oh yeah I should
yeah naked 2 palette that's not my oh
yeah with my eye makeup too
thank you for the FBI yeah doesn't write
a music I'm telling you guys I'm very
sensitive for your opinion oh yeah just
follow her tips when you acute this
that's how you do yeah he's gorgeous
eyeliner let's go to my liner and I got
my offenses
cows watch it for you guys what do you
want in / - there guys pearls look Vic
what shade is this this is in the shade
shade time so far it's very well I'm
going to do not basically like that and
then you could be knew it then of course
you need to see this in mm-hmm this is
my everyday makeup look good guys then
we just get my own stuff to put it off
hey Monica
yeah okay class you're such a yeah
and I know that this big play lives with
that thing
let me just eat lunch oh yeah that's it
guys that's the end for you are you
ready to see your masterpiece scores I
know if it's good okay should I take it
yes oh yeah she look amazing the wing
it's a hard day and my lips are really
livid you totally look like me and this
is me now
come here is Mike home so I hope you
guys liked this makeup lock the back
closed earlier at the Hang hit me up if
you liked this video make sure to give
this video a thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to my channel and to my
channel please yeah definitely subscribe
to my channel if you want fashion videos
and also lifestyle beauty videos yeah
just subscribe to our channel if you
wanna get notified whenever you put a
new video and don't forget where is that
smell amazing
bye
