hey that's right Isabella so if you
haven't seen it this face before that's
because you haven't subscribed to my
channel yet so if you want to see my
face all the time that sounds weird and
creepy but you can click that subscribe
button it's somewhere here so moving on
to the point of this video if you will
follow me on my Instagram you guys will
know how my key looks like look like
this so in this video I will be show you
guys how I edit my Instagram pictures
and I'll give you guys some tips and
tricks because I've learned a lot
making a good feed I kept doing it goofy
but to be honest my feed right now is
kind of in the uglier side that is
because I kept on posting pictures that
dope at my feet so I need fix like me
right now but I'll show you guys how I
added my Instagram pictures but I had a
kind of a nice theme going on and by the
way if you're not getting follow me on
instagram a username is just below I see
all of my social media links will be
down in the description box
you guys haven't asked me to do this
video for a long a long time
so I decided to do it today so if you
like more videos like these make sure to
Twitter a thumbs up and dashes get
started okay first I'm going to show you
guys how I add my Instagram pictures so
starting off with apps that I use I use
Snapseed and so basically that is
everything that I use to edit my
Instagram pictures so the first thing
that I do when I edit an Instagram
picture is to adjust my phone brightness
so I turn the brightness all the way up
so that I can see the actual picture
those first app that I use is not seen
and this where I adjust the brightness
saturation and
what the saturated alguns yes there so
I'll just open a picture and this is the
picture that I'll be editing it's a flat
name so first I just rightness and it
actually bends so the picture so in this
picture I'll adjust it maybe 50 okay now
I'm going to adjust the contrast
absolutely just 235 and then I don't
really just the saturation well it
depends on the picture but sometimes
they are just it just a little because I
don't want my pictures to be too
saturated I turned it to maybe plus 10
then I add the onions and this makes
everything so much better so I just did
two plus 20 and basically it that is how
I edit my pictures on Snapseed so just
save that save a copy and then I move on
to fiscal gap okay now I'm just going to
import the picture so you guys have been
asking me Bella what filter do you use I
use the c4 so I just press c4 and I
don't want it like super washed out so I
just do me me plus four and basically
that's how I edit my video at pictures
it is super simple
so moving on through the tips that help
me give you guys so first tip and you're
editing a picture like what I said a
while ago you should adjust your phone
brightness so you guys will see the
actual picture like how bright it is how
saturated it is second tip is have nice
lighting
well it depends on your feet if you have
like a Grunch dark theme you can always
take pictures in the dark you want but
in my case I have a bright theme so I
always need nice lighting so you don't
have to like my studio lights those kind
of stuff you can always use natural
lighting that is the best lighting that
you can get next is to take pictures of
what you love because if you post
pictures of what you love you'll have
actually love your feet and those
pictures will showcase who you are and
what you
so those pictures will eventually build
up your feet next is fat lays I love
that a so so so so much but I'm in the
process of making a good that way
because to be honest I'm not that good
at it when they get exactly I suggest
that you leave space between the objects
so that the picture was Oh clucking my
last tip for you guys is editing editing
makes a huge difference on making a goat
cheese but when editing make sure not to
over saturate put too much of eggs put
too much like leaks but yeah so over
saturate don't put too much of X's
because that will eventually ruin the
picture and the quality of your feed
so tips from Bella so that is it for
this video if you liked it make sure to
give this video a thumbs up and make
sure to leave we come down below what of
editing have you used for your Instagram
pics and don't forget to subscribe if
you haven't because you know if you
subscribe you'll get notified whenever I
upload a new video and you'll always see
my face on your subscription box and
don't forget your that smell amazing bye
