hey that's right as well so for today's
video I'll be doing a back-to-school
related video because you guys just love
back to school videos and since it's
already back-to-school season here in
the Philippines I decided doing you guys
not a backpack essentials and by the way
there's also a collaboration with
Samantha much I know she'll be doing a
what's in my pencil case video so if you
want to check your video out the links
will be down below and the link
somewhere social media will be down
there as well so let's just jump right
into it oh can be selfies so oh my gosh
so starting off into my backpack I use a
herschel backpack they call this the
little America backpack that's just like
a rucksack backpack and if you guys
watch my what's in my backpack last year
you guys wouldn't know that I'll be
reusing my backpack because it's still
in good condition this backpack here is
a lot of things so that is pretty handy
since I bring a lot of peace to school
okay that was open my backpack and let's
see what my first essential is so first
off I need notebooks of course because
you need to list down some notes some
important words some key words I don't
know up to you and if you guys are
wondering my notebooks are from the
brass band more noise of course you need
to have writing materials to write on
your notebooks because if you don't have
a pen no notes no notes no study no
study fail fail no diploma see what I
mean
so that is why pens are super important
okay and of course I need to have a
pencil case to carry all of my pens
because no pens no no it's look at this
kidding I don't want to repeat it if you
guys want to see it what's in my path to
this video I'll make it down below and
if you guys are wondering my pencil case
is from forever 21 this is there a lot
of specification to school it's pretty
handy to bring index cards
because just like use this as two guards
so you might knock the central are some
post-its because I can use this as like
bookmarks but I should really get the
square post-its yeah this will be pretty
handy because if you have like homework
and you're too lazy to write it down on
your assignment notebook you can just
mark the page of your assignment you got
me yes yeah my next essential is a
scientific calculator because we use
this in math all ways I think we'll be
using this a lot in green eyes so I'm in
common grades 9 by Knox essential is my
laptop because you always use like
laptops computers in my schools and I
can such as a pair of earphones
it's Sanko right now but I'll fix it
later it should fix it now there you go
so my nice essential is a pair of
earbuds because sometimes if we're like
using our old laptops and we are reading
on a paper or something we can listen to
music so the teacher always asked us to
part your phone so yeah I love bringing
earphones because you can just jam to
music while working when you're like
project so my next essential is my phone
because sometimes the internet in our
school does it work on my laptop it
always works on my phone so in case um I
need to research something I always use
this if the internet doesn't work on my
laptop so this is an essential for all
the girls out there a key guy kid so
this back completes my face so well not
really because my feet can't fit in
there just kidding time so for any
again so in this cake I get there are a
lot of things in here because me and
girl is it that easy so the first thing
in here is my hairbrush because my hair
in school just doesn't look good so I
always need to bring a hairbrush with me
so my nicest deal is perfume because
after PE class I just want to freshen up
but if you guys did not know I've been
loving that moment by one direction so I
just put it in this like little spray
bottle skate as you guys can see I don't
have that much perfume left so I
definitely need to buy another purview
so my next essential is alcohol because
there are a lot of interns in school so
yeah after the ease up before we eat you
should bring on some alcohol on your
hands next is men and I don't know I
just love bringing in school guys no no
no I love this element I love anything
inventive but yeah this is just new Dom
its trigger feel it so my next essential
is a lip balm
mine is from the face shop and this is
the negocios lip care lip balm and and
yeah this does a great job on
moisturizing my lips so yeah I really
recommend it so those are all of my
backpack essentials if you guys liked it
make sure you this video a thumbs up and
make sure to leave a comment down below
what your backpack essentials are and
make sure to subscribe if you haven't
because you know if you want to get
notified whenever I upload a new video
just hit the subscribe button and don't
forget your that's Belle amazing bye
