Hey that's right it's Bella first things
first yes I got a haircut and I know
it's kinda short but it's not like this
is longer than my hair that I had last
and yes I got a haircut
and it's my first time too god this is
this short so the second I still have
clothes like what I said on my Twitter
or snapchat I think it's not that
obvious my voice but yeah the same and
third we have ten thousand subscribers
it is amazing thank you guys so so so
much it really means a lot to me so
moving on to the point of this video
I'll be doing a prion world because I
know how but you guys are all so I
started to make a current halt which
I've never done before so and by the way
this video is kind of an end-of-season
haul as well because everything is on
sale like every store I like stay
outside so that just caught my attention
so there's a little bit of damage so
let's just get started
first store is calling on and I've got a
few stuff from here so I got a pair of
drawers from cotton on and what I love
about it first it's fast aisle and
second there's like this details at the
side and it's like this crochet type of
thing so we I got this so this next one
piece that I got is kind of out of my
comfort zone but I will wear it anyways
because it looks so cute
so I got this denim dress and the thing
that makes it cute is has cut out to the
back so that really puts a nice touch to
the dress I'm that type of person who
gets cold easily so if I write that
dress I really need to throw out
cardigan on so I got this cropped
cardigan from Cara Knott and it's just
black and as guys know I love her again
so much because it's just easy to throw
on
so yeah I got this and I also got the
same cardigan in pink so that is
happening that I got from foreign oil
azar I only got one thing from here and
I got a pair of shoes shoes so from Zara
I bought these pair of shoes and asked a
superbike hauls I don't really buy shoes
that is because I have the same shoe
size as my mom and sister so I don't
really buy shoes because we could just
share you know okay now we go to hmm my
favorite store so I got this black
sweater from H&M and as you guys know I
love Turks know so much and this the
looking of this is so soft and fun fact
I really like I prefer sweaters more
than jackets I don't know because
sweaters are softer than jackets just
saying sign from sweaters and jackets I
really love cardigans so I want a
cardigan and I have the same cardigan in
gray so yeah I got another cardigan so
this next thing that I got is kind of
similar to the one I wore your father's
name so if you want to check that block
out the link will be down below so it is
just this black halter top and I want
them to yoke to the material this is
better than the one I wore during one
day tbh but yeah I got that so that is
everything from hmm
moving on to fours for over 21 so I got
this dress and if you wear it it's it
yeah that's why it's kinda I don't weigh
comfort zone but I want to try out new
things you know and it's also sleeveless
so it will be really nice if you throw
on like a denim jacket so yeah I got
that I know what you guys but then it is
just popular these days so I decided to
get this denim skirt and it has a button
at the side and the zipper as well so
yeah I'm really excited to wear this I
really can hear like Christmas songs
playing like our neighbors playing
Christmas songs
I'm not even complaining oh my god the
next thing that I got is this Caesar
stop and yes it is cup again you guys
know how I love hot tubs so it has this
like
details so yeah a little bit though
surprise surprise I got another halter
top which is sprout again the material
is not afraid because here the
Philippines it is so hot so yeah it's
really perfect for the weather here in
the Philippines so yeah a little bit
I just love everything so the next thing
that God is kind of summery but even
though it's not somewhere so it's just
this sleeveless top and has like just
Aztec pattern it's blue so I really like
it so yeah so this stuff would probably
be my favorite one this is just so easy
to throw on
so it's just this knit top and it's all
so proud it's the smoke color so I
really really liked it and I also got
the same color in that what that made no
sense
I got same color in black I got the same
top and back huh bear with me guys so
lastly I got freebies forever 21 because
you know free stuff I love this stuff
y'all long press oh you don't huh you
guys know how I love kilos cute pants
keep everything here there are a lot of
like notebooks and stuff so the first
notebook says stay focused and extra
sparkly like the book says messy bun and
getting things done so cool and there's
just a simple notebook again but there
are free stickers guys there's like
emoji stickers like hashtag lit this is
the next lookbook and this is my
favorite because it's hard
it just says happy girls on the previous
guys just like a notepad but at the back
there like postcards
it says hbd imma stay in bed that's
totally me but yeah there are a lot of
posts in there the last thing is this
step and it has a lot of like notepads
there's like sticky ghost air it says do
tomorrow do never do now do later that
is so cool I would totally use those so
basically that is everything that I got
for this hall if you liked it make sure
to give it a thumbs up and leave a
comment down below if you want more kion
the halls because I would love to film
those for you and make sure to subscribe
if you want to get notified whenever I
upload a new video and don't forget your
that's what amazing bye
