hey that's right Isabella so today I'm
feeding a highly highly requested video
which is a type of Q&A you guys have
been asking me to speak it out in my
videos I don't even know why but if you
guys did not know Tagalog is my first
language not English so just put it out
there and I actually just realized that
I haven't done a Q&A for how many months
now I think my last Q&A was a snapchat
Q&A so I look units because I don't it
just so chill so I'll be answering the
questions that you guys ask on Instagram
and Twitter speaking of Instagram and
Twitter if you haven't followed me yet
my username is that's about YT you guys
asked a lot of questions like Lupino
related YouTube related actually just
random questions so without further ado
let's just get started first question is
are you pure Filipino
yes I am 100% Filipino proud to be to
know it is your birthday I was born on
favorite February February I was born on
February 9th 2002 which makes me eat
those Wow bad I was born on February 9th
2002 which makes me 14 right now other
countries have you with you on Singapore
ah
Hong Kong Japan and yes will you have a
meet and greet soon I don't know because
if I have a meeting creep I think no one
would go I don't really know if I'll be
hosting a meet and greet really soon
what do you usually do when you're bored
um stare at the ceiling I don't know
about you guys but whenever I'm bored
like I always just stare at the ceiling
are you excited for school hopefully
tips on managing YouTube and school I
get even found school and you do because
I think school is my top priority
I only have three times that's when I
will fail but yeah if I have like a lot
of homeworks and I will most probably do
my homeworks instead of like planning
videos filming videos editing how do you
react today I don't really react to hate
comments negatively like I don't I don't
even like I just ignore
comment to be honest every Starbucks
drink oh off a Brita my buddies all
Starbucks drink is probably the water
beer or the vanilla cream Pacino with
and I'll see your fianc but I forgot
that single oh there don't be nice zero
I remember in it what's your dream
summer vacations this Olomouc travels
i'ma grab a well not like road trip
because I forgot to think of gallon Bel
Air I was not feeling well next time our
tonig suka TMI but yeah so we ever tried
skydiving no that's it but one-degree
mahasaya passe I'm like the hottest
ahead small roller coasters Miko telega
I like my extreme Ryan vegan favorite
Filipino dish my favorite Filipino day
would probably be probably probably okay
I'm just going to speak in Tagalog I
like synagogue with lumpia and yeah
those are my top two favorites what's
your comfort food um probably sweeps
metropolis um ice cream yeah ice cream I
love ice cream so much like I have a
sweet tooth so yeah but so sweet or
sometimes eye cream for like um salty
food so good are you playing any sports
oh my god please ankle tennis and
badminton then I look like buildin I'm
gonna pile on like a mud ball games in
they like basketball volleyball soccer
but I kinda like soccer put the economy
in another go so simple tennis and
badminton what grade are you this school
year
um incoming green in the hole so I'm
kind of scared cuz I'm done Savin up my
he raps stressful I'm Nicole
so yeah great man then you know your
pizza home here of none
so kind of scared and you have some
problems when starting your YouTube
channel to be honest yes I'm not makin
again from grandma and don't start on a
youtube channel like when I started my
youtube channel we'll have time area
without lights what happened well I had
a tripod become a nun who hair like this
my dad and I used a paper called before
when I was filming and we thought my
window so he'd be balanced to life so
it's not the lighting is not that good
before as you guys can tell from my
previous videos and that time then I had
like an iPhone 4s so the quality isn't
that good
it currently please what of you guys
haven't asked me to do a skincare
routine which is like I don't even know
because you guys have been telling me
that my skin looks so flawless but guys
I have very simple right there right
there
and I don't really do anything in my
skincare routine I just like wash my
face with like Cetaphil or like the face
shop um cleanser so you're not gonna go
up okay what's your height oh no no one
trying to haul me - new head coach and
they said I was 5'4 so by four if you
know your last question this was a good
thing for this Q&A or if you liked this
video make sure to give this video a
thumbs up and if you want to try those
below fam make sure to subscribe yeah
that's about it and don't forget your
that smell amazing bye
