hey that's right it's Bella so today I'm
not alone Alexi don't be offended
really oh yeah Lexie yeah yes shuttle to
you so today we'll be collaborating and
I'll be doing a back-to-school outfit
ideas video and she will do a
back-to-school essential so when it's
back-to-school you need a bunch of stuff
so you need my help
oh yeah you need to check our video out
don't envy any the soup inbox so
subscribe to her as well I'll still miss
it of course so in this video I'll be
showing you guys some outfits also Lexie
shall be showing you guys some office I
pick out three outfits and makeup - yes
I know it can be stressful when picking
out an outfit for the first day orderly
you will help you guys out so I hope
this video will give you guys some
inspiration and the animation to this
video a thumbs up and let's just get
started with this first off it is a copy
one because it literally feels like
you're wearing pajamas which I really
like because you gotta be comfortable in
school so my top with red and white
stripes is from Zara and the Floyd pants
that I am wearing is definitely my
favorite because it's so comfortable
so it is from cotton on and my doll
shoes are from Stellaluna so this next
outfit is personally my favorite because
it just looks so simple so I'm just
wearing a white crop top from Zara and
I'm also wearing these Zara black pants
to add something to the outfit I tell
you this demo crandall around my waist
which is from Zara and I wear my super
stars which are from medidas of course
so this outfit is perfect if you're too
lazy to put an outfit together just I'm
right here is in the shorter sides so it
still depends on your dress code so my
dress with black and white stripes is
from H&M and once again I'm wearing my
superstars
so this is the first outfit that likes
to sit out her top that says game on is
from H&M and your light washed jeans are
from Terra Nova Emperor shoes are from
rising so this is Lexi's next outfit
so let's actually forgot where she
bought her pop but it's from the online
store so she liked today's low shear
memories and her white shirts are from
mango and her shoes are from adidas
I hope you guys enjoyed this video if
you did make sure to this video a thumbs
up and leave a comment down below your
favorite outfit yeah that's about it and
don't forget to subscribe yeah I'll see
you guys in my next video and don't
forget your that's what amazing by
looking at me
oh my gosh
