it is
you
hey that's right is buzz so it is still
summer well I think most of you guys are
going back to school tomorrow or we did
this week or within this one but I'm
going back to school in August so I'm
still closing summer themed videos but
anyways if you guys follow me on my
social media accounts like Twitter
Instagram snapchat you guys would
probably know that I want to Blair went
glamping went to Casa Pacifica and we
actually had surfing which is pretty
cool and so it was so fun if you guys go
to Blair I recommend that you guys try
surfing because it was so much fun
actually I got sick after that road trip
but it was worth it anyways since we
went to the beach I decided to show you
guys my story which essentials as we
need a lot of things during the summer
time because it's hot it's it's gonna
bring your skin like my face is so dry
right now it can't you see in the camera
but it is if you like summer making this
video a thumbs up and I'll stop talking
now so this is good 31st the central
asia cap because you guys have no idea
how hot it was when I was at malaria I
was like so hot and my face was thin red
so I need extra protection from the Sun
so a cap is a central
speaking of extra protection my next
central is sunglasses because you've
raised damage your eyes so stock up on a
pair of sunglasses and is a perfect way
that your eyes and also perfect for
selfies of course I need to have a
cover-up so if you're just chilling by
the beach or if you want to go out of
the water for a while use a cover-up
instead of a towel because you know it's
more comfortable and that day I were an
off shoulder top because my bikini top
didn't have a strap so that's why
lebra's is the most appropriate Footwear
that you can bring at the beaches so -
from havaianas and it's super
comfortable so another essential of mine
is a mental throw because they don't
want to be sitting on hot sand because
you know science the heat you know
science okay so luck is essential you
guys you are be having too much fun
under Sun but once you head indoors
you'll be surprised that you look so
pink so you always got to protect your
skin from the Sun of course you also
have to protect your face so there's
also a song book for your face so use
that because you don't be red like a
tomato
right right my lips tend to get dry and
chapped since it's really hot out so in
order to fix that I just pilot bone to
keep it moisturized I definitely need an
after solution because after I swim my
skin becomes dry so this just helps
rehydrate my skin my necks essential is
my Polaroid camera and I don't know I
just love using my Polaroid camera and
this is the best way to stretch your
cell memories during the summer time a
GoPro is also an essential because you
gotta capture some memories underwater
oh yeah and is the part when I seize it
so I water and you don't want to miss
any more with like this yep
oh then you may be swimming in it now
okay I'll stop you need to keep yourself
hydrated throughout the whole day
because you know you might get
dehydrated because of the heat so stay I
did expose what stay hydrated
so you guys liked it if you did make
sure you took this pretty thumbs up and
let's try to get audio to 231 likes
random number but I know you can do it
and we reach five tons of every way
what and we already have 0.26 thousand
guys that is incredible thank you guys
so much you've been gaining and healing
and thank you guys so much
Bella found the best exactly comment
down below you're sore weak essential
because you know I'm interested not
creepy at all but and yeah that's about
it and don't forget your decibel amazing
bye
so you smell my desolate Bella
