I met you in the diet you with me oh you
made me feel as though I always enough
we danced the night away we drank too
much I held your hair back when you were
throwing though you smiled over your
shoulder for a minute I was stone-cold
sober I pulled you closer to my chest
your eyes stay over I said I already
told y'all I think that you should get
some
you have till then but you never know
cuz I Faye : I was scared of letting go
I love you till my lungs give out I
promise to deathly pale egg in the vows
so I wrote this song for you know
everybody knows that it's just you and
me to our grain old
hey guys I'm Bella from that's below in
the group and for more music click third
semester deathly pale egg in the Vosges
so I wrote this song for you know
everybody knows that it's just you and
me to our great
