okay guys so if you guys have snapchat
you guys would probably know that I'll
be doing a snapchat Q&A if you guys
aren't friends with me on snapchat my
snapchat username is the decimal OIT you
guys should not need and most of you
guys send messages instead of pictures
and Theo's favorite clothing store right
now my favorite movies for at the moment
is a Nichkhun is a favorite store before
ones who were ever 21 and under you like
H&M but now I love this shirt is from
H&M actually favorite snapchat filter I
love you and your videos thank you so
much
and if my favorite snapchat filter is
okay let me just okay I look so weird on
camera okay um this is actually my
favorite one
I look so weird right now and actually
love face off too and I have been base
trapping with a lot of people that
sounds weird but I think you guys know
what I mean do I look back now oh my god
I just saw this right now what is it
next question hi Ann Tavella is the
snapshot given a a video yes it is if it
is would you rather eat a tablespoon of
mayonnaise or put the gel on your face
in the whole video sorry I love you and
and I would probably put in the towel on
my face is full video which I won't do
right now because I don't have any the
lighting and I actually did that on my
dare video I honestly hate mayonnaise
yeah I would put this out at my face
what is your summer starting suddenly my
summer starts and most of you guys will
probably be out of school
next next week I'm not sure yeah looking
for you guys if you were to date any
international star who would it be Joe
sack don't really have any celebrity
crush but no sucker
well yeah what are your five favorite I
love I love you too and my favorite food
door is so hard for me guys I have a lot
I love steak ribs this is so hard I'm
only allowed to pick five okay I love
alfredo pizza I forgot about pizza so
there are some questions that I haven't
read but some of the questions you guys
sent I read already and that is because
snapchat is like flagging so it keeps on
like opening snaps so I'll pour the
question here you're on the stream
actually I don't
I watch some because of our DIY but I
really watch his watch someone else asks
what is my dream camera and my dream
camera is 370 PD it's what every
youtuber uses well the one I have right
now is the canon powershot g7x this is
actually vlogging camera
this best for vlogging so many 2% been
recommending you get Canon 70d or the
canon eos rebel cameras you can earn
Rebel t4i bye-bye t6i youtubers mostly
use the Sigma 30 millimeter point to
lips F 1.4 lens and they just wished
lens and buy a camera body but right now
my dream camera HD canons empty and so
that is it for this snap acuity sorry if
I wasn't able to answer some few actions
but I'll be having another snap acuity
soon so stay tuned for that so I hope
you guys like this video if you did make
sure to give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe for more videos and I'll see
you guys bye
