hey guys sorry I haven't been uploading
consistently but there are two months of
school left so after that freedom today
I'll be filming a February favourites
for you guys because I decided to make a
favorites video for a very long time I
attempted to film but hey I'll be
showing you guys some things that I have
been loving for the past month so yeah
if you guys want more favorite videos
make sure to give a thumbs up so let's
just get started superstars and I love
these shoes so much for these shoes have
been trendy for the past month these
shoes are so comfortable and it looks so
I've been wearing these shoes to school
do basically anywhere I go house I have
been loving this cleanser from the
faceshop
the cleanser that I used before this was
amazing it's the one for philosophy but
then we found this one when we ran out
of philosophy one then this one is
similar to the philosophy classes that
we had so I really love this one and
it's the Kia Cee'd fresh classic
it smells so good guys I totally
recommend this you guys probably saw
this in my what I got for cash this
video if you haven't checked that out
I'll put the link in the description box
but I have been loving that moment by
one direction and I wear this every day
better than or a moment to be honest and
then looking forward for the you and I
perfume also the better what is their
new perfume and regard but it looks
fancy you guys probably saw this in my
one I got for Christmas video too and
it's the lolli balm and it's in the buff
I haven't using levels for a very long
time but the lip balms that I used
before didn't work like yo s Baby Lips
no it was only those above that work for
me so I'm loving this before I was
addicted to phone cases like I had like
ten my dad gave me some phone cases and
these are from Urban Outfitters these
phone cases have like the patterns of a
tapestry which I really like yeah I've
used are my favorite phone cases at the
moment lately I've been reading you the
name et by Joe so you can't even
describe how amazing this book is
haven't read the entire book but I
you guys want a good book read then I
would recommend username what is next
Oh music so my laptop is already 2% or
we need to move fast
ok my laptop won't respond ever-loving
youth by choice we have a loving Troy
what am I even seeing so I have been
loving youth by currency bun and I love
this sauce also my to love price of one
songs I have beautiful wild everything
his songs are your best you guys watch
the music video views like yes and then
also loving we don't talk anymore by
Charlie puth and Selena Gomez I believe
I mean it is from a classmate and I was
listening to it non-stop guys here and
background noise I am so
there's like construction going on
outside so those are all of the things
that I've been loving for the month of
February and actually I've been loving
those products until now you guys have
video requests just comment down below
and I'll try to fill those three guys
and then is it for this video I hope you
guys liked it make sure to give this
video a thumbs up and I'll see you guys
in my next video bye
