hey guys so and yeah I have a bandaid on
my thumb because I cut myself
accidentally and I didn't even notice
so for today's video I'll be doing a
Christmas haul or a what I got for
Christmas video
and this is highly requested so I'm
doing this because you guys want to see
the things that I got so I am NOT
bragging at all I'm so grateful for
everything that I got so let's just get
started so I got some face masks from
the control panel for my brother so I
got these so I got these face masks this
is for black heads on your nose I also
got these face masks and look how cute
these are these are character masks so
it's kind of cool so this one is a pops
and this was is Santa so that's really
cool so I'm excited to try these so the
next thing I got is under my wish list
that moment my one direction and I had
our moment before but it's gone already
so I'm really really excited to kind of
out well actually I tried it already at
its most really really good and look at
the bottle so it's like our moment but
it's prettier the next thing that I got
is from benefit and it's the lolly balm
it moisturizes your lips very well so I
also got something from the body shop
and it's a about a shop yeah but it's so
so I'll be using this the next couple of
things that I got are earphones and I
got a lot and I don't know why but I'm
not complaining because I love earphones
so the first thing that I got are these
earphones and these are the grand face
system for iPhone and smart phones and I
love the colors pink even you guys know
I love pink and I also got these skull
can heat your phones from my classmate
and handle your phones
I also got some fuzzy socks and these
are so soft I wish you guys can touch it
it's very raised on one of these are my
sisters but we got a
these are from Uniqlo and yeah I got
some fuzzy socks I also got this bag
from mango and if you guys know me I
like wearing bags so we also got a
backpack and it says fries before guys
are just really cool and this actually
from my brother's classmate so thank you
hard I real water bottles everyday to
school so I got some water bottles and
has like polka dots that are like
dripping down which is really cool I
also got this water bottle and I got
this from because gonna go and when heat
down when we dog I also got some books
and
I read this already and it's this is
such a nice book and reminds me of what
bad stories so yeah I also got girl in
line up to her and I'm very excited to
me this one too because you know I also
got a set of colored pens I love
collecting pens I don't know why it's
part of my wish list oh speaking of pens
I got more friends kind of funny for me
to ask for pens but you know it's my
it's my addiction so I got some gel pad
from Muji the quality of Muji pants is
amazing so I can't wait to write with
these I am also addicted to cute
notebooks so I got three notebooks got
one from Muji just plain white and
inside already
oh I already wrote so many ideas you
guys can probably see that because you
like are washing it away but anyways I'm
going to use this for planning my videos
so yeah I also got this cute notebook
and they're just like dividers and stuff
so yeah there's actually form art box
and our book sells the cutest things
I also got this patter from art box and
it's just this simple tanner and I want
to start using a planner just because
they want to be or
nice so I got this also got a cardigan
and it came through the box it's this
cardigan from Uniqlo this present is
actually an early Christmas gift my
parents decided to get me a MacBook Pro
this is a MacBook Pro 13 inch with
Retina display it has a keys on it
already and I have been using this for
editing so yeah so yeah thanks mom and
dad
so that is it for my Christmas haul I
hope you guys had a Merry Merry
Christmas and if you don't celebrate
Christmas then hope you had a nice day
and I'm super super thankful for
everything that I got make sure to give
this video a thumbs up and if you guys
haven't already make sure to subscribe
so I hope you guys have a nice day and
I'll see guys soon bye
