hey guys super hot and I'm wearing a
sweater okay I know I haven't been
uploading or I think it has been a month
which is bad it is because I've been
busy because of school and yes I think
every 2% that but that's true for
today's video I will be doing it what is
in my backpack
back-to-school edition because when I
did my moves in my backpack theme-park
Edition on any of you guys liked the
video so why not do a back-to-school
edition and this is a club with may see
if she is drawings my may see X on
Instagram I have known her for almost a
year now I think well I'll put the link
of her channel and video in the
description box so after you watch my
video go out here's Q will be also doing
it what is in my backpack and yeah I
think that it's so let's get started now
this herschel rucksack backpack and is
huge
well not that huge but has a lot of
space in it so that's good because I
carry a lot of stuff first thing that
you'll see in my backpack is this sketch
pads have one here I posted this on
Instagram and yeah I'm kind of proud of
myself since I'm super interested into
lettering or cutting copy or whatever I
bought this book and it's by Abby
si si sigh I don't know but this is just
the ABCs of hand lettering and you just
learn a lot from this book so we'll see
this in light backpack of course you
need to have a pencil case with you
because any pens pencils and erasers and
stuff like that so I just have this cape
played um pencil case and if you want to
see my back to school haul up putting of
it in the description box did I have my
student planner right here and I'm
covering this part because it says my
school name looks like pooped on it then
I also have my notebooks with me because
I like ticking down notes whenever the
crews discussing and you cannot go to
school without notebooks I also have
this extra notebook right here where I
put all my schedule I also write on
video ideas right here and I also have a
Bible because I need this for language
I also have a scientific calculator
right here and I'm covering this part
because this is my name so next thing in
here is my knife sexing kit and be
dissected um I think too so it's already
and tomorrow we will be dissecting
another one individually though that's
fun yeah this what a dissecting kit
looks like yeah comment down below if
you have dissected in code already yes I
have my wallet and this from
Stradivarius and this is not actually my
it's my sister's I just borrowed it if
you need money because you need to buy
food you know next I have this u.s.
lotion and sweetness because I love the
smell of mint and yeah it doesn't really
smell like the sweet mint lip balm it
smells kind of different this year I
also need to bring a hair bows my hair
gets crazy so I need this the last thing
in my backpack is this inhaler because I
get dizzy most of the time so yeah this
is how it looks like it won't focus
though so so that is it for this video
hope you guys liked it make sure it's
think of this video is thumbs up you
comment down below and I'll see you guys
next time oh wait wait wait don't leave
yet don't forget to go to Macy's channel
and watch your videos Oh
I
