hey guys sorry if you can hear my
electric fan it's just because it's
super hot but anyways for today's video
I'll be doing a back to school haul so
the first thing that I got is a backpack
it has things inside by the way so it's
that's why it's heavy I got this
Herschel backpack next I got some Corona
notebooks and I just got these new ones
oh it matches my shirt kind of I bought
like 12 of these or 13 I also got scotch
scissors and I actually have the same
one as my swings I love this because it
cuts very well so I also got a pencil
hand cool cakes okay and I also got this
case babe pencil case so thank you you
know Arlene every school year I need
whiteboard markers so I got three and
different colors I have one in black on
in blue and and one in red also I have
permanent markers in the same color and
I lost my black one I don't know where
it is I need to have a highlighter so I
got a Stabilo blue highlighter and every
school year I get the yellow one so I
want to do guest everyone so yeah for
pencils I got canta canta girl I got to
control pencils
it says the world's best pencil and it
actually is because I tried mongo and
fabric castle and I think this is a must
one I also got Vic Atlantis ball pens
and I got two packs of these and I got
two over there's a ball pen peeking out
oh so I got these two boxes off make
extra life no make around stick extra
life Vulcans I always have to have
correction tape so I got these um
where's the brand somebo Corrections
tapes and my siblings and I will share
on those pencils and pens and these
correction tapes I also got Elmer's glue
and I want to get the like liquid one
not oh not the glue stick because
glue stick doesn't really stake about
much so I got this next thing that I got
is a
mini stapler so I can put it in my
pencil case and with that I got stapler
wires and these are just basic staple
wires they're actually color staple
wires they're like pink blue brown
envelopes and I don't know what these
are for it just required so I also got
folders and I have one in pink or okay I
cannot hold these orange blue yellow
purple and green I always need to have
bought a purse like projects and stuff
like that these are also for portfolios
I guess I have these best buy colored
multi-purpose paper or construction
paper so smooth unlike other
construction paper in your soils and I
don't like those I also got a protractor
comm-pass fabric a stock color pencils
and a fabric Astle eraser and the last
thing that I got is so this thing that I
got and it's a lap down for science
obviously so that is it for this haul
this way if thumbs up and yes you guys
my next video bye
