hey guys so worth it so fort it there's
no parking I'll be doing the emoji tag
and this is created by 21 and I'm sorry
if my dog is working and yes I got a
haircut and it's my first time to cut
this is this short anyway it is a
collaboration with mascot I'll put the
link of her channel fao in the
description box so that's just get
started so the first emoji is pizza
because I love pizza but first fact I
used to eat pizza when I was like grade
3 but I started loving pizza because
whenever it's my classmates birthday
they will bring pizza to school so I
think that's when I look started loving
pizza I love Hawaii and cheese I hate
pepperoni because I don't like a taste
of pepperoni and whenever we order pizza
I eat like three to four slices which is
pretty bad I love chocolate
especially milk and white chocolate I
hate dark because it's too bitter for me
this is the likes emoji because I am
super slow when it comes to jokes but
whenever my friends tell a joke I
sometimes don't get it and I just laugh
along this is the next emoji because
believe it or not I haven't eaten a
hamburger cuz I don't you've read it but
if I will be given the chance to eat and
in an outrigger I will definitely try it
because they say that it's good so when
I give it a try the next emoji because I
love to travel but I hate riding on
airplanes because of the smell I don't
like the smell it makes me dizzy
ok mochi because I have a dog his name
is DJ but my family had a Siberian Husky
but sadly he died and his name is
trooper and this last emoji my sister's
I used to take ballet classes if you
don't like it anymore I guess
and I am NOT flexible so I think that's
it for this video don't forget to go to
masses channel and check her video you
guys should subscribe her because she
makes awesome videos and make
this video a thumbs up and subscribe for
more I'll see you guys in my next video
bye
