because I don't want wait is it
recording yeah hey guys so today I'm
going to be doing a Q&A because you guys
requested it and yep I got braces
yesterday and I'm not used to talk with
braces so I asked you guys to ask me
questions here on YouTube and you guys
actually sent a lot so only going to
answer some of them make sure to stay
until the end because there might be a
super super small giveaway so let's get
start it is not even that creepy but
when I was a believer um I searched a
justinian to be on YouTube I'll actually
a video the only thing that showed in
the video is a picture paper and then
after after how many seconds there is
this like creepy girl that appeared on
the screen and I I'm not obsessed with
unicorns so I gotta say because every
day I watch YouTube videos instead of
watching shows in a new television so I
would rather have the ability to fly
because I can go to London and see
Joseph and custard okay agent no okay I
know how to say so
okay I have this piano recital and it
was my first time and then it was my
turn to play the piano and then when I
was almost done I forgot a note and then
I go to the audience and at the same
time because they're not supposed to
look to the audience when you lose a
note or when you forget something okay I
was asked a lot if I have an Instagram
for my YouTube channel and now I will
have an Instagram for my youtube channel
many of you guys keep on telling me that
I should be my guide but sorry I
couldn't and I didn't put my mouth okay
now it's so funny giveaway I got you
guys stuff from cotton on it first thing
you'll be winning is this wallet and
intense love it goes here and neon pink
super and it is from cotton on and
inside it has three colors neon orange
neon pink and this color and last thing
you will be winning and I know the last
thing what and this made the giveaway
not that small because this might help
you when you have a channel because this
helps me a lot with my channel and
editing and one of you will be winning
this one and it's Final Cut Pro and I
got this for free and and guys's paper I
wrote um how you can get back up oh crap
thanks again my little for three because
I got my foot
and it's kind of good because Belka Pro
costs $300 wish it's not good but yeah
if you want to win those prizes these
are the room first rule is you have to
be subscribed to my channel and I will I
will be checking if you did because I
got a notification if guy subscribe to
me or I have a subscriber list a girl is
you have to share my channel all of your
social medias or one of your social
medias but if you share my channel to
all of your social medias like Facebook
Twitter and Instagram yeah you have the
better chance to win I'll be putting a
picture here and just screenshot it the
caption will we go subscribe to that
bellow on YouTube hashtag that's Bella
whitey and then the third rule is this
not even a rule but this is not
international I'm so sorry this only for
the people who live in the Philippines
fataroo and you should of asked your
parents permission because you will be
giving your address to me if you win and
the last rule is calm down below why you
want to win and comment your social
media user names because I will be
checking if you guys really posted the
picture and the captions I hope you guys
answer and good luck thank you guys for
watching this quick video make sure to
do to give this video a thumbs up and
don't forget to subscribe for more
videos and I'll see you guys in my next
video bye
