so you gotta have a blog dig over hey
that's right it's mala good morning
today is August 31 at 6:20 4 a.m. and I
have school today so that's why I'm
lucky because I haven't really done like
a school blog but guys I'll try my best
blogging school because you know I'm
sure I don't know a bother books to
school kind of blog I don't know is it
just me
I have like two artists of a kind so
yeah that's why I'm gonna leave the
house a bit late and you guys might be
wondering about why are you not wearing
your uniform that's because I'm doing
Friday I'll be uniform but I still don't
have my uniform so I still have to clean
it
yeah that's why not - oh-ho but anyway
there's actually my second time told me
this intro because I accidentally
deleted it
I mean my original intro thingy now so
yay so I'm just gonna do my school
makeup it's nothing special but you guys
on have been wanting to see my school
makeup routine but I don't think I'll
make like an in-depth video about that I
don't know let's see because I only put
like two products so I mean I put like
three products and
extra that days but today I'm just lazy
sorry I'm just curling my lashes and I
don't really put my cigar oh just
because I'm too lazy to take it off and
we if I put on mascara every day I have
to take it off and measure my head up
and then this is the last step so I use
it the bicycles medics lip and cheek
dent into shape to on dia use this one
but a ones are so far there so I'm stuck
with this and I don't really put a
foundation or concealer on okay just
because I don't know I'm just going to
school and I just do happy for me
there's not a squid on the mug and by
the way long gummy mouth senior hi my
voices I mean my senior hype I didn't
look makeup it'll run alone natural
makeup them my brain is not processing
question i'll jin yuanbao vinegar so
yeah that's basically it for my makeup I
know it's super simple and never powder
down upon oily novel cuz I get oily
throughout the day and that's a promise
we do anything for my brows but
sometimes I like to put brow gel but you
know so yeah I'm just gonna put on my
shoes and I'll see you guys later
okay so I'm in the car you guys so yeah
that's my life because I
I'm will Hannah
this one's alarming cantil-sakauye
nominal bunch at an early lunch
really nominee to not having any java in
Monaca lunch in our line it's a pretty
minimal minimal conflated so guys for
welcoming a young baby
I know they not fight anymore yes
the crisis really got so so high a good
cinema kapahala you think so guys shaken
up but I mean and Dominic Oh picture
it's an onion by definition he ones you
know Vanessa clueless so I got one cuts
ooh-ee
hey guys so far the tupinamb√° hi it's 12
p.m. and I'm just gonna take a bath but
a fresh nominal home and I'm gonna get
my makeup done also my hair I think by
the way I haven't told you guys got a
new event up open things so I'll be
going to the bench Fashion Week it's
like a fashion show so yeah I'm just
gonna take a bath and I'll just see you
guys later
hey guys I am back at my own hair and
makeup boy and it's currently 209 p.m.
okay so I can't use the mirror right now
just because my room is super messy so I
mean what's new so I'm just wearing this
long-sleeve ha that's my job I'm
turtleneck shot and I'm wearing jeans
and sneakers
guys it is 953 p.m. and then I gotta
make up go but I still have my makeup
pick up a shelf in a southern girl but
anyway I think I'm gonna end the vlog
here I mean for this day I don't I don't
know if I'm gonna combine the vlog today
a new vlog tomorrow because I do have
two events tomorrow
and I'm gonna end the vlog right now
just because I have to practice for my
thought tomorrow because I haven't
practiced yet like more now no
presentations but so yeah I'm gonna do
that now so I'll see you guys tomorrow
okay that's you're a nice fella
good morning today is September 1 it's
already September gonna be very much now
guys it is 11:14 a.m. and I have an
event today on base can tell I'm all
glammed up so the first event is for a
while way so I'll be having a vlogging a
workshop and then later tonight um it's
day 2 of bench Fashion Week so I'll take
you guys along with me
throw it here at the garden because it's
early interview because we haven't had
luck yet and I'm super unreal
this is so weird I have four big posters
of my zone
every club is now a dud
and it is work for EDM and a change out
the novel Court bench back to me so they
do
kind of early so I think we're just
gonna kill Diana
and this room around
we're already near the bench tower with
the hind 100 figures I'm starting back
away so mama got spaghetti but anyway I
bought coke and trays because I always
get honey you need to be able to gain a
bad job as amazing
okay the coma and we just said it
but anyway we're now after this and then
one day
just got home time check it is 913 p.m.
and I'm just an end the vlog here I'm
gonna get ready for bed now and because
I'm super tired so yeah this is
basically in my life as a student slash
youtuber I hope you guys liked it if you
did make sure to give it a big thumbs up
and make sure to subscribe to be part of
the hashtag bellossom
and to get notified whenever I upload a
new video I'll see you guys in my next
one
and don't forget here that vol amazing
bye
