hey that's right it's Bella Bella I am
filming with my IV today or the DIA and
they're both barefaced right now because
we have been wanting to try out
Maybelline's new fit me powder
foundation so um a wooden actually sent
me all of the shades actually wound up
having I'm gonna hand the shade like
choose the shape for you yeah hey
Stephen you know many differences on
skin damage I would like more of them
all right now sighs no I know si Senor
shade beginnig a Vietnam in the
foundation huh but it was about here
yeah cuz I would have put up our bag of
foundation value shade because because
they like on the compound and in Japan
Canada you can go home but anyways I
think this is your shade 223 penny is
your she's known fit me foundation ago
but it's too late for me already so I
have to look for mine oh yeah he's
watching us in the game indeed the
barometric move on because I
all right pinnacle talking to 30
naturally it's darker one shade darker
so I'm just gonna use this powder but
I'm gonna guide here so fuck my makeup
because you know she's not yet
while we're going up we'll go check okay
so first primary winner with skincare
not again wait don't a skincare
inanimate Asador so the moisturizer mama
because my skin has been super dry
such inks yeah this is the Maybelline
for Eurasia okay
- your problem areas I'm just putting
that on my cheeks cause it don't tell me
my pores open large pores
okay wait we forgot our Hanson next step
is foundation are they said why are
going to be not so much since can't go
but since I don't have any other shape
yeah you put it here actually you guys
know that we will be make up 7-eleven
but I'm gonna challenge I'm Tommy go
another watching oh pardon me can you
get it share with me cuz I own and I am
i shopping all them up bother me
there's no rules Sumiko I'm just
studying that all over my face okay so
my study actually put my smock with a
foundation is a misdirecting foundation
because you can always in all these
darken up are like bronze your face with
contour bronzer I'm still using I think
is Machado know like natural-looking I
mean he usually goes for like sheer
coverage or naturally
see it matches your skin tone you to
tell you next is concealer really good
with the veil
I know mine compared to yours okay so
I'm gonna use the Maybelline instant age
rewind concealer and your created medium
I'm also gonna cover my patients you
don't even have anything so every you
use your finger yeah you can
I'm just gonna use a brush love me
Addison my first time to do this
oh yeah that's it this was a challenge
okay now it will be done he needs that
man which is powder so um we're gonna
put it on one side minute I'm right
right
when I compare nothing goin on
difference you can but I can also use a
brush a comb Oh got it now I want it on
get it under okay so I'm gonna get some
powder and put that on one side never
know one difference by making much
yeah yeah look at that this site is your
own manana powder my second match
imperative it's a also here's they also
fire on the GIMP or less yo look Mia
it's like flawless looking and by the
way this also has SPF SPF person it has
SPF 30 to PA plus cos you know which is
very important for the thinks of
skincare cuz yeah absolutely I know my
own but um sometimes I regret not
putting on sunblock
sometimes I do sometimes parish houses
and consistent shelling well again
that's why her skin is so as a madam I
know I shall apnea you on and like me
that's why she doesn't have like sun
spots do I
for even cousin acaba got enough skin
coming over a sunscreen and I also like
how it's like we knew each other when
because ever seen do you guys ever shot
in a cake cake so good robust not must
not on the topic I'm not that guy but
novice naoms natural oils in the skin
yeah it has a smooth on product
application which is good cuz it you mom
Maybelline products are perfect for
beginners guys to see I think I'm
beginning i'm een I'm not an expert I'm
so like a big in there but it's super
easy to use
okay so that was nice of base Nam and
now we're just gonna go on with our
normal it comes you do ii wanna kill a
delay can I get you so
by the way I'm using the Maybelline
fashion okay so um like this video in
your life stressful because progress in
this as of this week Adame call it a
technomage is also it's a Medina
so super super Peeta it's not I'm so
sorry for the audio all of your house
call it starting the wind
a woman or child better than that one
shade so I guess you super simple my
makeup I own a patent wait oh yeah I
don't know my money is out there in case
what I love about your life is my lashes
so this is okay next is to bronze our
face or contour because my cheeks nigga
okay so for contour
we'll be using this be please do o
powder long has a highlighter but we're
going to use a different highlight so I
come on Ahmad is taking this shade
so you guys do foundationally Ganesha
next who for blush and let me be the
Nelson and Nana blush from the fitna
lane we actually sent me one too before
they sent me um for blushes from the pit
mean I chose you put the real chance Nia
where 50 30 40 and 50
okay so we're gonna use your nose it's
too bright the DL is your skincare
routine by the skin color combination
oh yeah but listen of inconvenience
better idea where I'm I think I'm more
happy yeah you're more acne from Kinder
Surprise on acne oh you're so perfect a
little tone make me fit me powder by
right there I'm using the master chrome
in the shade lipstick okay well I'm on
it
come on please lipstick from evil energy
is in the shade play crush this okay
this is our look so what can you say
about the Maybelline fit me body it's
very lightweight and like for a beginner
for me it's one of us as I said a while
ago my SPF 30 to PA plus plus and so you
don't really have to apply sunscreen
before you do your makeup and I like how
I'm for this okay you face now and Matt
yes but not super magnet super fighter
flattening face now in my possession of
inshallah it's perfect for everyday yeah
you can also use this alone because I
don't know I don't know much about your
foundation so you don't really have to
put foundation like what we did earlier
so you guys can get this and your
favorite moving products at the COPE
it's one-stop shopping destination
lazada comic eh
and if you guys want to get your own
50-pounder foundation you guys can go to
your favorite maybe counters and get
this for only 349 that's us
follow maybe Philippines on their
Facebook account and link
if you're in your third channel don't
forget to subscribe to be part of the
hashtag Belfast iPad games like this
video make sure to give it a big thumbs
up and make sure to subscribe like what
she said that we want to see you mark
for me want to see more about to the
arrow like this video comment down below
and I'll see you guys in our next video
and don't forget
