hey that's right it's Bella for today's
video it's gonna be another haul I hope
you guys are not yet tired of balls
hopefully I mean I know how much you
guys know how so you know back at it so
this video is going to be a combination
of my Hong Kong haul and Europe all
because if you guys did not know I went
to Hong Kong like a week ago and I was
there for like three days I think yeah
three days tapas we had super limited or
minimal time for a mug shot because I
was there for Ocean Park so of course
full use schedule nom is like you come
in a stir Ocean Park but you know that
didn't stop us from shopping I said us
because I was with mr. Yin so Perez
commercial shopping guide a la Papa God
we still took time to go through the
mall kind of exhausted I know sure guys
kite is some originality today para
workshop Kovac so yeah Danny Danny
coming up shop this is actually the part
two of my Hong Kong haul because I did a
mini Hong Kong haul sorry Santa Blanca
so you guys have it watched that the
link will be down below and as I said a
while ago
I will also be having a Europe haul for
this video and nope I couldn't go to
Europe sadly so the reason why I have a
you know Paula is because my mom and dad
went to Europe for a business trip so
that is why like this I don't wanna mug
popular animal government but before I
get started I just want to put it out
there that I'm not trying to brag in any
way shape or form
I just know that you guys really love
hauls and I just wanna let you guys know
that yes I did pay for everything that I
bought with my YouTube money or
YouTube's Wado and I just want to take
this time to thank you guys because I
wouldn't be able to earn it about them
without you guys so thank you guys so so
so much but anyway if you're new to my
channel hi my name is Bella I'm a 16
year old filipino youtuber makes beauty
and lifestyle videos so make sure to
subscribe to you part of the hashtag
Bella fat so without further ado let's
just get
okay so let's start off with my Hong
Kong home first so guys I saw a huge
Victoria's Secret store and I wasn't
even planning on buying like Baba who
are like body mists like when I went to
Hong Kong my only goal was to buy shoes
a pair of shoes but you know I can't
resist because guys naughty Posada
domineering some up above our body mists
like I really connect but he didn't a
girl asked you collection coffee
cosmetic Oh cylinder who was actually
last Dana home comfort of in LA and
these are body mists from pink or
Victoria's Secret Pink so I got these
two body mists and actually I'm gonna
need the Nestle stock because the guys
that put us on set you we will even tell
again that come in here but he couldn't
allow combine a team delawanna and the
binnacle
but anyway so this is the warm and cozy
vanilla and sunburst passion from the
body mists I love how it smells
if you like I'm gonna come to school at
the moment and I decided no body mist
allowing for every day come because
before perfume Telugu yo pin on every
day come like Papa more that's why I'm a
Buddhist removers and I'm behind no more
perfume so that's why I decided to get a
body mist instead of a perfume I only
got one perfume from Hong Kong which is
in my mini Hong Kong wall but anyway
this is the cute cactus pomelo sorbet
and Magnolia and kind of smells like air
freshener
I'm treating looking for your envoy
Kisei I'm done because Padres tobacco
like Hollow holiday on a boy or your
palm Waco so I'd really expect that it
would smell like this and I'm a ball of
intention guys but I just prefer this
more and guys can we talk about the
packaging supergun does
it's aesthetically pleasing now let's
move on to the makeup products the like
God and guys these are from 3te
and I have been one thing to get my
hands on these because recently I've
been using water tins from a toothed
house and of you guys know how water
tense it on your lips or like set on
your lips add raineesha even if I like
that the gun like it settles on your in
your lip you guys know what I mean and
mention is the lips and you guys know me
my lips are always always right no
matter what happens no matter what I do
to my lips okay gotta wash a little
moisturizer with that in it still goes
back to its natural dryness know what
though I decided to get these three seee
style and a velvet lip tints and I
really loved the berry berry lip dance
your velvet lip tints but since we
lighten up on on know what's gonna sell
out I decided to go to 3 C II and I
didn't even know another alpha DC even
some Times Square in Hong Kong after
having my dinner I just saw this sign of
three C II and I was like I need I need
to go in there so no second date on Hong
Kong we decided to go to three C or the
Times Square
you know no man I dropped it so on the
second day we decided to go to Times
Square Hong Kong and that's when I
bought these two so I was actually
supposed to buy the Sun Shade love you
go you're right but when i swatched it I
was like parmesan - aunt orange for my
lips or for my liking because I like
pink or red lip tints more these are the
shades that I got so this one is in the
shade no better I'm trying to cope with
the nose or sword or no you got me
it's a pedantic America banana colossal
as a managing but anyway this is how it
looks like and guys velvet didn't you
packaging now which feels so nice okay
so let's watch it so this is no better
this is actually quite similar to this
so this is under shade twin rows deep
against all guns in a packaging and
ramoray byproducts know who I did know
was a family because I mean cute stuff
so let's watch this so if you measure on
muted machine this can seem a spiral
dark though and what I love about velvet
Lipton's is that additional item dips
but I think you're gonna have a hard
time fug super super gentle lips mom
because yesterday yeah yesterday I was
in school and super in the dry now
lipstick oh I don't know why when I try
to apply this all over my lip varnish
and not the love booty to say they're
difficult because it's super dry I don't
know I think it's just my lips but this
works best for each eye lips cuz I think
I emphasize your lines now lips more you
packet I know lips more now let's move
on to the clothing that I got and
normally I wouldn't really buy clothing
that much and guy is fun fast when I
went to Times Square as in three see
enough Telugu you're kind of cool but
guys when I was about to go to CDC
evesham plate anything and quit most or
some Tabitha bit and I saw basing it
like guys nonviolent I got three see
here and by the way guys I only had one
hour to shop the Times Square because
because I said and done I've shot so
Michael Millikin l3c I immediately went
to pay thing a guy's neck Magdalena for
us in China Conan Cigna Italia also
Angelo quando gusta Neela oh and by the
way if you guys don't know what meeting
it is it's basically street wear and I
was also looking for a chat
I'm actually after Times Square under
Michael point though actually of after
Times Square after now in mock shopping
done we were supposed to go to one cup
for champion he spent like almost an
hour to the corner taxi pero you know
we failed Tommy's honest I knew your mom
easy to cook from beef so I got two
shirts actually I said you go hi Angelo
but this is the first shirt that I got
there is just um stripes at hazard bean
and white stripe stops it has the logo
right here and this is if you guys are
wondering is this in this size medium
and it's kind of a big for me I mean
actually probably much sugar coming be
the neon pseudo Predacon elantra it died
or it snuck in and here's the neckline
it also has the logo and the next shirt
that I got actually to go to the
thousand girls of plastic partial ziploc
place I was actually debating whether to
get a black one or in this color
but I realized Laguna humming black now
you know me or novel in among black
shirts so that's why I decided to go for
this color la popa pink and of kool-aid
in the myth but anyway this is in the
size small since try comedy Tony add
this so I don't think Angelo will be
able to wear this because I mean it's
still big oh I just realized oh my god
guys I got the wrong size no no I
thought oh come on I mean your size new
well we have to deal with it I mean
you're my buddy nama street wearing a
towel on it so I think that would be a
problem anyway yes get along didn't you
design yeah but it doesn't have stripes
it's just plain now let's move on to the
jacket that I got actually open up a
bill in the at the sweater but I said
open Java Tanaka mica said put on put
all my sweater Mohammad Javad so that's
why I decided to get this so here at the
side just has logo also here and same
goes to the other side and guys I swear
super comfy Nia I wore this on no
pubblic now on the dosa Philippines
because I was very short and you know
Superman a mix Airport so I decided to
wear this and it's kind of oversized
pajama location
it's okay and getting along superb
because no tellin ya or you material so
much and a half at my shop so attendee
doesn't Philippines because you know
it's super hot but you know whatever
you're in school or some mall or Sur
airport or goes I'm gonna mother Meg I
can always wear this and again sure come
with you Tony out there and actually
gosh your top by Angelo now let's move
on to of my Europe all I only got one
pair of shoes from Europe and it is a
pair of CDG or a comme des Garcons it's
a collaboration with converse and you
guys might be wondering Bella I thought
you already have one super super worn up
and yeah guys look at the difference you
guys know how much I love these shoes
also at Alinea and we just decided to
get a new one because guys look it's so
funny look at the new one look at the
old one and guys guys amazing I mean so
super do me but in so yeah I just
decided to get a new one but basically
this has a heart right here same goes to
the other pair and if you guys are
wondering I'm in the sides okay so but
some men's six our fourth episode
women's eight and I know she'll UK six
so yeah I got this okay as you guys all
know fanny packs have been a trend
lately and I never imagined myself
wearing one because I don't think it
suits me but guys when I went to Japan
to Kawena know NASA Airport come in I
mean we usually don't shop some on an
airport I don't know why anyway that
were window shopping on Tariq khamisa
Airport and no time to join that we went
to Gucci and I really had no plans on
buying anything and to be honest before
we're not gonna go home by locking the
woman in Omaha
like design your brand's for myself like
Mohammed I love the like a open universe
and go but when I went inside Gucci I
saw this fanny pack and I was kind of
intrigued to try it on because I really
loved how the back looks and I didn't
really imagine
how a fanny pack was look on me so you
know thing that I coach a anguish um so
within and I fell in love with it
baggage - Sam - never and a some so ways
but but noggin doll I don't think it
since me
so with no timeline I was supposed to
get it or Eid but sadly they didn't have
it in stock or like a new stock and when
I looked at the display my Jemima gasps
gasps nauseous Oh sighing oh man if I'll
buy that so I just waited for my mom and
dad to go to Europe and just put it on
you well they're they're goods so that's
a plus probably on on Gucci fanny pack
and I'm super happy for this bridges
guys this is how it looks like
so it has the Gucci logo over here thus
men shout I'm cold hardware not only a
value but noggin and salmon and actually
this has a bigger version but I decided
to go for the smaller one because I
found out super now I know it's a
Sathyan because enough that you my
laughing over Sean no not such a fan
commits to no you're not like oh and it
has enough space normal for my phone
also some of my other essentials so
probably I'll use this fanny pack and
every container in that then he'll go so
yeah I was super happy that I finally
got this speaking of body bags I also
got two more fanny packs actually on
these are mainly Angelo's but you know
unisex I'm unsure so it's okay
the Leigh and I could also use these so
this one is from fella and actually
known as Hong Kong I mean we're in the
number 19 on sale in the stores but they
never had on fanny packs so I'm super
happy that my on campus a Europe so it
basically has two pockets one big
compartment elsewhere in the shop pocket
right here looks small compared to the
champion one but why not jump on it but
guys it has a lot of space and it has a
clips a strap and you can actually
adjust it and guy is actually buggy to
sign it but Naha and oh but now I wrap
around
we can try on one but yeah this is from
Bella and this one is from champion and
measurement is our main ally and also I
think miss about Bogota Maya Angelou but
anyway it has this champion logo over it
here and it has two pockets oh then what
is better for Thomas Menino space little
there oh it has three pockets okay so
those are all of the fanny pack of ten
packs those are all the fat in fact when
I got and I actually have two more bags
to show you guys and both are from Gucci
as well but these are just the same bags
but in different colors so this is how
it looks like so this is the black one
the other one is color yet which I'll be
showing you guys later on as well there
it has the signature good cheap crayons
and it says Harry Gucci the super
there's not no space nigga as well I
don't know Pelican shop if every on
continent elegant as I hid more like
your phone or money you know like a
Madonna gave us a Hanyu woman did put a
little knot going on our cards I don't
know if you guys can see that but there
you go
and it also has a zipper right here
there I actually have a bag similar to
this it's from Kate Spade gentle on the
new size Mia and come in the committee
Owen if ever on Google and I'm off with
friends okay wait let me show you guys
the red one and I decided to get the red
one because what about all ends in the
bag full of black even bagging a man
just because McGarry Sean Callahan
okay so this is how the red one looks
like and Metro by Rancho Sahara but in
real life it's like this mutant red guys
this bag would be perfect by super play
no object move but you want a pop of
color so yeah that is it for this video
if you guys liked it make sure to give
it a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag bail
fam and to get them fight whenever I put
a new video I'll see you guys in my next
one and don't forget your that's amazing
