hey that's right it's Bella so for
today's video I'll be testing out one of
the highly raved liquid foundations
which is the maybelline superstay liquid
foundation and at the moment I don't
really own any foundation of perfect
skin tone call because I didn't get a
little bit darker so time on that one
because Maybelline sent me all the
shades plus I don't really own any full
coverage foundation so Maybelline sent
me on this press kit so it says hashtag
super sleigh all day and guys actually
they've been our top selling drugs their
foundations u.s.a and when you open it
it comes with all the shades so it has
natural ivory a classic ivory warm nude
both beige natural beige and sun beige
so let me pick my shade but I'm not
really sure so I'm gonna pick two so I
picked the Sun beige and natural beige
the natural beige is 220 and Sun beige
is 310 and I'm sorry if the lighting
keeps on changing I cannot control the
Sun but before I get started don't
forget to follow me on my social media
accounts the links will be down below
and of course don't forget to subscribe
to be part of the hashtag belt on and to
get notified whenever I upload a new
video okay so without further ado let's
just get started
as you can tell I don't really have
anything on my face I only put lip balm
and I already did my skincare routine so
make sure to do that before you do your
makeup okay so as I said a while ago I
picked two shades I feel like this will
match better but let's watch it on my
hand first
okay so before that let's talk about the
packaging so it really looks like the
fit me um a good foundation packaging
but this one it has a white cap comes
for insulin glass and when you open it
whoa what's happening oh it comes with a
pump I didn't know that kappa latina the
Gorgon capella y'all so excited because
they've come to the phone but anyway
this is 220 natural beige so that's one
fun and let's try to swatch it on but
let's try this this is Sun beige and
that's what
I don't know what to choose I think I
want to try this one the darker one it's
in the shade Sun beige okay let me get a
pick up okay guys let's try more than a
sump pump and gotten eaten because I
feel like if I pump too much vinegar was
a sign new product because this is a
full coverage foundation but I don't
really know how cool coverage this is so
I'll be using a brush today because I
don't really own a beauty blender at the
moment or ever but I don't know I feel
like I should buy a beauty blender but
for now I'm just gonna stick with my
kabuki brush okay so I'll bump it on my
brush like how other beauty gurus do it
there that's one pump okay so I'm just
gonna put it on one side of my face so
that you guys can see on your effect no
foundation okay so I'm just distributing
the Prada
look at the difference and even covered
my undereyes also the discolorations on
my eyelid so it can be used as a
concealer to guys itself upon the pants
in hindi esha have visa feeling it's
lightweight basically and it's so good
because it's a full coverage foundation
but it's not heavy space okay so I'm
just gonna put the foundation all over
my face and guys it's crazy how a single
pump can cover your who is that is it
for my foundation and I'm quite
impressed because it covers my veins
over here and then it's also covered my
um hyperpigmentation so eyelids also so
dark under eyes and of course also my
blemishes because I do have acne scars
but for this look I won't put any cops
either on be proud of me because
concealer is one of my must-haves when
it comes to makeup and that is because
of my hyperpigmentation now it is time
to set my whole face using the
Maybelline fit me powder foundation but
I'm only gonna use it as a powder to set
my face now that is done I'll be moving
my brows so I'll be using the fashioned
brow by Maybelline and a shade dark
brown I think you guys have seen me do
this countless of times so I'm just
gonna fast forward now I decide for
eyeshadow but again I won't
crazy as usual so this is being able in
total temptation eyeshadow palette so
this is how it looks like so I'll be
using this site only okay so the look
that I'm going for today is kind of on
the peachy side okay so I'm just gonna
put this all over my lid okay so after
that I'll be taking a blending brush and
I'll be taking this shade and I'm just
going to put that on my crease now I'm
going on with this hyper tight liner
from Maybelline
okay so eyeliner is done that now I just
time to curl my lashes okay so for
mascara i'll be using this total
temptation waterproof mascara i haven't
tried this before wow I like the
packaging
one tip I can give to you guys is after
you put on my stereo you're late again
because I don't know I don't know that's
what I always do or because I want them
to be really curled okay so the next
thing that I'll be doing is to contour
or to bronze my face using the V phase
duo powder so I'm just gonna take my
angled brush and use this shade and I
don't really like contouring my nose but
if ever I do I only um squeeze my angled
brush and just brush through my nose
I'd already defined it that much next up
is blush so I'll be using the Maybelline
fit me blush and shade no good this
blush kind of has a nice Sheen to it it
gives me like this natural glow and
sometimes I also like to put it on my
nose on my nose bridge okay so the last
step is to put on my lipstick but I
won't really put on highlighter because
again my blush already has a sheen to it
okay so let's use my favorite shade
which is clay crush with this matches
the eyes and yeah that is it for this
look
now it is time for my overall thoughts
about this maybelline superstay liquid
foundation and guys I genuinely love
this because I mean if you guys don't
know me I always start to reach for
foundation um natural or medium coverage
but I still have this foundation
nonetheless because guys I didn't have
to put on concealer which is a huge
thing for me you guys must be not the
Linnaean you PI go out and I'm basically
no I just put primer and foundation and
powder and that's it my skin looks so
flawless and guys I've heard that this
is long lasting so this is perfect if
you're going to infants or pardis stuff
like that so guys get this and your
favorite Maybelline products and the
Philippines one-stop shopping
destination lazada dot-com th and guys
by the way this is only for 499 pencils
and yeah if you guys like this video
make sure to give it a big thumbs up and
make sure to subscribe to be part of the
hashtag Bella fam and together to fight
whenever I upload a new video I'll see
you guys in my next one and don't forget
your that's ball amazing
you
