hey that's right it's Bella as you guys
can tell from my set up or the title
I'll be doing a reaction video which I
actually haven't done before so time on
table because Coke Studio Philippines
just recently uploaded a new episode so
that is the video that I'll be reacting
to today so if you're new to my channel
hi my name is Bella I'm a 16 year old
Philippine a youtuber makes beauty and
lifestyle videos so make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Belfast okay so without further ado
let's just get started okay so I have my
laptop right here and I haven't watched
the video yet so new sounds this is
eight seasons you coming because I want
to go there at the story of appeals all
too loud it's all about I'm so excited
better yet you guys did not know I
really look bad in bed at night like
recently I had a sleepover with my
friend stop stop it up a little canola
given and bill
grabby that's how would I love better
men okay let's go back to the video
actually other than this ukulele on the
news for you melon
because of these played or the concerts
and a cesspool Melman and I didn't
really know their songs I only knew
cotton ISA and then I was invited to a
prom with my friend house not played in
salad on and oh my god I'm in love Oh
next the sound box of shower and I know
this song now it's time for these guys
to get to work better than I did
what's the fans one-man job or eco
around me what's the rest of the week
yeah
I need my man thank God so the fan
request was to have us exchange our
songs that is the feel that
yes I really like by day maybe tonight
maybe people night oh my god it's one of
my favorite songs I'm gonna invent I
love cotton you sip I love this table
you know I do the night basically
everybody know so I go you must or the
win on canyon cover we talked about how
we could create so there there
so they're going to one good and getting
goosebumps may see it singing softly
this is just a video basically me just
jamming
oh my god I love the oh we put that
spits it out but I think some
incorporated that like Anais Nin of
types of music and that's what I said a
while ago but smoking too soon be
because the lower channel maybe the
night to grab the cha fire chill but I
also like this birthday we
oh my gosh I love this rerun
but homecoming for Sam and Ben and Ben
means honoring their family Oh Miriam
Cannella de Haan Ben button again and
Familia and a penny Anila it's a
homecoming to family sir good one I'd
say this is the home where the Ben and
Ben family came to be here in their crib
it's awesome our most requested songs
not Ben and Ben I may be the night like
in a wine uncover any Sam so this love
original the benevento me you initially
started as the duo with the Benjamins
with brothers Paulo & Miguel Benjamin
the fam grew to a nine-member lineup
creating their makeshift vanity Carolyn
I mean Sheila individually some geeks
know when I decided come in alabaster
music through our EP get a big let me
Scylla is a comp ready said oh boy
and I'm sorry anything he has his family
to thank for his love for music music
kind of writes in music yeah that's it
uh basically in play like how do you get
this always kind of a go support us so I
can isn't any man I know in my mind and
in my heart that when I go home I
sentimental music and that's where I
feel the most at home and I learned that
the comfort of my family now that
they've gotten to know Sam much better
than expected benefit area and then
under cover up that need to show me
embracing yoga so Brown oppression
Argentina
no man can do it so I'm gonna do it
better embrace 2013 so we're soul
back in the Coke Studio with fresh
insights from their homecoming Sam and
Ben and Ben starts right away on their
song collaboration with a man we
collaborated on a song they brought me
to their their home it's variants like
to see group of young people love music
and have found themselves that's true I
really love how they became a family
just because they do what they love or
what they are passionate about all
together and from there they work
together to achieve their dreams
which is so cool like what Ben and Ben
and Sam said in a video it's just all
about coming home to the people are
things you love or truly care about and
always remember that the core and
everything that you do is your family
and that's what we call home
okay so wait let's go back to the video
I'm saying okay buddy
yeah same button I really hope you put
the head when they said hey you know
been in been there just how close are
they gonna get some of them coke don't
think I know anything about compassion
so yeah
Mandalay I must say I am looking process
I mean they're very skilled in its
operating you love them and you will
dissolve and they're trying to finish
articles on speaks about coming home
come on I'm Cory I mean yes boys cook
studio original song here's samples of
son and I really love how they like
Salmonella would John Ruan genre it's
our song because you know they have Sam
has a girlfriend like jammin around on
Sonya also open it better never thought
that be able to come out like Thank You
Cole studio
you love thereby oh my god
but why everyone is so funny I was
you can't wait for the next episode
though so guys I've done reacting to the
video super end of my Ilona host last
seen a super talented like how like they
were able to put their own twist or
style to the song and also on Pinnacle
Bank deny your pyro and John your
styling as it sounds so like they
collaborated against just saw a while
ago oh my gosh I'm getting Tanaka and
your original song the lamb bollock
malik and it basically just tells us
that whatever feels like home to us we
should never forget to go back to MIT or
your buddy buddy cannot in because guys
it what that i got bugs something or
someone feels like home and that's
what's truly important I don't know what
you guys but I really loved this episode
so I encourage you guys to watch it as
well on the to do PhD to channel
and of course don't forget to subscribe
to them and after watching that episode
don't forget to share your thoughts with
the hashtag cooks to do some expanded
them so that is it for this video if you
guys liked it make sure to give it a big
thumbs up and make sure to subscribe to
be part of the hash tag Bella fam and
together we fight whenever I upload a
new video I'll see you guys in my next
one
and don't forget you
like a movie
I say Huckabee
