hey that's right it's Bella guys it has
been a long time since I've done a
sit-down video because to be honest I've
been super busy for the past few days or
weeks just because you know school and
you do it's super hard to balance I mean
it gets harder and harder but I'm trying
my best to post of vlogs or videos for
you guys but anyway for today's video
I'll be unboxing or opening some PR
packages so these are basically products
that brands sent me to try or to have
but first allow me to thank every brand
that I'll be mentioning in this video
for being so thoughtful so thank you so
much okay before I get started I just
want to let you guys know that I'll be
having a giveaway by the end of this
video so stay till then okay so without
further ado let's just get started
okay so let's start off in the way and
if they did not know I'm not gonna on a
workshop last last week I think so it's
called no back at me so basically I did
a workshop about vlogging using their
new while we know what three or three I
those are two different phones but they
sent me there while we know both three
so this is how it looks like when I
chose the box
so guys it has an iris purple color wait
only think of the keys so there this is
how the phone looks like the bong ganda
pareshan graded or ombre you guys want
to know how to vlog using this phone I
have a video all about that the link
will be down below or Sicard lethal
without you go I'm not sure okay so when
you open it it looks like this so it
comes with the phone of course and then
it also comes with earphones and of
course a charger but NASA of jewelry
kosher oh yeah this also comes with a
case this one and then in this paper bag
I also got this half learn to be the
speaker after oh I think I gave it to
her at the media because she needs it
for the dorm
anyway so this is how it looks like it
just says while we know what three I
guys aside for the phone this is one of
the best part
so guys wow he sent me three photos of
James Reid I mean so I got two of the
same picture this is how it looks like
this is the other one so thank you so
much my way next is from globe so he
sent me this is the globe at home pitot
Wi-Fi and this is super helpful because
Hondo alarming Wi-Fi can just bring this
there and then
man so that we can have internet because
you know get a little bit a wife I know
it is so it says here free ten gigabytes
valid for seven days support 1999 pesos
only so let's unbox it I don't like
giving : and they chew it in here okay
so this is how it looks like okay see it
you guys can just plug it in top of
Snowden Ilana and then you are good to
go thank you so much globe next up we
have fibers let's go through this paper
bag first and converse collaborated with
Hello Kitty and to be honest I was a
huge fan of Hello Kitty back then like I
was obsessed so on I was dirty
see this so this is how it looks like I
think my guys if you're a Hello Kitty
lover you would love this so these are
just black converse that was my mouth
I'm Hello Kitty prints all over it this
Merrigan shell I'm hoping cannot lease
so yeah if you guys are wondering my
size is 8 some women's and guys it says
your say hello to me when you see me
okay so that is it for the shoes now let
us move on to this type of favorite bag
so these are clothing so let's start off
with this one so this is a shirt
oh it's medium so I think it's kind of
big for me but I can always buy a nod
you guys know me has this um Hello Kitty
logo and it says converse and at the
back it says Hello Kitty as lastly
Congress sent me this hoodie I think
this is basically it has the Hello Kitty
bow or your bun it's a hood and it says
your Hello Kitty and then the converse
logo so thank you so much farmers next
up we have picnic so I only received one
product from them so this is the Fitbit
Alta H R if you love to work out then
this is gonna
your best friend because this mushrooms
here exercise so it's automatically
tracked through on sports and other
workouts
it also summarizes your exercise and the
app and it also says here that it tracks
your heart rate okay so this is how my
fitbit looks like
so I here really love the color it's
coral you guys you guys know me I really
love like pastel or light colors but
this is kind of jnana but it's not like
neon you know okay so let's try to wear
it grab you guys I should totally go
back something work out was it Donatella
gamma I think one week consistent always
suffered we regard better never holidays
you moment don't go I think you guys are
so cute thank you so much fit this okay
next up we have salsa and I actually did
a video all about this basically I had a
foot trip with my friends and i used
this shampoo but if you guys want to see
that the link will be down below but
anyway they sent me this Sunsilk kit so
it comes with this shampoo of course so
this is the Sun cellco creations smooth
and manageable shampoo and guys actually
witness yeah you know that just explains
how much I love this shampoo a synthetic
opa-locka Tokina Gombe okay it says
number one best-selling shampoo variant
in the philippines i use this shampoo
every single day I actually get
compliments as well um thank you for
asking
a new shampoo more but the bottom of all
this is the answer you guys okay so
moving on the next thing in here is this
pouch that says extra ready for anything
so that's and they also sent me two
pairs of earrings which you guys do not
know I
love earrings I think this is my
favorite accessory besides um necklaces
or rings I don't really wear rings cuz
you know ash thankless model Samia loves
wearing necklaces but for me I love very
rings okay so I thank you toggle
earrings okay so the last thing in this
kids are some fake flowers this kit
actually came with the real flowers but
thank you so much stem cells okay so the
next brand is me green and guy is super
diamond up in ademma seven okay billions
so it is gonna take a while
actually oh it's not packaged super love
a so I don't think it can fit the screen
but okay so I had to carry this quantity
to support oh so I have to take the
stairs and carry this huge box okay so
let's try to open it oh yeah so as you
guys gonna see you man one in six people
so there are 16 lipsticks this actually
came with a balloon a my helium so when
you open it that I'm suma doing but you
know and inside there are three mini
paper bags of filled with lipsticks so
I'll be giving one paper bag away later
on okay so that is it for the first
package then Maybelline send me their
intimate newest collection so basically
these are lips OH
so basically these are lipsticks once
again and I actually made a video all
about these lipsticks will meet
okay so again thanks for the description
box but anyways Maybelline actually sent
me a lot of their lipsticks so wait let
me okay so this is the next package so
this is the maybelline superstay bat ink
a new collection so this is how it looks
like and guys I know who don't know is
that the other one is with my mom but
anyway my favorite shade selection of
the is seductress it's this one it's
just the perfect nude for me and guys
once again I made a video all about
these lipsticks so the link will be down
below how many times will I say the link
will be down below but moving on the
next package that I got from Maybelline
is this one so it says one 24 hour long
lasting brows of course so these are the
new tattoo brow eight hands
oh my god it's raining go under a that's
why I filmed today because I know that
would improve us but it's really but
anyway sorry for the audio okay so this
is how it looks like and as you guys can
see cool down the nominee sad that's
because the other one is with my mom and
this is one over on favorite brow
products at the moment to be honest when
I received this package I wasn't really
able to try it oh I actually solved my
mom using this product and I really love
how her brows look then I tried it out
myself and I loved it so maybe I'll get
one creep Brown that do brow a fence
women because the shades that I have
left are good grout and natural Brown
which are too like light for my brows
because essays cancel my brows are kind
of dark these are long lasting brows and
natural hair like strokes so pyrrha on a
shot um you'll dip me out cold dip so
guys it looks like this okay so now
let's move onto the next package I told
you guys I know in many years I know
Maybelline I just received this recently
like mama a week ago I think okay it
says this cover the hashtag clear
okay so basically Maybelline is
challenging me to put the powder
foundation to the test that's why there
are two powder foundations near us a
brand accidents around why okay so let's
focus on the main product if I can get
it out okay there so this is the
Maybelline clear smooth all-in-one so
guys it has a new packaging it's so nice
guys know this is the old packaging oh
look at that glow up
but anyway madness shots that much when
you open it there it looks like this it
also comes with a sponge and a mirror
actually I'm Tommy Nelson and again
though let me get it nothing okay so
this is the next package actually then
they will last for Maybelline okay as I
said a while ago and I'm Nielsen and
that leaves me with only one of your
foundation right guys all shades are
thanks to the new 7:02 nude beige 0-3
natural 0-5 sand beige and zr4 honey I
think I'm 0 for honey or a sand beige
I'm not quite sure actually how to
handle with all my products so let me go
through all of them so they sent me two
of their eyeshadow palettes so this is
the blushed nudes palette while this one
is the nudes palette palette palette
which I have never owned it before
actually we're not on the door so I'm
gonna give this away they actually sent
me three oh so this is the rock nudes
palette and the next thing that I got is
this Maybelline
rewind concealer and I have been wanting
to try this Ashley Nicole towel states
I bought one but it's a wrong shade so I
wasn't really able to use it that much
so I got this one
it's a right shape so I got one in
medium and I'm Annina Kalasha Ashley
Dinanath this is makeup on and I'm in
love the coverage so I think this is
gonna be my new favorite concealer but
recently I also have been loving this
Maybelline master camouflage concealer
palette but I don't I don't really use
the color correcting shades or like the
highlight shades I mainly use the
concealer shades just because I'm too
lazy to follow correcting my eye bags or
like my blemishes but anyway I am in the
shade medium then Maybelline sent me
there V face duo powder so this is a
contour and highlight I think okay so a
lot behind it though so I'm excited to
try this out guys let me know if you
guys want me to do like a trying new
makeup video because I haven't done that
before and guys I have a lot of new
makeup then I also got their color show
blush so this one is in the shade creamy
cinnamon and this one in with a rose and
I haven't tried these ones before so I
think this is gonna be perfect for
everyday next I got the Navy we fit me
blush and I didn't even know that they
had a blush to fit new lines then they
sent me two of their highlighters
actually I already have you so I'm gonna
give one away later on oh wait guys I
also want to have their eyeshadow
palette so this is the color sensational
satin eyeshadow palette so this is a
shape glamorous school next I got this
fashioned brow um 3d brow and nose
palette so this is in the shade dark
brown then I got another brow product so
this is the fashion brow duo shaper and
the rest are lip products so these are
lip liners so
one is in the shade I said that's a
weird shade so this is in the shade
purely knew that while this one is
industry magnetic mod and i also got
this color joel matt intense lip paint
and shade show afternoon and lastly is
this color sensational lipstick and the
shade darling lee music so thank you so
much Maybelline now let's move on to
Benefit Cosmetics and guys I am so sad
because now here on earth I am a
whatever um they have advanced because I
always get invited to their lunch no new
products in lab ok lucky I can be
available so that's kind of sad but
thankful you benefit all we send me
their new products okay so recently
benefit launched their hello happy
software foundation guys it's so cute
very magic foundation divine
life types of life but anyway um
insiders are a lot of products okay so
the first thing in here is this of
course hello happy software foundation
so I'm in the shade number five so this
is how it looks like and guys I have
been loving this foundation is the one
I'm wearing right now and then the next
thing in here is this goof proof brow
pencil in the shade 4.5 this precisely
my brow pencil in the shade for
firefight once again one of my favorite
lip and cheek dense which is the
Benetton this boy in Queens coins coin
sealer this boy concealer in the shade
number three this foolproof brow powder
and the shade double file and lastly is
this gimme brow gel in the shade
five and benefit also sent me their
hippie go-lucky kit so this comes with
the guys for new blush professional
primary Watts up highlighter and they're
real mascara so these are all mini size
and this is the last package that I
received from benefit this is their
gimme brow gel in the shade number three
and this is the last thing inside which
is this blush bar palette so it comes
with the hoola bronzer you got it for
your blush Gold Rush blush proper to
wear and dandelions blush Wow guys
completo know it also comes with a brush
thank you so much benefit now let us
move on to Vice cosmetics so let's start
off with this one so managing but this
is the collaboration of Vice Ganda and
Pam Panetta
so this comes with four lip kits so men
shout matte lipstick and glitter gloss
oh it says he glue glitter clipper my
case I talked says with your lip stopper
and it also came with this shirt that
says vise X bad lastly for Vice
cosmetics they sent me their cool set of
the Vice water gel lip and cheeses which
I have been loving like grab the perfect
I gotcha for everyday I use it for
school or whenever I just want to go out
of the house you guys are wondering my
favorite shades arse as well and key on
D I almost elect choice now let's move
on to fake eyes and guys look how
adorable their package is
okay so the first thing in here is the
same eyes fresh skin apricot scrub
next up is the st. Ives renewing
collagen and elastin moisturizer and I
can't wait to try this out because
recently my skin has been so dry I mean
it alone
dress up as input even absconded with
look I don't think it's called the wind
boom
but super dry as in myself I'd shag guys
as an ego but I don't have that stake it
looks as if I'm punished on my lip liner
if you guys know what I mean
cuz you guys made your dark shot because
of the dryness but anyway he did on the
lips you will dry as in deep though I
don't know why maybe it's because of the
weather
I don't know but I wish that this
moisturizer will help on the dryness so
cheek area and st. I was also sent at me
they're vitalizing
acai blueberry and chia seed oil of body
lotion it's smells so good and lastly
they sent me they're purifying sea salt
and Pacific health exfoliating body wash
and by the way I have onion going st.
isaac's giveaway on my Instagram so
check that out my Instagram is added
that's about whitey ok we are now down
to the last package so this is from
Garnier so they sent me two of their
micellar waters which I genuinely love
but I got kind of I'm gonna go back to
pink but I haven't tried it the blue one
so this is the micellar cleansing water
so this is for oily and acne prone skin
oh I think this is for me cuz I have
oily I mean I have combination skin but
I'm gonna lease at the zone and my skin
is also kind of acne prone but my skin
is getting better because grab my skin
before no Bashan and Amoco acne neither
support head I think that's because like
your yacht or stress so this is the one
I normally use this is for sensitive
skin Vicki so much Garnier so those are
all the packages that I received now it
is time for the giveaway so there will
be one winner so the winner will be
getting this Maybelline
bag which has Oh many lipsticks for
lipstick then two eyeshadow palettes so
this is the rock nudes palette while
this one is the blush nudes palette this
master chromatic highlighter in the
shade of molten rose gold this
maybelline color show blush in the shade
creamy cinnamon this benefits hippie go
lucky kiss this precisely my brow pencil
in the shade 4.5 this is give me brow
gel in the shade number three and the
winner will be getting two lip kits from
vice cosmetic and lastly to remove all
the makeup the winner will be getting
this Garnier skin natural is my southern
country water so this is the one for
sensitive skin so here are the mechanics
to win this giveaway subscribe to my
channel that's Bella follow me on
Instagram Twitter and like my Facebook
page all the links will be down below
then you have to share this video on
Facebook and guys make sure that your
post is on topic so that I can see it
and lastly comment down below why you
want to win together with your facebook
name and instagram username this
giveaway will end on this date and the
winners will be announced on my IG story
so yeah that is it for this video if you
guys liked it make sure to give it a big
thumbs up and make sure to subscribe to
be part of the hashtag Bella fam and to
get notified whenever I upload a new
video I'll see you guys in my next one
and don't forget your last of all
amazing time
