hey that's right it's Bella welcome to
another vlog today I'll be meeting up
with my friends Giada Jana and Hanna and
we'll be going on a food trip which we
have been one thing to do and guys
Thommo Thommo because i recently got
this sun-soaked kit so that i'll be
hashtag extra ready for anything so this
is the shampoo that I use today this is
the essential co-creation smooth and
manageable shampoo so this has 5 flower
essences so this will surely make my
hair five times smoother and oh how
fragrant hair all day
daga
conversely China's no rise
I believe it's also in opera The Gazette
jogger
but anyways that we are liars have none
always nervous
visa this is our favorites another
please Lavinia and thank you man
recently though I really but it is our
favorite be bother Anna Yano size
I always get big copy though because I
thank you press come in your hand okay
but I mean like after school in four
minutes an hour
coming around
position a joke mom you know my own are
no you're kidding okay so you're two
slices
the og ski
Paul traditional please game does each
other the Guardian I school
after this meeting okay thank you
Kalista party
hey guys wanna kill Munna come in on x
sm Henry no unity so did I mean poeple
emphasize Oh some yo guys oh yes
okay so I just got home super poseable
grab it I never felt this full oh my
gosh
but anyway time check it is 7:20 p.m.
and I'm very tired and I still have
school tomorrow
but guys one thing I noticed once I got
home I'll be over in a book or like it's
smiling and guys it has been a long day
and on that mean I mean high-end
restaurants and you guys know my Pokemon
cusamano I'm Sam you have another
customer who is so after all of the
activities that we have done today my
hair still feels so smooth and it still
smells good which is awesome hey guys I
encourage all of you to try this also
co-created smooth and manageable shampoo
okay but anyways I will also be having a
giveaway that grindin there will be two
winners and both of them will be winning
the same subcircuit that I got oh this
kit comes with the salsa co-creation
smooth and manageable shampoo with five
flower essences and in this case we're
ending cusamano pouch which is so cute
it says extra ready for anything
so guys you will be hashtag extra ready
for anything with salsa and let's see
what's inside
so guys memories it will carry on two
pairs of earrings here mechanics doing
this giveaway it's got to my channel
that's Bella follow me on Instagram
Twitter and like my facebook page all
the links will be down below and of
course don't forget to follow Sunsilk
on instagram as well and like some socks
facebook page and you have to repost
this picture on instagram with this
hashtag and you have to share this video
on facebook and lastly comment up
Alawite want to win together with your
facebook and instagram username this
giveaway will end on this date and the
winners
announced on my Instagram story oh and
by the way some self launched their
music video with sorry ronimal Lana
Garcia and bigoted wait let me play it
for you guys a sneak peak of the music
one two three go so if guys haven't
checked that out up with the link down
below so yeah that is it for this video
if you guys like this make sure to give
it a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hash tag
below that and to get notified whenever
I put a new video
I'll see you guys in my next one and
don't forget here that small amazing bye
