my name's Ramin Djawadi and we are my
studio in Santa Monica
where I write all the music for me with
notes I started out on the organ when I
was 4 years old and then when I was 13 I
picked up the guitar and that's when I
really got serious about music and
started practicing a lot and it was the
movie the Magnificent Seven Ella
Bernstein score triggered something in
me and the recognizable themes that you
could hum when you turned off the film I
knew that that's what I wanted to be a
film composer
the beauty about music in film is that
without any dialogue on the screen you
are able to guide the audience and with
Game of Thrones were able to guide the
audience either in the right direction
or the wrong direction and that's
something that's been fun
by moods or by playing a certain theme
you're able to tell a story
the biggest challenge was just finding
the right tone for the show that when
you hear the score that you know this is
Game of Thrones
from the beginning we knew we wanted
themes but we also knew that we couldn't
have too many themes right away because
there's obviously a lot of characters
there's a lot of different houses
there's a lot of plots and if you
convoluted too soon I think it actually
would have been confusing for the
audience so we actually on purpose held
off with themes for certain characters
for example Theon oh the Greyjoy theme
didn't exist until season two
Aria for example we used to start theme
for her but she also his own theme once
she got on her own
and Game of Thrones we always laugh
because every season we sit down and we
say okay which instrument haven't we
used yes
most of the orchestral instruments I've
used so strings French horns trombones
percussion the didgeridoo were used for
the wildlings so that's kind of an
interesting instrument that's different
there's a Amin you do Duke that we used
for the Dothraki it's like an ethnic
version of an oboe basically
when I started working on a scene I just
watched a scene without even playing I
tried to hear the tempo in my head and
once I have that I can play long I now
proclaim Cersei of the House Lannister
protector of the Seven Kingdoms I
usually start riding on one instrument
first I can be piano it can be string
pad I sketch out the scene and then once
I feel I have the right shape then I go
back and then I start arranging and
orchestrating the scene and then I add
all the different layers of
instrumentation
while the episode is still edited
everything just stays in the computer
and everything is just done digitally
and ones that the picture is locked then
I go in and actually record it with real
musicians and I feel that's the most
rewarding thing I still get goosebumps
when I hear them play the music
I just get huge inspiration from just
seeing the sets from just seeing how
epic everything is and then meeting the
actors that's inspirational for me as
well just standing on the side I'm just
watching I want to just go back to the
studio right away and start writing this
is the piece from episode 610 this long
buildup of Circe's trial the interesting
thing about this piece is that this is
actually the first time in Game of
Thrones history that we use the piano so
the minute that plays the audience
immediately is alerted and they'll go
wait we have never heard this instrument
before this something is not right so
the piece plays on it starts out very
minimal and it slowly builds over I
think the piece is six and a half
minutes seven minutes long
the next element that comes in our two
boys singing
when you see the kids with a knife in
the hand and then I say I'll get stabbed
that's when it switches to the organ and
that's when the choir comes in that's
really the next step up of when you
realize well this is all going wrong
right now
and now the piece is really starting to
build the more instruments come in and
the organ gets busier and then the
orchestra actually doesn't come in until
the very end
the section is actually just thing
because I actually snuck in the main
title theme so you can hear right here
every year I go okay now I really have
to do something that I haven't done
before the show definitely takes it up
another notch every season even though
whenever I think it's not possible they
still are able to elevate it in another
notch and so I got to do the same with
the music
