hey that's right it's Bella as you guys
can see from the title I will be doing a
Watson's haul and I haven't done a
Watson's haul before so this is gonna be
pretty interesting so yesterday I went
to the mall with my mom and we went to
Watson's and I wasn't really planning on
doing this video just because Kalavati
done you may be here in a minute but so
I have two paper bags here and as you
guys can tell we bought quite a few
stuff but anyway before we started I
just want to introduce myself in case
some of you guys are new to my channel
so hi my name is Bella I'm a 16 year old
Lupita youtuber who makes beauty and
lifestyle videos so make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Bella fam that's what we call our
beautiful family and make sure to click
the button right beside the subscribe
button so that you'll get notified
whenever I upload a new video okay so
without further ado let's just get
started let's start off with a little
Sun we'll be getting a paper bag okay so
the first thing that I got is this
simple micellar cleansing wipes and I
really love this like this is one of my
favorite cleansing wipes so I use this
to remove my makeup or sometimes if I'm
too lazy to wash my face I just use this
but I mean that doesn't really happen
that often but whenever I'm lazy I just
use this class my face and I'm good to
go
oh wait guys I bought two panda so yeah
I got to simple my sonic cleansing wipes
the next few things that I got our body
wash so these are from dub so let's
start off with this one so this is their
purely pampering nourishing body wash
instead she butter with warm vanilla
well this one is their go fresh fresh
touch body wash in the sent you Cumbria
and and guys Super Bowl Metallica's Nina
like once you get out of the shower
Michael somebody goes over Illinois I
like the scent battery cousin
know that I prefer sweeter sense more
than fresh sense but you know I still of
them both and then I got lotion so this
is from Cetaphil this is actually for
addresses she has very dry skin so this
is the set of all restore their skin
restoring body moisturizer so this is
formulated for very dry and itchy skin
but I also sometimes use this whenever
my skin is very dry I also got some
cotton buds or tickle buds I like you
cause it got media no booze and some
bhai so we decided to get some cotton
buds and this is also an essential for
me whenever I'm doing my makeup just
because talking is a smashing mascara
home whenever I curl my lashes so this
is a must-have and of course to clean
your ears you know EMI and then I also
got a pack of cotton squares so this is
my favorite it's the one from combos and
lucky them come you know who's I need to
survive just because my act is I always
use this for skincare or whenever I need
to remove my makeup and of course I also
got some pocket tissues so these are
from Watson's and these are the velvety
soft pocket issues and in this pack
Marron for if your pocket issues we
always like my pocket tissues so that we
can easily put it in her purse or like
our bag so yeah I got this and then I
got a pack of loofah so this pack comes
with three body puffs and we always like
to replace our new topic mention what I
got and I'm making a garment or me
- no - so you got some dupa and I also
got a shower cap since once in a while I
always like to get hair treatments from
Hair Salons so means and Melba said new
boo Hawk so that's why I got a shower
cap and I don't really use this that
often just because like what I second
Deena I only do this whenever I get
treatments plus I wash my hair every day
because I cannot survive a day without
washing my hair and the next two things
that I got are breath spray so these are
for the brand dentist plus white and of
course how could I forget about dental
floss so this one is from rlb this is
our favorite dental floss you guys know
how hot it is hit the Philippines so
that's why I tend to oil up more during
the summer time I mean it's not even
summer anymore
Tuggle in them but I thought all season
I'm okay this one comes with 70 sheets
and do you guys get the ones with powder
not well control film or not because I
don't get it with the powder I don't
know paradise because you guys know how
much girls lose their hair ties
easily I mean is it just me so that's
why I got some hair ties because I just
need to stock up on some paradise just
in case
next is this nail cutter since major new
money only local teen admins so pre time
to get a new one
and I also got an eyebrow razor this is
not mine this is actually very mom's I
never use eyebrow razors just because I
don't know how Futaba committed have you
guys seen that video wearing a girl was
using an eyebrow razor that was my guru
lotsa money I think I saw a yo-yo and
this is a shave named Anthony that's
traumatizing but anyway the next thing
that I got is a sewing kit and you guys
might be wondering why did you get the
sewing it better because like in a
Buddhist email code snowman or like you
uniform not in a uniform so just in case
no Buddha so let me have my sewing kit
and finally the last thing in this paper
bag is this element also this is an
inhaler and this is my best friend
whenever I have a headache because if
you guys know me I might
so whenever I travel or whenever I go to
amusement parks I like to bring this
with me now let's move on to the last in
your bag and actually it's a la Isla
Bonita which is a I decided to get a
hair blower just because it's a lot of
hair dryer number and becoming a gamut
so I decided to get one for myself also
for my hand and that is it for my
Watson's haul I hope you guys liked it
if you did make sure to give it a big
thumbs up and make sure to subscribe to
be part of the hashtag Bella fam and say
I notified whenever I upload a new video
I'll see you guys in my next one
and don't forget your that's what
amazing bye
