hey that's right it's Bella for today's
video I decided to go for this glowy
look and as you guys can tell by a
highlight is on quite right now
and speaking of highlight I think most
of you guys know that highlighting has
been a trend quite some time now so I
really wanted to look for a highlighter
from the drugstore 90% it's a budget and
thankfully may believe sent me these
highlighters so these are the master
chrome metallic highlighters so this one
is in the shade 50 molten rose gold
while this one is in the shade 100 or
move and gold it was actually my first
time using these highlighters and I can
already say that these are pretty good
and I've already watched like reviews on
YouTube about these highlighters and
they're all like good reviews but anyway
if you guys want to see how good these
highlighters are just keep on watching
before anything else I always like to
remove the excess makeup using a makeup
wipe it is time for a primer so I'll be
using the Maybelline master prime primer
and I'll just put that all over my face
so T's on and then my cheeks
next is foundation and I'll be using my
personal favorite which is the fit me
matte and poreless liquid foundation and
I'm in the shade 220 if you guys are
wondering and I will just blend
everything using a damp sponge and of
course I cannot skip concealer so I'll
be using the Maybelline master
camouflage concealer palette so first
I'll be taking this shade right here and
then I'll be color correcting my pimples
because I do have some pimples right now
and of course I have to color correct my
huge huge dark under your eyes so I'll
be taking this red shade and just
putting it on my on your eyes now it is
time to really conceal these
imperfections or on discolorations so
I'll be taking these two shades and just
putting it on the spots where I put the
color correcting concealers I'm just
gonna blend everything using my finger
but you guys could also use a brush if
you want then I'll set my concealer end
up my foundation using this fit me
powder okay now that's done I'll be
doing the rest of my face makeup also my
brows and my eye makeup and I'll be
doing all those off-cam okay I am back
and I already have my contour my blush
and the only thing missing is my
highlight so I'll be using this master
Crew metallic highlighter from
Maybelline and I had to choose between
the two but I decided to go for this one
because it really complements my skin
tone more it is time to swatch it and I
was pretty shocked as a second thought
when highlighting I prefer using a small
fluffy brush to apply powder highlighter
so that it can concentrate on a specific
area you guys could use a fan brush but
I prefer using this fluffy brush more so
one technique that I can show you guys
is to spray setting spray to your brush
so that it can give your highlight a
bold color payoff so that it'll be more
intense and if you guys did not know
this is the newest product of Maybelline
and I really love how it gives Filipina
skintone the most flattering glow
aside from my cheekbones I also like to
highlight my nose bridge so that my nose
would look my tongue was and I don't
want it to be too intense so I'm just
gonna lightly brush through my nose
and I also like to highlight under the
brow bone my Cupid's bow and the inner
corner of my eye so that I would look
awake finish off the look I'll be
setting my makeup using this master fix
setting spray and this also helps keep a
glowing look all throughout the day and
yeah that is it and you guys can get
this look and your favorite movie
products at the Philippines one-stop
shopping destination Lazaro calm pH that
is it for this makeup look and what do
you guys think of all the highlighters I
genuinely loved these like I really love
how it achieves maximum effect without
hurting the budget which is really
important for me because you know you
guys know me I'm still a student so I
really need to look for products and a
student budget friendly and I have a
good news for you guys because these
Maybelline master crew metallic
highlighters are now available here in
the Philippines and will be on sale for
only 375 fat loss on these nails so if
you guys are interested in getting
flawlessly looking sunkissed skin with
these master chrome highlighters and of
course this master fix that is free to
make it last
you guys can visit your nearest
Maybelline counter that is it for this
video if you guys liked it make sure to
give it a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Bella fat and say I notified whenever I
upload a new video and shameless plug
don't forget to follow me on my social
media accounts Facebook Twitter and
Instagram all the links will be down
below and you guys could also follow me
balloon Philippines on Facebook and
subscribe to their channels their links
will be down below as well I'll see you
guys at my next video and don't forget
your that's love easy bye
