hey that's right it's Bella today's
video is going to be all about this
press kit that we billions sent me so
this is their intimates collection so
let's try to open it oh my gosh
chickaleta okay you don't mind my double
chin but this is how it looks like
inside and I really love how there is a
wide range of new lipsticks to choose
from so that you can find your own go-to
nude lipstick with this collection that
promises 16 wearable nude shades because
let's be real here choosing your own
everyday go-to lipstick it's not easy as
it sounds
so i will be swatching every shade that
this collection has so that i can help
you guys out so without further ado
let's just get started okay so let's
start a food additive on creamy matte
lipsticks and if you're looking for
moisturizing matte lipsticks then these
lipsticks are for you like for me you
guys know not super in the dry order to
chop the unit's cool but I really love
how these lipsticks don't try my lips
out because that's like the worst
feeling ever like dry lips MO and then
you're gonna apply a matte lipstick top
so I'll go but I'm a good guy but that's
not the case when you use these
lipsticks and also allow my teeth and
gloss or shiny lipsticks as in Atlanta
loca
now let's watch it those lipsticks for
you guys
that is it for the creamy matte
lipsticks and I didn't experience any
tugging at all since the lipsticks were
creamy enough to glide on smoothly lips
go as you guys just saw from the clips
now let's move on to the power mats
which army believes most lightweight
lipsticks
that is it for the swatches now let's
move on to my top three favorites so I
have here darling me nude touch of nude
and toasted brown so it was all about
toil darling me nude and such a renewed
are my favorite go-to lipsticks like for
everyday your mom up on date time and
then this one already elusive ground is
for the night that okay so that is it
for my favorites and by the way guys I
have inviting you all to join the
hashtag 16-day wear nude challenge and
try out a different shade each day and
guys these lipsticks are on sale this
june for only 199 pencils but you guys
can also get these and your favorite
Weebly products at the proteins one-stop
shopping destination lisanna become got
ph so yeah that is it for this video if
you guys liked it we should think of it
a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Bella fam and together to fight whenever
I upload a new video and also make sure
to follow me on my social media accounts
links will be down below and also don't
forget to follow me boo in Philippines
on Facebook the link will be down below
as well okay I'll see you guys in my
next video and don't forget your that's
a ball amazing bag
