hey that's right it's Bella I'm back
with another makeup related video for
you guys so this is gonna be like it get
ready with me since yesterday we had our
moving up ceremony so I really want to
share with you guys the look that I
decided to go for so this is the look
and I really wanted to go for that fresh
and natural looking makeup look just
because I didn't really want to go heavy
on my makeup during our moving up
ceremony since Mona Lewis our longshot
because my unit got so venue Naumann but
anyway if you're new to my channel hi my
name is Bella I'm a 16 year old Filipino
YouTube very mixed beauty and lifestyle
videos so make sure to subscribe to be
part of the hashtag belle of them and to
get notified whenever I upload a new
video make sure to click the bell button
right beside the subscribe button
so we are without further ado let's just
get started okay first things first
headband okay so I'm gonna take my
micellar water take off the excess
makeup from yesterday because a
yesterday you're moving up numb in and I
think I still have some mascara on
because mascara is super hard to take
off that's why I'm in Sanyo eye buckskin
super super dark nun it's because of the
excess of mascara from the day before so
make sure to take that off okay now turn
your moving the excess makeup it's
mainly on mascara but um now I'm gonna
take my lip balm which is from the nage
or but I'm gonna boy strange my lips
because my lips right now are chapped
like as always okay so I'm done with lip
balm now it's time to moisturize my face
as well because my forehead has been dry
for the past few days you guys can use
any hydrating toner so that you won't
have any dry patches on your face
because a union on your is a forehead
coil so I really need to moisturize even
though I am oily now that we are done
with the toner now let's move on to
primer so I'll be using this
professional from benefit and I really
love this one because it really
minimizes the pores I mean the visible
pores really need that on my cheeks also
said Noah's so support head okay next is
foundation so I'll be using this fit me
matte and poreless liquid foundation
from Maybelline wait I forgot my sponge
oh wait got my sponge
okay so hunting ah yeah that's too much
but you know I can't waste my foundation
so I'll put it on my forehead which is
basically all over my face so ground up
without my foundation so I'll be
blending it with a damped sponge by the
way for this look I'm going for like a
natural look so I won't go crazy on like
that eyes shadow or I won't even put
eyeshadow material and where you have to
blend the foundation on your neck as
well
they cool they okay so I'm now done
blending my foundation now it is time
for concealer I can not go and then the
man I keep on dropping things but anyway
I cannot skip concealer just because my
eye bags are you getting RIS and where's
you guys know that and of course moving
up I don't want them to see my really
dark eye bag so concealer so this is my
favorite which is the part shape tape
concealer and the shade medium and oh by
the way on my shades foundation is 220 I
mean unlike every makeup tutorial that I
do I always use this concealer just
because I really like the coverage and
it's like the coverage that my eye bags
need now it's time to blend because
mother I'm except don't concealer at all
so you access in a like a person did
since I have on some discolorations now
I just have to set my concealer and my
foundation with this Maybelline fit me
matte and poreless powder I'm so sorry
for the lighting because the weather
right now is not cooperating with me
that's gonna you know a woman and then
now it's sunny and then mommy have my
goofily molybdenum and so I really
apologize okay so I got my brushes here
and I'm gonna take this Real Techniques
powder brush I think that's what it's
called buffing brush okay so I'm just
gonna set everything and because one
nice to set your cheeks go just because
I'm gonna put a cream contour later on
so Yogi's on what I don't seem is that
okay now that I'm done setting my base
now it's time for the eyebrows and
the t-con oh my gosh because I keep on
playing that song on repeat like someone
stopped me but anyway for my brows I'll
be using this Co brow cream gel from
benefit and I'm in the shade number 5 so
this is like the second to the last in
the darkest shade so I'm just gonna take
my brush and fill in my eyebrows and
when I fill in my brows no man I don't
go crazy cuz I'm thick none of my new
eyebrows go so I don't really have to
fill it in that much only a mass sparse
areas as you get a Machado panda your
eyebrows go like I like this one better
yup that is it for this eyebrow now I'm
just gonna blend that's thank for this
one okay now I'm done with my eyebrows
that's it it's super simple
okay as I said a while ago I won't be
putting on eye shadow just because I
want this week to be natural-looking so
I'll be moving on to mascara so I'm
using this Maybelline lash sensational
mascara and my mascara has to be
waterproof just because super init so on
homonym come on lefty mascara ma well
actually yesterday macho camacho dito
and de gauche I'm at angle because I
didn't have a q-tip but it's okay need a
bunch of machado Ponson but like
yesterday when i was talking to my
friends they just kept on doing like
this to my other eye because it might
make a man a plan a mascara but they can
take it off so okay so I'm gonna take my
curler which I don't have right now
wait okay so I got my curler so this one
is from the face shop if you guys are
wondering so I'm just gonna curl in my
lash
because guys curling your lashes makes a
huge difference
like say everyday makeup oh I always
like to curl my lashes which is I think
not that good because you even our
boosts and eyelashes or Eva coupeau to
line our lashes but for me you know my
new beanie is so we're gonna take my
mascara and just apply mascara on my
lashes Oh hate it when that happens
oh dude I got the difference guys for
this look I really make sure number
container lashes because I don't have
eyeshadow on okay so I'm also gonna
apply mascara on my bottom lashes which
is like super hard for me I don't know
why cuz I got be showing off on that oh
there it is
so I'm gonna curl my lashes again so I'm
just gonna do the same thing to the
other eye and by the way you guys
comment down below for moving up till
now or you graduate in your lung I make
the weirdest face when I'm putting on
mascara and I still had them on AVM
students please comment down below some
advice as you know I'm gonna take up a
VM and I've heard a lot of stories um
stressful down and then hectic so please
comment down below your experience even
though you're not thinking of AVM
comment down below if you're taking up
stem or use or like any track that you
guys have got a little lemon tea oh I
also have some balance on that incoming
grades then and they keep on asking for
advice so I think the only advice that I
can give to you guys is not to crab at
least for me because I'm great and a
home I kept on cramming and
procrastinating that's why super
distress of all and I think this is an
unpopular opinion but for me um grayton
is harder than great
I know I know all of you guys have been
telling me that no the green line is
more stressful than great then but for
me greatness is like the most stressful
one what's the guy's time management on
hand
okay now that I'm done with my eyes now
let's move on to cream contour so this
one is from benefit this is the hoola
kwikki contour stick so I'm just gonna
apply this to my cheekbones also here
you guys see that okay there my hair is
all over the place why I'm also here
also on my forehead you know it's time
to blend and I'm using the same sponge
monta√±esa I'm okay now it's time to set
my cream contour with my bronzer so this
is from Physicians Formula this is their
body bronzer takes some of this and set
my contour now it is time for blush and
this is like one of my favorite parts
when doing my makeup just because now I
have a fresh done agree on blush and
that's because I put a lot of blush so
this is from Tarte so this is in the
shade party so I'm just taking some of
this with my stepping brush and just put
it on my cheeks so it looks like you're
blushing but in reality or not I really
love this blush just because it really
complements my skin tone now that I'm
done with my blush I'm gonna skip
highlighter just because feeling all
super marketing oily offer because it's
hot like I said a while ago so my oil is
serve as my highlight you guys know what
I mean
so let's skip highlighter now let's move
on to the lips so I'm gonna be using two
products for my lips so first I'm gonna
play this lip tint from etude house this
is there dear Darlington in the shade TK
0 0 4 okay that's the shade it's gonna
put that here and now it's time for
lipstick so I'll be using this
Maybelline lipstick and shade CLE crush
so this is a matte lipstick and I won't
really put a lot I'm just gonna dab okay
it is time for the final step which is
to set everything so I'm gonna be using
this Milan you make it last settings
brave so that is it for my makeup now it
is time for the hair and I won't really
do much to my hair actually plan cut up
but not girl sharp arrow I decided not
do it so I'm just gonna part my hair
some middle cuz like I think you lucky
partner haricot candy Doug abacus Avenue
side young part so one of my struggles
in haricot is Zumba not the ass nah baby
here so I'm gonna take those with this
hairspray and a toothbrush this life
hack is like all over YouTube so might
as well try it out so I'm to the spray
some hairspray on the toothbrush saga
and I'm just gonna tame there was baby
hair pattern oh man well my name is you
boho and don't worry guys this is a new
toothbrush so yeah that is it for this
graduation slash moving up hair and
makeup look so yeah that is it for this
video if you guys liked it make sure to
give it a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
battle fan and to get notified whenever
I upload a new video oh and by the way I
would like to congratulate all the
junior high school code leaders and
graduates I know you guys did a great
job let's do it again next school year
I'll see you guys in my next video and
don't forget your that's ball amazing
bye
