hey that's right it's Bella today's
agenda is I will be meeting up with my
friends later on since it is the
summertime you want to check out some
summer activities off our summer bucket
list so today it's gonna be a pretty
productive day for my friends and I so
I'm just gonna get ready now and I'll
see you guys later
hey guys I am back and I put a little
bit of makeup on only light makeup since
I'm gonna be outdoors anyway and I also
did my hair I have um breakout raids on
thanks guys yes but maybe later there's
also for my hair I used the Sun set
strong and long shampoo and conditioner
and what I like about this shampoo is
that it has biotin which nourishes my
hair to be strong as it grows long and
guys I know it's my first time to grow
my hair long for the summer time because
as you guys can probably tell I always
got my hair short during this hot season
but you know I want to try something new
okay guys I'm about to meet up with my
friends
hi guys Giada Janice Hannah and Kelsey
so guys my girl rock rock climbing or
wall climbing coming it is our first
time yeah first time this is it yikes
guys that'll siring palisade and guys I
really like house on silk strong and
long shampoo helps me try out different
kinds of hairstyles that are perfect for
summer activities do you guys still have
energy for fishing okay guys our next
activity is
okay guys so the next summer activity in
our bucket list is to go fishing it's
their first time go ahead you can do it
oh my gosh the fish they just keep
eating disease can I think anything
should become
is the hard part the sad part
how can I see guys
okay guys I think it's time to call it a
day I had so much fun doing some summer
activities with my friend Lawrence
having strong long hair makes my summer
a lot better so I hope you guys like
this video if you did make sure to give
it a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
battle Sam and to get notified whenever
I post a new video how they have amazing
summers with strong winds all hair
