hey that's right it's Bala as you guys
can see from the title today's video is
going to be all about this summer makeup
look that I have on right now and I
tried to achieve a natural fresh and
glowy makeup look that is perfect for
the summer side by the way if you're new
here hi my name is Bella I'm a 16 year
old Filipina youtuber who makes beauty
and lifestyle videos so make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
salabat also don't forget to click the
bell button right beside the subscribe
button
so that you'll get notified whenever I
upload a new video so yeah without
further adieu let's just get started
okay guys first things first I'm gonna
use my sunglasses so that my hair will
well be wearing my makeup and I'm using
on the sunglasses today because you know
it's summer so I'm just gonna use my hat
head back first but anyway let's start
off with primer so I'll be using this
backup first light priming filter and
this is also gonna hydrate my skin and
by the way before you do your makeup
make sure you do your skincare you eat
first so that your skin will be prepped
for makeup and also long as the drink is
summertime don't forget to put on
sunblock
basically I'm just gonna put that all
over my face
and I don't really use this primer that
often just because do we you'll finish
Nia and I have combination skin so oily
so he's on and then dry here
so I always like to use a mattifying
primer but since it's the summer time I
have an excuse look do we fit already
know fresh freshness okay I'm done with
primer and then let's move on to
moisturizing my lips because my lips are
trapped right now so I'll be using this
Lucas
papow oilmen
your makeup okay tips are moisturize now
let's move on to concealer and during
the summertime I don't even like putting
on foundation or like so everyday makeup
quite I don't put foundation on just
because it's super heavy another in the
during the summertime it's super hot
here in the Philippines so damage has a
button of a foundation kappa but anyway
i'm gonna be using this Maybelline fit
me concealer in the shade medium so I'm
gonna be concealing my eye bags also I
have pimples right here I've been
breaking out lately I don't know why
maybe it's because of stress I don't
know so I will let my concealer set for
a while so that of your coverage in your
muscle band that I don't know I see this
trick all over YouTube so that's why I'm
doing it and I've tried it a couple of
times already and so I'm gonna take my
come see one bumper dress
and I'm also gonna put some
i shadow be super simple
this is like a perfect
I swear this is one of my dogs okay I'm
not gonna blend in my concealer now it
is time decided with this Maybelline fit
me powder I'm just gonna take this this
is called a contour brush but I'm not
gonna use it for supper maybe use it for
my powder so I'm just gonna set my under
eyes my eyelids basically this model
again for now conceded I won't put some
cheeks go since I don't want to look
like super mad as I said a while ago
we're going for this natural and like
blue book okay now let's move on to the
brows of course guys you cannot skip our
brow essence sitting on a crew face to
face nothing so I'm just gonna brush my
brows first for my brows I'll be using
this benefit precisely my brow pencil
and you guys are wondering I'm in the
shade number 5 so basically I'm just
gonna line my brows at the bottom and at
the top as well okay after lining
and then I'm just gonna fill in the
sparse areas might be dull okay after
that I'm gonna be using this ready set
brow gel from benefit and I'm just gonna
set my brows in place
so like I'm going for that like drops of
blush luck
I'm gonna put some on my nose nose
bridge
and blending is key
now that I'm done fighting out my cheek
then I'll be applying highlighter so
this is a stick highlighter from benefit
this is their Watts up highlighter
and make sure to blend it well because
guys know first-time comeback fell down
some burglaries make up both hi also use
this highlighter but I didn't blend it
well okay I'm now does my things my
highlighter yeah well and by the way
guys I'm gonna be skipping bronzer for
this look
finally it is now time for the lips and
I'll be going back to this area exalted
from sorry Farah and I really love using
lip tints
lipsticks but it's up to you guys
whether you want to use lipstick
and I really love this shade and such a
sight on my lips but synergy and of
course gala and Papagayo makeup so I'll
be using this Milani make it last
setting spray
are you guys gonna use um like a rose
water final bus with Yui so yeah that is
it for this summer makeup look
that is it for this video if you guys
liked it make sure to give it a big
thumbs up and make sure to subscribe to
be part of the hashtag Bella fam and to
get notified whenever I upload a new
video and of course don't forget to
follow me on my social media accounts
all the links will be down below I'll
see you guys in my next video have a
great summer
and don't forget your that's well
amazing bye
