hey that's right it's Bella guys it
feels so good to be back because ideas
can probably tell I've been kind of
inactive for the past few weeks and that
is because I've been super busy
especially with school school has been
super stressful lately but I'm back but
anyway for Kitty's video I'll be doing
something different because I haven't
done this in my channel before which is
a mukbang and for Kitty's book bag I'll
be eating food from McDonald's let's see
ok so I have my food delivered and guys
simon tamil i filming a movie right now
because it is currently 6 p.m. and i
usually eat dinner around that time also
sometimes 6:30 and then believe this is
maybe 7:00 and also next week is our
exam week so hashtag stress-eating okay
i'm gonna show you guys the food that I
ordered and I know it's not a lot I know
this is not like enough for able time
but I don't wanna waste food or money so
the guys my Dominik open is open so the
first one that I ordered is fish and
fries and I haven't actually tried this
before
and I think this is only available for a
limited time so gonna try this later and
then my favorite which is chicken with
spaghetti and then I ordered my favorite
which is green apple food and I got a
monster one and then I also got medium
fries and lastly caramel
Sunday and I'm actually gonna put this
in the freezer why not because okay I am
back okay where should I begin
oh and by the way guys I'm also gonna
have a Q&A in this video so I asked you
guys to meet me some questions on
Twitter so that while I'm eating I can
talk to you guys so I'm gonna start off
with the spaghetti and chicken first YUM
I'm super hungry comment down below what
your favorite food from McDonald's is
okay yummy I'm super hungry
okay before I take a bite let's answer a
question
you're gonna have a stress bug neck film
then my school race POTUS is some
student bloggers like full of school
bricks but you need to film yes it is
super stressful like what I said a while
ago next week is our exam week so I
wasn't supposed to film this weekend and
I don't normally outcome after school
just because I'm super tired and I
actually just got home from school but I
decided to film because I really miss
filming for you guys and I don't like it
when I'm in active on YouTube because I
don't know I of course I don't want to
lose my connection with you guys better
guys must restful if I'm working with a
brand because of course maimie deadlines
so hide my schoolwork's of all I still
have to do um like YouTube related stuff
because from pre my deadlines so I
really need to squeeze in YouTube
sometimes even though I'm super busy ok
wait guys I'm
so hard to film a mock bumpin up because
you get distracted because there are
like a lot of food in front of you okay
next question is enormous est√°bamos
amount students in an avowal and um
motivation because of stress school and
in life
well pardon of ohio stress and problems
nama and taiyo normal naman yawn but
when faced with problems let's see these
problems as a potential source of
Awakening and another opportunity to
learn I don't know whom behind after
school I'm like super hungry
well I eat some at school but every
recess I already eat my lunch and then
for lunch time I just drink
buko juice or I don't like you leave
depends on my mood and by the way guys
I'm saving my fries for a Sunday just
because it's like the best combo ever ok
next question
animus asabi more for all those girls in
my low self-esteem and how to deal with
it
ok you belong to some girls this goes
stella hat first you have to love
yourself before you love others next is
accept your flaws and never ever compare
yourself to others because guys we're
all unique in our own ways and also
don't beat yourself whenever you make a
mistake it's normal just learn from it
and move on and of course do things that
you enjoy and love to do because in
doing so you're more likely to think
positively and lastly surround yourself
with positive people don't ever hang out
with negative
trust me oh hi guys Bobo's name
spaghetti corporal I still have a lot of
chicken so I washed my hands not worried
Gustavo's in Makaha mind if I need the
chicken it's like it's way easier oh my
gosh I'm already full how I'm actually
of that kind of person like container in
Panama ankle but the LIA humungousaur
firmly denominator so that i have been
wanting to film a book now for so long
like I planned this like last last week
but but then again I don't have time to
film so funny now I was so excited to go
home just because I'm a film bang and
hashtag food is life okay next question
okay I get this question a lot message
to the people who are suffering from
depression I love you I hope you do
always remember that problems are
temporary but our God is eternal God
will never give us more than we can
handle
always pray to Him because he listens
also seek help from your family and guys
I promise that there are a lot of people
out there who love you and care for you
so don't even hesitate to approach your
loved ones you are not alone keep that
in mind
actually madam and I like my message
stuff and they're depressed and they're
seeking for advice and I really try to
answer every single message that I get
but it really warms my heart knowing
that I am the reason why you guys keep
on going and why you guys um stay
positive and that just makes me happy
because I never knew that my videos can
change a person's life if guys know what
do you mean okay I am now done with my
spaghetti and chicken now it is time to
move on to fish and fries which I
haven't tried before and this actually
came with a sauce there I got two I
don't know why but I got tartar sauce
boom more fries and then there's the
fish okay next question is some commas
comfortable my makeup or without makeup
and why um you know we should all be
comfortable in our own skin with or
without makeup I don't really put makeup
on a daily basis I only put makeup on
whenever I'm gonna film or whenever I
need to look presentable but I do have
an everyday makeup routine but it's like
only curling my lashes and then brow gel
and then powder and Lipton that's it
okay let us taste the fish
hmm guys it's so good like neon Machado
me he likes a fish fillet or like fish
in general but I like it
actually I'm pina favorite cold seafood
is shrimp especially buttered shrimp I
love it I shouldn't have drank a lot cuz
okay next question is what if in eleven
more I'm punka what will you do love you
Bella I love you too hmm that's a hard
question of course at first I will feel
bad and I'll get hurt but at the same
time I will also be grateful nitsa
Monica Hagia Sofia night in utica home
surreally Neela and up I'm so full
actually that new young um sostenuto um
tartar sauce Thousand Islands and sweet
and sour
oh and four Nuggets but I didn't order
it Nuggets but whenever I ordered
Nuggets I always get the sweet and sour
sauce and guys I didn't expect number I
palate oh that's why I only got two
pieces well actually my one piece again
but I didn't expect now my LA so I
ordered two pieces okay next question is
how to deal with toxic people leave
toxic people and just ignore them if
ever you get into a toxic friendship I
know it's hard to leave but you're just
surrounding yourself with negativity
which is bad guys trust me
Madhavi Popeye Omaha um um guy begun man
he detoxing who is the first person you
call when you're in trouble sometimes I
call my mom and sometimes I call my
friends it really depends on the
situation I just realized how hard it is
to do a Q&A while eating because you
know
I don't want to talk well my mouth is
full
next question what weird food
combinations do you really enjoy okay
after I eat this I'll get my sundae and
I put coffee creamer it's a Sunday you
go I don't know why is that is that
weird
how's a container at an unknown food
combination I own I actually learned
that combo from my mom because she does
that so you know like mom like doctor
are you planning to make another song
copy
I really want to like cuz all I cover
you unlike any any been in band songs or
your week and a baby or a movie kinda
baby cuz I'm in a cab LS a Snapple done
some movie kind of baby
so yeah super LSS Apple lately done so I
kind of wanna make a cover but I don't
know casino Asama Micawber dip summer my
incoming grade 9 guys I mean for me
grade 9 isn't that hard I don't know why
but I'm gonna give us a banana here up
the new grade 9 but for me she's not
even great Nyko I don't know why but
what's the guys maxi bug Lanka yo and
don't procrastinate actually for me must
meet up on great that is a really nice
because you guys lately super stressed
go because of school cuz I'm timing
deadlines on the V quizzes like pseudo
so know your quizzes diamond
okay guys I'm already gonna get my
Sunday okay
I am back I have my caramel birthday
this is my favorite bite this let's set
these aside okay as I said a while ago I
have this like weird combination that I
really love which is caramel sundae and
coffee cream and basically I just put it
like this is that weird
I don't know you guys should try it
we're absolutely non-business cornucopia
he does the snapchats go if you have if
you have it follow me or added me on
snapchat
you know mrs. Skolnick up in Ohio
combination and so and some of you guys
actually tried it already and I say that
it's good
so you haven't tried it hmm does it your
favorite part go you move around on
society
show us your current playlist um I
actually have Spotify um I thought
swellow idea so it's your kid you guys
want to but me I'm gonna play some been
in that song
okay this is my favorite like cover of
only gonna be me and it's my so that is
it for this McDonald's look bad if you
guys like this video make sure to give
it a big thumbs up and make sure to
comment down below if you guys want to
see more look-back videos from me and by
the way if you need to my channel hi my
name is Bella I'm a 16 year of filipino
youtuber who makes beauty and lifestyle
videos so make sure to subscribe to be
part of the hashtag Bella fam that's
what we call our beautiful family I'll
see you guys in my next video and don't
forget your that's ball amazing bye
