hey that's right it's Bella today's
video is going to be a tight tight
clothing haul since you guys have been
requesting that I should go thrift
shopping and by the way if you're new to
my channel hi my name is Bella
I'm a 15 year old Filipino YouTube where
who makes beauty and lifestyle videos so
make sure to subscribe to be part of the
hashtag battle Sam that's what we call
our beautiful fabu
so the other day I went to Bugbee and we
went there around 5 o clock p.m. since
it opened
around that time but before we went to
Bugbee women do the Pinto Art Museum and
I went there with the bowler squad if
you haven't seen our picture
just follow my Instagram and yeah we
went to the Pinto Art Museum to kill
time since you know GU Sonam is to let
us know
so we just got here at the Pinto Art
Museum but first are we gonna eat or be
take some Instagram pictures huygens
Athenaeum hi guys
so while waiting for our food um I
ordered mozzarella sticks I ordered that
because I'm kind of full but now we're
just exploring some Museum
but I don't really recommend going
through the Pinto art museum before you
go to TyTy
because once you get to thai style
you'll be so hard and tired because guys
we spent like four hours
it's a Pinto Art Museum and we walk like
the Ghulam in a glad so yeah I know La
Quinta homonym Bugti we were all so
tired I don't know how I was so no bad
already
but for me I think it's worth it to go
to the Pinto Art Museum because guys
it's super instagram-worthy
so yeah without further ado let's see
what I got brown bug pee
so here I have one two three four and
five and I also have this one like
imagine if you don't bring an echo back
have a hard time so yeah that's why we
brought um echo bags so that it wouldn't
be a hassle for us to carry all the bags
so when I saw this this shirt reminded
me of my hmm shirt I'll insert the
picture right here or like a bug clip
because guys that's like my favorite go
through shirt oh yeah when I saw this I
was like yep getting it so I got this
one my other one has um we're doin
lining but this one has like pastel
lining so this one is like a ring your
teeth but it's smooth which I like
because it's super comfy and guys the
materials oh it's super soft like for
how much is this
this is only 90 pesos like that is such
a good deal and I actually like the
material of this better than my other
one so yeah I got this and for sure this
is gonna be my new go to top next I got
two off shoulder tops and guys I don't
really own like a nice shoulder so I was
really eye on these things look how cute
right and I only got this for 100 pesos
each guys to knit it just has this
pastel color which I like you guys know
elastic and it also has this like foil
print and far my garter Shandy
and of course I also got a pink one
looks but yeah I got this one as well
and the same flim-flam shop I really
like wearing off the shoulder tops since
it's sponsoring well sometimes it's also
constricting but I still love
nonetheless that's why I can't leave you
wear off the shoulder tops whenever I'm
blogging because not that shot so that's
kind of sad but yeah I got two off the
shoulder tops for 100 pesos okay the
next thing that I got is this hi skirt
and I got this before 100 pesos as well
and yeah it looks like this and you guys
know that was a comma Y although I don't
really know why but first don't really
suit me like long skirts I don't really
know why so let's see if I can pull this
off so there it has a tie right here and
you have to band what we eat is and then
on the back it has like this garter and
this is how it looks like at the bottom
so yeah i will probably um where this
checkered tie skirt with a plain white
t-shirt or like a black t-shirt so yeah
I got that next up is the black
checkered and I'm not really a fan of
checkered so this is gonna be new for me
now it's actually my first time to buy
checkered clothing new year new me and
yes once again it is an off shoulder top
and this time it's like
three parts sha so yeah this is how the
sleeves look like Thomas crunch hadith
oh it's my first time to own something
like this like this kind of off shoulder
and by the way guys I got this for 100
10 pesos okay next is oh my gosh now you
could only realize now that my sipping
on beginning off shoulder tops well I
mean you can never have too much I guess
well actually the name last um off
shoulder table non-abelian so why is the
color so vibrant Amira but guys it's
like a muted Orange in real life or like
a burgundy color this is more of a
fitted off shoulder and let's see
because it looks kind of small so it
doesn't fit me mine fit atholea and
there were a lot of colors but I only
got this one since I wasn't really sure
if gosh I'm so sayonara if I buy a lot
and I only got this for fifty pencils
like guys imagine 50 pesos alone then I
also got this one so this is a
sleeveless top and it has of spaghetti
straps and this is how it looks like
sallyboyd and guys its material is like
good quality so I got a sport 80 pesos
this is gonna be perfect for the
summertime will not read it because it's
black and we all know that that absorbs
the light any notes
science I'm sorry guys I go back to
school on Monday how about you when you
guys go back to school
because I think some of you guys already
went back to school and then the next
talk that I got is guys look how pretty
it is I know you can see like this kind
of stops
Zarah but guys I only got this 490 pesos
right so this is a ruffled sleeveless
top so it has like ruffles sleeves then
also here at the bottom but anyway it
also has a red stripe it has like black
and white
um flowers all over it and this
sleeveless top is perfect for the
summertime because it's super like
summery and we are down to the last
plastic bag and these are not tops
these are shorts that I can wear Ethan
um so bhai so these are my bag the
shorts these are um 50 pesos each so I
got a black one a maroon one and a gray
one
so yeah basically this is how it looks
like it has like white linings and also
a tie right here and garter shy guys and
their material is also super soft so
yeah that is it for my thigh thigh
clothing haul I hope you guys liked it
if you guys want more goals just comment
down below and yeah if you guys like
this video make sure to give it a big
thumbs up and make sure to subscribe to
be part of the hashtag battle of fab and
to get notified whenever I post a new
video I'll see you guys in my next video
and don't forget your that's ball
amazing bye
