hey that's right it's Bella since a lot
of you guys have been commenting on my
videos that you guys miss my makeup
tutorials and since the new year is
approaching I decided to create this
look that you can wear during New Year's
in just a disclaimer I'm not a
professional nor a beauty guru so I'm so
sorry if I'm doing something wrong
please bear with me so yeah without
further ado let's just get started okay
first I'm gonna put on my headband there
and then I'm gonna be taking my derma
clear Micra water this is from dr. jart
and I'm just gonna remove excess dirt or
makeup on my face oh wait I would have a
mirror
and I always like to do this before I
put on my makeup pyro sure enough money
in this Yamaha I'm just gonna let that
dry because I'm also gonna put a toner
that's dry now I'm gonna move on to my
hydration toner this is from banila co
and I got this one I went to Korea so if
you haven't watched my Korean skincare
and makeup all and it will be down below
and yeah I really wanted to buy this
because my makeup artist at is saying
she was the one who did my makeup
cheering the adorbs fanfare also my
benefit meet-and-greet and she always
puts this on my face before she puts on
makeup so that my skin will be hydrated
and moisturize
speaking of moisturize um I need to
moisturize my lips real quick okay I'm
gonna start off with the eyes first and
I'm not gonna put on my face just yet so
I'll be taking my concealer first prime
my eyelids so I'll be using this kill
cover Pro artist liquid concealer from
Cleo and it's actually my first time to
use this so yeah actually some of the
products here it's okay it's gonna be my
first time to use them so this is like a
first impressions video but yeah some
l-'alamin wait I'm gonna cut my brushes
oh my gosh I'm not prepared okay so I
got my brushes but first copy I really
hope that this matches my skin because
if it doesn't yeah okay I'm gonna
promise eyelids
I'm gonna be putting on sealer on my
eyelids first
then I'm gonna be taking a sponge that I
bought from the face job and I got a lot
because I want to use like a sponge that
I will only use like once because I
don't want you to use my sponge I don't
know why so I'll be blending that I
think a mattress does it oh wait no it
does it oh my gosh
it works eh it does match my skin okay
moving on to eyeshadow and I'm gonna be
using my water renaissance palette from
Anastasia Beverly Hills and I've been
really loving this palette like guys
look at the colors so I'm just gonna set
my concealer with this shade it's called
that Farrah I'm just putting that all
over my lid by the way I used this
tapered blending brush from Sigma next
I'm taking this gold and ochre color and
I'm gonna use that as my concession
shade I hope that's what you call it I
don't know I'm not a beauty guru and i'm
just putting about all the crease and
then making my way
and of course I'm gonna do the same to
my other eyelid
okay now it's time for burnt orange
and/or asean-us so I'm just gonna mix
those two and put that on my
and like the golden or crocheted I'm
gonna bring these two colors to my inner
corner okay to open up the crease I'll
be taking this realgar shape and put
that off your piece we're gonna always
use a brush but um when I'm working with
shimmery shadows I always like to use my
fingers so to remove harsh lines I'll be
picking again the golden ochre but let's
move on to mascara so for mascara i'll
be using this Maybelline lash
sensational waterproof mascara of course
I'm gonna curl my lashes first oh ouch
if you're wondering on the curler that
I'm using is from the faceshop
done curling my lashes now mascara
and guys by the way comment on some
video suggestions that you guys want me
to do fortunately as I'm already
planning to do my skincare routine for
2018 because guys ever since I posted my
Korean on skincare haul
drug like endless requests okay top
lashes are done now it is time for the
bottom lashes and I'm gonna be using a
different mascara for that which is the
Innisfree skinny waterproof mascara and
this is perfect for my bottom lashes I
wait your plum I still have to put my
concealer first wait okay I'm gonna
start with my base already and I'm gonna
use my card shape tape concealer pour
the rest of my face I'm not gonna use it
Foundation so I'm gonna put that here
here my undereyes of course and here -
hi Lu Baines again using my sponge I'm
just gonna blend and this is actually on
the eye shadow look that I wore to my
benefit pajama party and I got a lot of
comments then so I shall don't look my
own so I decided to recreate it because
it's all it's also um perfect for the
new year
okay I'm done blending now it's time to
set my face using my Laura Mercier
powder in the shade of translucent and
I'm just using the same sponge and and
I'm not really gonna bake but I'm just
gonna talk down the powder near my eyes
so that my eyeshadow my eyeshadow
Michael see you later one trees taking
my Real Techniques brush to brush off
the powder
and if you guys have other powdery
recommendations like loose powder
comment on below because I only use this
one and they says that the airspun one
is good also the RCM a also the been eye
powder but I don't really know what's
the best okay going back to the
eyeshadow palette I'm gonna take Rio
guard using this brush that comes with
the palette and I'm just putting that on
my lower lash line
okay now it's time for the bottom lashes
I'm so excited to use this because I've
been looking for a skinny mascara
that face when you put on mascara okay
bottom lashes are done time for eyebrows
so I'll be using this Anastasia Beverly
Hills brow definer in shade what shape
is this this is the darkest shade but I
don't know
Oh granite okay I still have the same
brow routine so yeah I basically just
lined my brows and then fill it in kind
of not really it's because I want my
brows to be natural-looking
okay brows are done now I'm going back
do that right about it and take you this
tempura shade I mean use a different
brush I'm gonna use this soft definer
brush from zoeva taking the tempura
shade and putting that on my brow bone
okay it's time for the cheeks and I'll
be bronzing using this butter bronzer
from Physicians Formula and putting that
on my cheekbones also on my double chin
of course also on my forehead now that
I'm done with bronzing my face I'll be
taking my Too Faced blush in the shade
love hangover and we're gonna take my
stippling brush from Real Techniques I'm
just putting that on my cheeks okay I'm
done with blush and I don't really need
to put a lot now it's time for
highlights so I'll be taking this to go
for school art class by eroding shading
this is their highlighter and I haven't
tried this yet so I hope it's good so
taking my mermaid um fan brush
oh look at that glow is so nice like I
didn't expect that it would be this nice
because their best seller is the bronzer
I like this highlight guys if you go to
Korea go get this time for lipsticks so
I'll be taking my MAC lipstick in the
shade
well the teddy
it is time for setting spray of course
because let's be real here we're gonna
stay up until 12 a.m. to wait for 2018
so you need to set your makeup so I'll
be using my Milani makeup last setting
spray just and let that dry
so yeah that is it for this New Year's
new makeup
so that is it for this New Year's Eve
makeup look I hope you guys like it
comment down below your thoughts make
sure to give this video a big thumbs up
and make sure to subscribe to be part of
the hashtag Bella fam and to get
notified whenever I post a new video
wishing all of you guys peace love and
laughter in the new year and don't
forget here that's well amazing bye
