hey that's right is mullah today is
vlogmas day 24 and I'm the light just
sorry for the lighting but anyway am i
starting the seblak pretty late it's
already 3:15 p.m. and that's because I
was planning to start my blog earlier
but I just edited the whole morning and
I was so sick London - like I was
supposed to fill my Korea hall yesterday
but I felt so sick - now I still feel a
bit sick but I'm feeling better compared
to yesterday Alicante also hates us no
but anyway today's agenda is will be
going through my school since they will
be having a mass so after that we'll be
having
dr. Brenda with my cousins that's what
we do every year and then I think yeah
we're gonna leave at 4 p.m. so Bahama
Mama Papa PETA human umbilical from
Korea so yeah and then I what I got for
Christmas video ho I am blog Megan not a
sit-down video because I don't think I
have time to do with that excuse my not
well-blended chick pit hey guys so I
changed my mind
I'm gonna be doing my Korea fall right
now since I have time because for money
not a snowman but anyway wait let me
turn on my lights there you go ok let's
start off with the things that I got
from club Clio and I have been eyeing on
these products and these are the promo
artist liquid concealer this is the kill
cover concealer and guys I bought I was
only supposed to buy one by the sale
sales lady said that if I buy two there
will be tax refund so I bought two and
the shade is this the shade I don't
really know for me oh I don't know if
that's a shade but yeah I got okay
inside
I haven't actually tested these products
yet while some of the products because I
really want to do like a trying new
makeup video before the year ends so now
wait where's the
okay so when you open it at the Omaha
man yeah so this is the concealer and
then it also came with two pencil
conceal we know this is actually a
pencil concealer and this one is the pro
artist pencil right dinner next are
these peri-peri lip tints and I got how
many did I get wait how the lighting
goes so I got four very viral lipids
so this one is my favorite it's in the
shade number and but actually before I
bought this I got these three it's under
shade number five this is elf light rose
this one is in the shade number 10 and
number 14 is beauty peak rose and you
know him on a pinnacle and following day
my mom decided to buy some lip tints and
she bought number it and I wasn't really
happy with the shades that I got
Califano and I'm again done because if I
if I own I'm color payoff yep but sin to
watch Manasa hands tapas ellipse so when
my mom got this I also decided to get
this one cuz this is like on my lips but
better shade is what I'm wearing right
now it might look so natural so yeah I
got those next is nature Republic is
that I'm actually open up the Holland
and this is the nature of public
soothing and moisture I love yoga and
I've tried the cucumber one but it's not
from make sure public it's from mu mu so
Armenia so I'm not quite sure but I I
really wanted to try the aloe vera one
and when I was in Korea I really needed
a good moisturizer because guys so
Brandon dry your face cold on an angle
dips go guys Micah winburn are like
detour so so brows I mean I couldn't
even smile or laugh but once I got home
here in the Philippines I
another product that I got from Korea
which I will be showing you guys later
on
hey uncle minglang I miss Qin right now
my lips are so soft and moisturized but
anyway moving like this aloe vera gel
I've heard a lot of good things about
this product so I decided to try it out
sorry if the lighting keeps on changing
but anyway on my sister actually got
this it's a set of sunblock because of
your aunt out of sunblock so next is the
one I was talking about a while ago and
this is from Minaj or Lulu I think
that's how your nuts Laneige my gosh I
don't really know but I got this lip
sleeping mask and the flavor berry and
manami's hello flavor stone my MA lime I
think some of my favorites done but I
decided to get this one since it's your
bachelor dinner and we also got the
water sleeping mask but only a tiny one
and since I ran out of my aqua for
moisturizer you guys did not know I use
that for my lips and Nicolini
amoeba-like here in the Philippines
since I got it from the States so when I
went in for yeah I was really I'm on
this product I apply this on my lips
before I go to bed and then there when I
wake up my lips feel so soft so yeah
wait I'm gonna show you guys the water
sleeping mask because that's a turd in
LA I wasn't really planning on buying
this but my aunt n decided to buy it so
this is the so this is the lodge water
sleeping mask in lavender and it Hindi
Pilate to you my son in the land of
scent - doctor - not again a tour but
yeah we only got the mini size next is
of course from industry I got there no
subohm mineral powder and I was debating
whether to get this or not because I
still have blotting powder from the
faceshop
but since I really wanted to try this
because this is their best seller and if
you guys have noticed like every Korean
skincare or beauty store i'm melina hock
italico or your mom believe any cotton a
guy I know best southern and after and
this is how it looks like inside and
translucent commercial guys next is this
Innisfree of Jeju volcanic pore toner
and I also got the cleanser of this but
for some reason I can't find it maybe
it's downstairs I don't really know but
I'll just insert a picture right here
what is up with the lighting today
lastly from Innisfree is I was really
excited to get this because I've been
looking for a skinny mascara because I
really need it for my bottom lashes
because I find it uncomfortable when I'm
using like a big one for my lower lashes
so I decided to get this Innisfree
skinny waterproof mascara and which is
good because it's waterproof so it looks
like this their bites so small so yeah
I'm really excited to try this out next
up is vanilla Co and I only got one
panel from there which is this dear
hydration donor and it looks like this I
really like their packaging and yeah I
really needed a hydrating donor so that
you know part of my prep young skin come
before I put on makeup next is too cool
for school and guys I was really like
peleg is even coat on I got on because I
really wanted to get their bronzer which
is too cool for school by Rodin shading
the bronzer but since I have like too
much Rogers already and I
we have like two highlighters and the
other one broke so I really needed a new
highlighter so I got this when you open
it there it has three shades so yeah
that is the only one I got from to
Cooper school
next is from when I went to Olive young
and it's like I think I really know but
it's a it's a store full of different
brands of skincare and makeup so I got
this heroine make mascara and this is
the volume and curl mascara I believe
like even though you don't curl your
lashes material shanem Konya like next
is this one from skin-food and it's not
even a million are made from skin-food
which is the rice mask wash off this is
for brightening so we decided to get
this because we need to brighten up our
skin that from Tony moly I got this hand
lotion and guys it's so cute it's a
peach it smell so good you guys
I mean I'm not a fan of handle shots
because I'm fast not at all am I the
only one whose postman though like I
hate me does ma know like why that's why
I don't really put hand lotion sans go
because it will be like more porous but
yeah I'll use this whenever my hands are
dry next is from the face shop and I got
this lip scrub and I think come on give
gonna come before
it's a previous video oh I'm not sure
but I think I did but this is a lip
scrub and it's good because I'm gonna
shell out money ed because like some lip
scrubs not sabasha so this you can bring
anywhere you go that is it for my haul
and now I'm gonna clean up my mess okay
so this is my OOTD so I'm wearing a vest
off shoulder then ripped jeans from Zara
yeah from Zara I don't know where this
top is from but event my shoes are from
called the Garcon converse and I'll be
having a k-beauty giveaway so stay until
the end for that like what I promised
I'll be doing a giveaway for you guys
since I went to Korea of course I want
to think of you guys some Kay beauty
products so there will be one winner but
there will be two sets and the two sets
are the same by the way and that is
because the other one is yours and the
other one you can give to your mom or to
your BFF karakasa
so here are the prizes
so the winner will be getting this April
skin moving mud mask and this April skin
I love jelly cooldown mass next is this
vanilla coke clean at zero and this is
used to remove your makeup so this is
like a bomb that melts on your face next
is this April skin for the snake and
this is like a contour stick and then
the winner will be getting this 3ze
style and ah one color shadow and the
shade oh gosh that gold showered and
then this is one of my favorites which
is the para para on peri's ink velvet
and shade Beauty pink rose and lastly
I'll be
a lot of samples like what I said a
while ago there will be two sets and
promotion guys c'mon products of Pina
Pizza home gonna make another set by the
way these products are from early picker
early picker sells a lot of Korean
products so you don't have to go to the
parent yet to buy some k beauty products
so you guys can just go to Ernie Picard
of commish will be linked down below so
here are the real center this giveaway
subscribe to my channel that's Bella
follow me on Instagram Twitter and like
my Facebook page all the links will be
down below then you have to share this
video on Facebook and comment down below
how you found my channel and what make
you subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Belle Epoque together with your facebook
name and instagram username this
giveaway will end on this date and then
it will be announced on the comment
section if inconel on your comment so
yeah that is it for vlogmas day 24 and i
hope you guys liked it if you did make
sure to give it a big thumbs up and make
sure to subscribe to be part of the
hashtag Belle fan and to get notified
whenever I post a new video have a very
Merry Christmas
and don't forget your that's follow me
is a fine
