hey that's right it's Bella today is
vlogmas day 15 and this is gonna be my
part 1 so there will be a part 2 but for
part 1 I'll give you need is a haul but
this time it's gonna be a few our
unboxing haul so I'll be showing you
guys what I got starting off with Fuji
film and they gave me this
Instax ian's of special kids and guys I
love taking following pictures if you
guys did not know it so this gives a set
comes with an instant camera and filled
original pouch original sticker original
Mary card and an original album so they
gave me this lime-green a Polaroid
camera the color is song hear-it plus um
it has a selfie mirror and my old one
doesn't have that so and of course it's
a Polaroid picture is you need to have
film so they gave me this pack that
comes with ten sheets of film and then
it also comes with this mayor some cute
stickers and this album and lastly in
this kit is this cute bag it has this
like holographic diam and then when you
open it comes with this trap and then is
how it looks like inside thank you so
much for gee next up is Benefit
Cosmetics and they gave me this the
great Brown Anza blockbuster brow set
and I'm gonna shave five so it comes
with
get the products out so it comes with
this group brown pencil and it was one
of my favorites this give me brow gel
and I love this so much and this is my
go-to brow product this high brow pencil
visca brow gel and a spoolie with an
angled brush and I also got on the brow
Zing's but I used it a while ago so it's
somewhere there exactly it came with
this round mapping tool so thank you so
much Benefit Cosmetics next up we have
weight this is gonna be a pretty big
package so this is from early picker
club and they sent me a lot of Korean
products like guys can you see this so
when you visit early picker calm you
will be able to find a lot of Korea's
hottest on products like vanilla Co
April skin um what else that nada and a
lot more and by the way you can buy them
as the lowest price which is super cool
so let's start off with this one they
actually sent me a lot they sent me six
of the vanilla coke clean at zero guys
look how many oh my gosh I've been
wanting to get this because guys a lot
of youtubers have been raving about this
product because it does in great job
brands remove your makeup before I I
actually already tried this but I only
have like the sample size so I'm really
excited with that early thicker it got
me a lot of cleaning 0.o comes with a
spatula yes because you know you don't
want your bong to be
your foundation concealer stuff like
that and then from 3ce East angada I got
two lipsticks and the shade one one five
months it's like your go to a nude
lipstick this lipstick again in the
shade 909 smoke rose it looks like big
and like Mia packages and then they also
got me these three CD styles and one
color shadow and the shade gold shower
and then guys they also sent me a lot of
very para lipids like I've been wanting
to try these because me five actually
but I'm already using the other one so
yeah they got me the para para velvet in
the shade beautiful rose then from April
skin they got me these four these sticks
diet bronzer they actually sent me a lot
of products from April scale they also
sent me these face masks on this is the
aloe jelly cooldown mask it's for
soothing and hydrating and these mummy
mud masks I haven't actually tried this
yet and then I also got this dr. George
um micro water this is used to remove
your makeup so that's basically like my
salary water and guys when you are
there's a early picker you will get this
sample pouch and guys uncommon samples
so I got another april skin mummy mud
mask a lot of samples of the magic alkyl
cleansing water from earful skin then
from medicube these are samples once
again and these are the red cream plus
the last two items are this April skin
no smudge Idol brush pen liner and brown
and then this one is again from April
skin so this is the magic oil cake and
shave Scarlett thank you so much early
picture next is from salad deck and they
actually sent me on to packages so let's
start off with this one so they sent me
one item and this is the acne spot
corrector gel with hydroxy acid about
silence and lastly from sana Tech is
this package this is a light facial
cream with SPF 30 and they also sent me
this dual CC matte powder with again SPF
30 thank you so much Salopek next up is
color yet and they give me a lot of
lipsticks and liquid lipsticks and also
lip tints starting off with this color
it color stick um this is the creamy
matte one so this one is initially
monka Dakota pressure candle Petra Lucia
Sahara now let's move on to the colored
lip lacquers this one is in the shade
nixies this one is in the shade
Zaria feather and I actually want to
swatch the face
it's all good guys the formula is not
sticky plus the color is vivid and
vibrant which is good for lipsticks
because I've already tried on putting
this on my lips and guys it's
lightweight I promise and lastly from
the lip lacquers is this one in the
shade Marlowe and I want to swatch it
this as home the color so pretty color
now let us move onto the collar at color
thick and guys their carpets are amazing
they're so pigmented let's start off
with this one this is in the shade lava
this one is one of my favorites this is
in the shade Zola next is Evie I hope I
hope I'm pronouncing that right and
lastly is this one in the shade Holly
thank you so much color red
let's move on to bias cosmetics guys I
got the entire set of the matte
lipsticks also the liquid lipsticks so
these are the good vibes matte lipsticks
this one is in the shade good vibes this
one is in hi ROG Carrie Carrie aura
this one is in the shade hi abaya by you
ugh a nerd Cavalli and my favorite which
is gondor's and I'm gonna swatch this
for you guys
and languages now let's move on to the
phenomenal lip kits Samara in the shade
phenom star unicorn Showtime girly
whoops kiddie Pony and Benjamin so this
is how it looks like and it comes with a
liquid lipstick and a lip liner this is
the matte liquid lipstick it says it's
long-lasting lightweight and creamy mmm
smells like marshmallows I like it
it's like this peachy color and it also
comes with a letter from Vice Ganda it
says wanna come on yeah what color you
want and I'm gonna say it's also your
para second down Falmouth a garden where
you can hashtag and afford all thank you
so much vice cosmetics next up we have
the LK so they sent me this package and
inside so it comes with so they sent me
two valid lip creams this one is in the
shade brave and flirty so they also sent
me this long lasting liquid matte
lipstick in the shade
and then they also sent me this brow
sculpting pencil duo and shade taupe and
here is a spoolie which is really
convenient and this
then I also got this all-day matte
powder foundation and lastly from blk I
got this contour blush and highlighting
palette which is super smooth it because
you have like your contour highlight and
blush in one palette so thank you so
much blk cosmetics is actually commodity
ellonija this one is from Caroline they
sent me some stickers some cute and they
also got me this better than basic bag
so cute I think Caroline is rebranding
to a more like minimalistic kind of vibe
so they got me some liquid matte
lipsticks so this one is in the shade
print next one is in the shade craving
upper hand
dark matter luster oh these are actually
metallic that's why I actually want to
swatch it this one wow thank you so much
Caroline next up we have your stance and
they give me on some products from
covergirl so they gave me this pouch and
inside there's this covergirl clean
matte liquid foundation in the shade
natural beige and to set my foundation
they got me this clean matte pressed
powder this is for oil control and
lastly they got me this cream matte BB
cream for oily skin which is perfect for
me because guys I have oily skin and
they're so cute they gave me this um
fake flower thank you so much response
next up we have Sol white Korea so they
sent me some whitening products it says
bring out the effortlessly beautiful so
Lisa and you around the package it's
also good smells like strawberries so
they got me three of the instant white
tone up white and a milky cream and then
they also got me this double white
whitening soap they actually sent me a
one two three four five six seven seven
of whitening soaps so thank you so much
so why Korea let's move on to the face
shop and they sent me some skincare
products they sent me two of the lemons
citroen on face masks and this is for
brightening and lastly they sent me this
herb day cleansing foam and this is
again in lemon citron next up we have
this one from at us direct shop on
instagram so give them a follow guys so
they sent me this Smashbox blow and go
so it comes with this Smashbox photo
finish primer water this Smashbox
fuchsia soft lights and baked starburst
and lastly they sent me the Smashbox la
lights
let'em on lip and cheek color so guys if
you want to buy us products like makeup
bags stuff like that go to at us direct
shop on instagram because they sell a
lot of products from the US and they're
actually Filipinos thank you so much at
us direct shop next is from Pinkberry so
they sent me
yes yes paint marry they sent me some G
C's once again Wow guys they sent me
along with GCC's which I'm really
excited to burn and lastly they sent me
this I think this is a planner or a
notebook yeah it's a notebook oh wait
guys my G season and if it's a notebook
oh my god thank you so much big berry
and lastly for this haul is this one
from snack fever so these are um Korean
snacks let's open it up
so these snacks are straight out of
Korea ha ha ha but let's start off with
this one this is actually not a snack
but these are the cacao friends on
band-aids
love no Cuba's band-aids are and they
also sent me this I don't know what it
is but I think it's grape juice I
obviously cannot read um what's written
on here because in Korean they also sent
me these moist and chewy cake then I
mean I really want to try this this is
cotton candy I believe because sandy
so good
so good this reminds me of my childhood
okay so this is how it looks like inside
if you guys are wondering guys I think
it turns to gun
yeah oh my gosh it's so cool but that's
why I thought I'd equal mine you know
next up we have I think this is chips
chicken flavored hmm so good next is
this Lily chocolate so I think it has
nuts inside
so this one is I think this is like
gummies great gummies not my cherub but
let's try oh yeah gummies then I also
got these lollipops in Cola and
strawberry I don't know then I have this
one I think this is like chocolate
filled biscuit so it's like hello Panda
or something like that
thank you so much that fever now let's
move on to the giveaway because of
course I have something for you guys so
I'll be giving away this blk cosmetics
uncomplicated beauty um set so you may
feel a little funny and you know you
move on y'all
and I will also be giving away four
phenomenal lip kits from bias cosmetics
so there will be two winners
the first winner will be getting if this
be a case set and the second winner will
be getting these phenomenal lip kits so
here are the mechanics to win this
giveaway
subscribe to my channel that's Bella
follow me on instagram twitter and like
me
Facebook page all the links will be down
below then you have to share this video
on Facebook and comment down below your
favorite video of mine for 2017 and why
together with your Facebook name and
Instagram username this giveaway will
end on this date and the winners will be
announced on my vlogmas and on the
description so that is it for vlogmas
take 15 part 1 and i just want to thank
all the companies that send me these
packages it really means a lot so that
is it for this video if you guys liked
it make sure to give it a big thumbs up
and make sure to subscribe to be part of
the hashtag Bala pal and to get only
fight whenever I post a new video I'll
see you guys in my next one and don't
forget your that small amazing bye
