hey that's right it's Bella today's
video is going to be pretty interesting
because I will be the closer in my
closet which I badly need to do because
I think you guys don't want to see how
messy my closet is right now so I will
be salivating all of the clothes are
things that I will be decluttering on my
car to sell a cow if you want to follow
me just go to the search bar then search
user and type ad that's Bella YT or it
will be linked down below and by the way
if you guys don't know what cárcel is
carousel is a web and mobile classifieds
marketplace for buying and selling
pre-loved
items so guys if you want to sell your
like pre-loved items just use carousel
it's the easiest way so yeah I encourage
you guys to download carousel right now
and yeah let's start decluttering okay
so I am about to declutter my closet and
yeah my closet is a mess so this is an
overview of my closet and of course I'm
gonna put on my cat ears because you
know I don't have my simple harmonically
Venus so I'll be starting off with my
sweaters because to be honest I have a
lot of sweaters I don't know why I'm
just obsessed with sweaters and I also
have a lot of cardigans which I don't
really wear anymore I mean maybe I can
use these in the future but throughout
it it all I have like two of these or
three of these I don't know why I do I
have to do so I think I'm gonna let one
go
I need upon them okay but polisena this
is longer and this is shorter oh I get
it now no I'm gonna keep these two just
in case
I don't really wear this one so I think
I'm gonna let this go one down many more
to go
also this one I never really wore this
so goodbye and guys I have a lot of
denim jackets but you know you can never
have too much them jackets
build a good model oh my let go about
this what's this oh it's a party gun but
I don't really wear cardiguez anymore
okay so far I only have four sweaters in
here but I know about the other guys
okay guys I think that's it but I love
my powers I mean parmitano minakami now
it's like for them but anyway let's move
on to the pants and shorts okay so this
is where I keep all of my pants and
shorts also my skirts but I only have
like what two skirts okay let's go
this one is a jumper and I just bought
this so I won't let you go this is my
favorite pair of pants so we're not
going anywhere although this this is my
favorite pair of joggers
nope it's time for shorts I have a lot
of shorts because I like why are you
sure it's more than fans because it's
hot in to Philippines this is still okay
I haven't actually warned this yet how
about this
is this my old one or the new one oh I
think this is the old one yeah this is
my old one so I'm gonna let this go and
I'm also gonna let go of this pair of
shorts it's flowy but it doesn't fit me
anymore
that just means that that I gained a lot
of weight moving on through my pops and
I have a lot of stops intimacy get in
the saphead so but I'm your home whether
they come to the dito this one must have
kept us happen but this used to be my
favorite table like love you could also
sort that there so this one I forget
nothing salmon and also Costello this
one it's a surprise before you guys but
I never really wore this and I don't see
myself wearing this so I'm also gonna
let this go also this one once again the
dentists are and guys like last year
long so I knew that was a pretty long
time ago I guess but yeah musky present
shows often I'm also gonna sell this one
because again let's get Masha I think
this one that must echidna like I wore
this last Christmas but as you guys can
see I'm getting yeah but I think
moustache at the fire at the media so
let's see because if you guys do not
know much about my career
yeah I think you guys have noticed that
I have a lot of bring your keys so I
think I'm gonna let this go Plus must
give my dad what oh it's a crop dog but
again I don't think this fits me so I'm
gonna ask up Ania cuz you know we shrink
loads
that's how sisters Rose what's the bitch
oh I didn't know I had this also this
crop top like I wore this during youtube
at best like the second year I think so
yeah we're gonna let this go okay so
that is the friend of clothes so now I'm
going to check if I have like items that
I do sell so guys I found some items
that I haven't really used before like
this one it's a room decor also these
yeah school supplies
yeah but bag open Ocilla guys I haven't
used them all so this one which you can
use as a pencil case it says surprise
before guys and the panel show guys
without their brand new also this one
it's for your makeup brushes a while ago
I said that I will only be the culture
in my closet but because I can also sell
used makeup
Sapphira sell I will also be stash my
makeup collection okay let's start off
with the fringe over but I should have a
paper bag okay so I will be selling this
Rimmel stay matte pressed powder and
shade transparent and I barely even used
this
when I wish I don't about us that's what
else what else I'm also going to be
selling this L'Oreal infallible Pro
matte liquid foundation in the shade 103
natural but and this is too light for me
so if you guys watched my target blog
good like it was such a struggle to look
for my right shade because no one was
assisting me there so I'll let this go
I'm also gonna get rid of this vanilla
coke covered 10 cushion and again it's
too light for my skin tone and it comes
with a refill
okay so let's move on to the second row
where I'm gonna be selling this Milani
baked blush in the shade Dulce pink also
gonna be selling this Urban Decay
vitamin infused complexion prep spray
because I don't like the smell of this
but I think I mean it works fine but the
smell just bothers me so also this one
it's the happy skin I can be it's a set
of eyeliners and I never really used
these moving on to the third drawer and
this door is filled with a lot of lip
products also this one I got is from the
States so this is the L'Oreal Paris
lipstick and shade sugar plum and I
thought this was mad but it's not is it
so yeah if you guys don't know I like
matte lipsticks but my lips don't know
matte lipsticks so I always use like
glossy lipsticks but I still use matte
lipsticks anyway I don't know why it's
time for the giveaway so there will be
one winner and that winner will be
winning a 1000 times worth of Sephora GC
so here are the rules for the giveaway
download the cárcel app and then post
one thing you'd like to let go inside
the app from December 27
and then comment down below this video
why you're letting that item go plus
your carousel user and the winner will
be announced on the comment section on
December 18 Monday so that is it for
this video I hope you guys enjoyed
watching me declutter my closet which
was pretty tiring but at least must
Luminos your closet go finally make sure
to give this video a big thumbs up and
make sure to subscribe to be part of the
hashtag below fam and to get notified
whenever I post a new video I'll see you
guys in my next one
and don't forget your that's well
amazing bye
