hey that's right it's Bella we all know
that Christmas is not just a season of
lights and decorative trees it is the
season to remember and to celebrate the
birth of Jesus and of course it's also
the season of joy and gift-giving the
other day I went to national bookstore
to buy some gifts for my family and for
some of my friends and I don't know
about you guys but I'm an over-thinker
shopper I put a lot of thought into each
gift I give to my loved ones because I
really want my gift to match their
personality or their preference so let
me show you guys the gifts that I got
for my family and for my friends from
National Book stars let's start off with
this one so this is called the Art
Attack color your pencil case and I'm
gonna give this to my cousin Agatha
since she loves to call her plus she's
also creative so this is per quarter
since this is a DIY and after she colors
this pencil case she can also use it for
school so that is a plus next are these
manual themed ball pens and colored
pencils and both are from big and I'm
planning to give these to Andy he's also
my cousin I call her Andy what is it I
know it's kind of weird but people hear
that this is I am sure that she would
love these because she loves cartoon
characters including the minions but she
also likes to call her like Agatha so
I'm sure that she would be thrilled to
see
this is for my other cousin gab and she
is currently in elementary so I remember
during my enema 30 days I always always
always use crayons or like colored
markers stuff like that so I got her
this Crayola crystal ball crayons and
it's a set and I remember I am on the
youtube when I was little so this will
definitely help her so school next is
the green chameleon pen and I'm planning
to give this to Jeb aka Jeb amazing you
guys know him and I'm gonna give you
this to him because please include
drawing like guys look at his drawings
and guys this will really enhance your
drawing since you can make an ombre
effect with this marker or pen and I
will also be giving him these two Tumbo
brush pens next is this one oh this is
actually a collaboration of Patty and
National Bookstore so this is a set of
note cards it has ten pieces with
envelopes and I'm planning to give this
to Keith and she believed because every
time she gives us a gift or like a
possible bomb from their trip she always
leaves a simple note so that is pretty
thoughtful of her so I'm gonna give this
to her because I think this is the best
gift and of course I also have a gift
for viva la vie so I'll be giving her
this craft
easy DIY organizer and guys she also
loves cute stuff like I do like we have
the same taste when it comes to cute
stuff and guys she also loves DIY so
this is the perfect gift for her since
you know it's a DIY Plus Q the new
patterns I also got some gifts for my
grandma and I call her mama so I'll be
giving my buddy Street Journal's frog
contrails since she loves Johnny down
notes and then for Angelo I got him this
word finder it's a word search book
since he loves solving puzzles
oh yeah so yeah I got him this now do
you know what I'm gonna give you for
Christmas Christmas yeah I also thought
you I oh good what point yeah because
yeah I know you like unison so yeah I
got him this new deep end and 0.5 then
for Ethel yeah I got her this Kate Spade
notepad and guys look how cute this
notepad is you guys know that I love or
I'm obsessed with cute books are like
you know fans this is perfect for a
Thalia Steph's Kate Spade is one of your
favorite brands I think this will be
useful for her since you know she's an
AVM student so I think when we say long
it'll jot down a note so and of course
how can I forget about my mom so I got
her this demo embossing label maker and
guys my mom loves to put our name Somali
belongings salmon for example during
back to school she loves to put our
names ball pens the notebooks and some
books what she does is she prints our
name and then our section suppose you're
gonna print Nia ventilate a pina so I
think that's pretty time-consuming but
with this one it will be less
time-consuming and you know it will be
easier because you know the little Nana
had no more letters
so this labeler will make things easier
for her and I also got her a pen from
Parkers so this is how it looks like
it's color red and Finn and Rey Pasha it
says mommy may Jose and of course I also
got dad so this is how
let's call him that no man and it says
that amazing and I bought them on pants
from Parker since that is a businessman
and mom is a businesswoman so every
single day they sign documents and stuff
like that so I think they need a high
quality pen so even though Monica said I
cannot go out somewhere but they get to
read what's written in here
but Papa it is Scylla because they will
be reminded that they are both amazing
and finally I got my parents this huge
greeting card that I got from Walmart
and it says Merry Christmas see you and
inside it says God's love shines
brightly in your life and with thanks
for all that you give and do all the
joys and the blessings he sends through
you Merry Christmas
so that is everything that I got for my
family and my friends but I also got
some gifts for myself so I got myself
this pouch from the collaboration of
Daphne and national bookstore and I'm
planning to use this for my makeup and
you guys know me I love collecting cute
notebooks so I got this three piece
notebook from the collaboration of that
me and national bookstore once again
guys look how cute the prints are oh my
gosh so break you okay I'm basically
finally over these notebooks right now
and lastly I got a set of my gel pens
and these are pastel D column no matter
pal pastel gel pens like I know metal
pastel highlighters but Fastow gel pens
guys so that is everything that I got
for myself but of course I also got some
things for my Bella pal of course how
could I forget about you guys for this
giveaway there will be 4 winners two
boys and then two girls because guys I'm
so sorry for my voice Muir's out there
because most of my giveaways are like
you prizes piracy
but but enough I'm so sorry but I heard
you guys there will be surprises for you
for the girls you will be getting this
mousepad so cute also this pouch are
like a pencil case and it says love and
peace and for the voice you will be
getting this bag from the brand zippy
and 2g tech ball pens here are the
mechanics to win this giveaway whether
you're an over timid shopper and
overtime shopper are an over-thinker
shopper like me national books are got
us with their endless discoveries and
guys if you haven't done Christmas
shopping yet
head now at the National Bookstore
because great gift givers get it at
national buck star you may also shop
online at www.norfolk.gov
or call the debris hotline 888 867 you
may also follow National Bookstore on
Facebook Twitter Instagram and YouTube
at NBS alert to get updates every now
and then I'll put the links down below
and yeah that is it for this video if
you guys liked it make sure to give it a
big thumbs up and make sure to subscribe
to be part of the hashtag Bella fam and
to get notified whenever I post a new
video
maybe all have a very Merry Christmas
and don't forget your that smell amazing
bye
