hey that's right it's Bella today is
December 1 which means it is vlogmas day
1 and guys I haven't done a vlog most
yet so please bear with me this is my
first time doing vlogmas and I just want
to warn you guys that I will not be
uploading every day but my goal is to
upload almost every day because you know
I'm still busy with school and then
YouTube as in my social life so yeah I
hope you guys understand but I will
still try my best anyway it is currently
437 p.m. and I just got home from school
that is why I look very hot guard okay
today's agenda is I will be decorating
my room for Christmas because I bought a
lot of Christmas room decor so I need to
decorate because you know you gotta get
into that Christmas spirit but before
that I think I'm gonna freshen up a
little bit because I look so oily okay
I'll see you guys in a bit okay I am
back and now I'm just gonna get all of
the room decor so that we can start
decorating
okay so I think I got everything I think
I'll start off with this section first
before the headboard because that's
gonna take a long time so let's go so
guys here are some of the room decor
that I got so I have some pillow cases
twinkle lights or fairy lights also like
the Snowman that actually lights up with
her eating Sun yeah
that's so cute right that's why I got it
this is so yeah I'll start off with
these shelves and then also with that
part so let's start so I will be
replacing this mug and this is where I
put all of my makeup brushes and this
one is from Target and it says hello
gorgeous but I decided to switch it up
to this mug that I got from the Alpha
theorem so us then so I also have the
white version of this but I chose red
because you know Christmas
if you guys know where this DIY is from
then you're amazing
I made like a DIY Christmas room decor
last year so I'm gonna reuse it and I
just need to paint this again with green
paint but I only have textile paint
right now so I can't paint it here
because it's gonna smell bad so yeah I'm
just gonna paint it real quick here are
all of my materials so I have the block
letters the foam brushes also the
textile paint I am back in my room and
Papa Thiam community-owned let your
block so yeah I'm just gonna continue
decorating um cuz cuz I like a cookie so
I you enjoy the block letters and then
here maybe I'll put maybe like this one
or this one I'm not sure but let's see
oh my bubbly can go to mommy but now
let's move on to my bed and I'm planning
of how I am gonna put on fake Christmas
berries right here also twinkle lights
or fairy lights then I'm also gonna
change my pillows so let's do that
yeah I'm done with the pillows and these
pillowcases just have like snowflakes
all over it and then it's time for the
headboard and this is gonna be pretty
hard so I think I need help later on
guys oh my gosh it's finally done like
guys as you can see boys an apple
because it really took me a long time
back I'm Italian cause if I'm gonna
Julio um Italian berries tapas your
Christmas lights must on a linear lap
around the berries but on cam it doesn't
look like that messy but in real life
that's just all my bad I'm so happy with
the outcome guys like oh hang on it's
it's so Christmassy but I have to change
to this plant though because you know it
doesn't go with the theme now let's move
on to this side because it's kind of
plain right now
like I have my play button right here
and then my ukulele also my candle but
I'm gonna change my candle to a
Christmas scent so I chose this one this
is from an candle in the sand festive
cocktail and I was supposed to get the
Christmas cookie one but they said it's
a young bestseller Neela so got that and
I'm gonna put it put it right here and
I'm also gonna put this mini sparkly
Christmas tree right here
tada and I'm gonna remove this for a sec
because so yeah this is how it looks
like at the moment I know it kind of
looks plain kind of play right now but
let's move on gonna do this part
okay guys I am finally done decorating
my room it took me an hour
that was pretty tiring because I cleaned
all of my mess I kept on all of the room
decor that I won't be using for December
so we don't guys hang on hang on now I'm
gonna show you guys an overview of my
room I am outside my room right now and
when you walk in this is an overview and
this is the messy part so please don't
mind the mess so when you walk in you'll
see you this door and I got this light
I don't know how what this is called I
think it's like a garland or something
but yeah I have that and then right here
I have a stocking and it says Merry
Christmas and it has a snowman and then
it's already dry guys
it says joy and then I just di wide this
then at the bottom I have this Christmas
tree ornament also this one it's a
snowflake container thingy I don't know
what it's called it and then I also have
this angel ornament and then right here
I have all of my makeup and then my
makeup brushes and then I replaced my
hello gorgeous mug to this one so yeah
it says but first coffee that Justin
gave reference though then right here
you'll see my desk so this is how it
looks like I know it's kind of plain but
you know no boozing dominar room decor
but anyway I have this um snowman that I
literally just got downstairs then I
have my vanity mirror my laptop and then
this snowflake container thingy and some
pencils then right here I have my bed
this is my favorite part
no no not agai is nah
is actually my mom's idea thanks mom
I also have these red pillows and then I
kept my heart-shaped pillows that I got
from Daiso since white naman shy it
matches the theme and then right here
this was actually supposed to be right
there beside the stocking but since it's
kind of overcrowded and then right here
I have my silver play button and then my
candle and then this random gold ball
thingy and then I also added some fake
red berries also the sparkly Christmas
tree moving on to my honeycomb shelf I
have this um gingerbread man and then I
also have another stocking oops
Ksenia kenosha dito me I also kept the
box right here but um mug hang your
stocking and then I also have this room
decor it's like a gift and then this one
I don't know what this is called
but yeah I have this and then my
favorite the Snowman that lights up
I hope you guys enjoyed that b-roll and
time check it is 644 p.m. and that just
means that I need to eat dinner so I'll
see you guys later so I am done eating
dinner and then I'm good I hate seeing
and rice oh guys by the way I haven't
told you guys that I will be having a
lot of Giveaways this December so almost
last no love must go my giveaway
including this one so I will be giving
away one Starbucks planner because I
know how hard it is to get a Starbucks
ladder right here are the real center
this giveaway make sure to subscribe to
my channel that's Mela follow me on
Instagram Twitter and like my Facebook
page all the links will be down below
and then you have to share this video on
your Facebook and make sure it's on
public so that I can see it and lastly
comment down below what you look forward
to this Christmas this giveaway will end
on this day so good luck guys and by the
way just to remind all of you that I
really stopped your account that sounds
creepy I'm not like creepy but I stock
your accounts or I really take time to
look at your entries some on giveaways
cause so yeah just to put it out there
because you know I wanted to be fair I
think I should edit this vlog already
because I will have this up tomorrow at
maybe like 10 a.m. because I'm gonna
leave early tomorrow so that is it for
vlogmas day 1 i hope you guys liked it
and if you guys want to see more of
vlogmas comment down below make sure to
like comment and subscribe to be part of
the hashtag Bella fam that's what
while our beautiful family and the I'll
see you guys in my next vlog and don't
forget your basketball amazing bye
