today is my meet and greet at Benefit
Cosmetics megawatt and I'm about to get
my hair and makeup done it's currently
9:20 a.m. and I'm just waiting for my
makeup artist
okay makeup is done thank you Sarah
subscribe your channel guys you know
down below you gonna get that's like
thank you for my hair so we just got
here at Benefit Cosmetics and there are
some bells now outside ringing so I'm so
excited to meet you guys and the team is
currently just setting up everything I'm
nervous but I'm like more excited babies
know what I mean
yeah yaaaas Ariana Grande's
there I'm all alone in this room so this
is my lucky BMI pop is just this like
blue movie top and it's color being
because no benefit and I personally look
thanks on that side and then I'm wearing
I guess
I'm wearing a jumper and you know basic
white sneakers my old TV is like super
like 95 benefit is the best food is life
what is life
why
got some technical difficulties in the
balloon
and I lost the game but I want
guys
it's finally done thank you so much
it won't focus there you go he's away
hey guys I am back home and before I end
a vlog I just want to thank Benefit
Cosmetics and the benefit team aka the
gorgeous ladies who made this
meet-and-greet possible and of course
they keep to my family and relatives who
came also my friends um Vince
Allen and Jeb amazing and how can I
forget about my Bella fam thank you guys
so much for coming my VIP winners also
the walk ends thank you guys so much for
supporting me and everything that I do
you guys are my inspiration and you guys
always keep me motivated and I thank you
guys for that I love you guys so much
and guys is it Christmas already thank
you guys so much for giving me a gift or
a letter it really means a lot like you
guys didn't even have to anyway if you
guys like this video make sure to give
it a big thumbs up and make sure to
subscribe to be part of the hashtag
Bella fam and to get notified whenever I
post a new video oh and by the way I
will be having a pajama party at benefit
Robinson's Magnolia
so if you want to know the details
follow me on instagram and yeah i'll see
you guys in my next video and don't
forget hear that smell amazing bye
