hey that's right it's Paula today I'm in
Bacolod for the mascara festival if you
guys do not know mascara festival is an
annual event here in Bacolod with street
dancers in their colorful masks and
costumes to show their happy spirit and
their positive disposition and of course
events as colorful and as festive as
this one wouldn't be complete without
taking pictures right right that is why
today I'll be showing you guys how to
take good Instagram photos using my
Huawei nova 2 eyes so let's get started
tip number one lighting is key natural
lighting will be your absolute best
friend dark lighting delete the grainy
photos but thankfully while we know what
to I has exceptional low-light
performance Plus this phone has 4
cameras which will surely enhance the
photos tip number 2 taking good
portraits selfies and groupies it's best
to take selfies when you're facing the
light directly or when you're outdoors
during the day while we know that 2 is
13 megapixels plus 2 megapixels dual
front camera shoots higher definition
bolder more artistic and more beautiful
portraits than ever some of the amazing
features that you can use to take these
kinds of photos are adorable stickers
smell to capture gesture control and the
bouquet effect
you can also adjust our edit the focus
of the picture which is super cool tip
number three taking scenic pictures
the Nova 2i features a dual lens rear
facing camera that combines a 16
megapixel lens and 2 megapixel lens the
16 megapixel lens is responsible for
image rendering while the 2 megapixel
lens captures depth of field information
to create professional bokeh effect and
the last tip is taking food flat lace
what's traveling without trying and
taking photos of different delicacies
right hashtag Buddha's life
make sure to take food flat layers on a
brids I've you make the shot more
interesting by using the good food
feature traveling is so much fun when
you capture the moment with a new bow
anova - i because of its amazing
features and its excellent battery life
make sure to LIKE comment and subscribe
and don't forget your that's well
amazing bye
