PewDiePie YouTube God guide he is the go
is the biggest channel on the platform
picked up on a brand that is going
around a company but has sponsored a
hundred youtubers over a hundred ug well
over hundred YouTube knows called better
help and they are an online therapy
service aren't they yeah they
essentially have come over concept and
gone you're probably much more
comfortable in your home getting your
therapy online kind of via Skype doesn't
that sound like a great idea yes it does
I'd love to do that that was you that
was meant to do that it is cheaper yeah
it's totally cheaper than face-to-face
consultation it's a big scam it's a big
scam because they're not taking
responsibility for the therapists on
there it's down to the user
yep to determine whether they're good or
not yeah whether they're good or not
whether they have the right
documentation and all that kind of stuff
so their payment structure is a bit
muggier fee in the sense of a they give
you a free week and then they say they
charge they bill you monthly but they
bill you the day after your week trial
so but big youtubers have been promoting
this Shane Dawson Bobby burns was lit
yeah I mean there was loads on them try
Phillip Phillip Franco did it I think
Cody Cody coded it it brings up a larger
issue I think about influencers and
youtubers doing brand deals and where
does the responsibility lie is it with
the influencer or a youtuber or is it
with the who's managing them but where
does it lie what do you think is so hot
because the weird thing is I watched
chains the advert for Shane's and I even
told you actually because I think we
spoke the next day and I was like did
you watch the ad and you said no you
skipped in but I was like hours it was a
it was really good actually because it's
it's all about therapy and helping
people and obviously the episodes sort
of inclusive of that stuff but that's
just how Shane had sold it to me
but then Shane has just had that
messaging from that company saying hey
this is what we do we're gonna pay you X
amount of money spread that message yeah
so you're right whose responsibility is
it I would say it fools mm your career
so how does it work here's how it works
a pram will come in and they will go
through management and then if a brand
comes to me I just send it straight to
them because they deal with a
negotiating and things like that
once that's in there the management will
figure all the ins and outs because not
to offend a lot of youtubers but some
people just want to know simple facts of
what they're doing so they manage your
might cool them say hey better help want
to work with you they got this much
money this is what you have to do so
then a youtuber has to decide
straightway they're just like right then
it's up to them to ask the questions
when it comes to me I would ask gleam
I'd be okay cool tell me about the
company what is it burglar
yeah and I've no need to say what do you
guys think like so there is a trust
element to being both of you really I
would say it's between both because at
the end of the day if they have a cool
with better help the management and
better helper they're going oh this is
what we do blah blah blah blah explain
everything in a sort of sellable way
that makes you go well it sounds great
they're obviously gonna then pass that
message on to me or said creator have
you ever been sucked into a scam before
or anything like that or nearly sucked
in no the worst case Brandi I've had is
did a job with a company and they just
went AWOL after like we had a cob
viously you have contracts you have a
lot of legal terms yeah I told you
before it just I was working with you we
did the job and then um yeah just never
paid for it and and then you threatened
with legal and lost that it would take
to take it to court doesn't make sense
for the amount of money so but back to
the original thing about scam I don't
think so but I kind of do feel a bit
sorry for the for the youtubers in a way
if it is gonna turn into mainstream news
because yeah is it up to them to get
like I'm gonna hold my hands up and say
a brand I've worked with I haven't gone
on to their website and read the Terms
and Conditions if this brand came along
to me though and it's about therapy and
stuff
that is a little bit more of a sensitive
subject I would say so I probably would
have more questions I'd want to ask or
more I'd want to know and I guess if
it's just like I don't know food or
something that's easier to be not as
worried about it I guess you're right
when it's a sensitive subject if it's
therapy mental health if it's religion
if it's anything like that you're gonna
be more where you can look more into
yeah but you know we've done
read-throughs on here before and stuff
like that and although I wouldn't say
like I don't care about the brands or
anything normally you're excited when
someone comes in and you would read any
but oh that's really cool like I may not
have done whatever it is that product
does but you read it okay great no
problems with that I remember there was
one time though we were both a bit
uneasy about doing something and you
know it didn't go far in the end but do
you remember yeah yeah I do yeah because
that is a bit more of a I guess a
controversial topic but I get having
this small bit of experience in it now
I do understand the issue because the
end of a day people want to make money
don't they yeah of course of course but
that's really hard it is so because then
the company also had they changed their
time they deleted their terms and
changed them haven't and I'm sure after
PewDiePie's video which will draw so
much attention to it also will they'll
have a whole team of people trying to
sort their out ultimately I
thinking conclusion in my opinion
responsibility does fall with the
youtuber in question because at the end
of the day your management company can
do as much as they can whatever this
youtubers it's their faces it's their
names I feel a bit sorry for them
they've been dragged into this but I
guess we're some like you gotta do due
diligence yeah Peter pies literally gone
into the terms and conditions yeah which
I think most people would put their
hands up and say they don't read you
know when you get an insurance of some
kind you're not reading the 40 dose of
it are you yeah you're normally getting
a breakdown of that so yeah what do you
think what was your like concluding
statement
yeah it's a weird run because I think
that the brand the company better help
whatever are selling it to the managers
whoever's doing that in a way that
they're not going to be sharing the
terms and conditions and then the
management have probably looked on the
website and gone wow yeah this does seem
legit read all of the reviews that
they've put on there that seem really
good and it's only if you actually
decide to dig a lot deeper that the
other stuff comes up in percentages what
would you say is why his comment I think
the company is the most fun thing taking
them out taking them out doing whatever
they're doing yeah I honestly don't know
I would say I honestly don't know 50 50
I can see how conflicted - you are by it
it's really it's such a yeah I'm sure
I'm just trying to think if I was in
that scenario because how it we're going
back to how it works it's like
management have lawyers and companies
have lawyers so once a negotiation has
happened once management's had a cool
with that company they'll go cool talk
to the YouTuber and we're like oh yeah
that sounds good let's do it
the lawyers then get together the
lawyers of the management firm the
lawyers of the company get together and
they create the contract so there's a
whole other element of the lawyers in it
and then does it fall on the lawyers or
very operate underneath the umbrella of
the management isn't it yes ultimately
then with that new information it I
think it's a bit heavier with the
management but I know in America that it
works a little bit differently whereas
the youtubers have individual lawyers so
how they have over there like I'm just
talking about my management
some people have manager and then
they'll have their own individual
lawyers outside of the management
company who look over their brand is I
know I know loads of youtubers who have
that so then the dilemma is are they
lawyers aren't cheap aren't they so are
they getting their lawyer to look over
these terms and conditions and I would
imagine that with most brands in most
companies you do meet them and stuff and
they're nice and you know you're not
suspecting everyone to be a disaster
each company get involved they aren't
going to be evil and things like that
don't know so when you're if you're an
individual youtuber and you've got your
own separate lawyer you're not going to
want to
every single company because there's not
point not 1% who's gonna be
easier essentially yeah you know I think
of all the all the people that we've had
meetings with brands all these things
and imagine we've never left mean that
they seem evil but then you do have a
good screening process because you're
like when you get the emails for you to
come through to you and you will show me
the funny ones where you like so maybe
we're not doing different companies
you're like oh that's s some good money
actually I don't I'm sure it's fine
something we didn't say is what did make
it a little bit weird I thought is the
youtubers weren't being paid on a flat
rate on in terms of impressions they
were being paid on a conversion rate so
how many people you get to go over and
actually sign up to their site then the
youtuber gets paid that is always a bit
of a weird one imagine using a code like
Marcus Butler to van get therapy with
therapy it's weird
good on you PewDiePie and the team for
picking up on this because the company
shouldn't get away of it basically
they're miss selling information here's
good isn't he
you
