hello beautiful sexy people look at
those guns yeah is very hot in the UK
right now and I don't it's there's a lot
lower data from the UK we don't have air
conditioning obviously in the UK so when
you're inside you have to wear as little
clothing as possible I'm not gonna be
naked because Matt's there so that'd be
weird I was naked what were you gonna
say know what you can say nothing sexual
or just ice it open each other naked in
boxes that's weird yep that's weird
that's new change in a room this is out
of choice to just sit there in Barcelona
today what you need why would you do
that be playing puts a lot so it's like
nice and it's a nice fabric did you
rinse your sad you sure done I could
wrench in the vlog anyway today you guys
we are going to be taking part in a game
in a YouTube challenge it's gonna be a
guest the youtuber I love doing these
series you guys absolutely love it and
we've come up with a brilliant little
game so that yo what I'm saying you know
what it is we in the bloody part of the
video
guess the youtuber by their singing
voice yeah a lot of youtubers have sung
some youtubers have hidden talents as
singers I obviously don't and we're
gonna be playing those well he's gonna
paint those and I'm gonna be guessing
them and you are as well so hit it I
thought I'd be really kind to the
viewers and not that yours in your
singing voice why kind because because
it's nice listen to that
these YouTube to view this I've made
some songs they've been charted so I'm a
chart success the sounds like
Miranda at first and to keep Ava gates
that that face to the beginning bit
is that Joey that speaks at the end no
outfit and again I speak in you don't
distort that miss annoying stop it stop
it let me play the beginning but he
paused Jesus Christ are they American
yep they're Weaver days three guesses
there with a guy the next clip is a guy
speaking no it's a girl yep play just
the beyond just the we get please don't
be annoying honestly don't know I
thought I thought would be amazing in
this challenge Colleen it's not playing
because she can sing grace he's America
can only go yeah
jenna Marbles
no way can she sing I think she can
why did she do everything I hate you
Liza I don't sound like Casper Casper
that's cats with action Owen no it's not
no it's Casper oh well it doesn't matter
I put it right know what it's two people
okay no play again is it a youtuber yeah
Tyler no oh it's Joe oh my god
it's very hard this town is so hard I'm
trying to think first of the person
speaking yes Haley the person singing
again
I have no idea this is so hard
superwoman no great yes a normal gets on
the ocean yes all right
steady baby way nailing it two out of
three hit that note again this is nice
boys yeah
it's a superwoman yeah are you Joe candy
that's supermarket feel the same way too
whoa I know it is she could sing name
did I already say oh I did get the
touching wrong by the way Jerry that was
yeah ask you I guess stick for that not
me make my wish come true all I want for
Christmas is you that was just as good
thank good there dinner in that hole
like this clips Stephie can do that when
you I don't I do and you do the like MA
yes again
we're not tiny about thing my voice
breaks dirt right now you try my karaoke
Monty words I will sing it
what'd she get even when you do backing
vocals remain channel ready is it
English American no the gabbie show yeah
yes that was really over we're at VidCon
we walk into a lift in the lift was like
Scotty toddy from David's vlog who I'm
like friends with tight tight with
because we did a job andrea russett I
know
Zane was in there from Davis blogs Gaby
was in there it was like digit spinner
inception I walk in everyone's doing
Peter spinner and we get out and cuz I
was like talking to me vlog to me didn't
hate and we get out and you're like did
you know that when I was like he joined
the kick so do you not know who any of
them wound you like no may not know no
kaname no I gave that to you
all about how my life got twist turned
upside down and now I'd like to take a
minute just sit right there say I became
the principal town called bel-air
Bobby turns in rapping because this is
singer he's no rapper I live got on I've
already got one wrong why have you got
the live version is that from digital
yeah I was that way yeah I know it is
but can you also play the original I
want to hear the definitely not with
your music taste that's kind of person I
think we've said this on the podcast
which give me a time to plug the podcast
we have a podcast he ever would lower
your expectations it's amazing we chat a
load of random whilst he's trying
to find this song click the top line in
description you can go listen to it for
free it's out every single Monday go
subscribe give us some comments yeah one
of the stories from that was that Matt
once told me he's got a bit of a weird
music taste and when he used to be the
person in charge of the iPod at parties
his music would always get turned off
they'd always change his iPod for
someone else's I'm so annoyed as well
Ricky Dillon this is such good song
it's like Jason Kidd in the video and
stuff you don't even know Jason Kidd do
you give what I don't give a squat squat
cocaine so Jason that's oh my god yeah
when were in the gym at VidCon JC I said
oh those JC training next me and shoes
Matt Tim and then after he was like
Casey I was like JC and all your pain is
key and then jay-z sorry I know I said
Louise yeah there's some freaking Disney
song this is no headphone challenge or
over low
because he can actually say I know you
see what I'm doin everything I grabbed a
microphone and hid that money magnums
days come out can we play Shane Dawson
sir oh can you just play super love
that's on spot that you didn't even know
who was when that came out yes I did it
and you did what huge yet I'm running
out of time I hope that I can say this
sometime yes I don't know but I bought
this song I had superpowers how imminent
yes five hundred thousand thirty same as
me no fear the hero was here I wasn't
ashamed fanboy
Tyler it's the like bowl in the
background whenever either drop satirize
ever I it let's just make a song
who's a person like they can really sing
in that clip
are they sing it's not like fray it's
not the Janoskians no mmm tonight I'll
struggle em don't want to hear again I
give it away are they American no
English yeah hey big or small say big
again she doesn't fit I love peace that
they're not singers by trade where no
disguise for me come into the open play
good who's doing the high pitch
Phil can kind of sing alone is kind of
why started looking at Phil the whole
time feels just so into it he's just not
so I only got one wrong yeah no I did
I'm giving you three guesses why
untalented yeah I really hope you
enjoyed that that was really fun to film
if you want part two
leave suggestions on who we should use
for the videos who helps us someone
YouTube in the comments below and yeah
give the video a thumbs up enjoyed it
subscribe if you're new click the button
just down there and I will see you guys
tomorrow cuz I upload every day yo so
see you then
peace
