hello beautiful sexy people welcome to a
creepy really scary video whoo first of
all the reason why I might have hat is
because my hair looks like this oh then
- does that look I literally forgot
noodles in my hair
yes so we're just rolling with that it's
totally fine no Steph he did it to my
hair the other day she got like a hair
grip Twitter of my hair and straight and
each bit of hair thought it was cool in
the day kind of a grating that now
anyway welcome back to a sit-down video
every Morlocks videos video welcome back
to a sit-down insightful video into
scary last time
serial killers serial killers fascinate
me because they're so twisted in their
little minds and seeing what some of
them have done so we're gonna be looking
at ten of the worst serial killers of
all time and going into detail about
what they did maybe why they did it and
just have an open discussion about it
alright let's jump into the mind of a
serial killer
just give me one doesn't know our serial
killer is this hero killer is someone
who kills multiple people and they are
basically a psychopath on that if you if
you saw him on street you might not ever
know anything they they look very sane
on the outside but inside that twisted
little buggers alright we're gonna be
starting off with John Wayne Gacy and he
was a clown he was a clown I mean he was
known as the killer clown back in 1968
he went to jail for sexually assaulting
two young boys
vii jail for about almost 10 years once
he was in jail he behaved very well
which led to him actually being released
after just 18 months he came out from
jail he remarried and then they divorced
because his wife found out that he was
gay so they broke up he was so liked to
dress up as a clown and appear at random
child's birthday parties and everyone in
the neighborhood loved him because he
was like this friendly character he's a
businessman everyone was into him until
this is where it gets fucked so there is
a time period from when he's released
from jail and six years to when he got
reacted in that time when he was doing
play on staff and kids parties when is
funny arrested he was found to murdered
thirty three young boys 33 and buried
them in his back garden it wasn't it
wasn't just like buttoned young boys
from from like child's parties that was
kind of just waited does his job he
would lure hitchhikers prostitutes just
young people in general into his car he
would then torture rape and then murder
them twisted fucked up lil clown he
later went on to be executed in 1994 for
what happened next on our list is Jerry
Tom Jerry Dan MA who has seen as one of
the scariest u.s. serial killers to have
lived
he killed 17 young boys again and often
those cases involve rape torture sexual
abuse few people actually managed to
escape when they were in his area of
whatever the fuck he was doing to those
boys someone managed to actually escape
and he was only caught because one
person who escaped ran into the road
flagged down a police car and then they
went in and found out that it was
killing people but what he was also
doing which is really really really
really weird he wanted a mindless sex
slave so he wanted to drill hole through
a living person's brain so they were
then mindless he would also sometimes
eat the people yeah cannibalism just eat
them after they were dead
see he went to jail but he was actually
killed in jail he's been to death by
someone inside Ted Bundy now the u.s.
good-looking charismatic think
businessman as well this fucker
kidnapped murdered 33 women it was for
four years or years okay so how he did
it
sometimes he pretended to be disabled
sometimes he pretended to be someone of
intent somewhere in uniform someone who
can order people to do something other
times he'd just break into people's
house and blunder them to death in the
middle of the night just like that he
also once they were dead chopped off
parts of their bodies to keep in his
house as is his mantelpiece and also
raped someone laughs they're dead and
just disgusting things Gary Ridgway
known as the Green River Killer
strangled 71 women over the course 10
years between 1970 and 1980 71 women how
does this happen
how can someone kill 70 people without
being caught by police that's what
baffles me how does that happen
he was arrested because DNA finally
linked him to someone they'd found on
the bodies
he was caught through DNA in that time I
think it just come through DNA then so
it's very early days and it managed to
trace him to some of the bodies he would
often usually go for prostitutes and he
would earn their trust because he would
show them a picture of his son as if
that's like hey yet trust me show me
picture his son and strangle him to
death he's actually still alive and
serving his time in prison now all right
the next guy Ed Gein Ed Gein isn't so
much a serial killer but he's just a
messed up little fella and if any of you
have watched Bates Motel I have
absolutely loved the show he was based
off of Norman Bates well Norman Bates
was based on for him his character
somebody what he did he was accused of
killing his brother they can never prove
her then his mother died only thing he
killed his mother his mother died he
went to cemeteries and started to dig up
ed people's graves of people that and
people that would look like his mum he
would take them back to his house and
dress them up in his mum's stuff make
them look like his mum that
so freakin weird but if you've watched
Bates Motel you know look man oh wait
but the weird thing is he didn't just
like to rest the women up in his mum's
clothes he cut their skin off and
created one woman out of all of this
skin I'm just gonna read off a list of
what police found human noses volve a
skulls made into balls skin masks human
heads in sacks lamps and chairs are
posted in human flesh organs in the
refrigerator and a belt made of human
nipples mm-hmm he was arrested in 1957
and was declared insane to spent the
rest of his time in a mental hospital
okay we don't have an age that this
happened but this is one of the most
prolific serial killers to ever live
especially in the United States his name
is Henry Henry Henry Lee Lucas
he killed 350 people in a space of 10
years again I how three that's literally
like killing that's like killing one
person a week
yo how uh over the course of over those
20 years not 10 years sorry 20 years so
one every couple of weeks we can week
off tap that he actually killed his
mother before all of that and he went to
jail for ten years got released because
the prison was overcrowded and then went
on to do all that so that's a cool okay
next we're gonna look at a female serial
killer which is rare in terms of serial
killers I don't know why just seems to
be a lot more men that serial killers
than women I'm gonna I'm just looking at
her name's haunt browser a Aileen
woo-woo or not were honest she was a
prostitute and killed seven men she had
a bit of a troubled upbringing
apparently and she was had a paver
inches 15 and she also had a sexual
incestuous relationship with her brother
so lots of things going on in her
defense can I say in her defense her
reasoning for killing these people was
that she was the men she killed she
killed them because they were being very
aggressive with her
and yada yada yada that's our story
obviously she still got accused of
killing the man she went to jail and she
injects she got killed by a lethal
injection
I'm a Richard Trenton chase nicknamed
the vampire of Sacramento and that is
because why do you think he would infer
it so killed six people he ate he ate
parts of them he drank their blood but
he just casually drank their blood all
of that happened in a month
he actually spent some time in a mental
hospital because he was found devouring
raw animals but also blending animals
into milkshake raw with coke okay so
yeah he murdered six people in a month
it was actually caught cause he murdered
a whole family he wasn't murdered two
young people bathed in their blood and
then had sex with him off and ate their
organs so Andrei Chikatilo
he's from Ukraine young if Ukrainian and
he killed 50 tall women and children I'm
gonna stop talking like that now because
today is all about information it's not
about being funny it's just information
so he first killed a nine year old girl
and then he realized he could only
achieve sexual satisfaction from killing
and slashing women's throats last but
not least Dennis Rader
Raydor Dennis Rader killed ten people in
the Kansas area he was known as the BTK
killer more BTK still killer blind
torture kill and what he was he did was
send detailed letters of his killings
and the things that he was doing to
media outlets that's eventually what we
got him caught but like after each
killing he would write out a detailed
letter and send it to media outlets
right after he kidnapped them he'd blind
them and strangle them wait for him to
wake up and keep on doing that so they
were almost dying but not dying what
free he's still in jail serving life but
he got caught because he remembered
floppy disk I don't know if some of you
remember floppy disk is before you had
memory cards and stuff on what he sent
the media they managed to recover
deleted file on there which he deleted
and that gave him photos Church where he
was a member and they caught him through
dnae dala he's in jail seven
good well ladies gentlemen boys and
girls that wraps up the top ten worst
serial killers in this world I hope you
have enjoyed it I hope you like these
informative slightly more information in
the videos I really enjoy I find it
fascinating so if there's any topics
you'd like me to talk about or look into
or share info on then let me know in the
comments give it a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and I'll see you tomorrow of
another video okay wait wait
