hello beautiful sexy people I'm at
VidCon right now filming this video I've
lit literally just woken up so hence why
I'm hairs probably it will open the shop
my 30 sounds a bit funny because I've
still got a bit of a cough and I have to
talk about the lighting I can see it
here
the Sun is just beaming through the
window and I've had to put like this
curtain over but it's kind of got lines
on my face so you guys know we just work
with the lighting on this channel ok
anyway today we're playing guess the
youtuber by their outro oh there's a
feeling though can you see that yeah
yeah yeah but other than that I hope you
enjoyed video if you did give me a
thumbs up Cheers
goodbye grace Helbig yeah
oh you're gonna be good at this because
it's Alfie sleepyboys he's like no and I
just want to say in advance because I
know what you're gonna be like thank you
so much for the love and the sport I'll
catch you tomorrow
you're doing very well yeah free are
free you ready yep
anyway guys I appreciate three and dude
it's their voice come on yeah I did not
think you'd be this good anyway guys I
appreciate you and we'll be seeing you
next time thanks guys so it's not even
ours this is guest YouTube by their
voice yeah it's the edge of that video
but I guess it is more just a bear this
game I love you very much and I'll see
you again bracing bye
amazingphil hey yeah
Penny's whispering that was well played
oh my ha ha you're not me I'm one so
just sit back okay but thank you guys so
much for watching I'll see you guys
Tyler
no but now you stopped it I just rewind
it a little bit very again
I'll play again why can't you put it
longer than that because you get it it's
a boy is a boy yeah I'll see tomorrow
because no Joey no play the whole player
so you going wrong okay
go alone and what I do know is that I
will see you tomorrow because it's every
day I was Tania oh yeah last one oh okay
I have two little pieces of my heart I
will see you in the bathroom I'll see
you guys mom bye
so you got 910 so you didn't even play
the whole clip of the other one so
essentially a 10 if you got tower yeah
oh yeah that is all I have for you guys
today I hope you enjoyed it
maybe the video is a little bit short
yeah I'm gonna be filming a bunch of
more videos here light-dependent I can
see the Sun it's like going this way and
I'm hoping when it goes I can then just
open the window and film normally yeah
look out for those videos but other than
that thanks for watching and I'll see
you guys tomorrow ever know one good
bite
