well you actually brought to my
attention what Kanye West said recently
about the way Twitter and Facebook and
pretty much all social media works with
the metrics at the moment
we measure our profiles and everything
by likes subscribers followers where
Sony we measure our profiles its how
what's how the world business on social
media runs in terms of validation but in
terms of monetizing that as well it's
all through which the monetization thing
makes sense because you need to be paid
for what your reach and all that kind of
thing but it's all revolved around
displayed figures exactly and he's
suggesting that if we took fat away it
would make everyone much happier he's
like yo have you ever thought about the
ability to turn it off so you can choose
it you Matt vine you can go oh you know
I'm gonna hide how many likes and
followers I have I didn't over so it's
an individual thing it's not oh you have
the option though you have the option
okay yeah that makes it worse though my
opinion really yeah because then it's
it's like oh you have yours turned on
what do you think you're doing or people
go to turn danza oh you clearly don't
have any why have you got yours turned
off but it's only a voice I I think
tonight the whole of social media for
many years has been built on that I
think if all the platforms were to go
 you actually were turning
everything off a lot of that would cause
I may have of course it would and it's
never gonna happen no if you were
applying this to YouTube how do you
think it would change so if nobody had
their subscriber count' on there or
likes and it's just people uploading
things how would it work because it
would change the algorithms and things
but would it also change the way people
think about YouTube and how they upload
yeah said you know what at first I
thought yes this would change it would
change clickbait it would change you
might see a real purity and not drive
but people really caring about the stuff
they are posting again that was my first
thought with it but then in Reverse to
that if you're taking away the likes and
the views and stuff you're not removing
them they still have those views than
those
you still equate money on the back end
so that creator is still gonna want to
get the most out of their audience and I
kind of backtracked on myself in that
respect so you don't think anything will
change because because there's money
linked to Vernon is making a living it's
always gonna be well it may not be likes
and views that drive anymore whatever it
ends up being people are still just
going to try and maximize that whatever
it is exactly yeah yeah YouTube was
pushing that type of content you know
whatever was clickbait it and whatever
was trending at that time in the last
sort of an a year to a year and a half
was always clickbait ii ish thing yes
yeah and I think a YouTube audience as a
whole got really pissed off with people
clickbait in yeah I think you're right
we hit the we did hit it and now it's
 sunk yeah people accept it
anymore so even on some of the videos
we've done if it's not and you're quite
good because it's normally me who's like
let's call it this that's what we called
the sweaty youtuber yeah exactly and
even on the videos where maybe we've
tipped over into being a bit clickbait
to you but people notice straight away
yeah and let themselves be heard by
disliking it yeah I also think
personally for us it's more of a like
the whole self awareness thing again and
being back - sure yeah you can earn
money more money from getting more
clicks but if someone clicks and then
they quickly realize what you're doing
is not what you've said you're doing
yeah that's gonna push them away from
having trust in you and wanting to come
back to your regular content so let's
just get rid of that totally and just
build a lovely organic community that
just loves coming back to the videos
every day I think what is stopping us
from being our real selves on social
media like what is desire to do you
think do you think is I think it's the
ego I think it's us I don't think that's
agreed I think it's a mixture of the two
yeah I think it's when you put yourself
out there for anyone to see
you're always
to be more precious about what you're
doing and what you're portraying you're
not as real I such a bigger discussion
of what part of you do you want to post
publicly for everyone to be able to see
and critique and like we suggest there
you're never gonna put up and having
millions of followers or not most the
time if you've got two options you've
got our happy couple picture on your
wedding day or you and you and Gemma are
having a barn in your like one minute
couple girls like we do argue it's just
what yeah I don't think I've ever seen
that online before yeah like in video
I've seen obviously as the there's the
classic kind of YouTube trope of having
a bad day video people cry and cry and
whatever that's fine I've never seen it
with relationships ever mmm I've never
seen that I'll be offending of you out
there half of it be intrigued to see
them because I would wonder what that
looks like can't imagine it's very nice
but the same because think about in your
close group of friends and family how
many people do you really open up to
yeah you know how are you yeah I'm good
how are you really yeah which we should
be asking our close friends and family
more and trying to find out more about
but I've got so many thoughts in my head
is it like the human nature of us to be
like look I'm actually my life is really
good there isn't well there's a reason
that you kind of unravel yourself when
you're when we were driving back from
Brighton and we were both having quite a
intense conversation about you know just
our lives and stuff what we've been
doing and going through whatever you
wouldn't do that normally because we
have these layers we have layers that
you have to peel back and you only
really do that I think when you spend
like time on people yeah exactly because
you're conditioned to keep it all in and
I think that's a part of why people do
have problems sometimes I get stressed
because you couldn't if you've got no
one to talk to about these things it's
just still bottling up it's a I mean
yeah that's why it's so important to
talk to people but it's weird like on
social media is like our brains
capability
there's always that thing isn't it that
we only use 1% of our brain I think it's
one so she was it 20% oh that's quite
good I'll take that well I would make
the argument that we do the same on
social media we only really share about
20% of who we actually are across social
media
I think 20% so push if you follow
someone and you've never met them and
you build up an image of what they are I
think if you even met them that would
shatter it I don't think that you you
don't know what people are like do
because of the layers and because of all
of that and I don't know why that is on
social media I've once had the thought
maybe if I went completely private and
everything maybe I would I don't know
but in the in the bigger more open what
on social media I don't know but then
you're still being open with people on
there to be judged but then you always
judge done it why don't you do on
Facebook in all honesty if the people
your friends have on Facebook I do the
same and always like posting stuff about
that I'd be like unless you've got such
a close community on those social media
platforms there's a few people I know
like YouTube's and stuff who have
created proper private accounts and they
have like 20 people on there and because
there I just I just want to share more
photos without thinking of having a
pressure put on it I don't know it's my
friend to many people but around when we
posting things on social media why we're
posting half a time I think it's because
we're letting people know what we're
doing and we said this every day I think
when you're happy you're posting more
and you want you want people to know
that you're happy but what's your theory
I don't know because we're just posing
the question I'm posing the question
thinking about it myself and as I'm
figuring out and having a better
direction of like my brand what you want
what I want to do with that I try and
post around that so like taking
Instagram if we're talking about
Instagram because Instagram is such a
this is my life type of thing especially
your stories but with posts I'm trying
to move more into the fashion stuff
because that's what one passion of
attitude I want to do something with
that
rather than like today
no I think it makes sense because
fashion is like it lives on there
doesn't it Instagram it kind of fries
its industry I don't know but then you
could say Instagram just started as a
place to share photos of what you're
doing so is that well I find crazy about
social media is that we're cataloging
things and then I mean this is for
another podcast probably not our podcast
but where you're cataloging things so
that the government have they know so
much about us and it's for advertisers
the film we went and saw the other night
simple favor Gemma has seen a trailer
for that like 10 times I'd never heard
of it
don't you think that's crazy how things
are Taylor toward you based on your what
you're liking on Instagram what you're
liking on Facebook yeah what you're
tweeting about it all these kind of
hidden things that we don't think about
when we're putting ourselves out there
it's all just a marketing tool that is
all social media really is I think was
it's not just that is when your whatever
website you go on that is tracked back
to you with cookies you're constantly
being tracked so these places can serve
those specific advertisements to you but
I mean this is yeah it's black mirror
sort of what are we allowing people in
who's looking at that stuff it's all
goes into data and it's crazy that and
I've got a very base I'm not saying you
know I know loads about data what you
can do with data what someone could go
through your social media and the
information they can extract to
basically create a version of you with
all the things you like that's how these
things work because then that's how they
use that as an advertising case
you
