no what's up beautiful people how's it
going with we weren't pink today pink
because you stink that actually goes in
line with this video because this is try
not to cringe and it's who so on
stand-up comedians something I would
never attempt to do long cuz I'm clearly
not funny enough and to because I just
don't have the balls to try and crack
jokes in front of me right stand-up
comedian you bassy have to think you're
the funniest person in the world because
if you don't think you're funny like
it's just a weird concept isn't it so
today is try not to cringe is stand-up
comedian here we go oh I feel really bad
for your we start you can outrun your
parents come out of the factory you've
figured out but you could not outrun
your pants so I'm running fast in the
black hair the soul you see on right
away it's throwing them up no I don't I
don't that's just a dog what means to
say oh I just want something
I'm saved you're a guy but a fucking
blonde so he's not only homophobic he's
a loose loose excess whatever your
fucking blood is this like how comedy
insane like middle America works story
sorry how he meets a girl and then
everyone just rinses him right you may
go on he thinks biceps meaning you get
girls how can you continue how sorry
just start like gap stage clearly your
shit no one likes you like does he get
off that stage and he's like yeah I
smashed it just terrible crowd like they
just really weren't that good I was
again on her stage sing him I should
probably try something else
they clearly wanting everyone to laugh
and it's just absolute silence whatever
you know what no thanks but since it's
my last night you're gayer than a
fucking Spade your career than the $3
billion fucking a birdsville why do
people why that people still making like
gay gay jokes you'll get what do you say
your queerer than a $3 bill just give up
but you know it's cool
because he's way too fat for me new
don't really know it's so much money
because rack is just so much funnier I
am cringing and hard so hard at this
guy's all four attempts of joke okay Wow
good one he's like he's trying to be
smart like I don't have a girl and he's
taking the piss out of people saying
you're gonna fuck him in the toilet
Ernie's like then we can all just join
in fuck him I don't I think they're
crapping at your awkwardness mate
looking for a golf ball in g-spot I
gotta spend 20 minutes looking for a
fucking golf ball
and that's a way to like win the crowd
back just to keep abusing them like just
literally keep saying yeah fuck you guys
fucking piece of shit right oh so when
he's written us out you can he's like
expecting
he's pause in moments hoping that people
are gonna go I was just like right okay
oh my god dude you don't feel not funny
you don't stand say women fucking suck
target no I'm saying he's kind of funny
though he's like been doing it for 27
years
okay did you go swimming today okay
did you lose your keys yeah you're not
gonna hurt my feelings
jokes are like just fat shaming or just
being sexist nice but not even like
people can joke about that in a funny
way he's just the most unfunny thing
I've ever seen in my life don't ruin the
set you're doing good holy shit a woman
with intelligence go figure
my hey you built the RO systems in this
country men hobos skyscrapers in this
building man I love the Stars
in this fucking place like smile your
seats probably fucking soggy because you
do comedy yeah I have a like a couple
careers going on yes yes supporting real
comics I didn't know you were gonna be
here jokes work she does know it's a
this set it's priceless invaluable
I can't put a price on what's going on
right now don't be angry do you just
have a good time you're a comedy no
seriously are you in comedy you know
what regardless you're gonna die before
me you fat fucking asshole so fuck you
take my stage presence you fucking
douche bag I hope you rot in hell after
the rapture and fucking choke on your
own huh good closer
oh well there's the most paper way I
ever had to sit fruit in my life ah like
I wanted to cry sorry this hot kinda if
game start tried stand up Oh God
I fit I kind of saw ever I'm just so
dumb but like yes you got be put in your
place sometimes well anyway I hope you
enjoyed that video maybe you got some
laughs out of how awful those people
were use the video a thumbs up if you
did and I'll see you guys tomorrow
moving on video alright peace out bye
