I'm back yo yo I'm back in savage Mount
Hood savage ham when it that's what I've
got
hello beautiful sexy people welcome
today to a highly requested video based
on the last week's video which was
watching that stupid challenge of people
economists accord that get dumb Chuck
get ugly challenge don't judge me
challenge and all comments like please
do girls person please do girl's version
so we found the girl's version and we're
gonna watch it and see what amazing
treat things they're doing headphones
are in Savage Marcus is out I'll kill
you they're really young I'm just like
oh that's cute you're gonna regret that
when you're older first thing can I just
say like what I didn't say it in the
last video one of the reasons why this
challenge pissed me off so much is
because everyone assumes that having
freckles or thick eyebrows and glasses
makes you ugly like get real with in
2017 people don't be so judgmental of
people's looks although I'm completely
doing it myself it's also ironic isn't
it it's called the don't judge me
challenge I don't think you've been more
judged in your life well girls what can
slay that
go on just in case you haven't already
put your hair behind your ear keep doing
it you know keep stroking that bit of
hair keep doing that because that is
good nice sexy eyes very annoying music
turning down with 2n is nowhere near as
cringe as the boys first but is still
like that
it's look fucking weird laughing it's
nothing's funny you're not laughing out
of it can they like move their faces at
all it looks like they've got so much
plastic surgery in that face
well touches the MV can you madam LLL
see you read it but back at dick yeah
that's slow-mo look in there come again
out slow morning a minute ready slow-mo
well touches the MV can you battles CLE
but like a dick it feels with the girls
it's more about the panting you know the
old and I'm like doing this thing with
your lips where they're not open they're
not closed it's like you're trying to
blow air through them but you're a
little bit like constipated and
concentrated on try but at the same time
like that's what looks a bit like this
challenge that way we hate this song
I've just never seen more awkward videos
in my life with that just staring at the
camera what the fuck you doing
who's why are you doing that just I just
don't get it I want to be like one of
these cool kids
what are you doing literally looks like
she just robbed a cell phone this is
weird I think you've got a bit too much
lipstick on it kind of goes like out of
your lips a bit
okay so the guys have their way to be
sexy the girls aren't quite as cringe I
feel but it's just it's like this hair
grab like they have long hair ever see
so it's just like crunching the hair
what what is crunching a hair got to do
with I mean what is this challenge in
the first place we already know that
this challenge is a load of
what was that lick there my laptop this
is so annoying these girls aren't as
young as I thought this was when I
started I thought I was gonna be like 8
year olds and so these are like 16 17 18
and the other one is definitely well
annoyed that she's in front of the
camera more than her so she's like
looking at like oh yeah
bopping so awkwardly look at the way
she's moving like with the boys they
were giving like doing things a bit more
whereas the girls are just like staring
into your soul doing nothing other than
it's a bit freaky
we got a lot of different expressions in
there didn't you
I'm done I'm sorry I'm so over this
challenge I never want to see another
one of those things again in my life
like I said that for me is nowhere near
as I mean no it's very it frustrating to
watch still but it's not as bad as the
boys ones I must admit but I still just
like what what are you doing you
narcissistic annoying people so yeah
there we go Randy Marcus's over for
today if you enjoyed the video give it a
thumbs up and I see you guys tomorrow
over no one back
