are you ready to learn some German yeah
I don't know amaz hello solution Hali
hello - even mine Aleve liebe still need
to figure that one out
welcome back to a becoming German series
if this is the first time you're
watching it I would maybe recommend
going watching my previous ones but this
is all about my journey on becoming a
German speaker hopefully yeah I would
say I've been actively learning German
for about four to six months now I go
through phases sometimes I actively
learn it more than others particularly
if I'm in Germany sounds stupid say it
but that is the easiest place to learn
it when I'm living in Berlin when I'm
immersing myself in their culture as
much as I can even though they speak
very good English in Berlin the whole
reason I'm learning German is I mean my
girlfriend's German but her family don't
speak a single word of English so I
would love to be able to have a
conversation with my family obviously I
think it's rather embarrassing that the
English nation are terrible at languages
as a whole I think learning a language
is great to keep your mind active
because it's really freaking hard it's
really nice to put some time aside and
put some work in something and then be
rewarded for it when you can actually do
something that you've been practicing
when you have those it's like a little
pat on your back like yeah carry on
Marcus you can do it yeah so I've got a
few different things lined up for this
video I want to bring a bit more
structure into it and I have a lot of
you asking me what apps do I use what
different platforms I used to learn the
languages so yeah the app that I use to
help learn mainly when I'm not in
Germany so when I'm in England and I'm
trying to carry on progressing I use
this app I try to do 20 minutes every
day and I can't stress how important it
is if you are going to learn a language
or want to learn language to try and
stick to an everyday routine it makes it
so much easier
you learn everything so much faster
Babel has helped me to understand and
learn the things that I genuinely need
to know rather than like there is a cow
and it likes milk when am I ever gonna
need to know that you know it helped me
of actual genuine conversation and
moments where you find yourself in
real-life situations and that's what I
like about it there's a lot of variety
within the app there's grammar
there's capillary there's listening
there's speaking you got everything in
there and I'm just gonna show you on a
screen record on my phone how many
different courses there are so I mean I
am up to beginners course through each
lesson I would say roughly takes about
20 minutes sometimes there's a short
lesson which is up more on pronunciation
or numbers the majority of them take
about 20 minutes you have part one you
have part two and then you have a review
of that another error of the app which
really likes the review thing now this
is really good because everything you've
learnt so far in the app it kind of
chooses ten random things and test you
on them so depending how well you
remember a lot of the previous stuff
will depend on how well you do and your
children question mark and or kinder
husband and wife I remember husband at
all and
efj how is it like I was close see like
boyfriend and girlfriend this is point
Freund on Freund fineglyn I thought it's
foreign land it's annoying
Freund in so yeah that is one element of
how I like to learn a language Babel is
made up of lots of different language
experts from all over the world hence
why I think they really make it
beneficial for learning the things you
actually need to learn it's also
available on desktop Android and iOS
devices and if you're interested I have
a little deal for you I basically have a
50% discount so you can pay for a
three-month period but essentially
you're gonna get it for six months so
rather than paying for six months
outright you pay for three months but
you get it for six months
that's your 50% off it comes to roughly
21 pounds but it differs depending on
where you are in the world so leave more
information in the downbar if you're
interested cool so now onto another test
I would ask you guys on Twitter to tweet
me some very simple basic questions
obviously in German and I will try my
best to answer them but I just want to
lay this out on the table first that I
think I will understand a lot of the
questions and be able to sort of
translate those into English but what I
will struggle with is responding in
German just as a heads up because that's
what I find hard I'm finding that I
understand more and more in German
especially if it's around basic topics
saying that again made me realize how
far do have to go with the learning
progress is I went to another event in
Germany the other day a proper sort of
sit-down dinner event and it was a kind
of a four-hour presentation show etc and
the whole thing was in German and I
honestly understood about three or four
percent of it I can probably sit around
the table with a bunch of four-year-olds
and have a conversation with them but
adults I'm not there yet so I've got
over 300 questions here I've been say
I'm just gonna scroll through them I
bliley big German youtuber we both won a
competition years ago haven't seen him
in literally about seven years we grow
space to think means how big are you how
tall you
it's been ah it's been nine hundred
Zechs and oxy said I don't know what you
call centimeters in German Vasa Stein
Liebling stat in Deutschland Marcus I'm
gonna translate it first what is my
favorite city in Germany my see I don't
even really know in salt they finally
burst at in Deutschland this Berlin
probably not right
Magda brat first mmm-hmm get so so that
was do I like brat first and I said it's
okay
drinks do gana Berlin moved something to
do have drinking and lift
that's like air isn't it I don't know
what this means
drinks to gana Berliner lift I don't
know what that means
Kent's to decimal Wow Wow
okay they're asking me to say a very
hard word in German cans to dust wort
volution else bream that's what I mean I
know what they trying to say it and they
want me to say I definitely can't say
that because so many words in German I
just you have like four words and you
just mash them into one sentence for fun
strikes out she and Liam no can't do
Marcus
vas is do and Lipstein ven do in
Deutschland best Marcus what what am i
loving when I'm in Germany ich liebe
Steffi math s dish bass dude learnin
because I think that's like what am i
spaz is like fun what am i enjoying
learning German is it that Oh
do you enjoy learning German a go I
can't that German it's like I love hate
relationship because one minute you feel
like you're really getting somewhere and
then you can just be thrown straight
away with something you don't understand
and it's really frustrating so it is
definitely a love-hate relationship
Horst do gurnard each music venya ven
vas I think they say do I listen to
German music
or have I listened to your music if yes
who or you know when I do it she like a
little bit of German music my favorite
artist is crow he's kind of like a
rapper and his song true
oh they're blab Andrew oh they're black
but always staying true or we stayed
true you know that actually helped me
learn that so that's one angle to try to
bring into the learning you get to steer
it's been there good danke ABBA
ich bin ein bisschen muda there we go
that was how are you I'm very good thank
you just a bit tired the oft guests do
am Deutschland II get hurt Doolin it get
hurt which hland mmm Vimal boom mum I
tried to say I go to Germany two times a
month
roughly it would help to know how to say
these things by the way in the coins
please be nice to me don't be mean mags
do pizza
that's right isn't it by the way I love
pizza
because in German the verb comes at the
end you use the infinitive right so it's
like if leave a pizza Essen I don't go
ich liebe pizza s er right
the langit is stone doodle side I don't
think I want to know what doodles that
means I hope it doesn't mean France
that's what I'm saying Mike's do
Stephie's funda yeah it's liebe Steffi
Stephie's funda z hi son Misha and Lisi
and Z and how to say they are Z they all
want to sell out there I don't know how
to say that Vasquez do Bessa
do each Breton ordered which Sriman what
can I do better speak German or right
gentlemen
I mean it's a close one but speak a
little bit better than right but I'm
still terrible speaking just as you can
see from this understanding I'm like
pretty good with understanding it's just
the speaking I find so hard Vasa Steinle
blink Roush to consume Essen ha was my
favorite thing to eat for breakfast for
fruit syrup ich mag iya iya order each
drinker and island
smoothie mid protein powder is powder
above mine I wanna know favorite
minor-league Liebling ever mine and
Liebling it's attached nuts say Apple
card oh I think it's a baccardo mint
port that was challenging but it's kind
of fun to interact with you guys and now
even though I've wanted to answer back
in German but I'm clearly nowhere near
that yet so yeah you can see it takes a
long time to learn a language
understanding it's going really well
writing speaking is a little bit harder
anyway I hope you enjoyed this video and
I will continue to update you on my
progress on becoming a little German boy
and we can all there and hang out and
speak German together because there's
lots of Germans who watch these so yeah
if liebe dich and I will see you soon
with a podcast video goodbye
