hello hello beautiful 60 people happy
Thursday I hope you're having a
wonderful day today's video is a try not
to get satisfied challenge
sounds a bit wrong if you're asking me
like trying to get satisfied we are we
talking what we're talking here like
lower half of my body or in my brain but
I don't know is there any structure to
this or lower half of the body or is it
the sort of brain mentalities brain
brain good good good ok 99.9% will fail
you know one thing I really missed being
away that that thing right there want to
get back on onto that didn't play the
whole time I was away because I didn't
have a piano just casually with me try
not to get sacked by challenge here we
go it's not really doing it for me I
mean it was cool I'm not like I'm turned
on that is so futuristic isn't it
it's not satisfy mix is spilling it
although the colors is quite satisfying
but or even is that is that paint that
looks cool okay that is nice to look at
Oh is so smooth and neat is so tight how
is that staying how is that not falling
off
well they're so perfect and smooth isn't
there like a phobia people have of
circular like tubes but I thought on
what is cooled but that's I think isn't
it when people are like scared of weird
people sketchy I just mass cake making
I'm already so fast but I look so wobbly
I just want to like lick it
what is that caramel d ue somebody what
is that I felt I'm gonna hypnotize
watching this
no are as nice those colors that is
proper galaxy oh it's giving me like
tingly sensations that was the best
thing I've seen that has satisfied me oh
well this this is insane this is getting
extreme now it is turning on level I'm
not sure about green milk and uh you
know whatever drink mares like white but
I wouldn't drink that it's cool though
it's again this again why is it I think
it might be paint but I'm not sure
I have always aspired to be able to
write like you as a very nice
handwriting there's just certainly
talented people in the world like how
can you be that talented in making it
cake smooth oh boy you messed up there
on how it did not mess up today what the
hell is that
I'm so confused what's going on here
so much effort for one biscuit that is
not worth all that effort oh my god this
back its back fit what is it do you
think it's paint solid other than slime
it's just love jeez
that is so pleasantly nice to watch
oh so delicately placed they get it so
perfectly to the top I won that but
whatever they as I want that was that
bath bomb is that I need they my life
lush do you do those kind of things I
think if I ever stopped in YouTube in
everything I will go into one of these
jobs and learn how to do all this cool
stuff honey is so weird
so so weird ah that hand looks like a
sims hand there's not like a real hand
all I'm thinking about is imagine
falling on that and your body going
through that I thought let's make me
feel funny that it's not making me
satisfied well there we go I think I was
satisfied at some stages throughout that
video more just at people's incredible
talents I wish they can can they teach
us those things in school right how -
I'd love to be able to meet things at
home Benny I hope you guys enjoyed the
video if you did make sure to give it a
thumbs up subscribe if you're new and I
will see you tomorrow with another video
all right goodbye bye bye bye
