Shane Dawson boom your favorite youtuber
Shane has released two parts so far of
the 8 part documentary the mind of Jake
pool what do you think Marcus Oh
brilliant just so bringing up like that
so obviously if you listen to the
previous episode of the podcast we kind
of spoke about it in anticipation what
to expect what angle he might yeah and
as of thus far two episodes in I am a
little disappointed and I mean I don't
have to tell anyone how much I love
Shane it's not personal anything just
the content yeah just people don't know
that because if you see you become a
hater for saying like it's not perfect
so I just want to clarify think before
what you get hey thank an elf you me no
of course I well I love Shane but I just
think that thus far it's been a little
bit long doubt we've had 90 minutes on
the mind of Jay Paul and that hasn't
really been well there's been none of
Jake episode 1 the reason why I was I
was because unfairly I know everything
that's happened to Jay Paul all of his
all of his contradictory moments all of
his highs and the lows I've been aware
of and so view so there's probably a lot
of people that don't know anything about
that so that was that was a good episode
in terms of bringing people into and
putting it into context wasn't it why
he's doing this series I guess because
even though Jake is huge on YouTube not
everyone knows Shane fans maybe don't
know who he is yeah so that was a good
sort of setting the scene and the
interview was interesting it was episode
2 that I was like what we what's going
on here like I understand he's he's met
with a therapist but I don't want to
come for the therapist but she just
didn't seem like you know they were just
reading out of a book what a sociopath
is so that's the angle is yeah that's
what we realized the
Episode II kind of mentioned it I wants
to explore sociopaths and now that is
being fully explored in Episode two with
a therapist what is a sociopath what's
yeah they were describing everything is
like a lesson in psychology almost so
what's empathy what's narcissism these
different things which we love learning
I guess that's the problem isn't it's
the balance between the two yeah it I
just thought it was a little long and I
feel like maybe the two of those
episodes could have been done in one
yeah I want I want Jay Paul I want him
sat down with Nick Crompton which I'm
sure is gonna come so he's already
teased that hasn't he what do you think
we were texting about it last night and
gossiping or anything but no it's quite
what let's put it into context how great
is it that we're even having this
conversation about Shane series like if
it was very like vital and important I
eat is blowing he's cancer vated the
YouTube he has absolutely everyone is
talking about he's talking about it who
knows anything about YouTube is hooked
and into it and something stuck with me
but you said and when we spoke about
Shane last time that why does he have to
make things that are perfect because
this clearly isn't perfect in my opinion
this is the I don't say the worst
because that sounds very harsh but it's
not been the most satisfying series so
far and I think I get what Shane's
trying to do because of my prediction is
that he's gonna come round and make the
case that you have to be a sociopath or
a form of sociopath to be a youtuber
that's where I think it's going but I
don't know it feels like a dissertation
and I didn't enjoy doing my dissertation
I feel like I'm watching one yeah it's a
weird one because they're talking you
know they're trying to have a serious
conversation about sociopaths and
disorders and then but it's also making
it entertaining by including the clips
of Jake doing crazy and there was text
over it being like I'm not insinuating
YouTube as a sociopath but then like
dramatic moment and
clip kind of insinuating that yeah you
are something that they're talking about
because he's saying for context but I
don't know it was it's a weird balance
as well because when you talk about
mental health understandably people are
very sensitive and I felt a bit uneasy
with it you know you're showing Jake
Poole next to these fictional murderers
like Norman Bates and stuff he's trying
to make it entertaining because yeah if
there's a static shot on the two of them
talking about these face of course it's
like what does of his conspiracy videos
that's editing style is very similar to
that but I think with mental health I
it's always a weird one trivializing it
isn't and that's what it feels like it's
doing at the moment at the moment but
maybe he has pre researched it and there
is something to come from this because
if he's if it turns out he's not a
sociopath for example and it's gonna be
really stupid I feel like he'd have to
know that going into that you can't just
start a series and be like I think he's
a sociopath well I don't know because
we're documentaries that's the risk you
take isn't it you look at the Louie
furry one on Scientology at the movie he
did he didn't really get anywhere
because they didn't play ball with him
though he didn't get into the inner
circles he didn't have any contacts
really and we've been talking about
doing a series where we would be trying
to find this particular person there's
no guarantees we'd be able to that's
true yeah I like the idea of having a
proposal and then will it happen or
won't it happen yeah but this particular
one I just feel like I said in the last
episode what is Shane gaining from this
it's so risky
I am so impatient as well I'm just like
I want Shane in that room with Jake with
Nick with Logan if he can with his
family asking him the questions that
everyone knows that he can and probably
is going to but part of the me being
impatient is sitting there like gone
isn't it interesting that with the way
you were talking about this earlier in
the meeting how the YouTube viewer is so
impatient so you know
that's why your youtuber isn't it you
know that people are impatient so you've
gotta cater to that well we've had like
90 minutes of content and we haven't met
Jake but it's still got like 20 million
views on to videos yeah but that's just
always Shane doing this it's amazing see
I'd love to know the wider viewpoint on
it because this is just you and me
talking about it we might be the odd
ones out and everyone else loves it and
everyone online is gonna be like shut
the fuck up you Bell end we knew this
was going to be polarizing but I think
the reason at the moment we're slightly
disappointed is that it's not polarizing
because it's shocking is polarizing
because we want it to get going yeah
that's true eager for it faster event
Shane's clever because he's keeping us
eager for it do you think Jake Paul's a
sociopath I don't like the idea that
we're suggesting this because it
trivializes it is such a complex thing
that you can't just diagnose it I mean
I'm not a therapist or anything I don't
know I could be talking completely
rubbish but to me that seems like a
bigger fight are you a narcissist like
you don't really know that and I don't
think other people should speculate
about it what do you think yeah I mean
your your answer is it is a great answer
one thing I had forgotten though is how
much of a bellend Jake poo is just from
the clips they have shown Jesus Christ
that's what he's building up there isn't
it building up or not some of the things
that were displayed I was like I forgot
he actually did that walking in a room
and suffocating someone who's living in
your house with blankets and ringing
alarm like what he doing I genuinely
forgot some of the things and shocking
no it is shocking like the trampoline in
the middle of the road yeah especially
when he has such a young audience
predominantly that is the influence he
has on that this is why Disney dropped
him is because he's the YouTube poster
boy what I think
pink ears I don't think you tuber their
life we love it be not from YouTube but
whereas in this country like so well as
the youtuber over there it's notable and
yes yeah so and he's setting this
example that you have to do the craziest
things to get views to be successful but
we've spoken about this before that's
not just him I think that's a whole
YouTube culture that has led up to that
definitely in there
I mentioned it earlier in a we're in a
meeting about youtuber burnout and
having to feel as a youtuber that if you
don't upload every single day you're
gonna be forgotten are you gonna miss
out or the only way you can grow and
become successful and maintain being
successful is daily uploads and if
everyone then goes cool I'm gonna upload
daily you if you're thinking right I
need I'm competing with every other
youtuber I have to stand out against
them how am I gonna stand out are just
you saying crazy if I'm doing saying
more crazy in the other person whoever
it's shocking whether it's what people
are gonna watch and then when other
people start doing that as well you're
just pushing pushing pushing
that's what Logan and Jake were doing
just pushing each other to the absolute
extremes and I think that's gonna be the
kind of go yeah
angles really interesting like in
episode one I I sometimes forget they're
brothers and when they were there and
Shane mentioned that about the
competitiveness you mentioned it as well
being a brother you do have that all
shit especially in a similar age you
have that close competition and those
guys clearly both athletes both been and
so they have that competitiveness and
their motive well they Logan was anyway
before he like kind of scaled down what
he was doing but they're motivated by
each other's success as well it's like
one does this well I'm gonna do that
yeah and I'm gonna do it better I'm
gonna be bigger exactly it's a shame
because if they if Shane had lost the
sociopath angle but said I want to look
at the whole YouTube culture I feel like
everyone would be more on board but once
you bring a mental disorder into things
it kind of muddies the water of it and
people do get really upset and
understandably so because I think he's
trying to do something really interest
with like you just said that YouTube
culture and all of that and basically
giving holding up a mirror and being
like this is what is getting successful
moment why is that and what do you need
to beaver that's Jake poop
