hello beautiful sexy people today I am
going to be sharing some private videos
with you we've done this with photos
we've started a little serious with the
photos where I go through and show you
some photos from my phone that no one's
ever seen before and that's a divot a
one you know videos so let's see what
secret videos I've got I hope I've got
on my phone I've got 1,250 videos now a
lot of that is because like I've logged
on my phone when I haven't had my camera
and stuff so might not be that many
exciting things but so first video six
seconds on first video on my phone for
May 2014 oh it's not that long ago three
years ago I was just broke really really
fast then wow that coffee is gone to me
this is when we did a tour and I think
I've just filmed it I was on the stage
let's have a look with our song playing
I don't know why I've got that but okay
oh my god why is this on my phone look
at my hair
why the fuck is this on my phone this is
really embarrassing
oh the bonsai tree pop the bonsai tree
r.i.p I've called it Bob this is Bob
everyone this one is living at home this
is Bob I was obviously vlogging but I do
not remember that so gosh this is when
madam was new r.i.p mouse oh he was such
a cute little cat
yeah isalways just film videos and not
do anything with those on my phone so
probably got loads of videos of me and
cats that's only meant to go and watch
one direction at Wembley and it just was
a massive mistake
because we went I think like knees Oh
Alfie Dan how Jo and we just went to
Wembley like sixty thousand people a lot
of people who watch One Direction then
watched our videos and did was it was
interesting
oh there we are Sano wet one day I have
to say I saw one direction at Wembley
and at the o2 I didn't think they're
very good at Wembley because not them
like just the atmosphere because I
thought it's too big and too open
whereas the o2 when it is all compact
like smashed it Oh slow
I mean Jim jumping off a tree
I think this is when slowmode just been
released on the iPhone and was testing
it out with Jim's face this is a man gym
where a Munich and went to a rally a
German bar
just our mental
so that was the start I think it got
like crazier this the first this is a
few years ago 2015 first ever 360 I've
got my snowboard someone was filming it
I've got I've got a lot better since
then guys don't worry but I remember
this so camo fired it's never a good
club when that song comes on is that oh
I was clearly loving life I was loving
life
what we de are encouraging okay these
videos from my V in that night out or
something on the way home is light which
is you know you know you've had a good
night if it's like when you're coming
home
Nate is asleep in the car I would say
that a long time
Max is very go very bright sure we've
had a few drinks as Dave it's better
than your bright yellow shirt me this is
my trip to our beef with the boys and
Dave would it are we did a big what's it
called fantasy football thing and that
the start we were like oh what's the
loser have to do and we knew anti beat
at the end of the year so we're like oh
the loser has to get waxed or something
and I don't even think Dave lost but I
was like I'm just gonna wax Dave's chest
anyway doesn't even have a hairy chest
Oh Dave oh that was one of my favorite
trips so sinabi fur manager again after
one of the nights out in the morning
Mexico no Nader's hit and watch
it's so annoyed oh here we go
recording on famous this is what the
process is like in the studio this voice
is quite good isn't it just quite good
and that rounds up as episode that's a
series on Episode one I've shown you my
old videos I've literally got so like
the next video on my phone is Alfie in
Greece but yeah let me guys know I can't
speak today let me know if you want to
see them give the video a thumbs up and
we'll make this a series as well so
hopefully you enjoyed it and I've seen
my own video all right love you guys
