hello beautiful sexy people I am Tiger
dead stop
pranks I've made a lot of videos about
pranks before actually not a lot of me
to videos about pranks before they go
wrong all the time
pranks they just always always go wrong
don't they well I'm gonna be watching
some pranks gone wrong so first up is
Adam salad logs I've never seen this guy
I just know about him when he got kicked
off the pain and his video went viral
and blah blah and then turned out that
he was like I don't know he's like a
public prank ER and he's done things on
planes when he's counted down from ten
before and like made a lot of funny
jokes like that on planes so the first
ones from him so let's see how this
forty million views though so shit lot
of views
killer Klown prank gone wrong I'm having
an amazing yes or no missing a you are
should be having an amazing happy day we
kids really cute today me and Mawson are
gonna pull a crazy prank on dreamer you
ready don't think he knows that dude
how old's this girl there we go
well she's bitch you got three you
conduit to free road you want to play a
game oh you're gonna have to do fuck I
said can put up you're not doing it
right
then really yes can you spell it again
I didn't told you to spell it I didn't
tell you spell it
just the cloud this poor girl's gonna be
terrified okay I mean she's probably
blessed they're gonna be terrified for
the rest of our life of clowns now so
poop on Lamborghini prank gone horribly
wrong we had a problem with Limbaugh
driver he she was a finger he was really
aggressive so we followed him here am I
the only person who's skeptical about
every prank like every prank I'm
watching in my head I'm like finding the
thing that makes it fake
I obviously obviously no pranks failures
no I'm saying but in my head it's like
this prank is think where can I find
proof that it's a fake hopefully it's
not what's that fucking taser
I believe that like what some used carry
a Taser with you oh let me just get your
tasered I don't know it's funny like is
is funny
maybe not but would someone have a Taser
like casually in their pocket ready to
use at any time that I don't know I
pranks gone wrong on that one that's one
that seems like it legitimately did go
wrong angry girlfriend throw his ps4 in
the pool prank gone wrong 21 million
views hey YouTube it's free boy Fritos
girlfriend jasmine is it a prank
pranking couple Fredo doesn't know what
he has in store for him I'm type all
these pranks that he's been doing on me
the cheating praying the still in the
car with me in it prank
Fredo has no idea that I got his cameras
he has no clue that I got shit set up at
the house when do they ever know that
cameras are set up in the house never do
they okay that's a double what's the
picture was the painting moving on the
wall that's a double on the game if he's
been on it all day
how is she got that cameras out there
recording all day funny I gotta eat
through the thing
fucking stop me if it are the know if it
was real I would think you'd get
straight out of the pool and go like
chase em yo we done that for like you if
you game a lot that would be really
really annoying oh don't tell me this
has got some house music to house music
cuts out my favorite bits that was legit
I understand his frustration I would be
very pissed at at two the only thing
that I'm like always that Roux is how
that like said I've been playing all day
and the cameras just like that but other
than that seems legit so well done guys
Congrats and that rounds up looking at
prank that's gone wrong so there's a lot
of pranks out there if you want me to
watch some more let me know what do you
guys think of the videos as well that's
what I'd like to know do you think
they're real do you think would you
think of pranks in general do you do you
have the same mindset that I have or do
you love pranks you hate pranks what do
you think about pranks but I hope you
enjoyed the video give it a thumbs up
and I'll see you tomorrow man I'm up
good bye
