Jake Paul Jay Paul Logan Paul any of the
pools that was pretty it wasn't it Logan
Paul Jake Jake Paul hey my guy isn't
just a segment dedicated to the fight
between those guys well we are good
YouTube fights YouTube fights boxing is
cool and youtubers are T yeah is that
the new intro yeah every time for
digital I'll just copy and paste that
over Thanks
Shane Dawson he's back on this podcast I
wish hello now he's revealed recently
the subject of his next documentary
that's worded nice so we've had tannic
on we've had graveyard girl had jeffree
star and now we've got Jake Paul baby
Logan Paul oh yeah it was very
controversial he's announced that Jake
poo is gonna be I think it's good inside
the mind of Jake pool yeah what are your
thoughts again well it's gonna be
fascinating
perfect I agree on that yep definitely
fascinating obviously I'm not the
biggest Jake Poehler he'd but you know
he he smashes it and has smashed it he's
absolutely came into the YouTube world
and dominated he's not the world
champion as well isn't it
after one fight that can we not
heavyweight champion of the world can we
not use that phrase you want to know
much a boxing fight yeah he did and yeah
he's obviously a very controversial
figure very controversial and I don't
think we need to go into details I think
most people have heard something about
him and if he hadn't just google it
because it's out there I told you about
my dream I just have to throw this in
didn't I text you I woke up about Logan
I was I had a dream I became best
friends with Logan and he was really
nice and down-to-earth and
he's on this like spiritual journey but
it is highly controversial for the
reasons we've just said you know look it
up as lots of things out there about
Jake and the thing is my issue here why
Shane doing this I feel like apart from
the few yeah it's going to get a ton of
uses of course it is but I feel as if
it's almost a no-win situation for him
because he's either going to go down the
route of showing another layer to Jake
and trying to not make people feel sorry
for him but like a sympathetic version
of Jake which will then buy in the ass
again when Jake ends up doing something
stupid or it's gonna go down the other
route of Jake is a bad guy look at this
bad guy oh my god what what an idiot
and then you thought well why what's the
point in this so I don't know what you
think about that I was just the to
process I think might happen so I think
there's a complete different angle where
it's gonna come from I think it will
touch on both those elements but I think
a main focus point will be like this is
a 21 year old kid or however old he is
who knows exactly what he's doing he's
got his together he's smart he's a
smart kid with a good business acumen
and he absolutely knows how to reward
promise yeah crazy internet world I
think that is gonna be the target of it
because he is he is that people people
forget like you can hate him all you
want and stuff but like I think you got
like 500 million views in a month he
gets hundreds of million views a month
he built team ten years team ten we will
make fun of team tennis stuff but he
built this whole organization and you
know I agree and I think you remember we
watched his um I don't know if it's
still going he had a business channel
where I had like advice and stuff yeah
those are my favorite videos of his
because like oh he's he's dropped for
character and he's just being like this
is a kid from Ohio giving out business
advice and it was genuinely stuff you
could use I think his whole I think Jake
Paul was my
people know him as a character mmm
that's my view like that's what I'm
predicting I think well I feel like
people who use that hide behind that
don't they I don't know it's just a
character no no no oh yeah oh yeah I
mean but he can hide behind that but at
the end of the day that's how people
know him so if he's people know him as a
part then stand over there and be like
oh I'm just a character like this is who
I really am people still be like okay
but you've still been massive Belen
there it's good that Shane is doing us
in the sense of he's taking risks I do
respect that I don't think Shane's
stupid enough or naive enough to think
I'm just gonna do this for views I think
he'll make something fascinating I think
he clearly will have an interesting
angle in it and I think well I'm
obviously a Shane fan so I'm like it's
gonna be amazing I don't think there's
that much reward for Shane here I think
he's got everything to lose whereas
Jake's got everything to gain from this
but that's because in your head you're
saying that he's gonna make Jake look
like a good person then how do you know
he's not gonna make something and it is
like this is the actual life of Jay Paul
surrenders you know we don't know I
think I'm too cynical I just I know Jake
it's just gonna be a PR stunt for him I
just don't feel like it is gonna be and
this brings me on to my next point
I wonder the subjects of his
documentaries I wonder if they ever say
in the final product that goes out
because they must film so much food I
wonder how that process is of deciding
what's gonna go up and what's not gonna
go up because they're not gonna agree to
go on if so he's gonna make them look
horrendous are they no but I think they
will I don't think the people are going
on him Jake and his team and people will
have editing controls and I just I don't
think Shane would allow that yeah I
think they would sign something that's
like hey when we're here we're gonna
film everything are you cool with that
because then it's it's just all out
there isn't it yeah what are you hoping
for from it I would like to see Jake
behind which we're going to behind his
channel on his channel he's loud he's
obnoxious
he's annoying he's in your face he's
arrogant I want to see who what does he
like what's he like to work with what's
he like running a business how does he
come up with its how to deal with hate
what was his real reaction when Disney
dropped him all of these things that
have happened in the public eye
how's he dealt with that how's he feel
about that how did he feel when Logan
the person who's closest to up I'm
sure that's gonna be touched upon I want
to say I think it's gonna be really well
I'm really intrigued there's a lot of
very controversial things that they can
touch but I wonder if Shane will be
brave enough to go over like say
obviously for Logan thing but also his
past Jake's past as well you know there
was a lot of rumors about bullying and
stuff in turn and all that kind of stuff
like the supposed well yet racism as
well so there's a lot there that could
be talked about yeah I wonder how much
will be talked about you know what would
be amazing if it was like ooh cars shown
sort of thing and it's it's a really
well-rounded documentary and you really
do get to feel who he is that's what I
think it will be if he's been yeah
everyone wins don't ya because I think
Shane's past just doing stuff for views
it'll be hard for him to make all the
stuff he's made and then be like Jay
Paul 10 million views but do you
know I mean it's it's true he's taken
that direction and he's leading this
generation of like creating longer form
more interesting content that people
engage with on a high level and he's
leading that so for him to then just be
like you know I don't know we can't
always but then we haunt maybe always
expect him to be making this game
changing content every time because then
that might be unrealistic yeah like the
stress and effort that goes into meet
those videos it was probably very high
yeah he doesn't need to he's not as if
he has to be doing this does it so yeah
but I respect him for putting this
pressure on him because now he's
announced this Jake Poole and he knows
two weeks into it what was it was that's
I knew it's gonna happen because it was
I don't know he tweeted about a couple
months ago to me say I would love to do
my next thing I'm Jake and Jake lighter
and I was like yes this is gonna be
amazing
so you don't agree with they hate them
because it has been a lot of hate
there's no yeah I've been a bit cynical
and think about me people actually like
upset and saying they're gonna
unsubscribe from Shane and all of this
because they're giving Jake poor
platform I just think if you if you come
in with that much hatred yeah a bit
closed-minded yeah like just get over it
like have your opinion on Jake of course
coming into it because of what you know
and what you've seen but if you're a fan
of Shane respect it and watch it then
make your decision don't jump to
conclusions don't sit there and go I saw
a tweet actually it was like oh this is
the hardest decision of my life because
I'm bigger Shane fan I just don't know
what to watch it it's like one house
like the hard decision if you like to
just yeah just watch it like if you have
that judgment after watching it yeah
fair enough but don't come for him
before that's why it's a staved minded I
mean I've just completely big job saying
it's gonna be amazing and then all it
like a twat if it it won't be no
it's Shane he has what I like about the
boy he's been like in the last 18 months
he does have that kind of quality edgy
and he has that edge he's never Shane's
been someone who's never scared to talk
about something ought to do he doesn't
think
oh I might not get Adsense on this video
he doesn't care about that he's never
cared about that I love Shane I love you
Shane
