hello yesterday no not yesterday super
last night soup pot was two nights ago I
didn't watch it
I didn't don't even know who played who
played do you know hey did the Falcons
win Aegis Patriots once I'm okay I know
Tom Brady Legend and it's still you guys
know every year they try and make the
Superbowl thing in the UK but it just
isn't really thing in the UK because
it's always too late by the time it
comes watching it and people in the UK
don't really understand American
football like I get it a little bit but
I don't really understand it anyway
around the Super Bowl is where people
release new adverts trailers for things
but and they will go viral and it's all
amazing so I haven't looked at anything
yet so I'm gonna like have a look I'll
tell you what I am very excited to look
at this this the strange things - they
say trailer probably they've probably
just done a quick little like is it too
late now to say sorry
mmmmmm here we go let's see what the old
stranger things cost of going store for
us
okay Halloween bloody ages away cool
looks interesting
looks like 11 is if everyone was like
it's 11 gonna be back she is she's
definitely gonna be in it because they
meet the views alright let's look at oh
my god 12 many of these lady gaga
did any of you guys see the petition to
get me ghost that was like I don't know
how many people signed a petition to get
me goes you know raindrops dropped ups
they do long one I've really aren't me
ghost
but to replace Lady Gaga and to be
honest with you I would have been well
up for that like don't give her own Lady
Gaga's cool and like blah blah but she's
a bit yeah it doesn't excite me when I
hear Lady Gaga know like I heard one
offend it's just my personal opinion
do you like Lady Gaga he's someone I was
having a conversation
literally I said some was like yeah but
she's late she's huge and I was like
this is what happened first album 16
million sales most recent album 170,000
sales Lady Gaga Gaga oh la la
she's very attached she's very tight I'm
live she's very good but not she hasn't
bought anything irrelevant but my TV's
though that is not a relevant
her voice is insane
like her talent is incredible and has
songwriting ability she's gonna do
something that old stuff oh my god what
just like him flying up on the ceiling
Oh Gauri oh here we go
I can hear it oh this was an absolute
chin ma ma ma I wanna hold him like it
do dammit that bees hope she's seeing
live
sounds love I could not do that I don't
mean as a performer and not shit myself
like she's so chilled she's like yeah
I'm couple hundred feet in the air but
doesn't matter and my man cameraman and
me am me and Matt oh that's weird
someone else holding the microphone
we've even played the piano there I
swear they're like though think she is
that looks incredible
it's crazy they're like we don't really
have anything like this in the UK that's
the production the lens that is
ridiculous is too ridiculous I hear we
got a new Budweiser ad 27 million views
you don't look like you're from around
all the hell is just come up there
abandon ship
beer for my friend please thank you the
next time this is to be a wee drink
about a day no sir
tapas Bush okay what people were saying
about this
what have immigrants done for the u.s. a
question mark founded Google AT&T eBay
Comcast Nordstrom Colgate Ellis loads
Steve Jobs father was an immigrant from
Syria interesting what's BAE 2017 Justin
Timberlake and Christopher Walken
I don't like it tough I just want to
tell you and that I've had enough if I
sound crazy but it ain't no lie baby bye
bye bye
I know I official sweetener Stephanie
chose me by that ad is for what even is
this drink
they've got Justin Timberlake
Christopher Walken in it BAE antioxidant
infusion I mean it's a very cool app
don't get me wrong but what do you like
Christopher Walken
yeah it's got a cool voice hasn't he
yeah I'm confused cuz I'm not I've never
that drink but I was a cool dad and
there we go that rounds up some of the
Super Bowl ads and entertainment I hope
you enjoyed this video
did you watch the Super Bowl you're into
the Super Bowl you bit like me he's like
yeah kind of like American football but
I don't really know much about it and
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and I'll see you tomorrow
with another one
goodbye
