hello there's me the person who likes to
wear the same color t-shirt as something
in the background to make me blend in
yay I'm back with a life update video
ooh ooh you know I think there was a bit
of an issue with the last life update
video made and that issue is that I
don't think I was very happy and I think
that came across very obviously in the
video and just wanted to say it was
basically not the right friend of mine
to film a video put it up different
person these days
I'm happy all the time never get sad I
basically have a lot of really exciting
things going on and that I feel like I
would like to share with you if you
would like to sit around and listen to
those things that I think you might find
slightly interesting firstly very very
very exciting I have my own snapchat
show is I have a have a show on snapchat
it's called Marcus moans it's on
snapchat it's on the discover page on
snapchat globally and yeah it's really
exciting we've only done two episodes so
far we being me and Matt and it's
something that kind of came out of
nowhere and it's just an opportunity
that we thought we should experiment
with and have a lot of fun with so yeah
the series is called Marcus moans the
slogan or catchphrase if you'd like to
call it is I moan so you don't have to a
and if any of yous watch my old videos
you can probably see a bit of that style
in there yeah we're just having fun
we're experimenting with it and it comes
out once a week every Thursday on the
snapchat discover page you have snapchat
just go check the discover page out
anytime on Thursday and you should see
this old face on there you can subscribe
to the channel you can also watch the
previous one so if you go and search
marcus moans or mark's button on
snapchat you will find it so check it
out number two I mark a spot that I've
got an official website yet waiting for
that crowd to cheer and go crazy for it
Marcus why did you decide to do a
website ha now that you ask if you guys
have sort of listened to more of the
recent videos we've done where I've done
sort of more in depth sit-down serious
topical videos you may be aware that I
have a few things I do around YouTube
obviously YouTube's like my baby and the
thing that started but since then I've
gone on to do lots of different things
and I thought I needed to create a
website that I can just have everything
in one place which I've done so and I've
made it all myself completely myself
with a company called Wix I actually
have a bit of a backstory with Wix which
is way before you should have been
around for a while way before YouTube
when I used to be a software salesman in
my previous job I actually made the
company website with Wix way back way
back then missus talk this is going how
many years ago seven years ago I think
this was and I made this website with
Wix then obviously never in a million
years did I think that I would get an
opportunity to work with Wix and create
my own website my own website like for
me but yeah I've created this website
and this is it as that's me as the head
of that is a big old picture of me it
was really simple to create this site
and quite fun like if you're a creative
person it's quite people can get
overwhelmed with websites and coding and
so that whereas Wix allows you to just
kind of drag and drop things and you can
see it in a mobile view see in a desktop
view which I found really helpful so
I've got a brown work section which I
thought is important just for maybe
other brands who I could potentially
work with just to showcase like the sort
of thing I've done if they want to get a
sort of feel for it there's a production
element who have fantasy essentially
means videos where there's some of what
I would call our best content sits on
there I probably say actually as well
the other thing with Wix which is really
helpful is they have a load of different
templates that can sort of get your site
so if you would go and create the
website and I mean you're a photographer
you're a wedding planner or an event
organizer there's sort of templates in
there for everything to give you a
starting point with your chef or even
you want to you're a blogger all these
different types of things I took one of
them to to use my start point and then
completely customized it from there I
got a podcast section where
we've got different graphics we got some
clips on the podcast this is cool got
stripped bare section because some
people don't really know that much about
strip bare in the music management
company that I set up a few years ago
and obviously the main focus of that is
Maisie Maisie Peter that talked about a
non-stop so you haven't heard me talk
about her where have you been I'm gonna
talk about her again later yeah there's
a whole section on her and strip there
and stuff like that
you got the classic about there he is
there a shop which is something that I
wanted to do as a curated shopping page
not of my merch and stuff mean who knows
in the future the shop is a curated
section from me of items that I just
liked in fashion right now from high
street to high-end to whatever there's
just a whole variety and now I'm gonna
be updating it so I don't know if you
ever need some inspiration or you want
to see what I'm liking then this is a
cool place to just have a look and yeah
you can select from here and go to the
website and yeah that's gonna be
something I'm gonna be experimenting
with so yeah that's kind of the base of
it really and Phil's professional to
have a website I've had websites before
but it's nice for me to completely
control it and make it myself this is
what the editing suite looks like as
well so it's not complicated coding like
a lot of people think it is take the
strip bare page one of my favorite
elements is adding in you can see these
different colors here it's very easy to
just add it in so you can add in like
these strips so you can take a strip in
and it just thing like this and then you
can also change your own picture you can
change the color change title hence
white like I said earlier is genuinely
really really easy to get yourself up
and running with a website so yeah if
you need a website if you ever thought
about it I recommend trying you can just
click the link in top-line Oh
description also you can just check my
slide out Marcus Butler okay don't you
Kay segue into podcasts the very
exciting surprise we have a podcast with
lower expectations now you should
definitely know what it is cuz we post
it all the time on this channel but our
podcast is now available on Spotify
which I don't know why but for me it
felt like a monumental moment I mean on
Spotify think it's because I use Spotify
every single day
and I feel like a lot of the audience
have always requested it to be on
Spotify so it's now it's qualify it's on
Apple podcast which is always been on so
if you don't have an Apple product then
you've been waiting for it to come out
you can go in listen on the old Spotify
yes only Acuto homes lots of you have
been saying where is the main channel
what's happened to the main channel who
am i who is Marcus Butler what what are
you doing with your life and you
probably have a right to ask all those
questions but I would like to say the
main channel is gonna be back in
business baby
just hitting the sofa emphasis on that
hello just slap the Saviour yep it
pumped yeah we actually filmed a sketch
with Stephie insert clip roll it okay
wait five minutes I just want to change
it to something more comfortable
what no please you look banging well I
don't know banging what kind of videos
it felt really nice to get back into
that mind frame of creating and acting
and you know just doing what I think I
started doing on YouTube so that felt
really nice and definitely something
that we're going to bring back regularly
I don't want to make any promises here
and there but what I think we had a chat
about and what we're gonna perhaps do is
almost do miniseries so we might come
out and do five videos in season one
they weren't all linked but just as like
his five videos in season one and then
have a little break I like refresh clear
our minds do some yoga and then move on
to season two and so forth so don't want
to break any promises but yeah it's
happening and I think the reason why I'm
really excited for it is because I now
have an office space which has honestly
been an absolute game changer it's a
weird one because for all the other
things have
done business-wise around this I
mentioned it in alpha this video I've
never had an office I've always had an
office for those other projects but I've
never had an office for like my core
thing and I've never committed to one
and I don't know why but now that I have
it's completely changed the mindset of
constantly working in your house
especially this might sound a bit weird
so when you're living and when we were
doing sketches and you know we're having
other people come around and film and
had props and everything up in my little
flat it's quite intense when everyone
then leaves and me being in that mind
space I wasn't in a great place that way
so yeah the office is very exciting it's
very scary having office space but it's
allowed us to bring the podcast into our
own and film the podcast uploader and
also try this with the sketches see what
happens with them your eyes pealed quick
sauce box mention if you've been a
subscriber for the shop for a long time
you'll know about Saucebox it's a
healthy subscription snack box company
that I found it about four years ago now
no idea where that time is gone but the
reason I'm telling you about it is well
that's the product anyway thank you
that's that's the sauce hogs its monthly
subscription box and we send healthy
snacks ship it to most place in Europe
and and obviously the UK why am I
telling you about it well in case you're
into some healthy snacks you want to
sign up and great you can do that but
I'm telling you because it's approaching
Christmas and December and we have our
Christmas box out which we do every year
it's our Christmas chocolate box bigger
and better than ever before this year
basically just get a load of chocolate
items already a couple you get a load of
shop rhymes in there and it's kind of
good value because if you're gonna go
out and buy all of them individually
you're gonna save yourself some money
we have deadlines on that box for Europe
it's the 7th of December and for the UK
it's the 13th of December so if you are
interested I'll put a link down there
my final mention Oh what an update video
this is what a big self promo this is
well not really self promo because I'm
gonna talk about Maisie Maisie Peters
which mentioned earlier the little
legend released her EP her first fish
EP it's very very exciting she's
currently on a European tour supporting
Tom Walker which is great Tom's an
amazing artist it's a great step amazed
e21 go on tour to support Tom three just
she's just great I could talk about all
the time follow me on Instagram and
stuff but her EP is out she is
absolutely killing it she has such an
exciting career and future ahead of her
and I introduced her to you guys
launched on this channel so that's why I
kind of keep updating you but the EP is
out you should go check it out and yeah
just continuing to support her in any
way you can I don't want for she to who
so obviously don't think that be if you
like a music great I I think a lot of
you will like and appreciate it think I
have pretty much that that is me selling
myself I've absolutely sold myself there
no like I said I'm genuinely in a really
great place at the moment I'm very happy
and content in what I'm doing and hence
why there's a lot of exciting stuff
happening and that's why I wanted to
inform you guys that because you know
this whole YouTube thing is a big old
roller coaster and you're all alone on
the journey with me I see it Marcus 6.0
we're on how long's this one gonna last
for never really there's a lot of
exciting stuff I'm glad you guys are
still following or watching in some sort
of capacity so thank you if you've come
along on this journey thank you if
you've evolved and changed and matured
as an individual with me without me well
done you're doing life probably gonna
end this videos I feel like I'm just
chatting for the sake of chatting
so yeah that's it see you soon goodbye
feel like I've used my thumb more times
than I've used it as an emoji
