you guys are like og youtubers do you
like in this space how do you feel it's
changed over the last kind of eight nine
years I mean we've talking about before
I feel like obviously the obvious thing
to say is you know when we started
YouTube it wasn't a job a lot of us I
guess it was a hop yeah it was a hobby I
didn't know that you could make money
from YouTube or blogging so I had a blog
first in 2009 then in 2010 started my
channel I met you in think it's in 2011
and at that point I hadn't even signed
up to the partner program so I was just
doing it because I absolutely loved it I
think now second it wasn't that you
didn't know like when we started our
channels you couldn't it's not like you
could look at some people and think wow
they're running this much a month I'd
like to do that because it didn't exist
and I think now unfortunately a lot of
people sign up to doing this because I
think this is gonna be a great way to
earn money but actually it's really hard
once you get going it's not easy and
we've got going now but I saw something
interesting in an interview the other I
think I read it to you Matt about there
was a guy that was saying obviously so
many kids are growing up these days
wanting to become YouTube stars bloggers
etc and this guy basically said you need
to tell your kid you need to like crush
their dreams because so many people now
want to do it was not being horrible oh
yeah how did he actually becoming
successful was so slim crushed your
dream no I think definitely people
should do it as a side as a hobby like
weed like I was working as a
receptionist is on the side and then
this overtook it so I would always say
to young people have a have a back-up
plan have another skill or a trade or a
qualification but that's the reason you
guys cut a rose to the top anyways
because it's a passion thing you enjoyed
it it wasn't a show need rate monitor
mination I know what it was it was your
vlog bin man bin man
oh that is YouTube gold one day I'd love
for you to release so next topic would
we do you think if we were to start
YouTube now yeah be successful oh I want
to say yes because I want to believe in
my heart that I've got enough charisma
and passion for people to like me but I
just don't think I would be as
successful if I started now I feel like
that's what's hard now is yeah the
getting started getting your first
50,000 subscribers yeah I've still got
the same determination and motivation to
work as hard as I did in the beginning
but it is a saturated market now so I
think it would be a challenge you had to
stand out it's difficult yeah but then
you could say that my anything you could
say that well any anything what do you
think I don't know yeah it's it's just
such a saturated market now like you
said and I feel I also feel like what we
got known for people aren't really doing
now it's what trends obviously changes
in society and amongst pop culture but
what we were doing then you know sit
down collapse all these things people
aren't really doing those as much
anymore and yeah would we how would you
get big these days is it also we were a
group what we were like a gang and I
think all right well I was gonna say
what's going on the brick crew I'm just
gonna speak for like the fine house
right now since it makes me so sad I
would love to hang out more I think
everybody is busy I think though we all
say we're busy but we could all make
time for each other
and we all live we don't all live in the
same place but then we didn't all live
in the same place before I wish that we
could all be a big group together still
it's easy to for us to go everyone's
busy I don't know people like oh however
everyone's busy but the thing is which I
always say is when we all started
and it wasn't really a job and it it
kind of became a job it was all new to
us it was so exciting and we were all
collabing hanging out we were doing
things together as a group collectively
because no one was a brand known as a
business everyone was just excited about
what we were experiencing at that we all
had just YouTube and means that we had
blogs as well so we had just our YouTube
and blogs
but now there's podcasts and fashion
shows and books and merchandise and just
so many other strands of things that we
do that we are more busy but I would I
would love like I'd love a reunion out
of that group I never would have thought
it'd be me and use it together because
we're so if someone like described both
of us you wouldn't put us together as a
little pair would you probably not but
when you have a experience
together that brings you together and I
think we are quite like-minded even
though you're like you know you wear
your nippled
trendy clothes so it was a natural thing
like the brick crew kind of kind of
separating where wasn't ever like a
major incident something I can't confirm
that there has never been a major
incident and I have seen so many people
say things online and say like oh this
happened such as I've said this and I
bet this happened as far as I'm aware
and maybe someone will come out and say
actually someone did say something
nobody has ever had a fall out and when
we all see each other it's really nice I
think for the sake of this wrong a mile
it's not gonna fall out I don't know
about how many Louise this is a place to
let it all out I don't know what waits
for the sake of this podcast are you
sure there isn't a major event because
it would make a great title and father
are you sure I think when you put it in
retrospect think of when you're a school
and you had your best friend's at school
yes obviously yes at that time you were
best friends yeah
you into you you always hanging out but
people do grow you evolve as a person
etc and the people that are in your life
change and that's absolutely fine that's
how life works weird if people didn't
change yeah and I think we still have
that connection of going through this
crazy experience together but it doesn't
necessarily mean we're gonna all be like
that's a really healing way of looking
at actually because when I think of my
school friends I'm still kind of like in
touch with them on Facebook and stuff
and I always think oh I'm glad for them
all they're doing really well but I just
don't necessarily see them and that's a
really perfect way of looking at that's
what's happened so both of you guys have
like kind of I don't know changed your
identity over because you've been on so
long like it naturally that's happened
yes how do you feel about doing that and
we had an identity crisis in YouTube oh
that's not what I'm saying that you're
saying though but what is it like
evolving online and people were your
audience is being a part of that it's
really stressful just so stressful so
what happens is this was the cycle for
me you start you enjoying it it all goes
up and up is so exciting you start to
think I really enjoying this do what you
want to make this not really but I've
got to because that's what people want
I'm making more of it I'm hating it
they're loving it but they're gonna soon
see that I'm not living it and they're
gonna hate it and oh my god then I'll be
over it's all gonna change I'm gonna do
what I want to do but will they like it
oh my god I've changed some people don't
like it and they've left and now
everything's gone down and I'm a failure
it's never gonna be good again and then
it starts to rise up slowly again like a
phoenix from those desperate desperate
ashes Wow do you feel better getting now
like you said it's very stressful and
it's very hard because what I've said
before is it's as individuals we change
over time yeah when sigh I always
compare it love these comparisons today
I compare it to like a TV show imagine
you're a massive fan of EastEnders
are you yeah Easter and you're watching
it you're loved you've been watching it
for two years and then all of a sudden
they come out and I actually we want to
incorporate some sci-fi into this you
know like I love EastEnders how it
is what's going on they're like oh but
I'm sorry we've changed as a person it's
like what Instagram changed their logo
from the little brown one to college
when I was like I'm not ready for that
yeah yeah and think how traumatic that
is over and we're talking about human
emotions and feelings yeah it's hard but
worth it I think that if something's not
working change it and if you're in a
simplistic position have a think about
what you do want because the thing with
our line of work and our line of passion
as well
is that it's so authentic and the minute
you stop liking it you're just doing it
to please so while you're just doing it
for the financial gain you are going
very wrong and you will quickly plummet
so I always think now my videos get the
same amount of views as they did all
those years ago and you would think that
with trajectory they would go up they
don't but the quality of what I'm making
not necessarily at the production
quality because that's still like crap
because it's me making it but like what
I'm doing I love so much more and the
topics I'm covering and the people that
I'm reaching and that's what about isn't
it it's about if you're if you're really
happy I actually spoke last night
privately privately was that and it was
like oh it's nice that we can be really
happy with where we are with the stuff
we're putting out because I feel like
that's we're growing as people and where
we're putting out what we really want to
put out yeah I mean I'm old now I'm 33
so I feel pretty settled in my life
thinking about getting a dog when I'm 40
yeah 40 a third that's quite far away
the things want to do it might change
change throw you off if like oh my god
if you have something older it's like
can't sometimes I cry I'm a Taurus and I
don't like anything to change I might
routine like if somebody said oh this
weekend are you coming to do this I
would go all pant and then you're like
well actually let's go to Edinburgh I'm
like oh go be sick okay interesting or
if he said oh we're going on a book tour
I've booked hotel by was changed yep
like but I've already looked at pictures
of that hotel online if I cooked with
that one I don't
that must be so difficult with your line
of work though everyone I work with is
pretty good because they know just keep
things yeah don't cope of change very
well like the moving house really
me up not shook me up me up not
physically much as I felt in settle for
a long time I'm only now and I've been
in that over a year like thinking yes
this is my home I feel good about this I
don't like it when people leave like
Charlotte is leaving gleam this week and
I'm so sad about it I just had a team
from gleam leave as well oh it's so hard
what problems I'm it's so hard when
people Luke we both took a risk in
starting our channels yeah
risk starting it was it no sorry we took
a risk I feel in choosing to or opting
to try it full-time
I did anyway I left a full-time job to
go you know I'm gonna try this and
actually join my job I slightly didn't
because I was working full-time and then
I was pregnant with my first daughter
Darcy and then I didn't go back to my
job so I had a job but I didn't go it's
not like I had to hand in my notice like
this is my last day I'm jumping off the
bridge yeah but still that works in the
snorerx I was gonna say how old were you
then like 20 24 25 I was 26 26 case of
my age now arguably that could have been
more of a risk for you going you know
what I'm gonna like really go for
YouTube you just had a kid yeah whereas
I was like okay I had a full-time job
but I was still I could have probably
gone back to uni I could have done this
killer than that yeah having a kid and
stuff do you ever think that was just a
lot of pressure I didn't think of it as
pressure at the time I thought of it's
an opportunity I'm a pretty positive
person so I look at most things as
opportunities and I thought this is just
a massive opportunity and if it doesn't
work I knew that I would still have my
degree qualification I would still have
the workplace skills I'd built over the
last four years so I felt like if it
doesn't work
I'll just apply for a job and interview
for it like everyone else and hope for
the best but I'm the eternal optimist so
no I didn't feel pressured I just
thought this is exciting and a bit
ballsy I think I'm a ballsy person and
very humble too I think you have to be a
pretty busy person doing something in
this person thank you I've seen some of
your outfit choices but I think to be
successful in any industry there's a big
part of those and there's taking risks
and it's going for it fortune favors the
brave that's one of my favorite quotes
I'm thinking about getting that made and
put it for my lounge
you
