Jeffrey star is a how do you describe
him
he's enigmatic isn't it he's a social
media star turned business phenomenon
brand owner Dominator and he's got over
dollars so shane dawson
u2t extraordinaire never heard of him
everybody loves at the moment and
including me and definitely including
you you're one of his like biggest fans
I embarrass you
he's done a five-part series with
Jeffrey the final episode part two who's
going up tonight
so we haven't something if anything
changes it's not our fault but it's been
predominantly about money I feel it's
been about his journey but also mainly
Shane being like oh my god you have so
much money and he got me thinking
because I saw a tweet while ago a couple
of weeks ago by Hank green his tweet was
displays of wealth on social media
doubtless make many people feel inferior
because of something that is almost
entirely out of control why are we doing
that and that got me thinking about this
video because it was just like Jeffrey
and he deserves his success like I was
astounded by how like driven he is and
all of that but it is these videos just
flaunting his wealth you know so I oh my
god how much does this cost oh my god
how much does that cost oh my god you
have this and it made me feel a little
bit uncomfortable with it because I'm
like so what are we celebrating it that
he's got loads of money it's like you're
not celebrating his hard work and
success it's like no look all this
materialistic stuff I've got this cost
150 grand
yeah but sad thing to say is that's what
a lot of people care about and that's
what a lot of people want to know people
are nosy so people seeing that sad to
say just want to know about money look
at anything to do with YouTube people
who don't know about YouTube when you're
interviewed on TV it's or how much money
you earn how much money you because it's
a world they don't understand so it's
like
I know what you're saying it did get to
a point when it's I all right I get it
you're loaded but I get it yeah
but at the same time I thought it was
what I personally liked about it I must
hold my hands up and say I really didn't
know much about Jeffrey star before
watching this is that if he's never
shown that before I kind of respect that
because hits a lot of people on YouTube
when they get a bit of money get their
dollars out get their cars out flash it
all about
he's dwarfing those people with that
type of money yeah and he's not doing
that he has materialistic things yeah
but he's not shoving it down people's
throats okay do you understand I'm
saying I know I did completely and now
because I think it's very interesting
it's as wise I really want us to talk
about this because I don't know if it's
a cultural thing whereas in the States
that seems like Donald Trump is the
president and as part of that it's like
look how successful he has this much
money yeah and I feel he's probably very
in dream is what it's like exactly
everywhere anyone can do whatever if
they follow their dreams you can earn
and yes which I understand but then I
feel like we're very different over here
so maybe that's why I'm looking at it
like oh why do I feel a bit I don't know
what the feeling was not uncomfortable
so my opinion on this is that I think a
lot of European oh I'm talking about
Britain yep I feel like we have a
constant urge to criticize people who
earn money so I'm definitely part of
that I will help my like the most famous
sports people like it's never a
celebrated thing people always like are
why they earning so much money like and
it's whether it's jealousy where it says
I I don't know but as a culture as a
nation that's what we do America is just
different isn't it yeah in that respect
like in this country we would never have
the headline Kylie Jenner on her way to
becoming the first billionaire
influencer would we know because that
would seem I guess tacky or distasteful
yeah but at least mean thinking about
like yourself creating putting your life
the internet what how do you feel about
putting what you do on insert in terms
of like your wealth and how you're doing
because I'm sure a lot of people don't
know half the things that you've got
going on yeah and I've always wondered
that well I mean I'm not gonna out you I
would say that's obviously a choice yeah
for me it's like such a trace no it's
entry I really want to get into it it's
like I have never been about flashing
wealth but I was never raised like that
I was always taught that like money
speaks for itself in terms of like
growing up I was lucky to be surrounded
by not in my family but know some people
who were quite wealthy people who
inspired me and stuff like that biz
quite successful businesspeople and they
never flashed their wealth and it was
always like I just saw it as a
respectable thing it's like I just find
it quite tacky when you're just like
yeah look at my money look at this look
at that I'm doing this doing that and
I've never obviously I've never
experienced money anything like Geoffrey
so it's like of course we can't compare
that but I have always been like from
the very first point started earning
money I've always been in in my head
like I need to invest in my future
because I don't know how long this
thing's gonna last I don't know what's
gonna happen because it's such a new
industry so I think the first thing I
ever won when I entered this huge tube
competition on one YouTube Nextup it is
next up is yeah is next next up across
Europe there was a twenty thousand euro
reward for winning this competition
which you tube alignment by camera that
they wanted you to invest into like
production equipment and stuff and I did
I bought in equity I bought new cameras
I did a port a new camera a tripod new
lights it was cost about a thousand
1,500 back then and then I used the
other part to buy my first flat and for
me I was lucky to be one of a close
family friend very successful property
developer and Brighton when I met in my
nice ten in his mansion in South of
France and I was I
what do you do and he's like well I own
properties I was like okay and he's been
kind of a close helper in terms of
supporting that decision of mine to
invest money and property because I'm
still by that belief like if everything
went tits up that's something to fall
back on and I've always just property
not just this but it has always been my
ambition to get to somewhere where if
 hits the fan or you stop getting
views you stop any money through that
I've got other stuff going on and I'm
lucky I've done that with property that
it's got I've got a portfolio right this
run as a business you don't show that I
don't need to yeah don't show like
you've had nice cars before and not
anything you've ever shown that I
remember yeah when we've been vlogging
or I've been filming you but oh don't
get the car route yeah I'm like yeah
that's absolutely fine but I was
thinking oh I wonder why that is I mean
obviously pop it's like they're part of
daxing and stuff isn't it you don't want
people knowing where you live and no
more just the car itself yeah for me
it's not about doxxing it's just well
you are it can happen like you're gonna
get hates or like what I just don't like
it like I don't feel the need to do it
if I had a nice car by Percy don't I
just find it a bit cringe or like yeah
not detrimental like it's just a bit
offensive it's like I'm shoving
something in people for for an industry
that people don't respect gem but they
don't people like you being youtuber is
not really a respected industry from the
general public it's not so - then go
like look at my car look at how much
money it's just it doesn't doesn't bode
well it's quite nice man but you respect
other people who do it because you don't
do it yourself but you're not here being
me like why is Shane just you know
obsessed with money in these videos the
difference with that is because like
people know youtubers earn like good
money if you could look at Jeffrey's
accounts hear stuff like have a rough
estimate of what he earns let's put it
this way then so Alfie got in a load of
trouble because of the one pound and I'm
like fair enough but then Jeffrey and
Shane aren't getting in trouble but
they're like joking around but oh my god
this cost this much and change that oh
I've only got this and it's I
dude you've got to pinball machines your
place it's like yeah okay it's not
Jeffrey level but I think there's a
difference like the difference I would
say there is because that made me feel a
bit funny like Shane I know Shana's
works our stuff I spoke about
before when I Skyped him and he was open
to me and saying that he had a
production budget of 50 K a month I am
it's a lot of money yeah he's in
a different position to a lot of
youtubers in terms of the size of his
channel on where he may be financially
at yeah he is still making money of
course he is he still does have a nice
lifestyle of course he does he doesn't
invest in MIT he doesn't he's not what I
took away from that video shane has no
interest in materialistic things which I
thought was lovely like great that's a
good point actually and I think maybe
that's almost an issue with the formats
he's doing where he is just trying to
put the focus on Geoffrey I mean oh this
is what he's doing yeah and then I guess
by making the comparison to himself he's
trying to be like Shane's like awesome
general public yeah and that's harder to
to relate what to do when chains in a
position he's a horse I think that's why
I found a little bit like not sure if
this is working you know yeah I don't
think it can be compared to alphas
because alphas was like was just a
different thing Shane is like his sense
of humor he's like he's always playing
in character when he's doing that you
can see how he is them on YouTube it's
just interesting so many so many
different attitudes to money isn't there
like Casey nice that's some of his best
videos in terms of like performing are
the ones where it's like flying Emirates
first-class I remember that absolutely
smashed it yeah $25,000 plane what I
mean there's loads of youtubers when
it's like how much money is your time so
that's because what people are I stand
by this wise I say is that we as human
beings are slaves to money everyone that
is what society has made us thing like
we slave away to money that's what
fascinates people I feel like money is
such an interesting thing for so many
people I'm fascinated by money in terms
of like I love to know how successful
business people are and you know how
when Apple becomes the first trillion
dollar company it's like that's
fascinating yeah I don't know why I have
such
a thing of it I don't know I just find
it like you I find it tacky and a bit
icky when it's like oh I've got this and
okay I'm not maybe that's part of me
being it's jealousy or it's like it's a
weird resentment I don't know why it is
I feel like I have that with a lot of
things I don't really give people the
benefit of a doubt if they've got loads
of money and but they are just normal
people
give me some okay but that's interesting
from your point of view then so it's
like we'd like so what's your opinion on
um Jeffrey and Mike it was just the way
it was hitting me over the head with oh
my god you have this much and that cost
that much right that doesn't interest me
at all what it does is going to the
factory and seeing the the whole process
of how it all happens and his story but
the human elements of it I just think
money is just a thing and it should be
more about the person you know their
attitudes and because people don't get
rich by just you know whatever it's that
they have a certain type of personality
or a way of thinking and I think that's
more interesting and what they spend the
money on in defense that we've seen the
only thing I could think of with that is
that YouTube's become such a place of
like not knowing what's real or not you
know when you watch something you're
like is that rented as it owned is that
this is it that like you don't know as
you've been pranked and like bait it so
many times as a viewer I don't know
what's real anymore and simulation
seriously though and with that it's like
he can walk around whatever and talk
about how much money people haven't
showed businesses but sounds stupid but
like walking around that Factory even
part of me I'm like what what if this is
all like sad but that's the current
state of YouTube if that was on a TV
show and question minutes raizy
so they're going back to the money thing
I think that's like when he stands her
and he's like oh yeah this handbag cost
hundred fifty thousand that's unlike
Bach but you wouldn't be doing that if
you had something like that well I guess
the closest thing since I've been with
you so we did like the trainer video
because that's something you're really
into yeah and I was like showing off
your trainers but yeah you don't really
- any of it no I don't maybe we should
exposing my well how much am I really
worth that's what this is gonna be cold
because it's not like - no I feel like I
always want to connect people relate to
an audience and if I am all of a sudden
putting myself up there it's like you
either become someone that people just
look at and they're like oh I want that
life so yeah
or you can still be like hey look I'm
still a normal person but like I've done
all right I've got school in two weeks
back to see you I back to school got
your xxxx ready you make a very good
point now because it's like there's a
whole thing when youtubers are
aspirational different types of people
aspirational vlogger absence bration all
yeah blog oh yeah make up whatever you
over go into that category or you're
still yeah got school in two weeks
oh you just like me trying to find
yourself yeah we can all relate to that
everyone's always trying to find
themselves
