being a youtuber being someone in the
social space as it is a new world it's
always when you go on a talk show
usually you know I've been on good
morning Britain in these types of shows
one of the first things and one of the
only things they always talk about is
money and it feels like that's all and
we've got to a point you know with 15
years nearly into YouTube and it's still
being the most questioned thing and I
feel like I want to ask you because
obviously working for the BBC do you
ever feel uncomfortable that that's
known you know salaries or release
things like that because I never know
how to answer the question it just it's
really awkward people ask you because
you're just like well what am I meant to
say yeah I think it's an unfair question
because I think it comes from a place of
maybe jealousy for you prefer for
youtubers I mean I'll get to my I get to
the BBC but in a minute but I think it's
an unfair question because I think it
comes from the wrong place I think it
comes from a place of I won't you don't
desert it comes from you need to deserve
that and and I think also it comes from
a generation of people that don't
understand it I think that's the other
thing it's it can come across as quite
ignorant to ask people that sort of
thing because it's like it's quite
dismissive and I think you can be I
think you can be dismissive in other
ways and not actually sort of go for the
jugular if you're not I mean I think
that's just become the obvious it's like
yeah you're going on a talk show you go
yourselves you know there's a balance in
life isn't there you you it's kind of
it's fair play you have to work hard at
whatever you want to do and some people
were really smart and decided to to
really go big on YouTube and it paid off
for a load of people that's great
the BBC thing is different and I don't
mind being asked about my salary because
it's been paid for by me and you you
yeah and everyone pays license fee and I
don't I really don't care I'm not that
precious about it I feel like I do a
really I do it literally I do a unique
job I don't there's no one else who's
the presenter of the radio and breakfast
show so that should be paid accordingly
I do think it reaches a lot of people
it does a big job for the BBC I feel
like with that bring it back to the
YouTube thing a lot of people from old
family members etc if you haven't seen
that like oh you earn money from that oh
I could do that and maybe it's a similar
thing they're like oh all you do just
talk in a mic - and play some songs all
that's easy isn't it yeah I feel like
you probably do get a bit of that as
well I don't think that the majority I'd
say 99% of the people listening really
couldn't care less or just wouldn't
bother to even find out how much I'm
being paid in the grand scheme of things
it's not a lot in terms of the BBC and
my age and the job that I do in
comparison to people other radio
stations it's a lot and I I'm feel very
lucky and I'm proud that I get that
money and I will be I will talk about it
openly and I know it does make me do is
want to work really hard and justify it
because I don't want I wouldn't want to
see anyone wasting my money and I don't
feel like anyone who's listening to my
show should feel like I'm wasting it or
not giving the best I can give so that's
how I feel about it
there you go big question me how I was
the big question the big question it's a
greedy it's a good question is an
unwritten well don't know that see the
questions are put on but the whole
situation around it is it's very
unwritten quite taboo
but I'm very comfortable talking about
it yeah you are right it's a culture
thing and we do struggle to chat about
money openly I think so and thanks for
being open drinks on me but now comes
the real big oh my god the real big
question it's a matter let you explain
the segment because so the big question
is a segment where I how much you're
earning after-tax no it is a segment
where I go and have a look online and
find some things I find interesting okay
which is usually a bit off piste sure
and then from that derives a question
okay and this week the headline is 24
sheds up for the coveted prize to win
1000 pounds in the shed of the Year
awards if the price is right I will be
hosting I'm available to host the shed
of the Year awards but I would like to
show you and for people who are watching
on this I'll put some images on your
head but I'll show you so we got chewed
a house that's a shirt that's lovely
probably that looks a bit like if you're
familiar with London that looks a bit
like Swiss Cottage
yes driving is a smaller version of
Liberty's but this o bhokta pod can you
see that boat pod that's boat pod does
that float unclear woodburner in there
it's excessive for a shed I like that we
can really nice it looks like a very big
version of a bird house I think this
might be my favorite one bottle shed
they're really pushing the limits of
sheds here's that bottle caps in the
wall yeah it's very bright and that one
it's very bright and sort of art studio
space well I think the reason they've
done this article's because it's
impossible this year no they can't
decide so this is Noah's Ark that's not
a shed that's it's like a really nice
modern house and I'll do one more
that's the Admirals head that's a
classic as British isn't that an old pub
shed but also looks a bit like an old
railway station well my question to you
guys is if you were to enter in next
year's shed of the year what would you
what would your shed be I'm a big I'm a
big cricket fan I've always loved the
idea of being a groundsman okay or in
2018 a grounds person I quite like
mowing the grass so I make sure that it
was a proper functional good
old-fashioned guard and she said with
potentially a little greenhouse element
to the back for growing room sort of
plants could grow some Tomatoes
wonderful but have something to doing
the crickets on of a knife so that's a
search in there no I'd I just just grass
what I would stay will be big enough and
I would have enough land this is my
dream by the way land we have enough
land to have a sit on lawnmower so I
think that's my sort of dream if I if
that ever happens to me I might I've
made it me driving a circus on a settle
nor mower you can go a he's made it but
also he's lost his mind
what are you thinking how to compete I
really like the pub element I feel like
there's a nice element of being able to
go shall we go for a drink in my shed
coffee one coffee like in Shoreditch
maybe coffee yeah you know I'm gonna do
a coffee coffee pub I've not helped
things you know how this is the most
middle-class answers we've ever done
unbelievable I've talked about cricket
you've talked about a coffee pub we need
to wrap this up this has become
unbearable
