hello and welcome to a very middle class
video I have to confess when me and my
friends sort of used to run through the
fields of we do
my uber eating people's uber ratings
uber ratings in general I feel is
something everyone wants to have a
five-star for so the other day I went
and have a look
well my uber rating was and saw that it
was a WAP pin any guesses and yeses four
point six I feel a bit offended by that
and I feel like it speaks volumes for me
perhaps and when I tell people that like
telling you that my brains 4.6 you might
be sitting there thinking what a dick
what's he done what what have I done to
achieve a 4.6 I'd love to know so I
thought this video we could sort of
discuss reasons why we might receive
lower you Buber ratings then we perhaps
thought we would I mean I guess if it's
rounded up it could be rounded up to a
five which you know if we were judging a
film five out of five I would I would
definitely take that but I'm just sat
there trying to figure out why it's a
4.6 I want it higher than that I want I
want at least a 4.8 I mean what's the
level that gets to where you're like
right you're just a bit of a dick
like if you're over rings below X you're
a dick I hope it's not 4.6 that's one
what do you guys think if it's below 4.5
you've got yourself some serious
questions obviously Hoover is the only
way I ever travel about because I don't
know how to use a tube every youtuber
ever I do actually use the tube
relatable so anyway I would consider
myself quite a polite passenger seems
like it animals
hello hi what's up you know have many
variations there are of saying hello I
usually go with one of them I always say
goodbye I say thank you very much I
always say have a nice day but there's
obviously something going on in between
there
that's lowering the rate in one theory
is I am a avid headphone user when it
comes to the who but don't know why but
I prefer to be in the car in my own
little world so as soon as I get in
headphones go in in the zone please
don't talk to me now maybe they get the
hint when when you're in and you
your headphones are in and you're
listening to musical you're watching
something or maybe sometimes they just
want to chat like I do understand that
they just want to have a little chat
sometimes and I've had some beautiful
wonderful chats with the drivers but a
lot of the time of a bit antisocial and
I'm not up for chatting nonsense for for
20 minutes I know it probably sounds
really bad I probably get hateful
staying out all night that's first thing
I guess is are you a chatter or are you
a headphone user because if flipside if
I was a chatter and I got in the car
every day no alright may how's it going
yeah how's your day how's your how's
your family how's your kids what you got
up to is a busy day yeah they might just
be about half off mate like just
let me do my job it's a real hard one to
judge that's why I usually suss it out I
step in the car I'm like hey how's it
going you're right yeah yeah yeah that's
where we're going yet thank you I sit
there for a bit and sort of suss the by
depending on if they've got music on
depending sometimes they're on the phone
I'll be like right you do you I would do
me sometimes seizure again they want to
start change you which is fine and then
I'll sort of start chatting to them
another thought as to why my rating
could be lower than I would like it to
be is slamming doors especially when I
have I'm gonna get onto other guests in
a minute sometimes you get out and you
know you feeling strong slamming
that door or the winds just there and as
soon as it slams a bit too hard I'm like
 Sorry Sorry
maybe that noise than the bit my theory
completely taking the blame off me
because I'm obviously a perfect human
being and everyone must love me is
obviously co travellers guests other
people travelling in the car with you I
have no control over them over what
they're capable of doing or what they
capable of maybe messing up my uber
rating by doing this stems from the good
old days when I used to be out on the
town
you know have some pre drinks with the
lads and then yeah we'll take a car out
but you know I mean you get the Yuba
excel in I get in the car everyone's
everyone's that a little bit oh can we
do the music yes out yeah if you've got
a oh it's cable or knob cable that was
always an awkward on and I did feel a
bit for the driver then because you got
six people in your car blaring music out
there on their way out you just want to
end your shift you want to go home it's
your family that's my impression of my
friends partying I've never thrown up in
an uber like to hold my hand up and and
say I haven't thrown up I was close the
other day after day sesh I'd had a pizza
that night and it just wasn't sitting
well in my stomach and on the way home I
had uncontrollable hiccups which I mean
I understand if I had a low rating for
that that is not something very
pleasurable to listen to and I was on
the edge of being like yo do I need to
ask the driver to stop am I going to
throw up oh my god how embarrassing it
didn't happen in the end I was fine but
that may have given me a low rating look
so sometimes when I'm in the car and
like they put the music on I really love
it when the drivers sort of trying to
preempt what you want so like if you're
in there and the radio is on and you
have a little hum to the song and
they're like oh you like it in their
head they sort of crank the volume up
and then you're like oh yeah
I like this song and they're like yeah
and then all of a sudden maybe get a
phone cord you go on Instagram and you
start watching someone's story and the
volume plays out they instantly like ah
you need to use a phone crank it right
down then I feel really awkward like oh
you don't have to worry about me
honestly
don't try and please me just I'm fine
and then I feel a bit awkward from it
don't know why that's probably just me
being really weird that hurt though she
probably doesn't even affect the rating
that's just me overthinking things in my
head so the reasons I've covered so far
very like they I'm just very nice I have
got a few issues which I'm going to
address what's your stance on if you get
in a car and there's a bit of a smell
then what the smell is
could be anything actually you know is
the worst and I just feel really bad for
the driver when you get in the car and
some
has obviously thrown up in their car the
night before they've had to get it clean
they've had to get it wash valeted
whatever and it's just rank the stale
smell of vomit in your car I mean I
don't feel sorry for me I mean yeah cool
one I get in the car and it's gross but
like poor drivers got to drive around
all day with that from some dickhead
throwing up in the car that's not what I
mean when there is a smell that's not
something they can really control yes
what I'm saying sometimes you get in and
this there's maybe like a stale smell
something it's just a little bit
off-putting and I think right cool I'm
just gonna just open my window a little
bit does that maybe offend them a day
then like what the is that guy
doing it's over in the window
something wrong I also want to know
about everyone's uber etiquette because
I feel like this is me just letting
everything out right but my big issue
it's gonna be a bit of a rant on this
one when it's hot ok when the heatwave
was here
everyone in London's freaking out you
get in the car and we're talking about
32 33 34 35 degrees very sweaty they
don't the AC on which is fine because
you know they're currently driving it's
their preference that's fine but then
when I get in the car and I'm like
sticking to their seat very sweaty very
hot and I very politely ask my hello is
it okay to turn the AC on the look I get
in that rearview mirror Jesus is
like I've murdered someone they huff
they pass sometimes they just like no
all right okay I'll just leave a massive
wet patch on your car seat is that cool
yeah we don't have AC in our homes we
just we just want that little bit of
fresh air to dry that sweat no we'd
rather just windows down a hot polluted
air into your face fantastic on the
contrary not say I'm no great Samaritan
ow look at me I'm such a good member of
society but I I mean it's probably more
habit I don't think I've ever given
someone less than a 5 sorry and just
because when I get out of the car I
don't sort use the app straightaway to
like give them the rating it always
comes to the next time I get to use it
and like oh yeah five star five star
that's fine whatever
how many dishing out fives solid fives
from me I mean you could say I'm become
a little bit of a lick ass because of my
intent that want to raise my uber rating
I'm really cool and of quite long story
short what I'm trying to find out is is
my uber eating considered 20 with me
going
hey-oh 4.6 Newberry you like you're a
better dick
I mean it's questionable I questioned
myself that's why I'm trying to open it
up to you guys what's first of all
what's your rebury ten second of all
what's your stance on uber etiquette on
some of the things I've said he with me
against me chink I'm just a bellend
I do feel hard done Y by the uber
society must be said but we live in LAN
and together we can fight through this
leave all of your thoughts in I mean you
know where to leave and where I was
gonna leave and hell that feels
weird like oh it's cool youtuber use the
comment section let me know your
thoughts hope you enjoyed the video
that's it bye bye
