hello beautiful sexy people we're
filming at night right now we haven't
filmed at night now hey it makes me look
very very pale
just cuz the lights so bright on me
we've almost got bit fee for going on
here so that's currently happening in
the background we did the other day
reacting to ideal body types of women
throughout time periods and so many of
you in the comments wanted to see a
man's version so lo and behold that's
what we're gonna do men's standards of
beauty around the world objectify
objectification of the male form as
become has become a particularly hot
topic in recent years oh this is around
the world so this isn't over time men
the standard of beauty around the world
the number of men's beauty products
increased by more than seven percent
mile-wide between 2020 or 2014 read that
is true I feel like men are becoming
much more in touch or in line with
putting more effort into caring for
themselves
grooming what cuz of an I am very much
so apart that I am very well groomed we
gathered information from professional
publication entertainment and social
media to determine what makes a man
attractive study has shown that American
men face media pressures have the
perfect muscular body a popular can
reason is is that lumbersexual what's
that oh bearded masculine and what
lumbersexual i like a beard I wish I
could grow a decent beard this is how
long is this this is about oh let me
think I think my beard is about a week
and yeah here is great they've got
lovely neck beard
I just can't can't fill here correctly
yet I don't know if that's gonna come
with a little bit more age or what
Mexican men finished second and she does
really the most vain men in the world
behind Venezuela what that's interesting
he's a good-looking chap isn't he
43 percent of Brazilians identify as
mixed race Germanic features is Germanic
futures tan skin are considered an ideal
beauty combination
cosmetic surgery is becoming normalized
for brazilian man was it like what
cosmetic surgery like is getting your
teeth done classified as cosmetic
surgery all these men so far are very in
shape on among the most fashionable
grooming services
men is body hair removal I feel is that
not most fashionable months like body
hair removal they mean like shaving do
they mean waxing laser like laser more
and more people getting laser hair
removal I've been thinking
you guys know got a funny patch of hair
here but getting that lasered off
because it's just really funny and quite
annoying it dolly on men wear well
tailored clothing and I'm not afraid of
colors considered traditionally feminine
ideal male attractiveness involves
sprezzatura
meaning to have an air of studied
nonchalance lips you have no idea what I
means UK they've I mean they have got
very good-looking men in this video I'm
a professional and he's like David and
sidon male Beauty I know it's true at
she's having at ATS the the old sleeve
one in five British adults has a tattoo
that's way more than I thought would
what do you guys think your tattoos I
really like tattoos I think I'm really
cool I just don't know about getting one
myself I don't know I feel like I
changed quite a lot in what I like and
stuff and I'd worry that I'd get
something and then a year later not like
you or something like that
Oh checking one of groom including
manscape have become crazy popular among
British men yeah I feel like British men
are becoming more and more groomed South
Korea he looks pretty thordan a South
Korean culture dominates entertainment
in Asia kpop stars makes lean muscular
bodies with soft features and often wear
makeup so he's got eyeliner on pastor
Sarah is increasing calm for men bigger
eyes double double eyelids what they see
I feel like this is just saying that men
are becoming more in touch with looking
off and themselves basically try my
men's physical in supposed some bigger
more muscular and thinner that's true
when I went to Street I felt like so
many guys were like not in shade gym but
athletic the future oh here we go
2010 survey found that between white
black and mixed race faces Millennials
considered mixed-race to be the most
attractive so there they saying this guy
in the video an absolute Buller goddess
of national interest sexuality men ever
to feel the effects of today's diverse
the definitions of mayo buted but he
knows he's a Bourdon doesn't always
stand their hands on his head
there we go what do you think makes a
man beautiful that is the question I
want to ask you guys tonight I'm not
attracted to men so but yeah there we go
I hope you enjoyed today's video
particular big thumbs up and I'll see
you tomorrow of another one all right
let me go
