hello you beautiful sexy people yes my
top has got holes in before any of you
ran on although the rats that are in the
house could have eaten eating the top I
will give you that welcome to a video
where I'm going to be reacting to
something that happened yesterday if you
watch if you subscribe to if you watched
in my main channel you would have seen
the video mate you may have seen the
video while I want to quit YouTube now
first of all there is differences
between more Marcus and my main channel
you will probably be aware of its but
I'm gonna tell you just in case you're
not because I'm gonna treat this how I'm
explaining things that you know nothing
so this channel is very much so me me no
acting it's like my personality it's
just me saying whatever I want to say
that's more Marcus in a nutshell in
general is obviously me but a lot of the
stuff is written or scripted or put into
a sketch or a collaboration which is
obviously my personality so this video
has blown up and it's also become my
most hated video in terms of dislikes
and also a lot of the comments so I just
kind of wanted to read through them
because I find it very funny I honestly
am finding it very funny a little bit
frustrating but very very funny so the
reason this video has got a lot of hate
is because everyone's straight into
comic clickbait because I'm drawing
people into this video and then it's
called why I want to quit YouTube and
I'm not quitting YouTube now if you if
you hear it like that yeah I would agree
that that would be pig bait but it is a
sketch it's a skit it is written out and
it's acted the whole thing is set up and
it's a parody like I am taking a lot of
things within the YouTube community that
a lot of creators are doing and I'm
putting a very very sarcastic spin on it
now I appreciate that there may be some
very young people watching that video
who don't understand sarcasm who don't
there's nothing like there's nothing I
can do about that like that is YouTube
my audience is very very varied from 30
year-olds who will watch it to having
eight-year-olds that watch the content
he's so stupid he is so means out for
you Joe and summer
that is a comment from someone I date I
assume is very young that's what I'm
kind of dealing with is that of course
it's a sketch I planned I wrote out the
conversations with Joe and Alfie and
what we're gonna do and I spoke with
them and got them to say these things
and they were like that's what the
sketch kids I'm just gonna read through
some of the points then explaining them
probably get annoyed at some of them
react them and just I don't know
whatever these are all random spread out
comments I have never heard of you I
don't know you at all but don't leave
you have 4.5 million subs at least give
them to someone for me an example there
was a lot of comments or quite a few
comments like this like Marcus please
like don't quit because they're basing
it on just the title of a video before
watching the content now I don't know
how after watching the video or even 30
seconds into the video when I talk about
I've said hello so many times and it
cuts to me sat here going look like a
few if you've made it that far and
you're kind up not sure that it's a joke
already
then yeah I mean there's nothing I can
do about that yeah I did feel a little
bit sorry for these points because
they're just there was some people being
really sweet and you know if I was
actually going through that which some
people are on YouTube yeah of course I
make a video about and it would be a
very serious video and there were some
such sweethearts like you can you can do
it Marcus don't quit like stay with it
and I was a bit like I feel bad for you
thinking that this is real but how do
you not realise that it's not real
aiming this is actually funny in a witty
kind of way thanks Amy probably what
there's because obviously is so much of
click bang on dickhead that's like 1 in
100 comments that are actually
appreciating content and then you get
comments like this ly mostly quit then
watch the video then dickhead
obviously people are seeing the title
and clicking and probably not watching
anything going straight to the comments
and seeing the top cover twos her new
this was like a parody news was fake and
then just throwing an abuse at me so
good one ly next time watcher deep dark
midnight every video with at least a
little bit of irony and sarcasm
brings out the stupid people who are
just incapable of getting it that
explains the home for 11 K dislikes
I enjoyed the video a lot and laugh
throughout it thank you Marcus on this
video you're getting a lot of haters why
do you do clickbait whatever happened to
the good old Marcus we know most of us
are so disappointed but some of us are
hanging on with you you get a lot of
people like know when they saw this
title clickbait sucks but you don't if
you keep going like this with this title
maybe you will suck watch out Marcus
don't do crate wait if you look at my
channel it's not a clickbait channel I
don't know how to describe it because
its clickbait in the sense that the type
it's not true to the title because I'm
not quitting YouTube but it's a parody
about that character who I created
wanting to quit YouTube so what else do
I call it like how would you want to see
that in a title have you been on Jeremy
Karl before you look like that sort of
guests come no mate I haven't but really
cool name don't be mad because I game on
a 55 inch 4k fucking baller moonlight
stars I don't know if any of that was
true
but either way please don't start please
don't do that again
well so are you still friends of Alfie
and Zola did you really say that about
them in a video like I just I want to
hug you like you're probably like an 8
year old like that I mean that's weird
hugging an 8 year old
yeah you know I mean by yeah it's a it
was a joke sorry
it's parody ash 29k please quit have you
thought about killing yourself as well
oh that's a pole isn't thing to write to
someone isn't it have you thought about
killing yourself as well no I haven't
and I don't plan to but it's not really
saying you should throw about in a
comment section either just imagine if I
was literally taking that comment how
I'm guessing my video annoys you you
read the title and then it was a parody
imagine if I was reading your comment
and felt the same response to that that
you have to the video but I'm laughing
at you instead seriously it's not that
hard to not clickbait maybe if you
actually made interesting content people
would actually watch your videos instead
of you trying to trick your audience all
the
I don't cook mate all the time they look
for my main channel and let me read
through the last few videos exposing our
personal Facebook's no clickbait
pranking our moms gone wrong and
clickbait never have I ever with my mom
naughty addition no click mate we talked
about sex and weird shit this was a
really fun really random sketch yeah
fuck off Marcus gone to your head mate
biggest clique mate bullshit I've ever
seen you know full well that wasn't a
sketch that required creativity or
artistic ability it was just a bullshit
money plug it's all about the views
because it's all about the money fuck
off mate all right Sarah pocket jeez I
would really have liked to watch you
type that are you spitting at the time
like where you like smashing your
fingers down on that keyboard gain
absolutely rattled you know fool that
wasn't a sketch no I don't it it was us
yet how could it not be more of a sketch
that's not who I am that is a character
it was written it was like thought about
we plan every single shot that's what a
sketch is and then you've got like the
next comment genuinely thought this was
one of the funniest videos you've ever
done thank you
on that note I take it even though is
got loads of this site honestly thing is
one of my favorite videos I've ever made
geez really getting desperate huh I hope
people one day actually realise what's
good and what's bad content so many
shitty youtubers get thousands of views
well there are people who genuinely try
actually putting effort into what they
make yet this prick and other popular
youtubers just have to take a shit and
everyone flocks to put song in a jar and
add it to their shine or is that just me
anyway this happens everywhere not just
YouTube again like fair enough you
didn't like the video but fair enough
but I genuinely did put a lot of effort
into that video maybe you didn't watch
it maybe you just didn't like it but in
terms of effort put into a video there
was a lot of effort into that video he
talked about MB games but he hasn't
uploaded in over a year
dot dot dot that is the entire like that
is one of the jokes that was put into it
I haven't uploaded for over a year so
it's funny that I'm referencing that
channel in the first place and then
sat there watching the live subscriber
count on that channel I does everyone on
YouTube have this haircut as anyone else
on YouTube got this haircut not really
sure why people saying this title is
clickbait it's a skip parroting
parodying other youtubes who complain
about some of the most pointless things
about their channels where exactly did
the title not correlate with the video
thank you Jason people's inability to
understand sarcasm and take a joke
astounds me good job Marcus this was
very funny now don't get me wrong just
like if someone doesn't find the video
funny you I can't sit here and go
operative sarcasm like of course my aim
is to make the video funny with sarcasm
but not everyone might like that or you
might not like that level of sarcasm or
how I used it so I'm not like reading
that and saying like your sarcasm should
like everyone needs to like it I'm you
know thank you for enjoying that though
that was one of the best videos of
watching in a long time very refreshing
to watch something different and also
shows how brave you are posting it thank
you that was the other thing like people
people complain all the time and I made
the video on this channel every day
about original content and then they
post this and they're like oh no it's
not creative at all made like just not I
thought it's quite creative actually
really clever use of obvious clickbait
carefully constructed and well scripted
this was cool as a creator this is an
interesting watch as we tend to think is
just me and hearing in a sketch was fun
that's like really nice meet here I
genuinely thanks Rachel oh my god you
just want viewers so pathetic because
your videos suck and you're not even
funny and holy shit oh he said holy shit
this video suck get a fucking life you
Justin Bieber worship hey don't bring
the Biebs into this come on
fuck using quick bait to get those views
this is why I'm getting sick of YouTube
personally it's all about the views of
making that money and not about the
quality of content yo yeah it just it
goes with everything else I've said like
for me the quality of that video for me
what I believe is much higher than doing
a collab with Alfie and Joe or making a
fun video of my mum of course I love
doing those videos like the most fun to
film because it's just you pissing about
and having fun but when you're actually
writing and creating and thinking
how things are gonna look and edit and
piece together that stuff as a creator
also excited to me am I the only person
who actually seems to get his sarcasm
414 people agreed with you Sophie again
if you don't get it there's nothing I
can do about that if you don't like it
that's also fine like this that is also
fine I'm not upset about that you've
gone to shit now most pointless YouTube
okay good
no one gives a shit about you if you're
gonna quit and just fucking quit stop
creating attention cuz no one cares go
you're childish shit anyway it's also
coming from someone with a username
called the dinosaur zero one again
brilliant example not actually watching
the video I'm not trying to gain
attention I'm not pretending in a
serious way that I'm gonna quit and then
not quit like visit ya don't even know
who this is
to be honest all you do now someone
who's not quitting YouTube but and I
think we're gonna finish on this
blessing of a comment absolute
delightfulness in a jar Jay Kingston
fucking done stupid us kill yourself
this isn't funny and you're a disgrace
to YouTube unsubscribe I hope this
wasn't a joke please quit YouTube
fucking worthless piece of shite Wow
first of all apologies that that video
brought this much anger out of you maybe
you're this angry all the time you know
might not be nice to be around someone
like that yeah again it's it was a
parody so don't worry everything's gonna
be okay no yeah that's gonna round up
this video I don't really know I just
I've never had a video draw that much
controversy basically in this short
space of time so that's why I wanted to
not make use to stick up right is that I
don't have to do that but I thought
would be funny to read through and react
to some of the things and see what some
of you guys thought but I feel like I've
touched every area that I wanted to
touch so yeah hey I hope you enjoyed it
give it a thumbs up if you did and I'll
see you tomorrow with another video all
right love you guys
