what was that you've got a cold in the
middle of the Sun it's 85 degrees cool
different filming background I'm in
Berlin when I left England I was fed up
with the hot weather coming to Berlin
and I was like oh it's gonna be nice
it's where we gonna be a bit breezier
like it's been in London no no we've got
the weather in Berlin that London had
last week so 35 degrees add a wash
anyway welcome back I went to a spa
Steffi took me to a spa for my birthday
it was beautiful absolutely phenomenal
in Austria glorious including our spa
was a massage massage where people rub
your body I was like great love massages
birthday massage fantastic cannot wait
for this something that's a little bit
different with Germans compared to the
UK is they like to be naked in a spar
scenario you know they just go with it
and I kind of respect that because I
wish I could be that carefree about
showing my naked parts everywhere but
I'm just not so there we go
walking into the massage room meet the
man who's a male masseuse contramar his
name it's fine
cement it's fine I've been touched by
men I paid men to touch me that sounds
weird doesn't it honestly jokes aside
that wasn't fazed by that that's not an
issue to me I've had male masseuse Mayo
Mayo
massages masseuses before never been an
issue so it kind of went on a bit of a
strange foot from the other guy when I
walked in usually a massage is I always
have like boxes on or a pair of swimming
shorts on they're dry I had said pair of
swimming shorts on that were dry and
this guy soon as I walked in we had the
little conversation and he was like yeah
cos you'll just slip this on please
probably only some very stereotypical
bad impressions of German speaking
English these things are like the little
paper pants that give you absolute zero
privacy they go right up your ass
I mean there's just no space left for
imagination at all I didn't want to be
awkward I was like yes yes I'll change
into those waiting for him to maybe move
turn around or to like leave the room
whilst I obviously got naked and put
those long did he leave the room no no
you did him so he just stood you didn't
turn around either he just stood there
staring at me so I was like okay I'm
just gonna like turn around and like
drop my shorts and put these on okay I'm
in my skimpy little pants now ready for
a relaxing body rub scrub actually lying
down on my face sort of starts on the
back scrubs me over removing my dead dry
skin that needs to be removed making his
way down to the legs great done that
side of my body turn over now it's time
for the front who so I guess usually
you're meant to have some kind of like
towel covering your private area a
little bit but because this was a full
body scrub maybe that wasn't part of it
so there we are I'm lying down on the
bed once he starts to scrub my legs as
he makes his way to the thigh his hand
sort of doesn't stop and it just keeps
on going further until he starts
touching my ballsack not like scrubbing
it like and fingertips touching my
ballsack and I was like that's my
ballsack I wasn't like that was far too
awkward to do I was just lying there
like yes but I didn't do anything
I'm just gonna lie here just close my
eyes and it's fine it's all good it's
gonna be over in a second it was nothing
happened nothing went wrong yeah I was
like okay he's touched my ballsack a
couple of times pretty close and
personal all good or let him off for the
scrubbing part came to an end before we
went into the massage he asked me to
shower there was a shower in the corner
room I was like oh yeah cool great
derecho walk towards the shower what do
you think is coming next waited for him
to remove himself from the room for a
little bit of privacy King Cap'n no it
didn't happen didn't happen so I was
like okay again I'm just gonna remove
those paper pants
and step into the shower right in front
of you brilliant I come out of the
shower he hands me another pair of paper
pants oh it's like I'll thank you I
would just yeah I'm just covering my
knob was you yeah thanks slip those back
on massage time
fine I can relax it's all done I'm just
gonna fall asleep
boss I'm being massaged now this is
where things went a little bit more
awkward and I've never had this happen
to me I've never experienced this before
massage starts Sam Ian you saw Anne in
france's massage in the back great ee ah
so yet releasing those knots
fantastic works his way down and you
flip over this is where it went a bit
wrong same thing yeah and he's on the
front of my legs massaging them it was a
bit of an awkward one because usually
with massages I'm worried like I feel
like when you're a guy a lot of guys
worry about getting a hard-on I don't
know why but that is the fear with a guy
having a massage that you're gonna get
hard so whenever I have a massage
that's always the worry in your head
always know how to happen before that's
gonna change isn't it the reason I'm
saying this is I usually ask for quite
medium to firm especially on the legs
because if it's like relaxing if they're
not really pushing that hard into the
muscles it just feels like too nice like
something maybe my girlfriend would do
so I asked this guy for that type of
pressure he didn't deliver so there he
is rubbing my leg quite smoothly he
actually ends up going right back to
where he was
yeah right up to the ballsack areas
hitting that ball sack you did actually
hit the ball sack again multiple times
Dara was lying there panic
because there's a guy you know when when
you can feel when you're like oh I'm
becoming aroused something down there is
making movements well that's not
happening didn't it I literally went
into full-on panic because I was lying
it because it's not an immediate thing
you know you're not you know like
straight away like ding there is
rock-solid so I'm going into panic mode
and I was thinking no no this is
this is fine it's not gonna happen
something habit don't work just think
about seances like it's all good because
I went into that panic mode it had
happened in it just
it was out of my control at this point
and it just went full-on it let's say
we're building a tower the tower was
completed she gets yellow I'm saying I
had a full on Bona that is what I'm
saying the poor guy
I don't know like what was going through
his mind what would you do in this
situation because I've spoken to a
couple of people and they were like oh I
just laugh it off and say huh oh good
whatever I can do that like I'm lying on
a bed you got a hard-on and then you
just like ha funny isn't it yeah what no
I'm not attracted to you know it's it's
just awkward isn't it there's nothing
that could be more awkward than that in
that situation my tiny little pants
paper pants they don't hide anything so
like it's just out there my
train of thought was you know what
it it's nothing I can do probably
happens everyday to him so why don't you
just accept what's just happened and
just lie there and just accept it that
that's what I did but I couldn't remove
the awkwardness do you know I actually
thought to myself I was like oh my god
if I just pretend I'm asleep then it's
like I'm not aware it happened so I just
lie there for the whole thing and then
when he like finishes when he makes way
out there and he's like the massage is
finished I'd be like hmm oh wow oh wow
fell asleep crazy yeah did you know
you'll have a hard-on what massage
finishes obviously I didn't say anything
obviously he didn't say anything it was
this awkward moment where yeah I had to
wait to sign a piece of paper and there
was a tip and I was like oh my god I
feel like I would always tip someone in
that so no not in that snow of me get as
in in a massage scenario I'd always tip
but like what's he gonna think is that
normal like I've just is he gonna get
the wrong impression here like I'm
tipping him and I heard of maybe I'm
overthinking it massively but having
experienced that I remember I did the
hotel just walking back to Stephie she
was lying there I was like how was your
massage yeah is really good actually
I can sit laughing and she was like what
um we all know did you and I was like
yeah haha ooh
if you don't have a penis I think
sometimes you don't understand that
these things can happen like you don't
have to be sexually aroused necessarily
yeah an erection
sometimes it just happens it just
happened then nothing I could do about
it
yeah that's Marcus and the erection
story if you were my scenario could I
have dealt with it better what would you
have done
like I just left feeling awkward anytime
I have a massage now it sounds like
having a sighs all the time if I ever
have a massage now I've since then had a
couple since then it's now a fear of
mine it's just gonna happen again
yeah Allen by it is a fear so what can
you do what would you do that's the
question I'm asking you guys that is
today's story that I want to show you
but I hope you enjoyed listening to me
rambling on but uh welcome to some
embarrassing stories that yes I don't
have an upload schedule
I don't know how awful I'm gonna be
posting all I do know is that we've
started to record the podcast now and we
are going to be putting some snippets
from the podcast and video format on
this channel every single week so
there's gonna be some of that there's
gonna be some of this and yeah just
enjoying it so cool I will see you guys
very soon
goodbye
