hello you beautiful sexy people
hi yes my my jump has got holes in it
yes it is meant to have holes in it I
know when I wear holey clothes lots you
like all wash your tops what a hole in
it
ha ha oh I like holes in clothes so I
like the look that I can't afford new
clothes that's the look I'm going for
anyway today I thought what we do is
read through my wikipedia yeah I
remember the day I found out I had a
Wikipedia page I don't know how I found
it like the first my goo doesn't know
that I was just like wow life I've made
a Wikipedia page because I remember I
always used to want one when I was like
growing on you to uh oh I need a
Wikipedia page would be so cool to have
a Wikipedia page and the thought I'm on
Wikipedia now I guess is it kind of is
called thing that but also really weird
so the first thing I notice is that
picture which is very old now Marcus
Butler at VidCon in 2014 I'm different
can we get can we killing maybe use this
right I'm gonna gonna pause for the bit
actually I'm doing them the best clothes
right now lies we're gonna we're gonna
pause and we're gonna do a new picture
for Wikipedia okay
this it yeah one of them because how
does Wikipedia work isn't it like anyone
can change it but it has to be like
signed off by someone or something
bonkers Lloyd Butler born 18th December
1981 is an English YouTube vlogger let's
see let's see YouTube blogger is a fit
youtubers sometimes referred to as
YouTube personalities or YouTube
celebrities are a class of internet
celebrity who've gained popularity from
their videos on the video-sharing
website YouTube hey he's a youtuber and
has got his like total views subscribers
where's that on mine a YouTube
information years active 2010 to prison
good thanks which as of June 2016
there's more than 4.5 million
subscribers his second channel wall
Marcus which consists mostly of vlogs
has over 1.8 million subscribers I'd
like to change that because my second
channel doesn't consist mostly of vlogs
it used to I used to be a daily vlogger
but my second channel now is everyday
content it's fun
whatever I want to make that day Marcus
Butler started on YouTube creating music
and video mixes and edited sports
footage while in college that is correct
in 2010 he created his YouTube channel
Marcus Butler TV at via request this is
also correct Butler has done a number of
collaborations with other youtubers
including Jim Chapman Alfie deyes Caspar
Lee Tyler Oakley Jo Seok zoella Connor
Franta Lily sign sing sign sign I still
don't know it's a looser name sorry I'm
really interested Wow what look how big
hers is Lilly you killing it girl she's
got her height on there I mean can we
get my height on there I'm 187
centimeters 6 foot once maybe 6 foot one
and a half residents stick my dress on
there why not I live in London oh look
at that she's a youtuber actress author
hey we can we can put author online
motivational speaker I do talks to lots
of brands around the world I go around
and do talks in front of brands front of
agencies rapper hello
that is mine that is my occupation
rapper for me should be first
she called website I'm jealous I've even
got play button section what what does
that mean show ah that's cool that is
cool back to boring but he's part of the
YouTube boyband that raised money for
comic relief and was featured in The
Guardian Oh guys did I ever tell you I
was featured in The Guardian in 2013
Butler was a member of the fart club
fuck it's the hot club what fart club
does it's not thing I think someone's
having a laugh their YouTube channel and
holds that there's not a member of the
fart club YouTube channel its member of
the Guinness World Records YouTube
channel and holds the world record for
most farts dying 30 seconds in a team
book 3 how is that in there that is not
true there's bangles
also sorry just to clarify I have nine
Guinness World Records I'm actually that
talented now I have nine records
worldwide for Guinness World Records
titles it's just saying I've got all the
certificates if you want proof Butler's
book hello life which is part orto
biography and pot self-help book was
published on 20 2015 in the UK and in
the US on 10 November 2015 but the book
was number one bestseller because of you
guys who bought the book so if you
bought the book if you have the book
thank you I love you as of December 2015
Butler's main YouTube channels over 4
million subscribers in 290 million video
views but I was mentioned by The
Telegraph I find really funny when they
just call people by surname Butler was
mentioned by the Telegraph as one of
Britain's most influential tweeters in
2013 but along with Alfie deyes briefly
featured on the first episode of the
thirteenth series of Ant & DEC's
Saturday night takeaway as demonstrates
off that ant versus death deck task
I love how bats they're like we were in
it for the whole series like featured
through it just talks about the first
episode when we had like a much bigger
section in like the third or fourth
episode it's fine is dated isn't it but
there is currently a contestant in the
2016 celebrity edition of Celebrity
MasterChef he soon was eliminated
Oh darkness my old friend thanks guys
mine's very like factual like one like
Bam Bam Bam feel like we could add some
descriptor fantastic meal for the first
round second round had some troubles in
the kitchen messed up his brownie but
still put on a fabulous show how about
that we sit that in there what music
section look at that
was part of YouTube boyband the group
created to raise awareness and to meet
people half off also involved teamed up
over and they raise money and awareness
for comic relief on 22nd January 2016
Butler released a song with Conor
Maynard called I'm famous it entered the
UK Singles Chart on 29 January 2016 at
number 85 this is what probably annoys
me the most to be completely honest with
you because that's wrong
but I mean that is very cool I've got
this singles thing here peak chart
position what an 85 guys wasn't in the
official charts
I think it was 35 34 or 35 and the
official Official Charts Wikipedia you
can search that you can see that on the
official charts you know download it was
insane download in the UK on the iTunes
shop we've got to like number 9 in the
UK know number 11 in the UK number 99
number 3 in Estonia which is insane
but I would quite like to you know
peaked opposition also there's no
mention of the first rap I'm a rapper
that chart up 46 didn't you know didn't
quite make top 40 but you know who else
let's have a look at Shane Dawson bloody
hell it's top dog isn't it
16 million subscribers yeah that's
combined 3 billion views guys and I'm
just saying I don't have any of this but
let's see Zoe maybe is that American eh
maybe ser American youtubers oh no Zoe
has yeah oh yeah she's got Bob yeah cool
she does so okay so he's huge let's have
a look at you mate oh yeah Alfie also
has got the play buttons and he's got
all his views
yeah I am being thrown under a bus here
yeah I think there's some things that
can be changed on there things that can
be updated and definitely more content
to be held on there I don't know who's
in charge of that I don't I don't know
if someone at Wikipedia is like now
we're not gonna give you the play button
section we don't want to talk anymore
about you oh I don't know and I hope you
guys have enjoyed this video if you have
me just get thumbs up I'll see you
tomorrow no one bye
