hello hi hey with with still downstairs
and the scene is very dark feel like I'm
but I know why it's lighthouse very
sunny outside I don't know what's going
on
but the only thing I really want to film
downstairs at the end light sorry you
guys will be alright just experimenting
of locations yeah as long as you guys
are cool with that anyway today's video
is watching disgusting things and seeing
how I cope of watching those disgusting
things so this might make you feel shit
this might make you bought more bomb
everywhere I don't know my hair is like
ambushed sorry
Oh eyes are you serious hey just pops
come out of someone's nail and good
viscosity here our little website
playing a whole motion with me home
watcher Eileen god this is the most this
is the most something out watch this is
like try not to vomit challenge oh my
god how long does this one go on for I
can't matcom watch that the calm Oh this
stuck on watch this stuff wait it's not
gonna have a promise it's not gonna hurt
I would have stuck around this stuff
manage stuff man oh no you guys come
on this go and face ninety-year-old with
great blackhead extraction high or a
little autopsy I might have stopped this
video
I'm no I'm John Madden but I'm like I'm
stroke I mean strobes in this the
hardest thing I've ever had to watch
literally it's the hardest thing I had
to watch calm this is torture this
actual torture I feel like you know
Clockwork Orange when things stop to the
thing and he's made to watch the cinema
why is he so chill that's not shoving
things in his nose he's just like yeah I
literally can't watch that can you watch
that yeah can you just stand there and
watch that you find this that's a song
that'll I don't like when the blood
comes out what ruins it a bit for me
some of them are really good oh well
they'll say babe it's my little worms
coming out for nose oh ha ha
I can we please stop this is actual
torture I'm know yo this the words the
other made this the only hard not
enjoyed making a video hahaha why am I
putting myself through this love that
she's just having a normal conversation
with the guy
this is not enjoyable when you pop your
own spots do you enjoy it at all yeah
okay so you do enjoy yes
oh yeah it's like Oh fascinating it's
like your disgusting bodily fluids Oh
what is that in his mouth oh he's got a
slug in his mouth
it's a valve the glands been blocked so
example stuck and y'all haven't removed
or he managed lighters bolted it was
just thought up
oh yeah oh that's catchy look just sir
just a cheeky cheeky three centimeters
all shit just came out of my mouth how
does that happen
the last one mmm so it's saying in my
neck what what is that what is that an
animal or something what I can't deal
with this well I'm such a pussy with
this though what was it was it why are
you so excited
is it is it be a magnet what part of the
skin is this on someone what is it what
is it what was that the black cat I
thought it's a bug or something oh no
that's fine
20 years old yeah have a shower achieve
it scrub and going in there oh my god
guys that honestly felt like a cruel
torture like actual torture watching
that you're you're probably annoyed at
me from how my reactions are that was my
genuine reaction there's nothing
do about that I don't know if that was
entertaining for you to watch or not who
knows but I hope you enjoyed it give the
video a thumbs up if you did and I'll
see you tomorrow in another one
hopefully not that discussed then
alright love you guys
bye
