hey yo yo how's it going beautiful sexy
people last time I did this video where
Matt got a bunch of youtubers morphed
their faces together I had to guess what
you choose were in it you guys loved it
I aced it everyone right but one and you
guys wanted more so here is round two
twinkly glitter feature head and hair
few done super woman's mouth again well
who else what other feet should be all
here we've got someone's eyes do you
think I don't know well no need to note
like this is hard is it something that's
to other people in the photo is it
someone else's face it's Louise's face
okay someone else's eyes and mouth how
am i ever guessing that mouth that mouth
male or female Zoe no whose teeth those
bethany mota no Colleen no hey
well you'll find out you're a dick whose
eyes are they this for you to guess
isn't it no yeah she's part of a couple
marks here yes what I guess that was a
good guess uh whose mouth grace oh my
god yeah well yeah obviously now but
it's hard someone wrong already it's not
but do you know who this looks a little
bit like about the mouth well you guys
from lonely island don't think that's
right opinions not him it's not leafy is
it no looks a bit like leave me oh wait
Oh Danny Tom fires hair yes correct
his lips are a no-go really whose face
is that how many people in this three
four four that's not done face is it Joe
space know whose eyebrows are there oh
this is really hard
that banners body no oh yeah I was gonna
say night
I can't imagine damn standing like this
I need some help please okay so two odd
three other features yeah is eyes mouth
a bass yeah I know that
oh okay two of them are British one is
American the only timeline where they
know I look at mind one America what did
you say to a brother in to British Shane
Dawson's lips you know honor to die I'm
just guessing now whose are the lips
they all may have a did you say yes
literally don't wreck do I know these
people
yeah don't recognize the eyebrows after
one lives who has those lives in Vegas
Nevada need here correct which feature
not his face and body that you'll guess
that's not his face his eyebrows aren't
like that
this is his eyes no mouth no is this a
spaceman it's not that's not his
eyebrows I give this is too hard
i I can suck at this holy fuck my
amazing Phil what feature was that is
lisps oh come on they look nothing like
that in the video
yes no they do I'm not in that what was
there honey
eyes we put similar eyes on it got this
is one right much harder pretty wrong so
it's not very fun this one what what is
that those like six year olds drawing of
a scary monster well it mean it's
obviously Troy Troy but those eyes a pet
sighs well I get a point for that hello
yeah come on oh yeah how did you get
that how many Hoover image three we done
someone else's hair on Troy's yeah I
could get rid of the fridge the alphabet
oh come on now smashing this it's a bit
of a box job this what is it and the
mouth is obviously I mean you've just
percept teeth there is absolutely no way
I'm meant to be able to guess who that
is
boy or girl boy American bit older oh no
oh yeah pranks
oh not Roman outward no he's always
gonna Jesse no Frank let's brain no by
how many points are you up for that come
on ah fouseytube
oh my god Superman yes marina Joyce what
feature eyes yes and someone's mouth
Bethenny motors mouth no this is a girl
yes she Miriam no princess really yep in
the fro you know that's kind of like lip
color that she'd wear pink
oh my friends of them yeah friends not
slowly yeah that's so these yeah oh my
god and that's it there's only three
people not one so well done yeah Zoe
marina Oh a future version of Elvis
you've tried to do a little trick kit
haven't you
because it's my teeth or mouth but no
that's not it they're my teeth they they
are mighty yeah yes they are but I got
lipstick on no I don't know anything
my lips are not that pink anything
promise Ricky dinner
yeah face yeah you got two more so eyes
and hair yes it's Jim Chapman Tara no
American for which the eyes British oh
they join his eyes yes well done enjoy
give eye contact so I know them
yes oh it's Connors hair yes yeah it's
kind of friend is there ah well my lips
are very pink there
you have a picture Ricky that's my joke
course get lip bite in there my hair's
quite fair actually but the natural hair
color is quite fair
come on I did pretty well hit me 13 once
we got 5 wrong yeah all right oh yeah
that was a lot harder than the previous
arm but it's kind of more enjoyable when
it's harder so I hope you guys enjoyed
it if you want more of this we can
continue as a series let me know and I
will see you tomorrow with another video
bye
