hello and welcome to a vlog I'm in an
airport I'm going to Moscow to watch the
World Cup final with Zara I am in
Heathrow we're flying to Rome because
all the flights were sold out to Moscow
I think it's because loads of English
people thought England we're going to
well cup and obviously we didn't get
there so that's the different story
we're not going to talk about I'm very
lucky to be going to the final I'm going
with American Tourister hopefully it's
gonna be a trip full of fun for the
Russian experiences and obviously
watching a final of the World Cup have
you ever been to Moscow what are you
excited to see in Moscow yeah it's very
hot there so I was actually in Russia a
couple days ago to watch England in the
semi-final I watched us lose I was only
there for about 18 hours so I had
literally no chance to explore Russia so
at least this trip I'm gonna hopefully
see a little bit more Russia anyway
we're getting on a plane now I will see
you in Rome and look at that all of a
sudden in Moscow I arrived late last
night so I'm filming at Han and slept in
the world's most comfortable bed I
already saw today today is the day of
that final the World Cup final it is
mentally I'm here to think I'm lucky
enough to be going to watch the World
Cup final so yeah like I said I'm here
American Tourister Dada this is my bad
boy that they've given me for the trip
apparently it's supposed to look like a
speaker which obviously kind of does I
read of this color so if you're one of
those people who struggles to find their
case when it comes out on the belt
you're not gonna struggle with that are
you that's what I like about that
today's plan is obviously watching the
final combine with a lot of other stuff
come on come I have a lot of other stuff
but first it's the gym my view here is
your first look on Moscow I mean it's a
lovely blue sky and a building that
could be pretty much anywhere in the
world so that's more scary
there's a big Tower wow that is a very
cool building first step into Moscow
town and we're gonna go check out pop-up
store in a shopping center also
representing Russian right now
do you like my t-shirt well if you ever
wanted to know what a shopping mall in
muscle it's a pretty impressive
all right now I'm very impressed with
high how that fountain is if you can see
he likes it too how is it just getting
water everywhere that's what I don't
understand
Zara Zara Zara a few periods the man
himself obviously was my case the
question is who looks better probably
him and my case just all of a sudden
appeared right here it's not my case but
it's the exact case I do have do I look
I think okay so before we go through the
World Cup final we have come to the pop
ups or in a shopping center in Moscow
there we go
obviously football themed for the World
Cup the man himself here holding my case
so one didn't quite make the right
whether appropriate choices today when
choosing one's outfit they decided to go
for an all-black outfit black jeans and
the weather is should have dressed like
Zara
hello Zara as house I was dressed very
excited we've just come for lunch in
this place that's incredible
well that's what we're about to share
thank you splashy blur here it is it's
rubber ding coffee as well
smells amazing food marker where we ate
was just in there in the left
I like that in Moscow they make the
effort of the person actually walking
so we have made it to an area where
there's lots of people is this Red
Square this is not Red Square guys I'd
be around here oh is this London
no its Moscow games quite quite a lot of
London vibes around here though this is
apparently an amazing theater lots of
lovely ballet goes on we're going in Wow
lots of people so apparently this is
where Moscow starts and you stand on
there and you flip a coin for your wish
everyone's lining up yeah that's mine
Oh checked it's real yeah oh he's got
another one is that ah he's got he's got
a thing on stick what a cheeky little
snake you're gonna steal the money of
the little boy apparently this is where
everyone goes to play the drums and like
build up the atmosphere so
so this is a traditional Russian ice
lolly I'm gonna try it was packed like
this 50 years ago
Tucker choc-ice bazaar was just trying
really hard to get a picture of her ice
cream in the fountain and I wanted to
film an apparent is a famous fountain
and obviously it's very football themed
yay okay a little bit of history this
place here people used to get executed
literally right and that I just got told
at this building which looks incredible
was built in the 15th century so like
five or six hundred years ago and after
the architect finished there the king
stabbed him in the eyes because he
didn't want anyone else to have a tower
like that so he made the architect blind
Arthur mental not sure if I said but
this is Road square Kremlin over there
and then it's massive Moscow is one
giant piece of lamb in Russia as one
giant is enough rhaskos just too much
hey we are making way to stadium now
still massively regretting my healthy
choice today so good one last time
what's it gonna be like there is a lot
of people oh but it looks like a lot of
space compared to London we're here
we're sweaty but we are here for your 20
minutes here till kickoff we have made
here we go
hi I'm pretty age relations with
that's why one of the big France racks
in a win by one Croatia to
is this gonna be a go
zero zero
Oh
nyow time Croatia
bring that game
well how was that shower
good yeah just just what I wanted came
out the game it was like Jenai fancy a
shower I am wet would you look at that
in another airport back in Heathrow
London it's been a long journey it's
been a long week at eight fights in six
days being an adventure but yeah what an
experience watching one car flying off
thank you two American tourists that
freaked me out
thank you for the lovely suitcases it's
our life sir - yes or that but yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed the video hope you
liked watching the experience give it
and enjoyed it and I will see you guys
very soon bye
