hello how you doing how you don't win
that boat yes I've got new hair my hair
is blonde
yes I'm Draco Malfoy yes I'm Aaron
Ramsey
yes I'm house of you people been saying
I am I'm like every other person who's
got blond hair oh no but on this video I
thought it'd be really funny to react to
the comment on my hair react to like
hate comments because when I posted the
first picture there was a lot of like am
i packing guard and it was like making
me laughs I'm gonna go back for it my
favorite comment maybe I'll take Basel
my favorite comments are when it's like
it's just people would just like dye
your hair back okay yeah I will listen
to you and just dye my hair back you
guys know I like my hair I'm very happy
with the hair so if you don't like it
I'm not anyway right so I posted this
picture now in hindsight what I did is I
took the selfie and snapchat and did the
slide across so it like lightened
everything so that picture is very white
compared to what the hatch is in real
life there's sixteen thousand comments
on this so I'm just gonna click load and
see what I can do but the fight kappa so
handsome brings out your eyes
I don't like his hair white I liked the
old Marcus ah old mark is well guys if I
get bored
you've got remember my old hair is just
here you can see it's coming through so
we don't know what's gonna happen yet
but for right now we're rocking with
this I don't know it's like it's all the
good thing is that you like your hair
don't listen to anyone if they don't
like it just don't let that there bring
you down I like that
don't let the bring you down I will
never let the bring me down oh my god
you're like the snow white no offense
but you look like Malfoy and not in a
good way see this is the thing wrote IQ
I googled mouth works as oh oh yeah what
does mouth Willard I haven't much hope
in a while my hair looks nothing like
Malfoy I like his hair is blonde my hair
is like platinum blonde the style the
face light I mean it's not really much
similarities there why would you do that
seven exclamation marks
because I wanted to if anyone that
actually knows me knows that I've wanted
to do that bike do something to my hair
for well over a year it's just I was way
too much of a pussy to do it and to was
like oh just dues good as any was in the
hairdressing shears like would you ever
want to do color I was like funny to say
I wanted to dye my hair for literally
like a year but I'm just too scared and
I'm showing her pictures and she was
like let's literally do it next haircut
let's just do it and I was like okay
yeah let's let's do it oh no no no no no
I love the hair it I haven't this is so
Marmite this hair what have you become
nothing loads we were like oh my god
you've gone off the rails or like you've
changed what's happened
guys I'm literally the exact same person
just for this choice I can different
with my hair I don't know I can't
believe you did that to your hair it
looks awful oh my god
change it back no markers everyone's
like change it back this is the other
thing though you can't just like change
it back because it's hard to get my
natural hair color back like that so
like it has to grow out why have you
dyed your hair I liked the other one I
like the other one too I just just like
you know what we're just gonna change up
a bit we're just gonna freestyle he
looks like a meringue spelt mi r ang no
hey this person knows what they're
talking about
guys it's bleached you can't just change
it back yeah this is the other thing
like when I post that picture is
obviously the color is like straight
away it was that day it was like very
intense I've had it for now ten days and
it's being washed out and stuff so it's
more a little more that's a natural
that's definitely unnatural but it's a
little more like faded and fits better
then let's go to this in tram picture
which I posted the other day where it's
more like it is now
I found as it's gone on more people have
been like I hated your hair at first but
I've got used to it so I'm like oh
that's nice
why would he dye his hair what was he
thinking wish I knew it's a damn shame
that's all I'm gonna say Marcus your
hair is perfect see there's a mop
there's a lot more like nice ones in a
row then fucking hell ooh his hair color
now hahaha
Marcus you look so refreshed thank you
please hangs your hair back everyone
hates it they are just saying please
change it back at Marcus Butler well in
the war CEO eight more people are saying
that they like it and they don't like it
on this picture so your brows and
stubble aren't the same color do em do
them next
this is think those we were like oh we
go do like hairs on saying I personally
like that contrast like I like having a
little bit of stubble and my brows
metric I'm not gonna like start dyeing
my whole bloody body hair that's a bit
intense might sound weird but you look
so much like Draco Malfoy of that hair I
may sound weird but I'm a huge Potter
head
you kind of look like Malfoy ha ha ha ha
you changed your hair color I did indeed
what's happened to your hair your hair
is ugly just saying least you said it
loving the hair Marcos it looks really
good on you and you also look really
happy in this photo that's very sweet of
you
nice he AR h EI er not gonna lie think
his hair it's sick me too I didn't think
it would suit him at first
Thanks what did you do to your hair it
looks terrifying bad hair all right and
then let's just move on to a YouTube
video the new me here we go the new me
and we have got 9,000 comments Marcus
have a shave all of your beard off
annual of ten times better 39 thumbs up
I the thing is when I shave my beard I
look like a 16 year old boy so right now
it's like the longest I'll probably ever
have it with this hair but I don't know
about shaving the whole thing off widget
like what do you think this is that this
is a thing where I'm like what do you
think like I'm not like oh I'm just
gonna do this I'm like genuinely what do
you think of the beard with the hair
shorter not definitely not longer he's
like a young version of Max Joseph from
catfish
well hello Draco shave your beard you
look so much penner and oh my god that
work I like the old you oh oh wow oh I
really liked your hair it suits you very
well I love it when the roots come out
of it but this is actually really lovely
as well well the roots are starting to
come out we don't care what your hair
looks like we just love you that's very
cute soon we'll be a coming out video I
know it what what is dyeing my hair got
to do with being gay like also I'm not
gay so it's not gonna be a coming out
video you look rather like a hench more
attractive Draco Malfoy not a bad look
if I say so myself I saw it on Joe's
vlog and Jim's vlog and it looks a lot
better in a neutral light or natural
light that is true in a natural light so
I've got like my group of best mates who
I went to school with and they're like
oily hair so I sent them a picture that
it was got done they're all like what
have you done then I saw them all in
real life then I ought to be fair looks
better in real life although they of
course for own banter reference center
logo Ramsay oh shit about Navarro Ramsay
oh oh this is interesting I don't know
who you are so it looks normal to me
whereas it seems your fans seem to find
it odd but maybe that's because they're
used to your old look looks good
36 thumbs up thank you next Colin what
the fuck is on his head
brilliant well they were that was quite
fun reading through that honestly like
I'm not offended if you don't like it I
appreciate your honesty and I will take
your comments on board but for now I'm
happy with it I like it so maybe we all
see what happens right give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I will
see you tomorrow with another video all
right love you guys goodbye
