yo hello guys welcome back to the
channel welcome to a as gonna save vlog
I don't know what it's gonna be it's
probably gonna be a bit of a mess
so it's Fashion Week Men's Fashion Week
in London I've been to Fashion Week's
before I've been lucky enough to go to
Fashion Week's all over the world but
I've never really done it properly in
the sense of I've gone to random shows
here and there you know I've gone to a
Calvin Klein show gun to this show where
random rents have invited me but I've
never kind of properly done it where you
go back-to-back shows every single day
then you go to parties then you go
that's a lot and I in hindsight ordered
this video to be really well planned the
main reason I'm filming is I want to
show you what I'm wearing and the
different thoughts that went through my
head so that in mind I'm having to leave
in 10 minutes so I don't have loads of
time so instead I think it's gonna be
like me coming in to you guys and being
like everyday oh this is why did this is
what was wearing etc etc we're just
gonna just freestyle just gonna see how
it is so today's outfit I'm going to
some smart shows so I'm going to Lew
Dalton I'm going to Oliver Spencer and
I'm going to Vogue party tonight now
Oliver Spencer is pretty smart and I
like to have my style is more Street
where I rarely dress up smart so that
how can I mix smart with my street style
look I got help from my friend Tom who
helped me style this but I feel good I
feel comfortable confident and I was
like it so I'm gonna try and show you
I've gone for a buttoned up white shirt
underneath a pack EULA shirt and on the
front it says don't I can't read in the
mirror don't trip Kate Cara Kendall
let's go party with that top sure see I
think it's quite cool for Fashion Week
I've gone with my ass off so so I should
tell ya the white shirts from Topman
there's just a nice fitted white shirt
this is from Acula I've gone from some a
sauce cropped black trousers which are a
slim fit they're not too tight they're
kind of a bit baggy and really loose and
then shoes I've got some dsquared the
trade is kind of keeping it simple they
got a nice little red touch on the top
they've got thick white sole I think
just really adds to the look and then to
complete the luck I'm throwing on the
sunglasses dicen what's the deal these
the ones that actually broke and don't
tell anyone you can see I've lost a new
species so when a winner for a long
period of time get a dent in the nose
but hey that's fine it's fine it's
fashion right so yeah that's my outfit
for day one so yeah this is the look
I've also thrown a chain on around the
top which sits nicely there yeah that's
my look look one what I'm going to do
with all of these outfits I'm going to
put links where I can to everything
below so if you're interested in finding
them more finding might even put
alternatives if you know they're not
there anymore something open in a link
wish me luck
I will check back in with you so I'm
definitely gonna come home for you to
the party and change outfit
I've got an outfit I'm really happy with
flaps oh okay well show you the living
room so if being am gonna lie on my
outfits out of hand we've kind of got a
variety here this is potentially
tonight's outfit we got a log orange
here going on orange orange orange got a
full gray outfit I'm going for a lot of
block colors I've got a full grey outfit
with very cool jumper I wish I might
rock with these haven't worn before
these are kind of pretty cool so Nikes
I've got another option here for a more
class they've got a sailor on top with a
custom leather jacket that I picked up
before with some smart trousers and some
Calvin boots then I've just got another
option here a bit more chilled on off
white Nike top with cool patent trouser
and maybe they're all true fools
that's my workings of last night it was
a bit of stress from being honest I've
also got my other options of shoes there
yep I'm being honest guys I just came
back from Berlin yesterday so came back
and I went to had to go straight to
dolce gabbana because I had a fitting
cuz I'm walking there next weekend which
is very exciting but I had a fitting
there and then I just had last night to
prepare everything I was like never done
this before
that's it I'm gonna go and I will catch
up with you guys probably when I come
home
everyone film the daisies everyone hit
the daisies
hello still the same day I'm just
wearing different outfit we'll get to
that in a minute first today's been
great I mean it's been so nice how Jim
what's really great about Jim is he has
been in London Fashion Week for about
four years so he kind of knows everyone
and he was great introduced me to Rome
which was really nice there's a lot of
familiar faces I already know that and
seen in a while so it was just nice to
catch up and hang out and it wasn't too
stressful that's the thing with the
comparison to women's fashion weeks that
I've been to men's is just a breeze you
know women's is there's so many people
is so today was chill I liked it I came
home because I had some hours to kill
and I want to change outfit because
we're going to two parties tonight so
I'm going to a both party and a little
booth doll Christian the bouton party so
should be pretty cool I look like I'm
about to step onto a football pitch that
is because the top I'm wearing I was
given by Nike the other day it is
amazing it's a club that they've done
with off-white and yeah we kind of wash
away the outfit all right start from the
bottom we got some orange Nikes now
fun fact these were actually bought for
my music video and the rapper so years
ago yeah we got hair and Preston sucks
you got the Aces trousers that was very
earlier and it kind of just goes we got
orange vibe going on so we got this
oversized football top like I said it's
off-white I love the sort of football
style it's got a number on the back
number 12 and then I've matched it with
my orange striped off-white bag which
I've had for a while but I love this
little bed well I don't really know how
to wear it though because some people
wear them like this and that's you know
that's cool but I don't know just the
way it flops off a bit if you look from
this side it just looks a bit funny
rather than here so I think you're maybe
rocking it on the side and then I like
on the back and then you've got the
strap over the front so let's go and see
what tonight's like I don't know if I'll
be able to film a thing but I will come
back and update you goodbye
anyone that's watched gems story we need
contact if your honor if you're at a
party and you can't get a drink as the
queue at the bar is too long you see a
perfectly normal cocktail on the floor
ice is still there would you take it we
would we did
Oh guys guys guys I might be real with
you
I don't know why this has become the
vlogging spot but this is the vlogging
spot you may hear I sound a bit nasally
I sound a bit nasally because of last
night's events we went to GQ style and
Brown's party at an incredible place
called Annabelle's and I had the time my
life being completely honest I usually
have massive social anxiety when I go to
events I can really really really don't
like doing it especially I think I've
talked about before especially if I have
someone who I don't know or if I'm good
like if I have to go on my own I just a
lot of the time I don't go because I
struggle with this thought of going into
the building not knowing anyone going to
party everyone's cliquey everyone knows
each other and you're just gonna be
still don't know my kids so it's really
annoying but I had the amazing guys
phrasing Laura with me from premiere and
they just looked after me and we just
had an amazing time the main reason had
an amazing time was because I met my
idol Virgil here's a pic it was a weird
moment I said you know how does he drink
and then I just saw him on dance floor
and I was like he just looked so cool
and so chill and everything and Laura
was like calm let's just go talk to him
and try and get your photo and I was
like oh my god no no no no contest like
this that walk my lord already started
walking towards him as like and he was
great he was just cool we had a picture
which scene and Laura said that I was
wearing some of his stuff the other day
and loads the street-style
people like to pitch though and he was
just like wow man thank you I'm so
honored and I was just like that was
nice but I kind of forgot to film
anything in the room yesterday because I
ended up being in a mental rush my fault
couldn't choose an outfit if you've got
an Instagram you are seeing I was using
you guys helping it like I couldn't
choose an outfit so I like finally got
really on was like oh my god I've got no
time to film anything done' put some
pictures in from yesterday from the
outfit was wearing yesterday I was
wearing Gucci shoes I was wearing
trousers track trousers from other
Celeron t-shirt and I have a really cool
coat from Machine Co where
is a place that I went to yesterday and
yeah yes it was just a great day in my
life just happy want to show you that
I've got a bit more preparation today in
terms of what I'm wearing I'm not really
sure on it so today's very she'll order
for its one thing I'm going to a bar
presentation kind of I'm rocking this
double denim look yeah so again with the
boots which from a sauce the beige boots
you're not the double denim as you can
see is off-white double denim so you got
little on the back come back I don't
know if it's too much and then
underneath got one my favorite t-shirts
had a bit of color and hair and pressed
and so you can see it's kind of like a
different color vibe and then I'm
rolling they got some quite nice detail
on the sleeves it's Russian and it
stands for style of steel makers in
style there you go as you can see I've
rolled it up there and also there so
this is what I'm kind of going with I
think it's a bit more low-key but so I'm
going with idea this has been washed and
it looks really funny I need to like
slap it out so yeah that is being pretty
much my experience and yeah I wanted to
share this journey with you in some way
and explain it and talk about it and be
nice for me anyway so I hope it's been
interesting / enjoyable for you guys
sorry I didn't like film much out and
about but kind of give you a heads up
loading to do anyway but yeah I don't
know this might be the end might not be
but give the video a thumbs up I will
try and put links to everything from all
of the outfits in the description if I
can find them if not I'll try and find
alternatives for you if you're
interested and yeah that's it alright
see you later
like
