hello I'm smiling like that because
today's video is a little bit strange
I'm gonna be reacting to porn now not
pornography in its in that sense if
you've seen porn most people probably
have some of you might not know what is
that's fine don't watch it till you're
there is acting involved so this is me
reacting to bad acting within that if
you're watching this and you're not
meant to be watching this anyway you
probably should know that from the title
so don't have a go in the comments just
saying right here we go
let's sit I'm quite nervous that's this
what if I get a bit excited
lemony lemons why she walk around lemon
tree why should anything at all you wish
you were a lemon if you were a lemon I
would put you on my shelf and cherish
you like that if you were a lemon I
would put y'all my shelf and cherish you
like I cherish all our other lemon I'm
quite intrigued as to where that went
though where did the sex come from there
anyway next on you brought my car your
book my god the pan down on that shows I
just like pan down to our boobs oh fuck
you
oh I can't handle this this is gobies
guys first thing he's ever done in his
life
I'm sorry bitch bitch somebody think
about it Oh what do I have to do how can
I get away from paying that okay oh my
god wow really I'm sorry you you would
not live like that on a plane top undone
a hair light everywhere that looks real
pitbull comment what is happening why
teach shit like bouncing so much like
this why is he still like this I don't
get why he's constantly like this fuck
is wrong how is this hole
you'd watch this Alton are you sure
that's born not just the shit is that
thing I've ever witnessed
oh you know when it started at music
written for something special he looks
too old too old onions right yeah you
gonna do this is this your bag oh that's
just picturing that happening here
that's 50 pounds I've got no money what
can I do
yes thank God
oh let's discuss their Oh
I'm closing that video oh yeah that was
a that was an interesting video wasn't
it folks hope you enjoyed it ha ha ha
I'm gonna see you tomorrow with a
different video bye
