hi Lee hello we get the welcome back to
a becoming German video also a couple of
things yes I've got a shaved head now
buzz cut if you don't for me in
Instagram surprise yeah I love it
don't care if you don't like it but I
love it anyway welcome back to a
becoming German video a series that I
started a couple months ago on my
journey to learning German if this is
the first time you're watching this I
would recommend going back and watching
the others to kind of see where I'm at
so just a little update I guess before I
kind of get into explaining what I've
learned one of my biggest things was
always I get really nervous to speak it
when I go into coffee shops are going to
shops I know I can order something in
German I could go into a shop and say if
nema ein cafe bitte
I can do that but I don't because I just
get really paranoid that they're gonna
respond with something that I'm not
gonna understand them or I've tried it
perform people just reply it in English
so I'm like thanks yeah cool I won't try
that again
but saying that I just thought okay
literally it you know who cares I'm
trying to learn I need to really force
myself get over that and just go in and
try and speak German where I can and I
meant into subway I had a subway after I
got this tattoo in the train station I
was like I can order a subway it doesn't
matter the iron iron that may be wrong
some of the grammar may be wrong but I
got by and that was a real kind of yes
you you can do this following on from
that Zephie one icon of the year in
Germany last month and we were there in
Munich for the award ceremony she was
going through some brass or stuff that
she had to do and I was meeting her mum
and me and her mum we spent some time
together alone when we when Sophie was
in the hospital which had her operation
I dropped her mum back to the airport in
Stephanie's car and that was the first
time we'd really been alone together and
we couldn't really speak because back
then I didn't I wasn't actually learning
German and she can't speak English
and we couldn't really speak so this was
a real test me since I've been learning
I guess for the past two to three months
to see if I had any improvements in that
and it was really nice because we could
actually have a basic conversation you
know some of us have an unsafe ever and
there's still a lot of hands but we
could have a basic conversation about I
know about the weather or when we were
in the car on the way to where the show
was I was able to like Artic the driver
how long is the drive and that just
really gave me confidence and also they
helped speaking to Stephie's mom Helena
for a period of time it just really
helped fast-forward again we went on a
family holiday
my parents Stephanie's parents they'd
never met before they don't speak
English why not go in a family holodeck
sounds like a great idea right it went
fine but that was a real this was a
couple of weeks ago and I was speaking
German her there that was my chance to
practice again and every day we would
speak a little bit like I don't know I
could say things like hostile good gosh
laughing and I think that means did you
sleep well
Vince do volleyball spielen to her dad
it's like will you play volleyball with
me or will you play volleyball and just
little basic things that I feel you know
once you learn Vince do or has to things
like that is like they mean so have you
or and do you want to kind of you can
then start using more things so Vince do
I earn cafe drinkin do you want to drink
coffee I think that's right uh-huh
three hugs I don't have anyone here
who's like that's right that's wrong
so that again really helped my German
now what I have struggled with I'm not
gonna lie since coming back from the
holiday I've been so busy getting back
into work stuff I haven't had time to
actually practice on my app every day or
even rarely I went on and did a quick
vocabulary checkup and I was fine but I
haven't really progressed much on my
apps and that's sad and I think that
really is gonna struggle in staying on
top of things when I'm not in Germany
and I'm not around german-speaking
people not having that
constant practice or constant learning
and it's something I really need to just
focus on is finding time for that you
know it's all about priorities and
wherever it's ten minutes where it's an
hour just spending some time on that so
with all of that said I thought good
ways for these videos like I said I
don't want to do like tests and stuff
maybe we can get onto that when I want
to become a bit better but I need to
make a note of the things that I've
learned the things that I've learned
through my app and also having
conversations like I said I made a
little notes on my phone
what I've learned days of the week and
I'm gonna leave it up for you guys to
test me with this because I know there's
some Germans watching this and also
people who probably speak German so yeah
days of the week Monday Montague Tuesday
Dienstag Wednesday mid-walk Thursday
Donna stag Friday Freitag Saturday
Samstag Sunday sonntag and by the way if
you saw the notes on my my phone I don't
have like them written out so that is
just me saying I know I know the days of
the week I'm just gonna braise them
sorry if this is a bit like sketchy at
times I'm just quite excited and I feel
like I have so much want to say so it
might jump around a bit but with the app
and learn actually learning rather than
just picking things up one thing I would
say is very very hard with German that I
am getting my head around and it's
getting a bit easier but is the
pronunciation of things and writing now
writing of German word down is so hard
it's like how it sounds compared to how
it's written down it's different or it's
not as simple as it seems and that's
getting my head around things a little
bit I've come on I'll come back to that
in a bit
anyway I feel like I've got much better
with numbers I could always count to ten
very easily I can now count to 20 and
count to a hundred pretty easily I'd say
so
I'm tried fearful Zechs Ziva nacht 910 L
twelve thirteen fifteen from teen
Jackson zips in 1819 try cs30
it's van sick and how I explained before
once you hit 20 its then
a little bit complicated because you
have to go I'm understand sick
dry and it's Nancy try and slam sick
here and run sick food and ran sick
Zechs and Rancic zips and stancy Acton's
Nancy nine hands-on sick through Isaac
so you go one and 22 and 23 and that
carries on so try to finish from six
sexy zips ik @ ik 9900 that was me going
40 50 60 70 80 90 hundred now again
please in the comments in a nice way
don't be don't be mean I'm just up just
a little just a man trying to learn with
a brown see Asian with anything I get
wrong just please him for me because
that's gonna help me learn right numbers
I feel like I've got much better at
numbers one of the things I was learning
was conversations now the app I'm using
babble is genuinely really helpful for
getting by in conversations for example
Z vention XIV Incheon the answer at
pronunciation is common for if you're in
a restaurant or a coffee or a cafe shop
whatever that's what would you like and
that is what someone would usually say
to you so someone's gonna may say see
b√ºndchen and then it's up to you to
reply which comes with Neiman
if Naima Neiman is I always for some
reason want to say it's need but it's
not need Neiman is like taking there
like ik namer Island cafe bitter I will
take a coffee please
naman is an irregular verb which I blow
it would be better if I've written this
out they write us out actually and that
actually hates it because he bought
these flashcards while writing like I
mean let me let me write off shows and
stuff
I had a noxious because here in for
Jackman write Z what do I say I'm doing
name it Neiman I'm just gonna write out
his name
do what I list you can't think of that
huh if do at Z ass obviously you got ear
you got veer on it that's why I'm via
sorry
via Nima
yeah horse named Ian impt think that's
right
I hope this isn't backwards just I
wanted to show you because I feel like
it's good for me to learn Neiman take
him
if Naima do nips you see like because
it's a regular rather than E it changes
to an AI air
same again keeps the eye then for the
rest you've got via Nima and it goes
back to the infinitive a NIM emp'd neamt
I'm not sure if that's right z Neiman
and that's really helpful for like I
said knowing what to do because I used
to go in a place I think you can also
use it with mister if mister is like I
would like if mr. Vyse brutal brutal
vasa bitter
I would like to sparkling waters please
you can kind of use it in the same way I
think but I think Nieman is is used more
for that oh yes okay also telling the
time VV that I find this really hard so
this Y needs practice
this is one of the first things that
used to try and say to me I remember
when we first write back it started
dating I woke up from Stephanie like we
woke up and she she was speaking German
to me in the morning and she was saying
we feel arrests if we feel arrests v
fear hua is s and I went what should I
be fear hua SS or whatever and she got
like quite aggressive and I was like
what the you talking about and
she's like oh my god sorry she was still
half asleep I find it really hard the
time so in Germany they say when they're
telling the time England's a bit weird I
figured this so even though we use the
24-hour clock on our phone on clocks etc
we don't say it so when it's 2 o'clock
in the afternoon we just go to or you
know 2 p.m. or 2:00 in the afternoon we
would never go it's 14 14 o'clock you
know we just we don't do that but the
Germans do do that that's confusing for
me so someone might just say V fear us
SS can't say it and I think soul might
just say threat teen
right and that's one o'clock s is to
right teen who I don't think you say it
like that but the early confusing thing
if it's 7:30 in the UK youth says half
seven if it's 7:30 in German in German
7:30 you'd say help act so you go is
like half of the number of our head so
it you essentially be saying half eight
which is a little bit confusing to get
your head around I can't remember them
off top my head now feel quite stupid
cuz I haven't refreshed it but saying
quarter two and quarter past is like
Viet via to via to something let me
refresh another thing I was learning was
van has to site so site is time I don't
think you can ask someone like has to D
has to D site I don't know if that's the
right deidara that's but like have you
the time have you the time in it like
you wouldn't say that I don't think but
van has dude site is like when do you
have time to me to hang out that's where
I'm up to learning so that's what I'm
moving in to learn oh oh yeah okay so a
quarter past is via tell via till now so
via till knock act quarter past 8:00 and
quarter 2 is a comma a quarter - so it's
the same says yeah futile war futile war
vital for the fetal for us quarter to a
little nook vehicle for I think that
plantations probably not right but yeah
so that's telling your time roughly I'm
like I really need to practice that so
if any of you guys have advice hey I
told you about VIPs to Bali Bush Phelan
Vince - Vince - is Valen Valen I think
is the indefinite if if yeah if we'll do
this a with Vivid volunteer volunteer
volt and the Boland that's right another
verb that I get really confused with is
and Kernan and Walla Walla clinic
remember it now I got that right sorry
I'm just I'm happy with myself I'm
checking so Balin if we'll do build
advil fear valen air volt and I think I
think that's what I said I don't even
have told you what Bolognese is like
wanting like you know one to Asheville
schlafen I want to sleep
evil laughing I want to walk or run
I think laughs and is walking or running
kernan and I can remember can let me
have a look Anna o Kenan that was a can
but what does can come from it's like
Coonan sorry sorry I took awhile Coonan
Coonan says is like will can or will so
it's never irregular because it changes
to from Coonan to can like it's canna it
can I tell you it can do canst air can
via Coonan it Kunze Coonan that confuses
me I get really confused with that
because I know like Kemp's do is asking
someone like can you can't do mine handy
gaben I don't know even give can't can
you give me my phone I don't know if
that's the right but that's what I say
so it's Coonan and something else I get
confused if Coonan and something else
that sounds similar to Coonan like
Kernan or something but I can't remember
anyway what I haven't learned a tool
which I I don't know when it's gonna
come in my jamming learning I don't know
when to start learning it is any other
tenses so at the moment I just know
present tense other then has to grutas
schlafen and i know that is like have
you had a good sleep which is obviously
in the past and all I've learned so far
is that a lot of the words at the end so
lot of the verbs so schlafen you just
add a gush lava has to good gig Essen
have you eaten did you have a good food
or something or has to guess them has to
do good drinkin have you drunk has to do
ssin I'm making out I don't know that
in have you showered has two visits and
have you been sitting I'm really
stretching the verb to Haas to - pre him
have you spoken remember I'm not
teaching you German I'm just sharing my
journey
yeah numbers up to a hundred I explained
that and also like a kind of goes in the
whole conversation things starting from
XIV inch and the conversation of being
in a restaurant and like I said that's
cost it that's cost it D far Carter what
cost you're basically saying like how
much does the ticket cost far Carter is
ticket that's cost it DSM Oh Daesan
sorry
I think that's coaster that's t-shirt
that's cost that that's coaster Wow all
the words you going out my head D
literally can't remember them do you
pull over rascal said the Clyde that's
posted D fly distress by the way that's
clustered oh so I tend to go D on
everything so I think I'm forever
gonna struggle with Daddy and us so
there really is no way to learn that you
just have to learn the words both costs
the D schewe that's coaster deal ampere
yeah I mean you understand it's like how
much does it cost and that's kind of it
that's what we want in my notes what
I've learned so I feel like this has
been a big update on what I have learned
and yeah it's kind of all over the place
is not really structured to it but I do
really feel like I'm progressing and
like I said it was the first time I
really kind of felt something from
speeding Sethi's my being able to like
get by talking to her that was a real
like ah this is cool like what you're
doing is actually working and yes I
can't have a basic conversation with
someone or an in-depth conversation but
I can say this dust better how is the
weather V is how but I don't know if you
say
B is dust letter anyway so that's what I
saying so sorry if it's a bit all over
the place but that's my update as always
I'm always up for your tips to carry on
learning to carry on growing to carry on
my knowledge so if you guys have any
tips let me know like I said if I made
mistakes please don't be horrible just
tell me just help me help a brother out
yeah that's it really so I don't know
how long how long how frequently I'm
gonna do these these videos I feel like
I'm gonna do I don't want to ever force
them but they seem to go down really
well of you guys and I don't ever want
to force it so I want to do them when I
have stuff to update you on you know and
I've actually been learning things so
yeah that's what I'm gonna do and I will
see you guys on this channel very soon
we have a different video so yeah give
video a thumbs up and seize him
