hello today we are going to take part in
something together we're gonna we're
gonna really work together as a team on
this went on our work together as team
because you're not here in real life
time with me when this is being filmed
but doesn't matter we gonna spiritually
work together with this because we are
going to be guessing actors but no
guessing the actor just by that bar so
yeah I mean I've definitely stared at a
lot of butts throughout my time so it
probably means I'll be good at this
all right here we go I do not know what
this is gonna have in store okay first
picture who's that
I think that's Ryan Reynolds no it's not
J I can never say his last name
Gyllenhaal Glenn Hall Gyllenhaal oh
that's cool it shows the video as well
so that's the video Kevin's from fair
enough not a good start oh my god
is but is that Michael Fassbender's
Viggo Mortensen you know is Chris
Hemsworth Brad Pitt's it's not Brad Pitt
think he's a bit too he's not hench
enough Chris Hemsworth no I'm like
Fassbender yes yes and did you see his
do you see there's Willie there I'm not
entirely sure on that whose butt is this
is that Gerald but do you know what I
didn't even see if that's Gerald Butler
I'm just going to help your Butler oh
it's not cool but the fact I guess that
without seeing one of suggestions Jude
Law what oh my god he looks so different
no way no way is that Jude Law mental
whose butt is this oh do you is that I'm
pretty sure you see is not what
important I didn't know it's not
Christian Bale don't know it could be
Mark Ruffalo don't know who Oscar Isaac
is our case Orlando Bloom
no my butt's hey why is this all male
but where's the female butts at oh yeah
you kind of do see his is not a little
bit whose butt is well that is hardly
that I mean that's not really fair
picture of that how am I meant to know
that I can't see anything
Tom Hardy James Franco henry cavill
christopher meloni i henry cavill knew
it of course I knew it what films that
from I don't know what film that's from
I got it right whose butt is that that
I'm trying to look without oh I think
that could be Chris Hemsworth you know
Tom Cruise Christian Bale Sean yeah it's
not it's not Christian Bale I know could
it be Christian Bale
but don't think it's Christian Bale I
don't think it's henshin up for crimson
chris hemsworth but it looks like the
sensor from behind no Chris hemp I was
Christian Bale why don't I go my
instinct Christian bloody Bale whose
butt is that that is that Mark Wahlberg
that is not even on the list not Chinese
am don't know who oh no Chris heaven is
um Captain America Hugh Jackman not
hensch enough Liam Holmes I'm gonna name
him whose life No who was that who was
it it was you what clearly don't know
what I am that's like from behind three
out of seven right well yeah who cares I
don't know my butt's alright
but yeah maybe you guys guessed better
than me I don't know I've never thought
this is such a weird video isn't it but
yeah anyway I'm gonna go now because
it's a little bit weird so hope you
enjoyed it and I'll see you tomorrow
with another video all right bye
