our card everyday yeah yeah yeah hello
hello hello first things first
excuse the hair done nothing - I've
literally just come back from Manchester
from a stag night get my hair cut later
cool anyway welcome to a video which
I've said I've wanted to do for a long
time and it's kind of like not a
favorites video but with the relaunch of
this channel I said that I wanted to
show you guys things I'm interested in
fashion and grooming electronics
whatever that may be and I've kind of
got so much stuff that I've even bought
or very kindly been gifted I know I just
want to sit here and kind of share it
with you and show it to you and see what
you think
with that being said I'm gonna go
through categories first I'm gonna go
through grooming okay first things first
I have a new tattoo I have a few tattoos
you may know by have a new tattoo now
when I got my first tattoo I got given
this product and it was called hustle
butter yeah just just just focus on on
this hustle butter basically is kind of
like a combination of coconut oil mixed
with other very natural substances and
ease up my first tattoo and it was
amazing to help the healing and also
just moisturize the skin and make it
kind of look a bit fresher so I would
highly recommend this you can get it on
Amazon and also smells amazing you know
the light is just annoying there sorry
Oliver J woods a Synnott play for your
hair so I got sent this from these guys
couple months ago and loved it so much I
now buy it and use it as my hair wax
it's a clay so it has really good hold
without looking like you've got loads of
stuff in your hair I mean it might look
funny because like I said my hair is not
fresh at the moment but yeah you can
kind of see it just it holds it nicely
it gives it that kind of like bed heavy
look without looking like you've got
loads of product in your hair okay
first piece of technology is this now oh
look at this I've just got a mystery box
now inside here is a toothbrush and it's
a toothbrush from Lidl actually going to
show it to you in the case first
electronic toothbrush cost $19.99
now if you dabble in the elect
sonic toothbrush market you know that's
a pretty good price for an electronic
toothbrush so what I like about this is
the fact that it has a handy travel case
now I say that because if like me you're
into hygiene usually when I have a
toothbrush I just throw it in my wash
bag and travel with it however obviously
it's something in the water bag explodes
or spills on it it goes in your
toothbrush not that nice so if this case
it obviously protects that and they have
things out in a wonderful way
it also they're really handy thing this
is you'll see there's a cable in the
bottom that's a microUSB cable so you
can just plug it into any USB charging
point and it charges it so saves you
even having to remember to charge your
toothbrush or having to take one of
these big like bulky things you have to
find a shaving point for and stick it in
a wall and you know just less hassle
what I also like about this is it has
five different modes so you've got a
white mode got a clean mode you've got a
sensitive mode you've got a polish mode
you've got a pulse mode so you can do
many different things of your teeth and
this toothbrush next thing the
electronic category is if you follow me
on instagram you may have seen me using
this thing this big thing this is a very
old-school video camera it's called a
super 8 camera and it shoots on film and
I am experimenting with it I want to
make a kind of summer compilation video
inspire page Adrienne bliss I've used
one roll of film and I'm just gonna see
what I can create across my summer it
might be rubbish it might be something
cool just gonna sitting third category
I'm going to be moving into is tell you
well know I'm into fashion style etc and
I've been on a journey myself over the
last two three years I'm still going on
this journeys why I'm one of the things
I'm actually into so I would love to
just show some of you guys might as well
stop something simple glasses now wore
these in a vlog a lot of you like Marcus
why you are in Glassell your laser eye
surgery etc I have had laser eye surgery
these are just fashion
these were like eight pounds from any
sauce what a bargain you can never go
wrong with something on a sauce yeah
what I might do if you guys like these
in the future is do kind of links every
single thing in here I'm gonna do it for
this video beef is that if you guys like
this I'm going to show you and it might
be and if I can give you some links for
you guys on the subject of a sauce I did
do a little shop recently and what you
can't go wrong with for summer for if
you're a guy I feel it's a nice summer
shirt shirts are kind of coming back
around now in short sleeve a bit
oversized you've got some cool patterns
on them it can look really nice again
from a sauce I think it cost 20 pounds
this shirt it's all black but it's just
got some cool flower patterns on it you
may have seen it in one of my instagrams
yeah I just really like the shirt
basically carrying on from a sauce I was
wearing this in LA and I've never had
more people into the DM me asking info
about this t-shirt so here you can see
it's kind of like a football mesh
material very simple it's very light
weight shirt all its element is NYC but
I really like the colors like I said
it's kind of like your own football team
it's oversized it's loose it's airy so
if you're going on holiday on the beach
it's a great top for that picked out
from ASOS again I think it was between
15 and 20 pounds that's where it's from
guys I'm actually taking it with me I'm
gonna fold it back up and put it in my
suitcase over there for my holiday that
I'm going on tomorrow okay I have to
show you these shoes that I am obsessed
with chunky shoes
Dada shoes speak shoes whatever you want
to call them they are in at the moment
the hype started from Balenciaga
obviously the triple X's and I picked
these up the other day I saw them when
they dropped them in a picture called
months ago I was like I need to get my
hands on them we're shopping the other
day and happened to see them in the
store and I had my sight I was like oh
my god and I still had vouchers left
over from Christmas all my vouchers from
Christmas hadn't spent yet so got me
these this is them now I know you have
to be a fan of the chunky shoe I love
the back I've never seen anything like
this on a shoe it's kind of like the
back of a snapback you've got a carbon
fiber
here big Souls honestly they are flex so
if you see me out wearing these point
and go doubt use no don't cuz I love
them and they're super cool I think
anyway obviously you're entitled to your
opinion as well the other thing I want
to share with you is some bags now I
feel like I don't know the correct word
for them you know over the shoulder bag
a little fanny pack bag especially for
guys obviously for girls
handbags etc have always been trendy and
fashionable but guys they've really in
recently and I just one I think they
look cool if you can stow your outfit
nicely with them and two they're just
really handy I now understand why
handbags are so useful so I got to I
want to show you one is an off-white one
you got the classic
was not actually classic as a take on
the classic belt to this I rock you may
have seen on Instagram I kind of rocked
with it like this just over the shoulder
like it sits nicely here and they're
just great to put things in it means you
don't have to fill your pocket up with
stuff and everything fits nice thing
it's easy to get to slightly larger one
is this I ignore one which is easier to
wear with things for this just a plain
black leather again you throw it over
the shoulder it's a lot bigger than that
one but the silver linings that has
gives it some nice contrast if you
follow me on Instagram I haven't said it
already follow me Marcus Butler you may
have seen me wearing this recently it's
a very oversized flannel shirt I guess
you can say in the background
nobody's Steve great for the summer I
feel it's kind of been shredded at the
bottom so it has that used vibe to it
I've been wearing it all this weekend
and you'll probably see me wearing it a
lot and you've got some kind of eyes on
the front as if they're watching so I
picked this jumper up the other day
it's from acting studios now if you're a
fan of acne or you bought a from acting
before you will know that they do plain
minimalistic very well it's kind of
their thing I was trying to find a plain
t-shirt for an event the other night
and I saw this jumper which didn't seem
very damp I try it on and it's a bit
funky so you have to you have to tone it
down when you choose something to wear
it with but it's a really cool pattern
and fit I could just wear it good
because if you like me I own a lot of
black clothes a lot it's my go-to color
so it's nice to mix up a bit you can see
what I mean with the high Col it kind of
sits nicely yeah you can even roll the
sleeves up a bit to get some skin now
this is a vibe I'm happy with it you can
see the shoulders drop down to the sides
kind of blend in with my sofa right now
I'm gonna take it off some hop oh why is
it red are you red baby and I think the
last thing I actually have to show you
is this jacket also from hack EULA one
of my favorite brands honestly they do
street wear so different to so many
people so this is a bomber kind of a
bomber jacket I'll show you the back
detail you got down here on the arm got
some patchwork and a bomb is great
because like if you want to rock it in
the winter you can with a hoodie
underneath or in the summer in the
evening especially England if you just
got a t-shirt underneath it's always a
good choice you're a cool bit string on
the sleeve is the bag also I think what
you could do with it you're not meant to
buy it just right the other day so in
can actually turn it inside out it's not
made to be worn inside out but I'll show
you why you've just got this white
bomber then which i think is kind of
cool but the back is you've got the
nobody safing I think that on your back
is that's quite nice so yeah that kind
of rounds up this video if you enjoy
this stuff then I'll definitely do more
and I will try and do this whole link
thing like a referring thing if you guys
are interested in that so let me know I
hope you guys enjoyed this video give it
a thumbs up if you did and I will see
you on this show very soon goodbye
