what's up guys welcome to a vlog
welcome to Heathrow Airport a second
home I'm also scared to vlog in public
because I'm not a daily vlogger and I
don't like very attention to myself so
welcome to silent blogs from one Airport
to another
hello Hamburg and I have a coffee
because I was so tired anyway we are
here we meaning you and I I'm here alone
Hamburg is super close to Berlin so
that's why it's quite easy for me to
just jump on a train it's like two hours
on the train so get a tattoo and hambo
it's where I've come all my other
tattoos you've probably seen my other
videos before so that's why I got
hamburgers the guy's very sick I trust
him so he's going to do the next piece
then I'm gonna go to Berlin where I mean
Steffi obviously cuz she lives in Berlin
that's that so I'm gonna taxi my German
here's the thing right is old German art
they I'm too scared to speak in public
too scared to try and speak it so just
going to Starbucks and in my head I know
I can order in German right I'm standing
out right I know I can order it I know I
can ask what I want
I don't do it cuz I'm scared I'm too
scared I need to get over that fear like
I'm too scared to vlog in public people
look at me and I'm like oh my god
there's like a big how the hell did I
daily book for two years no idea
that's essential
looks like bad on my own through the
baby fuck
so priest and saw boom
so cool so it's gonna be and the lines
and take a little break we're an hour
anything doesn't look like there's been
a lot but there's actually a hell of a
lot who showed this time so much more
painful that's because there's so much
man
solid dark bent like one of the big the
only bit that really home this was the
face mask and because this is what I see
is a lot more black finished product I
mean it needs to be cleaned up but Wow
well well wow it's crazy
how glamorous a subway on the train
ready no but I've ever seen a nun get in
my zone I try that Claire is there not
like we got converted automatically I
didn't play sighs also you should be
proud of me true you know guys do it
there's comments
I ordered the subway in Chalmers with a
bit of English it's my problem thank you
for giving me your advice and just say
to go for odds with her anyway to our
train to Berlin invitation also how
freaking cool new yard maybe
some things
at all
yo all right guys is the next day the
next 24 hours I'm at stuffy's I've left
my tattoo covered in the fan now
annoyingly because it's been so hot in
Berlin there's nothing I could do about
this just sort of going like that
yeah I hope it's fine like it's been 24
hours and that's what yak obsessively
gone for so I'm going to put some
lukewarm water on it to help take this
off because I've just been reading I
think that's meant to be good for it but
don't have any scent free soap this is
German hands safer yeah
vast Russian wind Ceylon but this is
natural so I might use this to be honest
oh look at this no this is really not
that helpful you guys to see you but I
know you're gonna laugh but I just
really worried wait and peel this off
that the whole tattoo is just gonna come
on Wow
any tips any advice I can get because
when when I did this before I never
fooled but put water on to tape it up
Jesus it's so much easier promise you
say there still hurts so now let's
figure this tiny bit right
Oh
Wow sick okay I have to Pat it dry him
okay I mean it's obviously very raw but
just so you can see the detail obviously
my skin looks a bit funny because it's
been under that thing but it is honestly
um fucking real so so freakin cool
I'm obsessed yeah so my after treatment
is coconut oil I really recommend it
it's a great kind of natural tattoo
Waymon coconut I appreciate this isn't
very fun to watch and the camera angle
was shocking finished article with
coconut oil naland
boom I mean it looks like a flipping it
looks Photoshop it looks fake it's that
good but my favorite thing is the eyes
so yeah that's it I hope you guys
enjoyed the video I always liked sharing
things like that with you so give a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I would
like to know if you guys have any advice
on how to treat or care for your tattoos
then let me know especially if any of
you have fine line stuff because
obviously - fine line tattoos so yeah
let me know alright I'm gonna go see you
later
I
