hello how are you doing today
these are apparently nine things you
should never search for on Google
according to reddit so knowing what
reddit site that's where we gonna be all
kinds of weird stuff right it being
ready let's put to give a brief list of
things that you really shouldn't Google
either way you should be warned that if
you do choose to search for things on
the blow list they may not have pleasant
results okay number one for Nia no idea
what Fournier is like just Google
Orlando Magic MBA player Evan for Nia's
nickname is never Google and there's a
reason for Nia Evan for Nia yeah that's
who yeah oh my oh my fucking god how
does that not make you go sick yeah oh
my god oh really glad that started off
well crocodile without reading it let's
just go for this Oh Shh
flesh-eating drug look to a person's
hand that's not real that can't be real
highly addictive flesh-eating drug those
are zombies Benes leg shit ah oh my god
where's their Ferb also where are the
bones may that is rank the side effects
of the often illegally produced drugs
include toxic substances which can cook
the skin oh sure right which is being
used as a substitute for heroin and
Russia and Ukraine never do crocodile in
Russia or Ukraine people your favorite
food number three your favorite food
mouth lava do I do I wanna Google that
we confirm is exactly what you'd expect
and shouldn't go there oh this is gonna
make me feel funny isn't her oh my god
what what is that what is that it was
like who's got
sex in his mouth shit the bed that seems
to be the only picture of that though oh
my god oh oh she's a large worm port
from her what what am I doing this
myself why am I going through all of
these images
it just said Google haven't you heard
the 100% true thing about the infinite
loop in the world and then I'm a six
calculus bridge it's not really a hard
math problem it sounds like one doesn't
it it's why why is it these mouth things
is hard and plaque across the teeth a
big old chunk of it generally it has to
be chipped away by dentist it's not
pretty
oh that's not real that I'm sorry that
is not real that's like someone's got
stone in their mouth
hello Gollum he doesn't have any teeth
oh oh my god that's like someone oh he
needs to visit the dentist this is if
anything's gonna make you go and brush
my teeth sock you go back to it would
you be like would you be embarrassed is
that why you don't go do you let's go
vlog that alright guys I get in my mouth
today your email address it can be
illuminating to see what your link to
online sometimes terrifying Oh Harlequin
ichthyosis FiOS s it's a severe genetic
disease in which at birth a child's skin
is encased in thick white place of skin
separated by deep cracks
this is many complications because there
are cracks in the skin the newborns are
more susceptible to infection constant
character quite to protect moisturize
the skin oh my god that's so sad no way
that doesn't that does not look like
that is not a real geez oh my god oh wow
number nine your said your symptoms this
is so so true if you guys so many of you
must learn for you get anything anything
at all that's wrong with you you google
it and you read into it and there's
always like be this could be this
Kabir's oh it could be this fatal
disease that's gonna kill you and you're
gonna die tomorrow
and because you've read that that you
then instantly think that you have that
and you put everything that you've
thought of those things going on then
you put it relate it to that and then
you just like drive yourself crazy so
don't do that from experience go to your
doctor trust me like never just goo or
something oh yeah I've got that because
most of the time you're probably wrong
true fact well that concludes a very
weird video today I've seen some strange
things and some slightly interesting
things sorry if I've offended any of you
or ruined any of like your mental day
viewing but I hope you found it some
more interesting if you did give it a
thumbs up and I'll see you tomorrow with
another video all right let me get back
