hello Alfie deyes does of her weird film
YouTube video of me it feels weird so
formally filming a YouTube video PA
alpha was just saying before we started
this video how much he hates intros and
I agree I just don't feel that n hello
anymore you already know that you've
clicked on the video I don't need but
don't you think it's funny that when we
started YouTube we put that pressure on
ourselves to have to commit to an intro
it was the thing like you couldn't be on
YouTube and not have an intro and if you
didn't do that intro every video that
became a thing hello why can't you just
be like yo hey whatever I'm gonna say it
I still get comments now that like I
miss your there's so much what's up guys
but I used to I said good morning guys
yeah yeah I sometimes have people in the
street no Matt speed with every time I
see you I'm gonna do that people still
in the street will shout on the other
side and I just turned alright
you haven't watched me in good three
years have you were in long-term
relationships and I thought it would be
interesting to just sit down and chat
openly about essentially the pros and
cons of being in a long-term
relationship in the public eye obviously
there's many different areas to cover
but how is it
so essentially right you you've been in
a relationship how long nearly six years
nearly secure that's right otherwise not
very long nearly six years I was in a
six-year relationship that was shared
online and I'm now it is six yeah I told
someone ever that was 10 10 any two
years older than you may also we should
throw out there that I've only been in
one oven had one relationship prior to
my current girlfriend Zoey yeah and I
was like 15 and it was for like a year
but I wasn't in the nicest of all it
wasn't there no it wasn't me it's not a
relationship yes but like they will have
never experienced
like I've got now not in the public eye
me as well
ever since being Missouri bar when you
were first in your first relationship
when you live knowing me you started off
she wasn't keen on being on camera it
wasn't public like yeah that's true you
were just Marcus but was on YouTube and
then gradually she started a channel on
everything worse from day one
Bheema Zoe I mean she had doubled my
followers from day one yeah so you kind
of went into that already like yeah it
was fully out there already where's the
issue guys were a couple and then went
public yeah that's true there was a
public couple when you went public I can
speak from when I met Stephanie as well
I had to think about announcing it which
is so weird when you're it's just your
relationship so you take the following
away you're in a relationship with
someone that you kind of like and
without the following you would announce
that to your friends to your family at
some point did you announce it because
when I mean we got out it's erases oh no
were together I don't even know for how
long
I just say six months or so we it wasn't
that we were like particularly hiding it
from the internet but we more just
didn't really think it was something
that we needed to mean I mean like still
to today we haven't kissed on camera
lighting there's not really just asked
we got outed and then we said yeah okay
we are in a relationship so we had
somebody born like close friends pissed
you just hold a youtube video and you
haven't even told me directly yeah no
religion that we don't have people like
I had like phone calls with right one
friend at the time what the heck man
just refugees again and I'm like how old
am i I don't you know what a girlfriend
like come on now if you think you think
there's anything going on just ask me or
do you think it's because that's a
little bit different you go if you got
outed I remember that we're now that
we're in the LA at the time and it was
to be a boy came out as well what a day
for that you chat was you were trending
that was a troy was chatting we all lit
up how crazy the good old days of
YouTube yeah that you're right though -
but you didn't have a moment
you like we are in a relationship
because with you I think people
speculate and I'm gonna get onto it I've
got a thing about how having an audience
maybe affects the relationships you guys
were doing videos together and people
were already like speculating and that's
a huge thing in relationships like
online it's so hard to make a video with
someone without people instantly
shipping that or being like oh my god
you guys are so cute together and do you
think there's some relationships out
there but genuinely our friends who make
videos and then an audience could imply
them to them become one I mean our
bloody hoes know if anyone's getting
into a relationship because of some
YouTube comments have told them that be
good for that person and they need to
reality check but I mean yeah like I
don't think YouTube's like that too much
these days
I don't know just been in relationships
so bloody long that I don't know but
yeah back in the day I'd film with
anybody and everyone be like oh my god
but with Zooey obviously it was super
intense like people did air people it's
like detectives to prove that we were
together just like clip in the back of
someone else's blog when I touch though
he's back because the road to make sure
that should I've got a crossbow in time
I'm like if I do that - Marcus yeah
people love to look into things which I
think if anything is a negative thing
because if Zoe and I weren't together
that could have ruined the friendship
imagine now like me hanging out with
just a friend now who's female and this
is this happens but this hasn't happen
in this city this scenario but I'm
saying it's like but I hang out hang out
like I hung up on my friends of a shell
like a year ago and like she came to my
office we were vlogging together and
like doing meditation to give us using
meditation like teacher and coach so
many comments so many youtubers made
videos that are like oh my god isn't
happy charity stealin Zoe that's fucking
dangerous because imagine if Zoe starts
not that she did because she didn't we
have a very stable relation for it but
imagine if this it's the ratio it was a
little bit rocky she starts watching
those looking at those tweets and then
getting y'all is something going on him
is outfi doing that yeah but that's why
that's why it is
there's two things that I think that
side of things come from a slightly
immature the people making those videos
tend to come from a bit of an immature
background and they tend to be younger
and the people raising those comments
we've had young audiences of course we
have as we have done for YouTube and
it's always been the young ones that
yeah think that but genuinely you score
if you have a girlfriend and you hang
out with other girl people would
probably be like Oh - time in yeah so
it's literally those comments but
instead of real life it's just online I
just hope that it doesn't damage either
you're not in a relationship you're
hanging out of a girl you kind of do
like each other
then the comments online make it weird
and then it ruins their yeah or the
other way if you are with somebody and
they push it yeah like did you guys ever
have a conversation because like Stephie
and I I remember I didn't like announce
it but yeah for me it was just posting a
picture with her on Instagram I was like
what was your friend it was just me and
her Sat I think where we can recreate
that I think we were just sat on a
balcony kind of like this like smiling I
knew I remember saying Terra's like when
I post this is that it's like people
will comment they might come over to you
them up I don't know but it will draw a
response well also you weren't that long
out of a relationship that was public
yes there's not just like Missouri no
there was nothing from it you know I
mean when you were just out of a
relationship
it's amazing more intense but we didn't
have that that moment where it's like
should we you know should we announce
that shit we didn't have that
conversation it just felt right at the
time because we were happier Halloweens
ever
don't want to say long maybe like before
I post a picture maybe a month six weeks
I mean we were can you remember when you
first met her
yeah last jaian I was I knew I'd met my
future wife before she yeah if you say
that again before it even said a word I
know I'm a better memory messenger
I'll speak in light bro every time I see
that wood ceremony on it was on recently
yeah I'm like that's the one they don't
even realize what they create people
don't understand like if you guys want
some good chap lines for me just
approach the person you like and ask
them if they like Katy Perry just right
there is Emma would she perform it yeah
I like English she's like what you
saying do you uh do you like Katy Perry
she's just like yeah carried on dancing
I was like was it a thing to be like
we've got I feel like I have to announce
it or or it's only because we got out
and if you don't know Zoe's bad grammars
pictured me and her one of our friends
filmed it in a video Baxter uploaded the
video it wasn't a background if that
didn't happen I wonder at what point we
would have told people we would go cuz
they also think it's weird to be like
hey guys now I don't think back in the
day that content was different I was
gonna say right now we probably do a
picture vibe sorry more chill but maybe
back then that would have been a banging
tighten it on though yeah I might make
that video now I've never made it
17 ads on that one yeah
I want to talk about monetizing
relationships obviously from my
experience in both relationships I've
had opportunities where brands want to
work with the two of you hmm
and there is obviously a financial game
game yeah for both parties for whatever
and probably in my first relationship
online I never like took that I didn't
really think about it in more detail
whereas where me and Stephie right now
it's such a you know we don't even
really think about that we have people
asking us to do stuff all the time and
we're just like no because maybe a
different seasonal career but it just
doesn't feel right but we've done a
couple of things we did a shoot with
them it evoke yeah we did like a virtue
which wasn't paid but that was an
opportunity for us to be like that for
us is something that we can be proud
about really cool yeah so like what's
your whole thought as protests yeah
obviously I'd filmed every day of my
life like three or four years I know
there's tons of moments of videos
thumbnails tied to whatever of us
together and those videos have ads on
them so and we've done brand deals
together in video yeah the one thing
that we've never done is anything cop
early I've never had a photo shoot
together if we're ever doing stuff any
photo shoot for anyone whether it's
magazines newspapers whatever we won't
be in pictures together we do separate
pictures when we did back in the day to
red carpets or whatever it be like Zoe
than me you would never do pictures
together was there a reason for that or
is there anything that that you would
think oh we do we would do that yeah we
want to do a shoot together just us yeah
I was waiting to have talked for about
it I get a big print out on them yeah
the naked photo just covering you yeah
don't you know why I just don't really
feel that with you don't kill you you
know that we've never kissed or anything
on the camera okay still kiss the six
years in go well guys put it this way I
don't think there'll be any gain any
value to doing that I'm happy
to do that and she's always more than
happy not to do that also you guys think
like you don't yeah I think okay what it
probably was thinking about that is that
this there was not so much now YouTube's
at whole as a whole as chilled so much
there was so much pressure on selfie
yeah and the words Alfie and us to doing
anything like bloody looking at each
other in a video and everyone would
break it down maybe me I don't know I'm
joking involved myself I'm just like I
don't really want to do that kind of
stuff which is cool because when you
think about you you guys you were like
the YouTube couple yeah you were kind of
one of the first YouTube couples to be a
thing and you became so known for that
together from like I said from Southie
like yeah no like I hate the words out
magic we talked Alfie much like we could
have mmm yeah yeah of course but like
I'm not interested in that kind of sorry
but that's because I think you know that
was ruin them and yes that's what's
about say that's because you guys have a
genuine desire to maintain what you have
and as soon as you bring elements of
that into it it's gonna be a little bit
weak because another thing I've got in
here with under the monetizing thing was
what is like to then essentially work
with your partner yeah because obviously
if a brand comes above your dance and
you are working but when you guys do
such similar things not you guys in yeah
actually couples it's so easy to forget
you know wait I'll be working here or is
this our relationship or you know the
whole thing just blends into one
especially for me and one in my first
relationship everything was so similar
and we're like sat in one Roswell yeah
whereas Stephie right now it's really us
because we both do similar things but we
have slightly different world yeah which
allows us to understand each other as
well that's bad yeah we're not like all
the time Oh
physically you guys previously were like
physically on top of each other like
lived work worked out in the same place
yeah or what every day definitely do
that I mean I've always kept my work
very separate I've always had a separate
office and never work in the house yeah
you have Zoe's always worked in the
house up until
again in several rooms with like her
system stuff like that
Zoey's working predominantly like not
you chibi yeah the amount of stuff that
she does is not on YouTube far outweighs
huge even is so different like I don't
even know most of the stuff she's
working on like details officer no top
line I'm out just like I was up until
recently now focusing more specific
content but it was up until recently
just filming and Tom so we never really
work together much at all a set from
again back in the day the vlogs so
because now you're not daily vlogging
like daily vlogging now are you right
how long did you like daily vlog for
that four years four years
yes I did two years early again fucking
intense isn't it yeah I loved it though
it's terribly Lovitz here's a question
then so obviously I I know say I was to
vlog now say was today before I know if
Stephie's in my video like and I'm in in
a thumbnail personally I know that
that's gonna definitely do better
you guys topless exactly yeah you know
but that's the thing like you know when
yeah if you're anything that calm yeah
you know if it's gonna do better
yeah and when you're in that daily
hustle did you feel there was always a
pressure to if there's a moment in the
day not between you two is in something
this someone's birthday or something the
cameras there because you're capturing
the date right you're capturing moments
all day
so first I want to ask that and then
second to contrast that now you're not
daily vlogging do you miss not having
those moments on camera
I never vlog like some people vlog
intense like camera hour all the time as
film holding it like talking to you
everywhere go in I never filmed like
that like I always if my video is 20
minutes I probably filmed 23 minutes a
new age like I'm pretty much because of
doing it for four years I just knew I
wanted anymore I wanted out and I would
only ever film why new was probably
gonna hit the vlog unless somebody said
something that they didn't want in or
something like that he was just so
normal like I didn't that's the thing
everyone is so used to being in the
videos there wasn't I mean there was
obviously things that I didn't film
knock on
people people commented back in the day
being like oh but you never film
arguments we're trying to portray you
not to be perfect I'm right whenever one
when don't wanna be in an argument
without the camera right this is my
fucking life one minute can you just
like yeah what was your point again I
didn't try and portray a perfect life at
all I'm legit just filmed my life
obviously I was able to have a lot of
fun and make some fun with some cool
videos because that was my job was doing
that and not only that for quite a long
time just to go back on the negativity
thing yeah I was speaking about it
earlier with Matt regardless of having a
following or not yeah no one's posting
stuff of their relationship in a
negative way online because you know
this that's not how it works so when
people are like oh why aren't you doing
it so well why don't you drop an
Instagram of when you're literally wake
up in the morning like this no Ben or
even that but if you're if you are in a
situation as couples go through you may
be in a heated element if you're then
bringing an audience into that yeah it's
gonna turn it into like a team thing and
then it's gonna create a weird chemistry
monster it's a weird balance because I
know what the audience want because
they're like oh we want to see your real
everything if you've bought that into
your actual daily vlogs it would ruin
the relationship if your powers and
reports it would so every literally
every daily vlogger I know I was quite
the only vlogging yeah dude I quit two
years before you but I still love it
like going on to the next thing is do I
miss it do I love it yes I missed it I
love it so much
I wanna film things all the time I wanna
film I'd love to still be filming every
day but I just know two things number
one long-term is not sustainable okay
the amount of different things that I'm
working on now that don't fit that just
timewise I get the time to do that it
doesn't work
number two is I mean pretty similar I
just when you're in the bubble of daily
vlogging you cannot think about anything
else other than the daily vlogs so I'm
filming a video like this yes might not
take you long to actually sit down a
physically film and yes Marcus could be
daily vlogging around there but you
don't have the headspace to think of
doing this video and write down notes
and get the cameras ready in charge the
batteries and everything
because you're just like datavoke
datavoke delivered and consumed start
but there's and then rollin again and
then it's addictive and I love it but it
like an egg like me it can so go
consumes your energy it consumes your
day you essentially end up living your
life for the vlog and for this speaking
for me for me it became a real I spoke
about many times before
it's like what is my life yeah cuz at
the moment I'm yeah I'm filming what I
think is my life but I know I'm picking
up the camera thinking right what's
today's angle what's today's video
centered around and and we blog like
pretty chill like there was like these
random like I uploaded a video yesterday
there was from Saturday daily vlogs on
Saturday and it was like Hanukkah
pumpkin picking the place was closed go
into garden center playing some games
than that and then watching strictly
there's like super light-hearted and
chill but some youtubers out there like
up to them go in with like a savage
challenge every day 24-hour this this
overnight this 3 a.m. scary this this
I'm like literally yeah but those are
the people who especially if they're in
relationships
I mean I'm 100 percent I'm calling it
now your relationships not gonna blast
it's not revelation it's not is you
can't do those sorts of things it's just
be in a relationship look at any look at
Jesse and Jeana like the prank stuff
it's like of course you can't maintain I
think you can do it for like a year or
two of course and then it's just so
burned out but more so than burning out
it's not like the like even I've had
this a bit with like making my videos
this like not only now and my like okay
simple to stop and daily vlog in but
that would you what I did before for
years I didn't make a stop the main
channel I stopped my gaming channel cuz
I was just straightening
yeah that's your focus so now I stop
that and I'm like oh shit what do I do
videos do I make I make do don't nobody
do that anymore
yeah but that was out but but that's why
I respect about that is that you jumping
on what you want to do and now you're in
a position of changing and evolving your
content because you're right dude if you
were still daily vlogging every single
day it's gonna get to the point when you
can
right would you do then okay that whole
family vlogging thing is like oh yeah
like I think this is intense what we're
talking about Tet salmony bogans
another level yeah I would never family
blog right never so because you've
already known that I think I broke the
occasional days I don't think I don't
think kids much I said this in a video
before and I'm oh my gosh well you
wouldn't be like watching but it's
popping up inside no of course not maybe
that's not the same like I know you and
like yeah there's definitely not a bit
of you positivity yeah I guess it goes
back to playing up to being in the
perfect relationship yeah you're just
not gonna let people in on my hi it's
interesting that because KC happily
talks about how they've broken up so
many times how he's like I just had a
massive argument today she's being an
idiot or whatever do you know I mean it
does say something I could totally
imagine he does this is another big
thing that we have to talk about in
terms of relationships YouTube whether
it's the audience or whether it's
people's perception of the youtuber yeah
changes dramatically depending on the
age of the person for example you buy a
Ferrari yeah honey but the Ferrari KC
buys a Ferrari what a legend because
he's older because he knows what he's
doing with his money with words you
don't you're a young kid and you're
spending all your money wasting at
someone like AC he could say oh my gosh
literature massive argument wife this
morning bloody out and people probably
don't really react much to it I said
that but Zoe yeah yeah people were mad
yeah so you're saying age I don't know
where he's gone and it's because my
audience is 87% over 18 yeah just follow
what people think or is it because he's
older and people take him more serious
and like if I don't know how old he is
thirty-five-year-old says I'm having a
lot of why people are
fine if 20 otters now a girl from Allah
or could break up I feel like there's
some kind of something that goes on with
the age of the couple where they get it
talked about differently do you think
because I feel like cases so blase with
it like this there is never really to
focus off his stuff I never watched his
vlogs every day when he daily vlogs so I
wasn't really fully immerse I've
obviously watched alot this videos
though yeah and I feel he was never his
relationship was like a miniscule amount
of his video it was oh here's candy it's
like buy out the car but I always
watched thinking you're gonna shoot now
is minuscule in terms of your content
yeah I'm not talking about stuff you
like in yeah yeah yeah I don't never in
videos if you can start video you ain't
story like you are we had a hectic
argument this morning maybe bored like
go ear on that and try and work out what
it was about and stuff you all right but
yeah boys young age because the audience
is different is it because I don't know
there's some people as a couple on
YouTube do just get treated differently
and I feel like it's but it like with
the money thing if people the money
thing we face is different because that
leads him of the whole american-dream
and if you compare a lot of american big
you choose to british youtuber there
that is kind of brought up through what
they do over there they then showing off
for Ferraris as a community like oh
smashing it whereas here you can't
really yeah as much we've that's just
british as a whole we don't really show
off that much british people just don't
like people to succeed in yeah also that
all British people love to tear others
down I was down at any given chance they
can I think I like I mean you'll know
yourself I've always just been so
chilled with vlogs in the relationship
or not videos aren't about we don't play
up on camera with each other and things
like I'm just so chill with it did I'm
not the train that everything's perfect
I think what I mean with that is the
whole like couple girls then so I know
with with me for example I've made
haven't done I'm in like a year but I
went for a phase of making these like
holiday edits with Steffi where it's
like of course I'm doing this up music
already and showing off our relationship
in a positive but when I look back on
that now it's like what was why was I
doing that was I doing that to be like
I think I was thinking is I was genuine
I'm genuinely so happy in this
relationship that I'm enjoying sharing
and making that a thing but now I'm like
you know people would comment on there's
a couple girls couple girls in this and
I was never that was never the motive
for me I'm and never has been to be like
we're an amazing couple and look at
who's watching it like there's tons I
follow certainly people in industry I'm
them like shit there's a couple of
scholars oh my gosh is life or this but
I'm very aware that I'm seeing one
picture out of a three-day trip yeah do
you know I mean like you never know
whether that person's so it doesn't
whoever I'm talking about mom isn't at
home with dementia going through a crazy
hard time and there's one nice holiday
picture and I'm like his life is so easy
Jeremy - let us down to the eyes of the
viewer yeah to make that judgment and
they've chosen to see that one
two-minute video it has a girl with but
that's also this year you could argue
with Instagram and within that industry
people being like I felt Instagram is
such a this is the 1% of my life yeah
and it's the best part of my life is
that negative or positive I think it's a
bit of both depends how you look on it
but the issue that you have of that is
when the average person is got their
life going on at constantly seeing all
these things of what they aspire to have
their life that can then have a negative
impact on it
do they not John for now yeah oh yeah
sure I'm just saying Instagram as a
whole is very much that no I know are
hundreds don't know what you mean
like this country but I follow her I'm
like oh my gosh their life is crazy
I have not followed them because I like
their images in that for sure they might
just love taking the pictures yeah and
that's your perception of it for them
and they just create in someone they
love which is a nice little picture yeah
such a difficult one and with the whole
permantly happily happy couples
something which is like making these
videos even if they're not the abodes of
people
weighing everything up got the scales
here yeah we're weighing it up okay if
you could have your relationship away
from the public eye would you my
personal thing is I share what I want
from my relationship anyway I don't feel
like I have to rely on me posting things
of my relationship of everything else
that I've got going on in a career-wise
so yeah I mean I know I said earlier
tomatoes of course I know if I post a
picture of Steffi I said with the thumb
I know that that's going to do better
yeah yeah if we're defining things as
better by lights and views but it
doesn't actually mean anything
the whole thing with thumbnails and that
those I'm just like I kind of feel and I
don't do it to the extent I told I can't
I don't
clickbait big videos and something like
that kind of feel like just why not do
it with my vlogs for example when I was
like deep in three and a half years in
why not put the most engaging
captivating thumbnail because the people
that are watching it from the sub box
already know what they getting because
it's the other lawyer
1,100 days of my vlogs have all been
pretty much the same video but just a
different day of my life you clicking on
there
you're not as long as I'm not lying or
tricking you into something that isn't
actually happening you're going to enjoy
the video because you already know what
you're gonna get yeah master war yeah my
thumbnail title is you know I'm gonna
get up and go to the gym we're gonna
have lunch I'm probably go do some fun
stuff with my friends pop to the office
something with my girlfriend to go to
bed no massive thermal entire you know
what you're getting so if you just say
you put thumbnails you and Stephanie and
it gets nicer to into those reviews as
long as those 200,000 hits people want
like oh they're not gonna do that
they're gonna click on it and enjoy it
so doesn't matter as long as they're not
clicking on it and not enjoying it and
you like it doesn't matter a hundred
percent if that's your reasoning behind
it agreed when you bring in yeah
clickbait cuz I'd say like a Casey video
that fence Casey I love your videos
they're very similar each day because
they're a day of his life
no matter come them tied to one no one
I'm gonna get a watch yet so doesn't
matter if you click mate to me or not or
clickbait so yeah yeah whatever cuz I
know what I'm getting so I think right
with that stepping the thumb load this
one yeah it's just pop right there Zoe
on the other side one final point which
kind of goes in snappin already so if
you saw Kanye West publicly the other
day went on a bit of a theory and an
idea to remove numbers from our social
platforms no I didn't see that so you
got together with them with some a
conversation of Jack from Twitter I
don't have to attend yeah and they said
it's something that they're looking into
and I thought it was really interesting
because so much of not just what we do
but whatever what society judges things
on social media is numbers follow
account views yeah that's it Hector
they're still there so you can see them
if you're doing branded work it's still
accessible but no one else can see it
what what's your viewpoint on them just
to finish on a Naxalite now yeah Vlad
yeah
I personally love it I've really loved
it well I think it's cold yeah I think
you'll be really cool because like I saw
somebody saying the other day like oh
yeah but once you get a million photos
it's way easier to grow and I'm like no
I don't really believe that but also if
you're really subscribed somebody just
because they've already got a lot of
subscribers so you're assuming their
content is good that's not what good
reason to subscribe to them but with
that you could you would essentially
eliminate all of those a lot of things
we spoke about clickbait you would
eliminate pressure people speculate all
these things would just be removed and
people could maybe feel like you can
just put anything out there without it
being judged as much that we praised on
it's about them to see pictures but you
can't really the likes but you have the
options turn it off wrong are you
turning it off or I think I would expect
them yeah I try it I definitely try it
they really put it like a whole I'm just
so not like they're just so don't care
about the numbers I think people but I
think the more soon as I do do that we
care more than what we do
no but I think everyone else the average
person when you want us if you want to
start posting on social media and
try and get a career out there it's all
about numbers and people speculating on
but it wasn't when we started no well no
it wasn't but dude we'd still have video
like if we could if a video did well on
numbers it's still yeah yeah yeah yeah
presentation um but then how would you
deem what's popular or not would you
then because you could say hey nobody
look the culture the community doesn't
see you know PewDiePie you don't know
he's now the most subscribe does that
fit thing I mean I've just heard this
has gone so far away from relationships
a different style of it weren't really
different I said earlier felt feels like
I've just done a podcast with you but
kind of is a poke it's not going out as
a podcast but now it in the video stuff
it kind of is it's a video podcast chat
until next time a few days I'll see you
soon I hope there's a weird aren't there
I said intros now church by oh yeah
I called it it's a weird one thank you
goodbye
