Jinja shot that yo givanni
hello hey welcome to a vlog just
happened to walk out that room that
hangs like that exact time I read some
of his beginnings this is the seventh
time I've done this interest as a blog
good morning hello welcome to vlog
welcome to la Los Angeles Venice Beach
Angele our favorite place in the world
yeah I thought we'd vlog today cos it's
the first day we're both better high
five for feeling well sick we're gonna
go and see a friend Paola who you guys
would have seen in the last vlog in LA
Newport Beach common for you but first
tenting mussels yeah first we're gonna
get to the gym so like I said we
actually had a bit of bad luck because
we came to LA from Coachella Coachella
was amazing and then Coachella obviously
we went a bit too hard our immune system
was down and Bizet office we came back
to LA I got ill I had a stomach bug
which lasted for two days I was throwing
up diarrhea in everywhere literally
everywhere so that was lush and Steffi
had a bit of that and also just a cold
so to be honest we came to our favorite
place and the first four days three four
days we literally couldn't really do
anything we're just in bed so if that
was fun but yeah then yesterday we got
back up a bit we went to his humor
actually got some stuff from humor which
was cool and anyway today is the first
day we're feeling good so I'm gonna vlog
that's what I wanted to get to
oh it would love to show you this cute
little Airbnb usually when we come to
Venice we've kind of stayed in some like
bigger like bit more fancy budgets too
tight now guys so no to be honest we we
left it so Labor's but found this such
cute little house and I want to show you
she was my Stephanie also you know
Vaness I'm just saying it honestly has
best coffee in the world
promise you
I swear on my life guys if you know you
know that that's blurry I call us just
what I wanted to do there we go
best coffee period I'm so excited
oh hi because he the guy who owns the
ABAP also lives next door so don't want
to be like but you have a cute little
entrance look at this this is just a
cute house got wind chimes going on
yeah just shade quick little stairs and
it's very small but it's just very
quaint and cute and I don't know I just
we're really really happy here and we
kind of just feel like this is our home
bedrooms through there got a little
garden out there and we always talked
about one day people living here or
having a place here this would be that
ideal place because it's just cute and
homely and yeah that's it basically you
ready for your big body building session
that's where we are yeah we're both on
my bed
but we're gonna become the next Arnold
Schwarzenegger's her butt is your girl
you want your bicep to be so big you
can't walk through a door you then still
yeah I can make love with your biceps
I'm just being real guys I'm probably
not going to film too much or anything
in the gym because I don't we have eaten
up my bodybuilders too I don't want to
look weird the gym there is those huge
so one of the coolest things we've
discovered on this trip in Venice is
these bad boys they're called birds and
their electronic scooters and basically
you have an app and you just come and
tap it they're all over Venice and Santa
Monica and then you can just ride it
wherever and leave it wherever you want
sounds too good to be true but that's
what it essentially is all it cost is
one dog to use it and 15 cents a minute
a brand ambassador hashtag add no I'm
just hoping to get one for free but they
are absolutely game-changer try and vlog
but it's gonna be hard to be honest I
can't vlog vlog Stephie go onto the road
straight down this road Bob cheese
use the electricity there she goes there
she goes
and then when you're finished with him
you just Park them lock them and then
someone else can come pick Martin and
they're all electronic changing the end
that is the way we're gonna transport
ourselves in the future in England I
need that they're like the new boosted
board but cooler so I'm gonna grab us a
coffee from on favorite coffee shop
deafie showering and then we're gonna go
down to Newport Beach Hey
oh holy crao Matt we can do some
dramatic music over this what does my
singing so guys this focus have hit like
an old-school laser gun oh god I start
recording whoops this is my super 8
camera that I got in Berlin the other
day I must say it inspired my Adrian
Bliss's video that I've seen years ago
where he shot the summer compilation
video on this I just thought I want to
try you know old schools kind of right
now retro vibe surrender I just wanted
to learn how to shoot with this so a boy
along with me today and hope that I'm
gonna laser tag some people laser tag
I love your head when you're moving the
camera I can't see ginger shot oh yeah
Oh ginger shot nice right it's and that
has it there's no ginger that's my
famous ginger shot and Wow would you
look at that with back magically at our
house and it's definitely still the same
day cuz I'm such a good vlogger that's
the next day I must just stop vlogging I
got way too into this instead shooting
my old school video with this also I was
carrying this round do you think this
looks a bit suspicious because we went
out and that's filming clips we're going
to supermarkets buying some stuff for
dinner and I was like buy it so people
think this is a gun I thought this is
the machine you measure the speed say
you di do you know when a car comes by
like a police guy you're gonna catch Bob
anyway I thought I'd just round up the
vlog today we woke up early it's 8:00
a.m. we're going for break first yeah
breakfast you know the score scooter
kids are back in town
I know if face
Abbot Kinney the beautiful abbot kinney
just just just look at the sky just look
I want to attempt to ride this like this
but I'm not sure it's gonna work let's
see guys oh shit
can't do that I'll lead the way
there we go boys and gals we go in full
speed the end a just thing is I don't
have access to the brake right now let's
get some cool shots fucking out one hand
is not good idea because mr. Butler is a
bit lugger I'm just gonna take over his
block and block Jesus Christ FA how many
kilograms leaving me alone but I'm fine
on my own
and I'm in the plane how cool is that I
have it today this garb you it said she
looks like I saw straight out of prison
especially with my outfit it's not cool
I hope he doesn't watch this your looks
anyway bye and going into this Hut is
just our little garden little cute
garden with of course the washing
machine it's close this so it looks a
bit prettier here we go how beautiful is
this garden especially in the evening
it's just so lovely and I'm just gonna
hang out here and turn cheese fish PITA
oh wow Marcus why you just so good a log
Wow I just don't know I'm just such a
good vlogger let's be honest we're not
really doing much you've checked out now
we're just you could have blocked yeah
but you know I'm all about enjoying the
food rather than doing it for the vlog
so I'm enjoying it and then just showing
the last few moments in the Sun still
shooting around with this bad boy so Sam
I can get this boss hanging out we are
about it's cool right
about the fly and I'm good
- quiet for land ray - the same as
always just like anyway we're gonna
search for some fruit fancy something
sweet thanks for watching the video give
it a thumbs up
we see you soon Cheers post by
