hello and welcome back to a video that
we've done on this channel before it's a
Q&A series where there are no cuts
literally no cuts I feel like I really
want to interact with you guys in a way
and I feel this is the most real way to
do it by having Matt who's sat here hi
Matt hello he has found question so I
tweeted Matt's found these questions
I've I literally have no idea what he's
gonna ask me and that's not like a
typical response I genuinely
have no idea what he's gonna ask me I
haven't looked at the questions so I'm
trying to say
are we censoring swearing no the animal
noises you know the vloggers do just
artists all my audience are older than 6
so yeah so that's a yeah that's oh and
the other thing I should say is the only
things we might be working against is a
dodgy camera battery so if it changes
it's for that and we're using natural
light haha
so we may just be switching the light
but other than that enjoy here we go hit
me at suckers Nunnelly please what's
happened to Margaret are you still on
speaking terms
ah Margaret let's throw a picture of
Margaret here
Margaret is long gone she she had a
great time on the channel she was yeah I
had a lot of fun to be honest I don't
have to talk to you all the camera the
camera I feel better
well I like talking to you when you're
looking at me but then we're just like
this I'm like oh yeah no Margaret was
cool she was a period on the channel
look at you she was or is it weird or
shall I lick down the lens I'm gonna
look down the lens actually only dies if
Margaret was a period on the channel
which was great fun to experiment with
her and I had a lot of fun with her but
it kind of just got a bit silly and a
bit me so she's not coming back is the
answer you're looking for retired her
yeah sorry
so r.i.p Margaret what inspired you to
make your podcast
oh that is a good question if you didn't
not have a podcast with this person
talking it's could lower your
expectations
this wasn't a plug by the way but I may
as well wear as well make the most of it
to be honest we just had a lot of shitty
 conversations between the two
of us in my old house where we used to
work we just had a lot of weird debates
and things we used to talk about and
yeah we're just like what should we try
do a podcast with this would you rather
yeah and that's what sparked the
inspiration for it and we did a couple
of trial runs and we were like yeah I
think this could work the first one we
have very nervous for sweaty sweaty
palms yeah but that's that was the
inspiration for it one thing we don't
know about you was many things you don't
know about me probably that's such a
what to answer with I don't have
anything interesting enough to be like
oh this is what you don't know about me
massive I'm yeah I'm a bit of a
coffee snob yeah but that's not very
exciting sorry I'm very good at FIFA
see mother I'm great celebrity favorite
celebrity Oh such a I'm so bad with
these questions like when someone when
we're sat working the other day and Tom
was like yeah who's your role model
who's your inspiration if you saw you
couldn't not speak to them no favorite
celebrity you know I'm gonna go with
what's favorite like someone I aspire to
or someone that I find interesting and
I'm like I like what they do and I find
that interesting like okay then I'm
gonna go and a half three and well I'm
making three my favorite Justin Bieber
I don't really to describe that I just
always been and Kanye is interesting and
he 20 I don't need to explain them and
Eva Drake or LeBron James
next question kind of goes in with that
the Korean podcast guest Kanye West I
think you know that'd be cool wouldn't
it just cuz he's such a character
imagine him I mean I don't know if we'd
ever get a word in but I said to you the
other day didn't I said should we get
Carney on the podcast Kanye would you
would you like to come onto the podcast
great promotion for new album lots of
listening everyone tweets us to him
he'll do it or maybe we'll just look
like a massive bag and he'll then use
that and put it in one of his songs for
that Kanye's made a song about me so I
could deal with that
what country do you like more England or
Germany
what pants how does that music
brilliant not only does he play banging
house music he's also got an electric
guitar what's the question what country
do you prefer Oh England or Germany um I
mean I love Germany I don't know it
nowhere near is what much Sun no England
but I'm gonna have to go England England
is your city good news more soon have
you had any root celebrity or youtuber
encounters Paul what's the honest answer
yeah for sure yeah there's been yeah
definitely I'm not gonna name names
oh now read my lips and then no to be
honest the some of the strangest
encounters I've had is being around I
don't know that we'll have some up but
like millennial kids or like famous
people's kids in some circumstances
where they're just in a different bubble
of normality and how they treat people
and how it's just I've been in some
situations where I'm like how are those
words coming out of your mouth being in
taxis with people when they've said
these things and I've literally got out
like how are these things coming from
that I think I'll probably told you
about some of the stories but yeah I
definitely have having cat youtubers
though know about rude like can you
think of anything yeah
can you yeah I got on not being directly
rude might be annoying oh yeah okay yeah
of course this time some people been or
not in of course there's a lot of
youtubers who I would say we're not a
lot but there's a few that definitely
believe in their own hype who are like
like Alma in it too big for your boots
kind of way
experience that in this space what
happened to the wrapping exclamation
mark question mark
welcome to the wrapping again that was
just something I had a bit of fun with
you know I think with my channel
throughout time you can always see that
I've experimented with things and I've
tried things I've tried new things I've
done taking a lot of risks with things
and that was one of those risks we did
one song as a kind of like joke then did
a proper music video for the second one
and yeah it was cool I'm really glad
I've done that but it's not something
you know I'm not I don't think it's
something I want to be very hard to top
yeah yeah I'd worry about that you know
I feel like that's up there and I'm
happy to leave that up later but we
could probably up the New Year song you
know make feasel well I don't mean that
we've rapping do they what's the one
thing you want to do before it's too
late
honestly travel and see as much of the
words I can because what's famous cliche
to say but once you have kids it becomes
harder so I feel like with traveling and
enjoying time on your own or with your
spouse you can only really do that to
the best of to the best essential when
you're young and you don't have those
worries of kids and other people to care
about or when you're old word and when
you're retired and you know your kids
are older they've moved on so yeah I
feel like I'd like to experience that
before I have kids so yeah me and Steph
we keep saying we loved I would
absolutely love to go switch off
everything and go for a year and just
it's almost like you can just be like
whatever
let's go travel but the reality of that
happening is you're not very what is the
process of pitching shows do you have
anything in the works you can tell us
about that's a cool question so we have
been in the pitching show writing
development area for probably the last
three year two and a half to two to
three years two years seriously and I
mean the first time we pitch something I
was terrified I mean we've never
we had no kind of we'd create this
concept and we like we just go into this
meeting with a production company and
they're like so and to be honest I've
learned a lot from that meeting because
to begin with when I first it's very
hard like coming from YouTube and you're
like cool I want to make good shows I
want to make good good genuinely
well-written and staining things and
it's very hard coming from a YouTube
image of your youtuber and I think that
was the first hurdle to get over was
going into these places and they the
production companies all the people as
meeting had ideas to put me in their
shows rather than in showing interest in
the shows that we've that we're creating
and I think that was the first thing to
kind of we almost expected it the amount
means we had where it happened it was
like oh let's not you know let's just
wait and see where this goes but yeah
it's just I don't know we've never had
to hard sell something but there's been
moments where it's turned into a pitch
without knowing it's going to be a pinch
ten people around the table yeah we
thought we were going in for like a chat
and it turned into a pitch and I was at
the head of a table and there's eight
people just like this at me that was
like well here we go yeah I avoid that
but the actual price of it is really
it's such an exciting area we're at now
I can't really tell you much but it's
just really exciting and I feel like I'm
really fulfilling my dreams and passions
where do you see yourself in three years
those questions always so hard to answer
because things change like we I feel
like I change particularly more than
some other people on this platform and I
only say that from looking back at my
old content we were literally just doing
it now it's like I go back and look two
years ago video and I look like a
different person you know I've changed
my hair a hundred times of my body has
changed you should be super skinny and
ill-looking and then like then I get
more muscley and like I don't know it
changes so that's just appearance but
the content changed as well so in three
years time I would like to have my show
well I'll show out and carny on the
podcast and yeah I mean yeah we can
dream yeah would you get longer yeah
great question I do miss it it's just so
hard to upkeep to be honest like you
have to test something well you should
know how hard is upkeep yeah I I like
the idea of having shaved like a buzz
cut and then have that white blonde as a
look for a bit but I have to be tan to
pull that off and don't worry just look
 so you used to spend a lot of time
the hairdresser's yeah are you doing
YouTube just for the money and the
generic answer is no but be truthful
the real answer is no I'm not right now
I'm not like I would I think I've talked
about it before like I was definitely
incentivized previously by views and
money on this channel when we were
posting content every day and like I
went through the whole I want to change
what I'm doing because that's not who I
am and stuff like that so I feel like
I've been through that journey but now
if you look at the content like views I
really hate this word if user relevant
to me because it's not my main like I'm
just using YouTube as a platform to put
out creatively what I want to put out
and also what things I'm interested in
on this channel me myself my personality
I'm like if people like it great but I'm
not sitting there banking on views
checking how much money its own and
because it's not it's not one interest
in right now do you want yes is the
simple answer and I'm getting one may
already have it by the time this video
comes out it's going here so what is the
one thing you don't like about yourself
who Oh deep question the one thing I
don't like about myself I mean I have a
lot so I'm just thinking enjoy pick I'm
gonna have two things so one is it
sounds very really because I'm tall
right I'm actually quite - I'm six foot
one but I have really short legs it
sounds really weird but when it comes to
clothes it's really hard for me to find
trousers that fix I've got very short
but quite chunky legs and I really hate
the fact that my thighs are so
I think that's from football what it's
from yes no but yours alike no no mine
are muscle but they're just so big yours
aren't like pushing out your genes and
content what the other thing was gonna
be oh I wish I had more confidence in
going in socializing being more like
what we were literally talking about
earlier being more outgoing no what's
the word confident just like yeah I'm
very I'm very social with people I know
once once I'm friends of you I'm like
really open and loved into that but I'm
very shy and reserved at introducing
myself or like trying to approach a new
social situation would you ever just
quit everything and start over in a new
country you know what I have had that
thought before in my mind because
sometimes nice I just think you know
what how nice would it be to just think
 it I'm gonna go and live in barley
and just like live on like a self
efficient ecosystem I don't know no but
of course that's not a thought I'm I'm
never gonna do that but I just have that
thought listen or I'm like wow
whenever I'm snowboarding I love being
in the mountains I think I could just I
don't know like become a snowboard
instructor and just go live in the
mountains and yeah I just think it would
be cool so sometimes yeah would you
rather have no white light or no friends
well I mean it's a bit of a sad thing
isn't it I'm not gonna be relatable a
ball have friends like Wi-Fi it's great
don't get me wrong the Internet's
incredible but friends are why did you
decide to be part of the modelling
industry and
challenging has it been Joe I never had
an active decision there was never a
point in my setup where I went you know
what I want to try modeling and it's
still now it's not like a goal of mine
as such but it just kind of came out of
changing my Instagram with more
fashion-forward stuff and it kind of
brought these opportunities to me that
I'd never kind of had chase or never had
the idea of and I guess that's nice I'm
lucky of that but it's never I've never
like had it as my main motivation to try
and do that and I'm just happy that
opportunities have come from doing that
last one I can go for days 19 minutes
how many more have you got
it's a lot yeah I don't mind Karen going
okay I'll save this one to later them
how's the light is it okay I mean is a
yeah it's a yes the dark just can't look
yay
what's your opinion on all the YouTube
fights slow
Lucas YouTube's a game isn't it is a
game and there's constant competition on
how you can take you to the next level
in terms of you know if you're playing
in that game it's a constant how can I
carry on growing how can I further my
audience how can we continue breaking
boundaries and if you're part of that
great like I think it's really
interesting and can be exciting and
obviously we've like the boxing thing
people it's never been done before and
it's so fascinating but in terms of
drama I'm just like okay I'm not
interested in that being in that space I
don't want I don't want it you know
making a diss track anytime soon though
why aren't you friends at Joe sugg it's
hot this question around these these
people why aren't my friends have Alfre
anymore
 that's a joke we're all friends
guys like we just like I've said it time
and time again we went for a period when
this was so new and we none of us have
done this before and it all suddenly
became a job and we just thought it's
coolest thing the world no one was a
brand nothing was invoked and the fact
that we were just hanging out of each
other and no one was busy we were just
making videos for fun it was wicked and
so much fun I had so much energy now you
just don't have the time like I
struggled to see my best mates like when
I'm in London and I struggled to see my
best mates so I don't have like time to
just fit everyone in to think are now
going out of these guys knew guys like
Casper had his birthday night you have a
night he invited me but I'm in LA so
it's like I would have loved to have go
to go I would have loved to be in there
but I wasn't here so that's my issue is
just I'm not ever in one place long
enough
when's Ralph Andrews making an autumn
so in the pipeline
Ralph Andrews is a character we did on
the main channel and he is coming back
are we too bright
now it looks quite bright is it nice
oh I can't sit up there we go that's
that looks nice
okay I think if it's not guys this is
all Matt I can't see it do you miss
living in Brighton would you ever move
back you know I really love I love
bright I think brights a wicked place
it's obviously where we're from grew up
there but what I don't like about
Brighton is it's really small and it has
the kind of vibe that I hate the feeling
of it's a bit like social weirdness but
if I go into town it's I always see
people like you don't want to see that
used to go to college with not that your
friends have just like you knew each
other and I don't know they just would
bring up an awkward conversation and
Beauvoir but that's a really stupid
reason for saying I don't like Brighton
I love Brighton I just at the moment
love London more than brighton brighton
no one loves born or fallen brighter
yeah are you thinking about writing that
book no book as of right now in the I
mean I don't know in the future I'm not
in any talks with anyone about a book I
don't have any desires right I don't
know time to do it right now and March
not much as such I have interests in in
fashion obviously and doing something in
that space but again it's a time thing
and putting time in something is like
it's it just I don't have the time to do
a whole new business and project right
now but it's something I'm into last one
is the nice one
nice when turned on if you could go on
holiday right now where would you go if
I can't holiday right now I would love
to do two things
so I know I'm always got inflation I
think two things I would love to just
get a villa in someone like Ibiza and go
me and Steffi and then like just bring a
bunch of friends like some couples can
come like a but not all like the best
mates group you know stephanie has
friends I have friends and just hang out
party have fun and then the other would
just be to go somewhere I'd love to go
traveling around Thailand with Steffi or
go experience something that I haven't
experienced yet
Gemini comes with young people one
please
yes that'll be quite good but you got to
be able to party that's it we're done
yeah all right well there we go that
rounds up uncut question and answers
number three I think number three so
yeah like I said I really I honestly
really enjoy doing these because I feel
like it's just a really chill and really
real way to connect with you guys so if
you are in the same opinion as me then
maybe we can do more and we can make it
a bit more regular maybe one a month
rather than one every six months
questions and see if you can answer it
no that stays for the German video that
all those tests are staying for the
German video but maybe what would be
good is questions in the comments hmm
that could potentially be good because
obviously we just use Twitter so if you
want to be involved in it here and maybe
leave some comments but yeah I hope you
enjoyed give the video a thumbs up if
you want to give it a thumbs up don't
feel pressured
and I will see you soon bye
