the vest is out you know that means why
did I enter like that hey how's it going
everybody look what I'm in I'm in a vest
that's all yeah yeah best you know what
means when I'm wearing a vest
time to get saucy baby never gonna do
that again welcome back to fan fiction
part 6 last time
they found out the baby's sex so we got
a little marquee but but on the way also
mark has proposed to Leila in probably
the most unromantic way possible there
are so many marks about the fan fics
that I think I should just read all of
them and make them in series like this
what do you guys think today is my
birthday
there is a party so it's all so of
course anyone has pots of hooey though
he's flat just me Marcus so yeah field
reason Darcy I'm waiting for marks at
Brighton train station Berle or I turn
around and see marks with this suitcase
I pull him in for a tight hug coming you
me and marks arrived at Zoe's look at
you you're ready to burst happy birthday
I hear Louise laugh from behind so turn
around and pull her in for a hug what I
know my due date is in three months
I go to thank Zoe for the party I ain't
giving plot to us and she's just gonna
make that was okay it's okay you're only
21 that's her
I hope that surprise for you my things
my place is a little red box I open up
the box to see a gold key I know we was
saving up first and it's a bit of a mad
rush but I had to tell you offer what we
could and this apartment was offered to
me I cut marks off by jumping into his
arms and kissing his lips how did you
afford it don't you worry
postage happy birthday babe absolute
baller 20th birthday
ego is a house
what I grown marks is kissing my face
all over trying to wake me up wait
wouldn't just go Leila wake up looking
out like a dog come on sleepy herd worry
car i groan and cover my eyes with my
arm but now I feel something wet on my
cheek fine I'm up nosy
it was never clarified where that was
his tongue wore something else just
throwing all their open my eyes to see
marks was known on the next to me I go
upstairs to look for him when I hear
music I pee through the gap and see
Marcus dancing and singing
how are you sexy people doing today
doing another you now for his viewers my
nose starts to tickle Joe Marcus spins
around see me
blood - you have comments start to fill
up quickly who are you talking to is
that Lena get Leila's join who they want
you to join - slowly walk towards the
chair so if you haven't been watching my
recent proms or you guys don't know this
is Leila
Marcus smiles that the camera was
pointing at me hey guys it's that a baby
pump I see baby Butler how cute yes me
and Layla here are a couple bucks takes
my hat and him Austin plays with my
engagement ring
and I love her I'm in love with him too
two months later you marks I picked out
war bed for the flat we had finally
moved into but that would be like put
baby vomit on the walls what about this
one I stick my tongue out and pull out a
nice neutral flower patent one okay but
try to go less feminine on the house oh
just think if I never helped you by that
wallpaper that day we wouldn't be stood
here in love bringing this little guy
into the world no Marcus if you have the
sofa there you won't have much space
left Lola trust me fine do it how you
like it I snap I'm going to mood over it
I'm not you are
sure a sharp pain hits me in the stomach
like so I'm kicking me hard
only a sofa don't swear no Marcus my I
start it hurts
I'm standing in a puddle of water oh my
god
your water's broke
I I care Marcus just dry for crying out
loud
I can't drive pause to read doy I'm
trying my best to get to the hospital as
quick so I can breathe it will be okay
when we finally arrived at Ostrow and
taken to a birthday water birthing wow
you're so brave my brave girl
this hurts so much Marcus remember
breathe and I'll be here Marcus get the
nurse quick
a nurse comes rushing in Marcus took
hold in my hands and I felt shaken
fright honey you need to push when I say
okay if this goes dark I'm gonna cry I
think it's okay though I read I'm scared
I held on to latest tight grip which
felt like she was breaking my fingers
while not pushing the baby would be born
I can't do it I can't do it you can and
you will she gave one last push well
done and that said whilst handing over
our baby to da the nurse was helping no
way why isn't he crying no but later
tried to sit up to see what was
happening but she fainted back on the
bed nerves right she's lost a lot of
blood
let's get her into a theatre now my
heart is beating fast
I was then left in the room alone the
two people I loved most rushed away from
me just like that everything was white
like empty I feel like I'm going towards
a bright light it's so peaceful
I want to stay here in the emptiness
lela lela lela wakey-wakey
what happened lost a lot of blood and we
had to stitch you up you're going to
take you back so you can see your baby
boy
I'm wheeled back into my ward see Marcus
at sleep in the chair and our baby boy
in the hospital cot Marcus wanted you to
be the first to hold him that's really
cute warmed me the nurse handed me my
baby before going around to Mark's and
gently away from up where am I
but worried sick about you you to my
little fighters why should we call this
little 1rv
because you love that name I think you
should have his daddy's middle name
Harvey Lloyd Butler I had it Marcus
little Harvey and then rested my head
and marks his shoulder had a baby that's
the closest experience they're having a
baby that I've encountered I feel like
I've learnt a lot I felt oh it to Harvey
hoppy
hi Harvey do Harvey cool well I'm gonna
leave that there guys we have got a next
chapter is Harvey Butler yeah we got a
few chapters left next episode we're
gonna find out what happens in the end
of the story so yeah hope you guys are
enjoying this give it a thumbs up if you
are and I'll see you next time for
another fan picture all right love you
guys bye
