hello hi we're finding out today how
funny am I actually probably not very
funny how funny are you actually a quiz
by BuzzFeed how funny you actually here
we go knock knock who's there
impatient cow impatient cow Moo who's
there needle needle who need will help
getting through the door though who's
there Nana Nana who nany yelled business
that's who who's there Luke Luke ooh
loop through the people and see is we're
gonna be impatient cow impatient cut
wait who's there impatient cow impatient
cut Moo it's got to be the cow one sorry
why did the chicken cross the road to
prove to the possum that it could be
done because it didn't want to be a
chicken because it was egged on Oh to
get the end that no one chooses to get
the other side because it was egged on
choose the cat face
number one is like did you just say my
name number two is like I'm literally
ready to go I'm ready for you number
three is like I can definitely stay here
and watch Netflix all day and number
four number four is like what's number
four like number four like I got that
sass of that tongue just sticking out I
can't choose I can't you be nice not
number three like that's a bit too
boring for me it's either gonna be
number two I'm like raring to go you
know it's gonna be number four like a
little sass done choose something
there's definitely not a penis no the
blonde one looks so realistic like
that's scary
she's saying it's definitely not I mean
more they're all penises are they am I
missing something here is that housing
estate that can't be real they must have
just had an absolute joke builder I
don't know what to pick I'm really over
housing estate what's your banner
ranking
Archbishop of Canterbury banter King we
done smugly hope fantastic mr. Fox
definitely Phantom of the Opera
sorry choose a funny pick-up line we're
not soft but we'd make a great pair I'm
not staring at your boobs I'm staring at
you ha that's clever
you have pretty eyeballs of course
they'd be better if they are I and my
pretty boy just say that someone they
just probably bomb on your face roses
are red violets blue lock me please I
like I'm not staying here peeps I'm
staying at your heart how do people
usually react to your jokes none of them
because my jokes was amazing so yeah
exactly
you guys probably sat home doing one of
those right now we can loser how do you
direct my joke number one definite
number one how often do you tell jokes
everyday I should get paid for this shit
whenever the chance arises once and it
bombed nobody listens to my fucking
jokes anyway whenever the chance arises
like I like you I throw a few cheesy
jokes out a day definitely do what's
your favorite genre of movie horror
action comedy rom-com the-- who's the
funniest on Twitter Chrissy Teigen James
Blunt Anna Kendrick Ryan Reynolds a
hundred percent James Bond James Blunt
is like my favorite Twitter account I
follow he's so witty and just does not
give a shit but he literally just rinses
everyone it's brilliant oh here we go
how funny you actually you got
absolutely hilarious way bring the
applause come on don't let me just hear
that it's being a back
more as much
step aside the chosen one is among us
you are so damn funny you've got
people's sites hurting and cheeks
Achim we should be paying you for your
services
well what can I say guys I don't know
how that how they work that out but I'm
not going to complain if I've been said
I'm absolutely hilarious by BuzzFeed I
will take that so thank you very much
BuzzFeed I hope you guys liked this
video give the video a thumbs up if you
did I know we'll see you tomorrow with
another video
all right love you guys bye bye
