hello welcome to reading fanfiction part
2 I did this video a few days ago we go
whenever you're watching this
and you guys absolutely loved it and
I've just got onto it on my phone and
it's funny because there's a disclaimer
right at the top
Mark's is reading this story I'll put
the link up for you in case you haven't
seen the video on his second channel yet
but oh my god I'm so embarrassed I
couldn't stop laughing the whole way
through the video because this story is
honestly that bad and a very is such a
long time ago now amazing so quick
rundown from what's gone on so far
Marcus lives in Brighton Leila's just
moved from Bristol to Brighton and her
mom moved next door to Marcus Marcus
invited her to a party it was Owen Alfie
and she didn't know what to do oh and
she also has a boyfriend called Harry on
the side so that's about to go down
we arrived at the party and staying with
Marcus most of the time because I don't
know anybody want a drink yeah they're
not shots I predicted Philemon can he
put the glass back in grabs two shots
Nutter ready ready and we both drink it
oh let's get ready to party I shout as I
guard Marcus the Tom's flop one of their
dogs for an alpha spouts
I met lots of new people like Jack and
Finn who were twins damn Hal phil lester
and lots of other cool youtubers me and
Marcus get absolutely smashed wonder if
there's gonna be any smashing late sorry
you're so gorgeous
Marcus sleds in my ear as we dance what
was i doing what about Harry before I
knew it Marcus smashes his lips into
mine came smashes his lips
I couldn't stop Marcus bit my lip asking
for entry I didn't give it him at first
but he just bit harder well he picked me
up so I can put my legs around his waist
in out of his house on the dance floor
my mind keeps telling me to stop and to
think about my boyfriend Harry he's
coming Saturday why can't something is
forcing me on Marcus we go upstairs and
into Alfie is one of our few spare guest
rooms Marcus throws himself for me again
and starts to kiss my neck leaving
behind love marks he places me on the
bed and trails kisses from my back to my
stomach
ready ready he whispers kissing wine
Eric says I don't know where this is
going but the first life I feel
something warm and heavy on my stomach I
roll over to hear light snores Oh Layla
I realize I'm not wearing any clothes
Oh God what did we do last night I lift
Marcus's arm off me and crawl out of bed
grab my clothes and throwing them on
back back on where are you going
I hear mumble from behind me what
happened last night he opens his eyes
and shop how you hate me whose hurry
you've bought for a diamond Richard
loving this
yes I whisper I really hate myself right
now how could I be so stupid for jumping
in bed with a complete stranger was
completely waste and not even knowing
what happened or if there was protection
I feel dirty and slutty brilliant why
didn't you tell me sorry I was meant to
tell you yes it helps it fucking helps
Marcus groans helps what Marcus huh
does it help you before you climb in bed
with everyone whoa
I grab the rest of my things and storm
out and leaving Marcus sat there what
was the heavy warm thing on her stomach
so what I'm saying was there Marcus POV
I watched his latest slammed the door
behind her to pick up the rest of my
clothes finding a condom on the floor at
least it was safe sex
laterz POV I don't know where I was
going but I was running far away from
everything I slowed up a bit when I get
near a beach it was empty so I decided
to sail on a pier what a warm tears was
down my cheek as i clenched my fists in
anger at myself girl once I find my way
home my phone is going mental with
messages three new messages all that is
mental I read the unknown number first
hey Zoe I got your number from Marcus I
saw you storm out Alfie's earlier is
everything okay memories come back from
this morning replying with hi Zoe
coming meat hey saves a big slumber and
ignore the messages from Lux
reading Harry's name makes me feel sick
with guilt
I look in the mirror god I look as bad
as I feel I mean tears strange face I
put on some makeup not a lot though
don't want to look like a geek when I
was really I walked downstairs to my
mother reading the newspaper table would
you like to explain where you were last
night you could've at least told me
you're stopping at that god damn party
longer than twelve Leila
then why mom sounds like that my mom
looked pissy TC Oh about that sorry my
phone died and by the time I found a
charge tomorrow
it was like 1:00 so I decided to sleep
there fine
just next time tell me okay I worry
equity as epically as you've only just
moved here and one more thing aren't you
starting your job yeah but not till
Monday I wanted to ask you is it right
Harry stops tomorrow he's going Sunday
anyways I walk in Starbucks and see Zoe
cygnus at a table towards the back hey
Zoe what did you want to meet Zoe
doesn't sound like Siri does it it's
about last night out Alfie's the whole
reason I stormed out I'm really scared
in case you think I'm a slut only be
here a few days I've done something
really steep I slept with Marcus so his
eyes widened in shock and I waited for
the negative comments that were only
going to be the truth look I'm not here
to judge you you and Marcus were pretty
drunk
look you need to talk to Marcus about it
all a con he hates me why would he hate
you
Zoe's face is full of sympathy because I
have a boyfriend I set the marks whilst
I'm in a relationship
oh I see I'm sure by now Marcus is calm
maybe you can talk properly about it so
he comes and hugs me maybe she was right
maybe we can just forget about what
happened right
I decided to remarket us hello his voice
spiked we need to talk about last night
the line went quiet okay
come mine house is empty I drove my way
to Marcus's house and waited patiently
at the door look I'm sorry for showering
it was my own fault too and I took it
out on you Marcus smart weakly at me and
that's when I realized how stress he
looked it's fine I was harsh too but I
was thinking maybe we could pretend it
never happened I looked at box sure
Marcus POV I swallowed the lump in my
throat well I've done her she has a
boyfriend she loves and she was to
forget about what happened between us
for him I have feelings for Layla it's
out its out the box right now there
Marcus has feelings for Layla oh my god
what is gonna happen next chapter 4 when
we come back next time it's called Harry
oh very I'm absolutely loving me from
these videos that is just so
entertaining 3 so I really hope you guys
are still liking it and enjoying it if
you are obviously give the button a big
thumbs up and yeah I will see you guys
very very soon
love you guys bye
