so a huge part of both of your careers
is Instagram am I correct in saying that
would you agree for sure the show
Germans Next Topmodel helped me in a
digital world because obviously Germans
knew me through the show wanted to
continue watching what I'm doing in my
life and they followed me on Instagram
glad I'm right yes what are you talking
about that I'm not an influencer well
because everyone's an influencer but you
guys being an influencer me being why
doesn't matter still many people on my
friends Oh
going by parakeet maybe the amount the
amount of records I'm ready to buy just
on your Instagram sorry
many people but everyone who's in the
public eye is an influencer because
everyone like anyone who's watching them
is like oh maybe that's cool oh what
they're wearing is cool whatever you
just like a person and you do the same
things no I was gonna say from about
being a big part of a career I feel like
for you Instagram is more or ulema has
changed over time but like Instagram is
like your thing yeah and it's like
Germans don't really use Twitter I've
noticed no Facebook anymore
yeah but like but for you and Instagram
it's like pretty much all of your
influencing jobs and most of your know
those not that most of your model jobs
mostly emoto jobs like have something to
do with Instagram don't they yeah they
do but how do you feel about that like
how has Instagram changed the modeling
industry for you and I guess you can put
it as well how was it changed YouTube
yeah Instagram changed a lot in all the
industries I think like think of
any big campaign like all the new dolce
gabbana campaigns and stuff you only
find on those big billboards those
influences those people who are big on
Instagram because they know it's more
authentic than just a model without any
personality and I am very happy that
Instagram took over this big modeling
word because world because models are
not only what they look like anymore
it's more like what they also having
their brain and in their hearts
personality personalities everything but
the thing is when I come to accosting as
a model the first question is always how
many followers do you have
and I mean for me it's great because it
helps me but I feel so bad for all of
the successful and nice models who are
very talented in this business but they
don't get those jobs anymore because
they don't have the followers and I
think it's so unfair and so weird but
that's how the world is changing at the
moment and I think we just have to
accept it and work with it yeah it's
becoming more of a it's nice because
obviously my whole life in social media
like my whole career has been born from
social media but to see other industries
now fully respecting it same with the
music industry and with Maisie and the
amount of labels and serious people who
now put social media is one of the most
important things that go alongside the
artists so not only can they sing are
they good songwriter it's like have they
got following on social as well so it
it's a lot of pressure though isn't it
it's all-consuming yes I not only you
have to be talented at whatever you do
modeling singing you have to like you
but you have to be like this perfect
personality and have the perfect
Instagram feed a lot partly and some
people don't like to show their private
life some people don't like showing
their boyfriends their home their
anything and I'm just like why does
everyone has to do it well if you ask me
sorry if you asked me it all started a
bit with the Kim with the Kim Kardashian
with the Kardashians in general because
of the show the show was so open the
show was so like in-your-face that
everyone was like oh I want to consumed
is everyday lifestyle vlogging star
every day yeah that couple that
alongside YouTube vlogging vlogging has
been around for so long
Steffie when did you first get instagram
like social media kind of thing did you
have it alongside the show
or was it afterwards that you set up
your kind of professional page before
the show I started Instagram before the
show and I can remember I was in school
and we were sitting in the break I was
just with like one of my friends and he
was like take a picture of your shoes
and posted I was like that's so weird
why would I do that I mean was like yeah
that's the new thing Instagram so he
showed me Instagram thank you it didn't
and then it just started from then I was
just posting I don't know my cat my shoe
just randomly elastic food play the
desert yep but isn't this strange how it
goes from that to then being almost
professional photos well it is
professional photos on your Instagram
feed yeah it is so weird how Instagram
for me changed so much but it's just
social media it became so big and I
think it was a very ya know it's just
very interesting how it all changed for
me and how I make a business out of it
now would you agree that like for
aspiring models and all influences I
guess as well people who want to be kind
of really popular and have a career from
it but it almost works now Instagram
it's like a portfolio isn't it it's like
it doesn't matter if you're not walking
runways or if you're not doing that
because if you've got an amazing
photographer then you can almost like
that's half the job darkness yeah but
there's an issue of this with people and
technology and apps that we have we can
put whatever we can make you can change
how you live tasty and for Instagram and
people are using that to such extremes
and like even the most follow people in
the world do it yeah and they're
changing things and it's like one why
we're doing that too if that's how
you're putting yourself across and then
you get booked to do saying in real life
and you look like someone totally
different well I was going to ask does
it frustrate you
authentic model coming from a modeling
background when influenced sometimes
come in as models too and I have no
experience but they've got a lot of
followers I think it's great I think
it's great that modeling and everything
all the businesses they open up to your
personalities because it's as I said
it's not only how you look like it's
also what you put up in yeah on social
media but I can talk about that coming
from my perspective like obviously
YouTube has always been my main thing
and then I wanted to start doing more of
Instagram and because of the world
changing it allowed me to do more more
jobs through Instagram and more stuff
where five years ago I would never have
done and I would never have thought oh I
could do that yeah it's nice in your
case because you understood the honor it
was to do it I remember when you were
doing at the time you oh my god this is
ridiculous excited and all those big
emotions where this might not be true
but there might be some people there who
are just like ill it's just another
thing don't give it the same gravitas it
deserves but that's not just a
personality it doesn't have anything to
do with that their social media star
they would be the same if they would be
an actor they would just be like ah
another thing it's just a personality if
you tear something or not that's a good
point definitely and it's because you
brought up Marcus about face tune and
things is that a big thing in the
industry that everyone talks about it
blows my mind I'm like why like what I
can tell you Marcus was you being
criticized by anything you post and
anything you post people are commenting
oh my god her toe is weird oh my god her
little finger evil blah and then out of
this there are coming memes like think
of ariana grande she just took a picture
like a selfie in the mirror with her
phone and her fingers looked weird and
then out of that everyone was making fun
of her hands and fingers and she
probably thought fucking hell I should
have facetune that but then then
society's face cheering - but for
everyone to be perfect and then the
impression that that leaves on the real
world who are looking at
thing thinking that the average person
throwing for the fee thing in fucking
hell I'm not looking like them no I'm
not yeah like for kids yeah it's that
there's just issues from both sides
because again you could say when are we
going to get past dickheads leaving
comments like that yeah that's one of
the big things that we ever week we're
talking about you cheapen child stars
how they monitoring that site it's the
same thing of Instagram in a way like
why there's so many comments I see on
like popular people's like posts and
their why how are they getting proven
net like why isn't there a service that
kind of stops that little hey but just
it's a bit instagrams a bit similar with
I'd say YouTube vlogging comments like
when you're when you're a vlogger and
you let people in your life who said it
so many times before people criticize
your everything you do in your life and
Instagram is a little bit similar the
pictures you post because it's like they
that will criticize how exactly how you
look so if you post picture viewing I
don't know your hair's funny people go
your hair looks shit yeah they're just
so to the point but what's the
difference with you doing face tune
individually doing it yourself and
magazines and whoever then doing it to
people oh yeah it all came from
definitely the big Photoshop which is
happening on every single magazine
anything even if you watch a movie
they're like the pimples are out of
there and blah blah blah blah blah Oh
edited it's all not real because people
want to see that perfect thing honestly
people like seeing beautiful people it
is just like that it is a weird thing
but this is what's happening and
everyone pretends to be perfect it was
weird because then we have this made-up
world of what perfect is you know if
throughout time pictures videos have
been portrayed that way it's like what
actually yeah the idea of perfect is
made of all vision changing over time is
Nana it's made of course it is but and I
think people who are vulnerable who do
get really upset and down about not
looking like how they want to
I think they forget that the people who
they think they want to aspire to have
exactly the same thing they're still
face tuned he said if the people at the
very top of the game are doing it
should say something to everyone else
nobody's perfect
I've read a part of it in my book and it
said because we are people and we just
want to be accepted and liked by others
we do anything for that like we're being
a human race yeah it's just how we are
as humans we were being super nice we're
doing things that we actually don't want
to do just to be liked and accepted from
other people and I think that's the same
with trying to be perfect with how you
look what you wear and everything you
just want to be someone who's standing
out and is accepted and loved from
everyone Steffie just the truth bombs
today it relates into everyday life as
well I feel like the average person
cares about how they look yeah you know
the average person will look in the
mirror before they leave the house like
if they get ready in the morning going
to work in school it's like you look and
you do care about your appearance
some people are too obsessed and all
they can think of as hopefully I look
good hopefully I don't smell hopefully I
am I don't know what smelling is pretty
bad though yeah with both of your
Instagram feeds do you feel a pressure
to keep it refreshed and daily content
or weekly content how do you do about
you and because it's a business in its
own right so how are you managing that
so weird I would love to say that I
don't care I just post whatever I love
Instagram and I use it as I want it's
it's weird because it's a gift Instagram
is a gift and it's a huge gift if you
have those followers and all of those
people watching you in are interested in
your life but sometimes it overtakes
your alive you know sometimes you're
just thinking of I want a picture or I
want to do cool insta stories I want to
do this and that and it's just like okay
just try and relax
you're still living your life and you're
allowed to have fun without filming it
and posting it and you're allowed to
wear a cool outfit without posting it
and it's just so weird because it's
still like in
had in the back of your head it gives
you a like oh you should post it's like
a weird thing right yeah I think you can
even save me I feel like I've been on a
journey recently where I'm sharing less
and less of my like personal life for no
real reason I just I just feel like I
want to enjoy it more in that moment
rather than think oh I have I should
film this or I should do this I should
do that and the same with my actual
posts as well Instagram for me used to
always just be a byproduct of YouTube
and everything yeah it always used to be
a byproduct and I would say more
recently with all the fashion stuff that
I'm like trying to do now it's become
more of a like strategic this is an
element of my job and this is what I
want to do with it rather then this is
my life on Instagram and I'm just
sharing it but that's what it is in you
guys in your positions it's a job isn't
it's a business it is and I never
accepted that of Instagram for so long I
was like Napa instagrams just like me as
a byproduct of me it's just I feel like
it's more monetized Vance a Twitter or
something like that
yeah well it's great Instagram still is
I think the fastest growing platform and
it's the platform that brands within
this space a turning to more and more
for sponsorships rather I can speak
coming from the YouTube side you know
YouTube was always the first to do like
branding work with social media stars
and stuff and then Instagram is becoming
more and more yeah but the thing is for
me Instagram is still not a job it's not
like that I'm you know what I mean it's
Instagram for me is still not a business
it's still me and it's still things I
want to post and it's not I don't know
it's just such a weird combination of
yes I do get paid for some posts but I
would never do those posts if I don't
like them it's just it's still me and
myself and what I really like either if
it's like fashion or makeup or anything
yeah it's like with everything balance
isn't it never is it's like of course
people follow you for who you are like
you're funny
I'm funny sometimes and bringing your
personality into whatever is you're
doing an instrument and you guys say
guys we went for lunch yesterday but you
both said hoax you're going on a trip
later this year and you're gonna go
social-media free yet trip how are you
feeling about that and how will it work
with what you do just to clarify I don't
know if we said for the whole trip to so
yeah I did say to Mike I didn't I said
that I would love to because we've been
a holiday know we've been a holiday
before and one hour my phone for an hour
whoa steady on but yeah we've always
said we've understood but we never do
but I definitely want to use that trip
as try just to try it but not even
immersing myself in social media so not
even talking about personally posting
just not even browsing social media and
we all have become so obsessed and
addicted to social media I think just in
everyday life yeah phones in general
screen time is scary and we've all been
there where you forget your phone for
something and you literally feel so
helpless in so many situations it's a
little bit embarrassing but it's also a
little bit scary and I just think I want
to experience that without this big
social media element there's one see
what it's like is it a good thing is it
bad thing wait until this the phone it's
just all up here in your head that's
when how do you switch off then I mean
that's for another podcast probably
probably not this one but it does stress
me out if I'm thinking of not posting
for a week and not doing social media
for a week because you are also kind of
scared to lose it you know if you have
this gift you don't want to lose it
since that amazed that what you're
thinking it so if you go like a couple
of days not posting you like oh people
gonna stop following is that what you're
worried about or just is it competitors
or other people who are I lost that
worry a long time ago it's not because
of other people at all it's more about
the followers and more about
is my engagement and going down and
stuff and our people and less interested
in me and what are the people thinking
and I just have so many weird thoughts
and I just put pressure on myself I
think my followers they wouldn't care
and they would understand but I put
pressure on myself it's the same thing
when we were daily uploading on YouTube
the whole YouTube platform society
culture thinks that oh my god if you
don't post a video every day
you're fucked true and when you're in
that moment of posting every day if we
didn't post for one day both of us like
oh my god people are gonna stop watching
oh my god we're not gonna get any more
subscribe and it was true yeah but
you're sucked into this yeah of course
you are shit but I think in fairness
with Stephie I feel like she enjoys that
a lot more than those deep-fried I just
do in my spare time now like whenever
got a couple of hours
fuck you know acai bowls me how did you
think of deep frying was it just like
what does get a lot of views let's fry
some oh the process that the
storyboarding them and NZ's iconic we
thought we were like Steve Jobs that we
can
