hello beautiful safety people Paul let
me just adjust the light there we go
we're a business welcome to more markets
welcome to today's video we're gonna be
reminiscing on some school memories I
went to school in England a British
school and we're gonna be looking at a
list of things that you can check off to
see if you end to a bad school so we're
gonna see if I went to a bad school
I'm actually pretty lucky I went to
pretty good school so probably I
probably don't have many of these things
on there but check of all the images
that remind you of your school shithole
I did actually have some of this thing
so your main building was a 60s brick
shithole that looked something like this
two of my schools did look like that so
yes but some of your lessons weren't
trough the not fit for purpose temporary
block a hundred percent I had this when
I went to college the whole time is at
college six six moment have you on the
call that for two years they were like
oh it's really great because we're like
rebuilding and it's gonna be amazing but
it's gonna take two years so your whole
year's gonna completely miss out on it I
was like oh but we are gonna give you
these lovely temporary buildings ok
those if you know if you've been in one
of those if you have lessened first
thing in the morning in them you know
how flippin cold nail carpet looks
exactly like is it just completely worn
oh my god yeah one of my schools had
that horrible blue corridor six hongkong
room at these exact chairs covered in
stains I don't remember that I do
remember
so when I said no one really used the
common room at my college they tried to
happen we were so small we just didn't
really well they also used to have one
at my school so when I was growing up
they used to have the con room that year
Elevens like had I had a music in there
in there in cool space and when I got to
that year wasn't there anymore
great I did think I was really cool
though once one of my mates brothers was
in the common room and he took us a
Maronite yet five I thought I was
Kouros were bleak and soulless yes
except between lessons when they were
crammed with 1000 yeah but that's kind
of just that obvious I mean you know it
is absolute
Ramo city when people are trying to get
from class to class but what can you do
the gym change rooms were cold smelly
and offered no privacy that is a bit you
know the weirdest thing when I was in
here for when we first like started
doing sports whether or not even year
for up to a year for everyone would have
to change in the classroom I don't know
if this is this would happen now but all
worked here for you'd stand behind your
table and just change and everyone girls
and boys everyone just Ana all changing
like that's weird isn't it
that is weird let me know if next week
because I thought it was weird at the
time but I was like I should have some
privacy here in a classroom don't even
taken us to sports trainer and we're
just doing it in the classroom also ok
bit Randy you so annoyed me when I was
at school they never allow us time to
shower after sports so we always had to
go straight to our next lesson I was the
kind of person who I love sports play
those sports always got really into us
wet team bred smelly and you just have
to put all your school clothes back on
and go into class that's rank isn't it
and there was always rubbish graffiti on
the walls then I have graffiti oh my
walls actually are the school textbooks
which you had to shed or be interface to
oh yes you know I get a few tweets every
now and then from people that are at
school now at schools I went to and
they're like no I've got your textbook
I'm like God the school is that stingy
two haven't upgraded them since then Wow
but yeah I used to really enjoy getting
your textbook and looking through who
had it before me and being on this
person this photo could be a revision
homework from one cover the revision
guide which the whole school share that
flip in whatever g cg peers that
sunglasses person with the logo in the
top right corner oh my god I'm so
I hate his homework
sorry some of you probably watching mrs.
Saturday in your homework so thumbs up
for you
joke to your homework is really
important my homework is this you know
I'm doing my work away from home school
football look like this my mama's worse
than that in my first school we just had
a foam ball like an eaten up shitty
little foam ball and they're like yeah
go play football with that okay and the
goalpost has no Nets some schools don't
even have got a place like this sounds
very like first well problem he doesn't
and it is massively first well
importantly that's what what a lot of us
have been through so what can you do
yeah again in my school never use didn't
even have goalposts summer I mean you
should just be like through your school
jumpers down and then you'd have massive
arguments over whether it was actually a
goal yet online feud with the posh
private school around the corner well I
hope that private school water Somalia
no I actually I went to state school and
private school so I can relate to both
the naughtier kids operated a black mark
of a bad street yes yes oh my god I love
this this kid wasn't even that naughty
but with this kid it was a bit strange
but he was lovely lovely kid called Phil
in my school and everyone went was
queuing at his locker cuz he just he was
smart he brought in
shitloads of multipack biscuits Chris
everything and he just opened his lock
mean he'd have everything in there used
to buy things off him
some other kids would do the sweet shop
run so at lunch break they would jump
over the fence and like run ten minutes
way to the sweet shop and then make it
back if they got caught they got fry
ascension but why they made by a couple
pounds profit the head would hold
special assemblies to ward you off
whatever evil was stalking the school
corridors yeah I feel like if anything
wasn't going to plan in school that we'd
there'd be like a big assembly
a big warning like you see this person
make sure you don't do this like them
classroom was heated by these H radios
which gave horrific birds of can't face
yes this is like my life in a document
this is so relatable right now this
might not even be relatable for you guys
because some of your younger so you
might be watched it's like oh yeah my
school surged nice then is well we went
through tough times guys you have those
frickin radiators though are especially
I used to be a chess we don't you know
like rocking back on your chair and you
always have the teachers been oh don't
do that
I had a cute student practice an open
side note I had an assembly once and a
teacher was teaming demonstration of
what would happen to your head so you
put some eggs on a stick put them on a
chair push the chair over and explode
everywhere it obviously some King
because I still remember that now anyway
point let's say is sometimes you drop
back on your chair against the wall if
you know what I mean you could like need
it in school sometimes you go back and
lean onto the radiator about realizing
and burn your back every few weeks or
window will be smashed by football yeah
I mean that's just childhood in general
whether that's at school whether that's
at home somewhere some somewhere windows
are being smash the rock hard blue mat
yes they used to just lie those out like
they just usin just lying on the floor
and they're just like right now do some
exercises school wish it wasn't it like
looking at this just comparing it to
what school seven hours like that was
our gym classes then brilliant your gym
shoes look exactly ideas yes the
plimsolls
you know what though though they smell
amazing brand new that's what I'm saying
school days look like this I was a
little bit Phillip Mong a bit better
than I just I remember having a lot of
baked beans I'm thermoman better
this is hurt definitely look like that
we're in a trick at school our dessert
plates if you're really sneaky because
they checked so you can basically get
one main one
and they check your plate but the
dessert plates are smaller so aren't you
eating it you could if you're sat on the
table you could put it under the table
and like stick it in the corner
underneath so then you can sit there and
be like oh I haven't had dessert and
then oh yeah you don't have your plate
and then you can get another one your
school trip lunch loose then you hate
that when you going on a school trip and
it's like lunch is provided and you're
so excited and you get anything oh yes a
soggy wet sandwich it was the best thing
in the world when a teacher with one of
these bad boys into carton
this is old school now I remember this
bin yeah not even actually my history
teacher but that was the best feeling in
history or any less than when they're
like today we're going to watch a video
and some of they'll be like I know this
might be boring but it's really
important and then you'd be like yeah
it's so boring ah please don't make us
mom watch more videos blue paper taps
for the solution two little problems yes
did any of you used to in the toilet wet
those so you put them under the tap on
them throwing the ceiling or people no
no me neither
yeah I mean all examples that I don't
examples look like that now that's how
imagine them still looking you had
rubbish school trip to the town centers
look at urban yes on the geography trip
is when you had to go around and you
have to look at like well I haven't that
is it isn't it
oh my god this is the missus my
favourite hangover Don BuzzFeed but
there was none we yes we had to go and
test like not recycling but saying to do
with all that stuff
there was like parts you had to carry
out the different sections of your
studies I can't remember what the
terminology is it was a school nature
area but it was so over numbers I have
in it honestly why all schools like this
school presentations that let's hang out
the 1940s
yeah before you had all your smart
boards yeah you know all the big fancy
boards we had to flip it like copy notes
or read off of these bloody projector
that never were lined up great but you
could never see them they're always out
of focus of course you see using a flair
for boob lips you could do boo blurs you
could do boobs school computers of Pasic
an update yeah max my best mate you
think it's really funny to go round the
ITV felt and Nick everyone's ball out
there so you can use your mouse he is
still as annoying as he was about he
spent a lot of time with word yes I
always went for two it was always been -
it was always either I did my mouth this
one the blue swirly one or the
multicolored on just above it never
anything else always those do your
uniform was too big so you could grow
into it literally if I had it I would
show you my mom bought me a blazer when
I first went to the school and I had
that blaze up until year ten because it
was so big for me very nice to have
school you show the lights yeah of
course
I me and max we're friends of the year
above at school so when we're in year 10
we got our search we are shirts signed
by year 11th then a new year 11 we also
didn't see yeah that was so relatable to
me it hurts but I'm interested snow it's
relatable to you guys because I feel
like your school is so different now cuz
I said that was literally my school like
growing up but I'm sure yours is very
different now Benny
gives me a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
let me know in the comments and I'll see
you guys tomorrow in our video goodbye
goodbye goodbye
