hello beautiful sexy people hello hello
hello welcome to the channel welcome
welcome welcome
you know I'm gonna say if you new around
here subscribe join the family join the
mall Marcus family we're a lovely bunch
of people here we're a great community
we stick together hit that subscribe
button and welcome basically and for
those you returning you're the real
Nations anyway today is a guest the
YouTube we did a part one to this and
you guys really really enjoyed it so
we're gonna do a part two I said this
with all the guests you as the great
things we've done a lot of new ones
recently but we haven't even started
doing part twos of the ones you guys
really like but in part two and that is
guest YouTube by a singing voice okay
you know the school I'm gonna be played
some beautiful definitely not tone-deaf
youtuber singing and idea to is but nine
people nine youtubers so you know nine
yeah yeah and then you have to say I'm
better thief than you okay yes okay
right ready yeah number one on them
haters I love that song yeah
well that's her my is Logan's much
better singer is me do you think it's
the much better brother oh I like Logan
who are you saying that is it you know
who it is I just did there mater yeah
flying at them and now I wonder they can
sing
Marnie vaping Garen I was just too into
that song do you know that song yeah
that's hot
they're American
yeah the king lowly yes yes oh he can
sing yo he is can mate your time did
should I say so far I'm better a fee for
that new right another free yeah I have
a question this is does he have a record
deal he does
I would like to say he's not trying
there and he's your big case I found one
in verse number four doing very well on
nice voice I can so many youtubers sing
I love this song she's gonna say she's
got a Jacob Sartorius phone cover how
old is she - old is she she old name
let's are older than 11 yeah
English or American American are they
big yeah it's not how I was about to say
is I don't wonder if she really would
do I know them I'm not sure this doesn't
count and shut hey I was gonna get off
just lost it who wasn't gonna say it was
her I was gonna say this doesn't count
but her was gonna say it was bethany
mota okay but she's huge my reaction no
no need to guess how many gets is two
three yeah this is easy kazoo yeah
perfect I know I'm better at FIFA then
you know that's really hard
are they smaller than Bethany Mota okay
you don't dream it does her name begin
with an A her first name the question no
heaven yes is it Andrea Russett yes
Austin Powers
Wow cool Oh better they do up just have
a half way to go
she could also sing yeah can the five
yes their American army
gave it away a bit there yeah I'll be
playing that again yeah you okay and
I'll play it again play parade evolved a
American yeah for they choose YouTube
huge yeah do they have more than 10
million subscribers oh yes you do is it
markiplier yes how is he ready
so 90% and I'm better people than you
know you ready
I can hear it I need to turn the
speaker's aren't facing me
is this the only clip you've got yeah
that doesn't count
it does tonight I'll close my eyes I
honestly can't hear
who's that where they from a British
it's a tough one to answer okay not
British so they're not British no the
American no no more questions
yeah yeah that's it don't we get three
questions
yeah we do three guesses not
oh man I'm really stuck
I need some help you're not getting any
happier a hundred percent less because
corrected we need to get her not British
or American no - PewDiePie Oh
can't really sing Kelly yeah it's cute
very cute very romantic next one is that
all I get yeah
there's more isn't the American yeah a
part of a team they all right oh okay
okay that's the question your answer are
they part of a team no you're lying
no swearing your mind no no Parvati
Alyssa I am doing very well would you
watch the vlogs
no how did you know I just know why are
you so annoying this is how I feel
playing you at FIFA I don't get it when
I play you at FIFA sounds a bit like
Drake yeah
is that Logan Paul
so annoyed if honestly if you could see
his face oh hey it's getting nothing not
a snake no you think that's yours imma
take you know if I get this you're
sitting here and doing a personal
message saying I'm better at FIFA that
nation I ever featured on this channel
brilliant
lit you can't even understand there you
know the store no praise me there's no
room huh bring it closer raise the
volume
I'm so lost for words right now if you
pick it is what I don't know it one more
time oh it's not one it's not done
who is it English yes you know your
knowing it all day yes so this is a big
moment if you do it no pressure
two more questions don't get it wrong a
lot of youtubers in England I think
you're more annoyed because you don't
have to admit something you can't do
that
shame that how we did we that is a rule
wait don't cut it
who is it right again yeah I like it
because I want to give you any clue
you're not giving me any food you didn't
need to look at me I can see your eyes
okay so there UK have I met them in
person I don't know that doesn't count
as a question then but of course it
isn't this can't you have to answer the
question and you can't guess okay okay
another question you do know tell me
tell me stop lying
yes I've met them yes is it I got two
yeses is it deadly hey comedy shows game
oh this is amazing
a hundred percent a hundred percent oh
my god
I don't know what you're expecting of me
birth under pressure watching
no you need to say something I'm not
saying it
can you just I'm sorry no no I don't
care the hammer at me I'm not saying
goes quick no no just do it quick what
let's go and get the scores oh come on
shall we are pretty quick cut three two
one I'm the best at FIFA quick cut three
two one you're better than me people I'm
sorry
rules are put there to be stuck - he is
so annoyed I love how aggressive you get
with the youtubers one on I feel like
I've won five titles and FIFA with that
this is amazing this is amazing
I hope you guys enjoy playing on at home
if you didn't make sure to give it a big
thumbs up subscribe if you're new and I
will see you guys tomorrow moving on
alright and also if there's more
youtubers you know that sing and we
haven't used them comment them down
there and we'll maybe do a part three
alright see you guys soon wait
