hello beautiful sexy people welcome to
the channel if the developer pipette
attacked her if this is the first time
you're ever watching you know what to do
hit that subscribe button join the more
Marcus movement woo so I did this video
a few weeks ago where I tweeted out
asking you guys for some of your
questions that you wanted to know
answers to that youtubers don't talk
about all that I've never done in like a
normal ask Marcus video I'm eating it in
a way where it was uncut so when the
actual questions died Matt was asking me
the questions just straight out and we
kind of rolled with it like that and it
was really nice and it was fun and I
don't know I it was just different and I
felt like doing it uncut was a bit
different as well so lo and behold
that's what's gonna happen this time pop
to the exactly same pain Matt's gonna
ask me questions
uncut I say uncut the intro and outro is
cut because that's just you know makes
it snappy or whatever
there was a lot of rattled like or but
it's just not uncut this is clearly
Karzai okay well the actual main content
is uncut if that being said are you
ready I'm ready this time I'm gonna yeah
so last time Matt was right in he's in
it feels that he's into you me feel very
close this time and he'd ask me a
question and just look now a laptop so I
was like ah so now he's just gonna stare
at my eyes interaction yeah you ready
yeah let's go what would you say your
biggest achievement in life is so far
doing YouTube walking for DNG having a
podcast etc wow that is such a hard
question to think of on the spot yeah
number one biggest achievement to life
in life huh it's that many years thing
that's me shut up laptop to meter yeah
if you can reach over this is we're
keeping this uncut you can you can hate
hit that unmute button oh he doesn't
know where it is he's done it did you
yeah
oh this days I'm cutting with keeping it
uncut all right shut up okay
biggest achievement in life do you know
what I would probably say for a long
time it was I was so proud of a million
subscribers just because back then it
felt like huge deal whereas now I feel
like people hit a million subs in a day
some people so I would say I'd still say
that something that I'm still proud of
hitting that milestone I guess it's a
huge achievement but also they signified
a different part of your life I guess
that was serious yeah it felt like I
don't know everything I've done because
it took me a long do something like four
years together so for that that's then
happened I was like wow I've done this
I've done this not like no I didn't know
I was in LA I think I just I was just so
I did the rap video for that and that's
why I did to celebrate but I didn't like
go out clubbing or anything dais no I
should probably shoot it I shouldn't but
also yeah walking the dolce gabbana is
just mental by the fact I've done that
is yeah weird that cool warm happy but
why are you traveling so much oh good
question
well one of the first reasons I travel a
lot to Germany is because I'm telling us
if you don't know the hits is because my
girlfriend is German um German Russian
that kicked up a big debate in the
comment section on that video I said
Josh and she's Josh them so I travel we
travel to him from Germany a lot I don't
know if it's like this at you or the
camera so that's one bulk of traveling
but then just that like the job doing
jobs around the world requires me to be
in lots of places around the world so
that's why I travel a lot I mean yes to
your audiences like they always see you
on Instagram so blind yeah that's the
thing it's like I changed my twitter by
to probably up where my location is
probably on a plane
because they like on so many planes but
yeah a lot of people are like wow you
just must be on so many holidays I'm
like no we'll get salvation something
that's one of the question oh yeah but
there is a stigma brother youtubers and
holidays ISM yeah
youtubers loves are so easy is that
annoying doesn't know me because it's
like I'm I don't feel like I have to
prove it to anyone I know that I work
hard and I've got a lot of stuff going
on inside I don't feel like I have to be
like guys my life is so hard
Alexa calm it love why did you a Lexus
stop why did you stop Marcus about the
games
oh the deep question the big one
everyone wants to know the answer to no
I still marked about the games because
to be honest I started it because at the
time man gaming was huge and I was like
I'll give gaming gaming and go surely
that's so fun playing games recording
myself I can't tell you how long those
videos took to film how long it took to
edit and I was like I meant to be
enjoying myself playing games like for
entertainment I'm not enjoying myself
they may get more respect for games as I
PewDiePie itself yeah definitely I was
just like that's when I realized that I
enjoy gaming to a certain extent but not
enough to make it my job essentially so
yeah if you could go back to when you
first started YouTube what is the one
thing you wish you could change when I
first started youtube the one thing I
wish I could change say it's before
probably nothing just because I feel
like everything that I would have done
men I've learned I've learned from that
or I've learned and that's put me to
where I am now that's put me on this
learning curve of life of creation of
like creativity all that stuff and take
me to where I am now so
we wouldn't change anything do you feel
silly I would change one thing no sir I
made a video with jacksgap and it was
just a bit like 20 I know it was just
quite offensive but I was young I was
like 19 no that gives me an excuse by is
like tonight I just look back on it now
I'm like what was I doing wrong as you
say you were young a lot of these kids
now blowing up that's it yeah that a 10
yeah yeah are you gonna say what videos
are you let them guess they can guess do
you feel sad / weird that everyone has
their own thing now and you're older you
don't hang out as much as you would like
to so selfie Casper yes this is such a
good question
because it's the my column you know when
it's on we that would usually be cut we
always have a panic because we've done
this those times when we need high
something's in the parts of film videos
of the mic off anyway that is such a big
question and people still comment now
like why aren't you friends with Joe or
Caspar Alfie anymore you guys never hang
out and I think what people don't
understand is that when we started as
youtubers none of us really liked it
wasn't really a full-time job then we
were just all having so much fun we were
learning we were hanging out so much
because we were all experiencing this
crazy new thing that YouTube was and
like having fans and doing all this
crazy stuff and we were doing things
together because no one else we didn't
do anything else we were oh this is now
a job but like what do I do with my time
I make a video week and then then what
just last about doing nothing and that's
what YouTube was he's you had to learn
it but now everyone's built up these
huge careers of brands businesses people
making a lot of money now so it's like
people you don't have the time to like
just hang out with people anymore I
don't even see a lot of my friends
because I'm so busy like you know how
much how much restricted time is and
it's just like
does that upset you that you probably
see me more than your may see you more
than Stephanie knowing no that's fine
cuz this was a very highly requested
question I think is a bit silly but she
likes how did Zoe now if we tell you
they were boyfriend and go are very
highly requested cook I'll have to check
that I can post this before I everyone's
talking about and they they didn't tell
me I had to like Rick it's actually
quite a funny story it'd be funny if we
get out from the podcast to talk about
it in full detail but basically I knew
they were going out but Alfie was trying
to hide it from me and it was clearly
one of these things I was like let me I
know you're going out we would we were
doing a big job together and Mia now he
was sharing a broom so like for weeks at
a time while we're filming and in the
night he was like waist skyping Zoe and
I was like I'm not you're not just
friends like obviously yeah yeah and he
always you spent no not going out I was
like you clearly are and then one time
when we were on the set oh I was so
rattled by this I was like look who's
face with messaging how the whole time I
was like why God say outfit I was like
if you're not together let me take over
and I can say anything I want and see
what Zoe says like pretending I'm you so
I did I pretended to say saying I'm not
gonna say what it is now it was like
something cheeky I said towers like
can't wait to be cheeky tonight wink
face and her ice aroma I've heard it my
response was we can't cuz Marcus is in
the room it was a job I literally jumped
up of the sofa crews that of them sober
is running around the set where all
night just like just tell me I know I'm
not gonna go tell anyone I mean now be
happier can you go into more detail
about you having social anxiety
oh wow that's deep
I don't Reno how to this is just me self
diagnosing
self with that as well but I don't know
if that's why I have but I struggled to
do things on my own
like I can't did we did talk about this
in the last video
touch upon it so ever since I come in
but I have not struggled to but I get
nervous going to place his on way so I
would never go when I was younger if I
need to get say in town I would only go
the French I would never go mine if I
had to go on my own like perhaps you had
to I just hate it I'd have to have
headphones in I'd be very nervous I'd
like walk around my head down hope you
don't even know what that reason is for
like yeah yeah way before YouTube like
when I was living in Brighton why why
that is I don't know predicament you're
in what you do I think that it's helped
a little bit but it's it's heightened
when I have to go to like an event so
when I went to the Brit Awards was going
with Jim saying happen and Jim wasn't a
anymore and it's like oh now I'm going
mode and that was like well I was with
you before I was shitting it I was I'm
so nervous just going somewhere roomful
of like slurps and I'm like hey guys
names Marcus but yeah is that is that
social anxiety I don't know it sounds as
though it is if you had I used to think
as well like I would avoid when I was at
college I would avoid hated it I hated
break at college not knowing where I'm 8
was so if I hadn't text someone oh it
wasn't known where mate was to go and
meet them I go just go to the library or
something cuz I didn't want to walk
around we've like 2,000 people I would
never walk into the canteen where
everyone here and the winter because
it's so cold everywhere walk in the
canteen I just felt so intimidating
cause there's sliding doors you walk in
everyone in the whole canteen stares at
you so I'd avoid doing that fear of
people something like big groups you
think if they I'll be wrong big groups
of people I mean maybe do any of you
have similar things like that I don't
know what it is I've called it social
but I don't know that's it it likes her
worst dancer and worst singer in the
YouTube burned that's a good one let me
see our worst dancer hands-down Casper
but he is the most uncoordinated unag
enamored fluffy he's just all over the
place bless him worst sing it was it the
worse than worse yeah
worst singer I'm gonna say Alfie come on
on the sound when we recorded it here it
sounds like a robot like sounds like a
robot yeah at any point have you wanted
to change your whole channel or quite
quite it does say quite so let's eg yeah
I've never wanted to quit like I've
never had that moment of thinking wow
but I do have this kind of desire and I
guess it's a struggle like save me and
Stephanie you want to go travelling for
like three months I feel like I can't do
that because I can't just be like right
now by Matt but like things that people
can take time out of work or doing more
normal jobs I feel like I can't because
I have all these people subscribing it's
like that's all my career lies on that
but anything I do relies on that so I
feel like I have to work super hard now
to achieve the things I want to and then
I can be like now I'll go travelling
yeah with kids if all your videos but
one was elitist which one would you save
if all my videos but one were deleted I
would save
ah I honestly don't know my first
thought was one of the rap video is just
because so much time effort money went
into those and it's such a big memory
but maybe one of our hands you don't
know it's really hard question maybe one
of the sketches we've done that's like
the funny oh one quitting YouTube that
would make sense how is your first time
brilliant
an intimate moment that I'm not willing
to share with hundreds of thousands of
people do you think so I just avoid the
question most Awkward fan experience
most awkward fan experience some people
just have like stories to go to them
fall back on them if this I don't off
the top of my head that's a nice thing
yeah
I honestly can't I can't think of
anything off the top of my head we've
had it's already awkward it's not
awkward if that wasn't awkward doesn't
say I had a funny pattern moment but no
because that sounds dodgy like something
doc Gees happen with a fan I had a funny
part moment no I had when we traveled
Mex we went into Mexico Tijuana I've
told you I think I've told you this
story
we were just like walking around Tijuana
and then this fan of Jeff and Finn
pulled up with their mum in their big
like 4x4 car and then their mum was just
like yo do you want me to just drive you
all six of you in my car so there was
like ten people in this five seater car
drive around Mexico take you to get
beers take you to get tacos no just fans
in there as well it's like
okay have you ever posted a video but
you aren't happy with but post it for
the sake of it I definitely say back in
the day I felt so much pressure to have
a week because that's all I had had one
channel one day uploaded Sunday like BAM
and I'm sure there were times where I
was less happy with videos than others
that's still the same case now there's
definitely videos you're more I prove
than others
I'd even say at a time or more Marcus
when we were like bulk filming a lot of
videos a lot of videos before we kind of
had a refresher more marques there was
times that not I didn't want to ever
upload a video but it was very much like
trying to film as many videos in this in
a short space of time it was good logic
so then we had more time to do marks
Butler channel and other things at that
but the content felt very stale
yeah marks about the channel nature
marks about the channel I feel like this
is the main channel now so know how you
guys feel about that who asked who out
when you and Stephanie got together oh
here we go
so note the simple answer is no one
asked but we didn't have that talk
website oh I feel like when you're
younger asking someone out is such a big
thing it's a terrifying thing yeah but
as you get older and you have more
mature relationships I feel like that
isn't that like are we boyfriend and
girlfriend now it just happens but in
terms of who was kena definitely me
last one this is a nice one where is
your happy place
oh my happy place is some really wet
whatever you're gonna give me shit for
it I don't care but is where wherever in
the world I'm somewhere with Saffy don't
give me that face but it's true and I'm
I'm not shied today that's true what a
mate good answers bow through we
survived that was I felt like that was
more fun than the first one I think it
was more fun because you gave something
back to the questions everything like
you added a question in so it felt like
an interview whereas last time it was
just me talking at you yeah on that note
we do have a podcast you can listen to
it by clicking that the Flippen link
right there we post every single Monday
most Monday sometimes we have a little
break when things getting a bit too much
but we do have a podcast go subscribe to
it listen to it and it's kind of chats
like this but a lot more funny as well
because we're very funny but yeah I hope
you guys like this video if you do like
this style of them we'll try and do more
maybe one a month or something where
it's a bit more uncut and just raw
questions so yeah let me know in the
comments if you'd like that
give video a thumbs up and I will see
you guys tomorrow another one bye
