hello beautiful sexy people welcome I
look a little bit tan that's because I
came back from New Yorker last night I
was on a really cool job there and you
guys will see it soon on the marks but
the YouTube channel yo but today we're
continuing our popular series of guest
the youtuber by that something today is
guess the youtuber by their laugh again
I feel like this would be quite easy I
feel like I should do quite well on this
but who knows maybe we're gonna be
surprised eleven people yeah so you're
playing that you're just playing a lot
from over there yep yep we're ready to
rock and roll with a youtubers laugh
sounds like someone's possessed is that
that sounds like someone's trying to
fake did you see that when young a pot
like fake laughs you saw how you did it
my sister's views but all who can do the
funny who spoke law no one was actually
not funny
what's yours this sounds like a clown
like a creepy clown yes please
I can just play the last like two
seconds is the last but I nearly get it
it's not Joe no last two seconds again
I'll I know that last little bit this is
so hard
david dobrik no yes alright play again
who's like that is like a dog being
killed that Logan poor boy oh my god
shit he is different laughs though that
is like a hard law I feel like his
laughs now he's just like so he does
that he just like that I should be in
love that's a collab idea recreating
YouTube's laughs copyrighted here if
anyone takes that Zoe No
yeah there's outfit you hear Alfie
coming in I know I laugh because I feel
like when you come up with people you
laugh a lot let's go lost a lot of Zoey
who is that
ah that is whose case I lost one gave it
away pan tires got on iconic blah as I
feel like it's very put on dude yes we
smile when I hear yeah it's just like a
Jimmy Carter
I'm sure that's fake that's quite a good
impression
no one else on the intake yeah but I
feel like ksi was you know when it was
all serious and away from YouTube when
it came back with an insta story he was
very like oh my god you might sue me
like check out this video now he's
dropping diss tracks again he's like ksi
again lipped resound like a hyena yeah I
think I heard that's belittle hyena
hanging out the chainsmokers these days
yeah it's the easiest law hour please
laugh makes me laugh who's like yeah
I'll like half his laugh
if the these different clips okay
they sound like they can't breathe so I
have an idea who it is Tyler Oakley no
no yeah that sounds like Tyler I know is
it dead sheep comedyshortsgamer yeah
here's a lot he laughs too much doesn't
he he said everything is alright what's
up guys that is Tyler that is Tyler
Tyler's laughs isn't it there's some
people's laughs that just make you laugh
Tyler has one of those yeah I wish I am
iconic laughs that's Lila and you say
something funny
holy Christmas
laughs properly I always go for words
I don't know I'm like now you ready yeah
it's cheap all joking joking
ooh it's done how yeah I know Dan's love
I'm only I'm joking because um we did a
video and I what did I say I said Phil
was Jake Paul it was like guess the
youtuber buy something and I got my said
filled with Jay Paul I got killed in the
comments so fandom is a joke you know we
can bound her a little bit but then will
you protect me I picture the fandom
that's like it's just this army of like
but I pitched them having weapons with
like you their shields are Dan and Phil
space yes very well that is like a
murderous laugh any clues no idea no I
did
that first bit is like I don't like that
that sound it's like what's the word not
creepy laughs like Gary laughs it's an
evil laugh evil laugh yeah evil laugh
from a film
oh this is horrible not well after me
they sound American
yeah it's a guy not a girl yeah one more
question
it's not Anthony from Smosh no no oh
gosh sorry
ah one more time Logan Paul yeah I'm in
the logo I seen that video is from Team
that video minutes from why their music
she's creeping me out
ah I know it or was that the next one
yeah I know it is I would never have got
it if you didn't play that one bit yeah
can I hear the first bit sounds like
he's like usually quiet it's that bit
joe yeah joe always like he has a big
laugh and then he does a big sniff oh so
it's quietly yeah
last one alright last one here we go
yeah
one more time only time I'm kinda
gagging is that huh and it stops is it
Harry roat sure no it's no it's not no
it's not him it's a guy yeah dude I want
to see can you pay the last half
keemstar no Ethan it's so weird I can't
tell you how weird this is this
challenge too because I'm not obviously
watching the video clips to listen to
someone's laugh without a video it's
like one of stranger things I think
we've done on this channel as a
experience well let me know what you
think that I enjoyed that challenge very
well so you got no no 9 out of 11 happy
of that I always feel like I do well on
the YouTube of stuff I feel like once we
move over right start doing celebrity
gets the set I'm gonna flag think it
might be embarrassing
well let's see yeah let us know guys
because I'm that's one thing we think
you're doing all the YouTube stuff but
we've like celebrities and stuff like
that so that's know if you want to see
that give the video a thumbs up
subscribe if you are new post videos
every day and I'll see you be able to
take some people to movin on video by E
