hello beautiful safety people yes let's
address this not my face this my hair I
look super weird with short hair but
I've got rid of the blonde for now
against your request I did a poll on
Twitter and like 70 percent was keep it
blonde and then I'm just like Naomi
brown but to be honest I'm actually
really loving the short hair sorry
anyway welcome to today's video a very
special exciting drama fuelled one
because fucking everyone's involved in
drama these days aren't they contacts in
case you are not aware of the current
situation the UK scene has a witnessed
what's happened in America with the
pause with all the rice gums and the
drama and all that kind of stuff and
they've kind of just taken it upon
themselves to create drama out of
nothing for views and subs in a short
sentence I mean that's not lie it's
pretty obvious that's what's going on so
I thought today we would have a little
look at what's going on you know we've
got ksi the biggest one of the biggest
UK youtubers maybe the biggest UK
youtuber and then you've got the side
man is like they were like thing and
they were like yeah powerful together
and with the side man yeah and then all
of us having ksi has left the side men
moved to LA sharing a bed with rice gum
and now it's like this massive war
between the two ksi left the scene few
months ago to just focus on music to
find himself to stop YouTube basically
it's what everyone thought anyway he
comes back with this video
I'm leaving the sidemen dramatic music
sin volved the title of the video you
get a real kind of emotional feeling
towards this video it's not only easier
it's not an easy video to make
I I'm no longer really dragging those
lads out
oh stop with this - oh my god oh the
Cyberman fanboys worldwide and losing
their shit I am no longer with us I was
- to be honest I was watch this had no
way this is mental and then the video is
on and I was just like you know what I'm
not buying this I will be he's like
leaving too many obvious pauses you know
going solo I guess why I'm no to be
honest I I was like believing it this
whole whole part until this mainly
because the reason as soon as Eddie fan
I was like alright again where we going
with this ksi what you doing JJ and then
rather it's the video there's more beef
and digs and the Beatty the end of the
video is this why I was doing a music
video because his last music video was
so it was incredible how it was shot it
was incredible and be honest I'm not
sure where he's actually doing a music
video or not that could be a legit music
videos doing that is not a diss yeah
yeah everyone's the only joke so it's
very obviously he doesn't hate and he
loves it he loves ether so that came out
I was like okay not sure where this is
going
next day mr. Ethan mosters quickly you
know in response to that video magic up
this rap song and a music video
bazinga drama I swear change the title
at this video it was drama in the title
of it or is that the name of the song in
brackets ksi and rice gum disk trap
we're back at it
ditch tracks are a thin that's the only
way people get in views these days
roasting people disses drama 5 million
views this is on this is where it will
get started
let's have a look shall we you had my
channel you sold it you tell us shit
what stuff you're the oldest there's
five other guys you could awaken on
mistakes were made in the process to be
better I don't think you even actually
sounds that bad a trap then cos series
never right before I mean it wasn't made
in a day obviously this isn't made in a
day it's not it's not like it is all
arranged it's all set of course it is
but is it entertaining or do you think
how come when everything goes wrong in
your life you stick it on me
they are also throwing some like serious
digs at each other I never thought I'd
see today one of the biggest tunnels
would fade away if I fade away
I don't be played away even a smaller
Channel Jesus facts and you're a big
Saints faded away i ksi hasn't faded
away like if you look at his views he is
smashing it never made it personal never
made it this like a relevancy makes you
do this JK he's not he's not irrelevant
ksi is very relevant I feel especially
now I mean everyone is jumping on this
is relevant right now yeah in terms of
diss track I felt like that was like not
bad I say it was a good quality song i
stuff like that but that means against
all fake so you know I saw that I was
like oh yeah like okay so I still don't
do this is real but like what's gonna
happen in case I was gonna drop his and
just like kid everyone then Harry wrote
ashore same night or the next night
drops his diss track
all I know Harry's definitely could have
been made in a day because it's awful
Harry six and a half million views
are you ready to witness the saying is
there are some very deep things in there
okay si will never be taught that when
you fight yeah
so that's um that's Harry's video
because I'll actually think it's the
stuff he's saying is funny
I think it's funnier than anything's but
like what if the song is a lot worse so
you got people taking shots here at JJ
hooked up because they are coming for
him
guy that you know he's a he's a YouTube
icon
he started the side man he created this
thing and everyone's just come and then
I bet he's been crying but he even goes
from not uploading for a month yeah to
replacing ksi in the side man house
three million two days ago care side
this track five million one day go side
man react to road to shore ksi diss
track three and a half million ten hours
ago reacting to my case like this truck
comments I mean he's really dragging
that one out isn't he but fair play I
mean it's smashing it is smashing it I
mean Harry always smash this there's no
difference there in his views you know
you even got the other the other members
that aren't really the side men but
they're like with this I've been you
know I mean you got Cal for easy who we
did a video on this channel every day he
is now part of the side man it's a
his video is actually the funniest one
I've seen out all of them he's joined
the sidemen replaced ksi two million
views and he goes out it is a funny
video you guys round and he's like yeah
yeah I'm joining the Seidman house and
you know how he's a little bit bigger
than meat but obviously it with the
sidemen we all like to share collab so
we'll be doing a couple vids together
and then you got calyx why I hate case I
am rice gum he's in the middle ksi rice
gum I'm like fuck Alex is gonna drop
some major fire on them and then he goes
into the street and asks people their
opinion on ksi and rice come nice play
on words they carry best to get involved
in any way that I possibly can I'm gonna
be interviewing people today about what
they truly think about ksi and rice come
in any way that I possibly can in any
way that I possibly can in any way that
I possibly can I mean you've also got
Deji which is comedyshortsgamer chaos
eyes brother jumping in on this I don't
know where he is with all this but he's
like yeah I'm going to diss track on the
side man then he's like shut up
bazinga and shut up rotor Shore but he's
not with ksi maybe he just really wants
to be a rifleman ksi still following
footsteps of its brother there let's
just have a little look at everyone's
social blade who's being involved in
this just to just you know see what's
going on here
bazinga bazinga has gone from you know
plodding along get 12 case up to month 3
4 million views a month last few days
yesterday 31 case hubs in the day day
before 25k subs day before that 14k subs
then we go from game between 180 to 380
wonder how it's affected ksi himself
because he's started daily uploading and
this is what I mean case I was like yeah
doing all this like I'm learning I'm
adapting but he's just come back to
daily uploading and was that whole thing
just a complete stunt but did he miss
YouTube now is that did I haven't seen
him in a while I mean today already is
11 o'clock at the time I'm filming this
it's got 12 K subs today yesterday 51 k
David 427 K Dave for 20k Dave Walter
okay.you ksi has always been huge of
course he has you know he before that he
was getting like four or five six seven
eight a day he's clearly had an impact
wrote sure what do we think what do you
think that Rocher savior merge short
huge channel smashes it all the time
three four five K sub today last few
days twenty K thirty k6k today you can
clearly see what drama does surrounding
these channels you everyone saw it with
Jay Paul Logan Paul those guys
absolutely smashed it and they were
incredibly smart of what they're doing
with their dish tracks on each other and
they're making songs together of course
it was all planned and now decide man
and Co have taken this and use this as
an example and now doing their own spin
on it do I think it's smart of course I
do is it annoying a little bit but it's
kind of entertainment and as long as
people realize it's like a joke and
stuff I think it's fine
but a lot of their audience are really
young and going through the comments is
just like there's some really young
people that like I hate ksi cuz he's now
left and blah blah blah and there's a
lot of like care sighs fanboy sticking
up for him and you know it's it's kind
of cute but like yeah all I'm saying is
need to find someone to stop drama with
basically so who wants to join my team
who should I start a team with whose
team can I join that's the way YouTube's
going teams and disses on each other so
watch out everyone but there we go those
are my thoughts and opinions on it I
would love to know your guys yeah give
the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
subscribe if you are new make videos
every day on this channel and I will see
you guys some over number one all right
goodbye
