hello beautiful sexy people how are you
doing today if you are new to the
channel welcome subscribe click the
button just down there subscribe I post
videos every day
welcome to the journey more Marcus
journey that we're on today's video is
gonna be no part 2 but we've done more
kind of is apart to pranks on YouTube
prank is a huge on YouTube as many
pranks but I've done a few pranks
there's some people that just have prank
channels it's a huge huge thing a lot of
you know that what you might not know
basically a lot of people fake their
audience into believing that their
pranks are doing are real and
capitalizing off that yeah the early on
it's all entertainment whatever cool but
we're gonna be looking at some pranks
and seeing it whether they are real or
fake and going in that way first up one
of my absolute favorite channels is
prank invasion top quality content
usually really real pranks and just a
great guy though I saw is his name Chris
it's our guy Chris or something like
that or a dermis forty five million
views kissing prank gay addition sixty
six thousand dislikes let's have a
little look what I'll go over up prank
invasions up to is Chris stereotype this
is what we've come up with oh my god is
this person living in in today's current
world or is he from fucking 50 years ago
what on earth is he talking about I did
you just do the actual say I've had my
gay friend come and pick me out a gay
outfit which fits the gay stereotype
stuff fuck pick an outfit that fits the
stereotype
oh my god is this guy is he is he
actually for real he'll try to kiss
girls looking like this I have no idea
you're so funny you are so just frickin
adorable I think we should play a really
cool game for a kiss are you down yeah
okay
and craziness 3000
what is he doing
it's the same thing okay right yes let's
just calm down a bit back to being a
prank no one in this video is being
pranked every single thing is serpent
staged so it's not a prank and not
that's the best thing that's the real
reason we're making this video isn't it
to see what pranks are really or not
where is the prank what what are you
doing your pain goes to lick your face
and it just turns into like soft porn
like he turns to the girls and gets bit
arse and gives a little squidge
he's just creepy could you imagine
having to make out with him those poor
girls god I called it autolytic on day
oh shit man
did you see her reaction there when he
said that she was like you are so funny
early look at this look at this reaction
from how you ready I'm not really gay
she's is this is so fake but okay you
are actually gorgeous
I know you're lucky how he's got a kid
involved as well Jesus he's gone to new
levels like you're the son but I wanted
to know you want to play a quick game
for a quick quick kiss that is great
action by her can we just look at
looking at her little eyebrow raises
there you want to play a quick hello for
a quick quick kiss
forget the game just gonna have
fuck sake do we need to sit through the
rest of this video
Oh leg is a leg no you didn't quite get
that I was just going straight to the
crank there and said yeah round yeah
hopefully oh yeah that's the turn and
there's the leg up that is that is
pranking Beijing man and I is this your
mom yeah yeah I could play a quick game
with you and if I beat you I get to kiss
your daughter really quick okay no one's
mom's doing that are they
no one's mom it's being asked a question
then just go sure I can slap your hands
I get to kiss your daughter okay again I
get one try more awkward moment on
YouTube
what is going on so sloppy his kisses as
well on my kiss are you down yeah
alright you're giving handsome this is a
slap game okay I really hope that young
people don't watch this video
like I really hope it's not inspiring
like young guys young boys to be like
look how easy it is to like go and pick
up girls and they go to Venice Beach and
attempt to do this because they all get
fucking they will get slapped I won't
I honestly would not be surprised if
this guy tries to direct porn movies on
the side of YouTube that's basically
what this is we go hang out sometime I'm
not really gay by the way well on my
second channel my Kris Munroe kissing
channel I dressed up sorry
does he Facebook the second channel Kris
Munroe kissing channel okay sorry
well that was very real wasn't it very
very real that guy loved those videos
thanks video yes laughs yes girls will
do anything for money
social experiments gone too far so what
are you doing here Wow how'd you know I
was gonna ask for your number
why is he coming see right there you
gonna beat me up no this feels real so
far like it well if it's acting it's
very good acting the conversation the
the beats the lines it feels like a real
conversation so far no offense but only
wants to nicely do it I don't know he
looks like but a sister who's a prank
how the fuck is she not seen the camera
like that looks like they're about three
meters away all right okay dropped some
money on the floor why it's going so
well the prank is going so well no one
responds like that they just don't fight
you know give me back in a thing why do
you want to go to my car okay the ideas
they have like when people make these
videos if like females are stupid and
incapable of just like doing anything
that isn't money orientated this it just
annoys me so much are they is a door
lock really I'm sorry to say this but I
saw this coming from a mile away
I know I don't take
yeah
and the first thing like that was when
but tirely did that video went viral
with a girl in a Ferrari he I feel like
he was the first person to do that and
that was whether that was fake or not I
don't know but that was like oh shit
this is a mr. thing and it got so many
views oh we got another one from this
channel how far will girls go for money
social experiment so everything that's
another thing isn't it if it's like it's
not praying it's a social experiment is
it is it a social experiment or is it
you faking YouTube videos for views or
is it that excuse me
hey white Walker myself why not hold
that soda real conversation no I'm
responding with because you're creepy
like straight away with that a you just
wouldn't I just think you're really
pretty and I was wonder if you want to
hang out tonight I can't breathe I had
to run after you know why not I don't
know where's you why you walking by
yourself then I'm going to go meet him
again
she's just looked around she'd probably
be like oh why why is there a person
staring they're filming us right now
he's only about five minutes away is
that creeping you out is that weird
oh no I didn't see him because I know
we're filming a prank video got it cool
biggis right okay yeah all right how
about you'd be a little nice and follow
me on instagram can you at least do that
don't be so mean I know you got a moment
I respect that
do you I know you got a man I respect
that well you clearly don't if it was
real she's like I have a boyfriend and
you're like me follow me I respect him
Lane you walk by yourself you're two
like I'm I'm incapable I was I don't
know look at the camera look at the
camera wasn't it it's just in a minute
ready oh there it is there's the eyes
why do you have so many followers what
happened
so many followers I mean I'm a youtuber
actor here and there around cool guy
what happened I really oh my god we
should really get to know each other
are you serious and about your boyfriend
no we should oh my god we shouldn't we
should go home wait to go home we should
do it we should go home why your man no
it doesn't matter
yeah I'm sorry I have to fucking gold
diggers you can go you to meet your sad
man wow that is legit real cool like
really inspiring just shit not
everything about it
yeah only as well he's like yeah don't
poke gold diggers it's like dude you got
doesn't even mean sense gold diggers
followers it's not same thing was having
followers grams of money me nothing I
would be embarrassed like laughter I
just even come with that idea let alone
actually film it actually edited
actually uploaded trying to trick people
awkward there we go that is kind of a
part to to more my guess most though all
those in my opinion are fake to some
extent I'd love to know what your
thoughts are on any of those videos what
do you think about pranks in general
share your comments down below give you
the other times I hope you enjoyed it
and I will see you tomorrow with another
video all right God conical card that
was a fake prank wasn't I nearly hit
Matt off my legs alright see you guys
tomorrow bye
