what's up guys welcome to the vlog
starting off making Brian a hot hot mess
it's not hard to do it's what the girls
around here been saying it's no more
story it's Monday we had our week in
sales and it's just made it chaos in
here so girls are working are you okay
what's wrong with your eyes oh oh let's
do this you ready
we don't okay well you've already got it
started we're good we're doing on for us
it's still Cyber Monday so we're doing a
ridiculous photo of Brian yeah those two
go around your head like a like a like a
helmet
then the mullet then the hat the party
cups let's just take you out dude do it
I like the tape idea yeah like make a
little low make a little Christmas bulb
helmet you could rock this on your x3
race dude hey you know there's a bunch
of people yesterday on loans for their
box Mack that's racing not told on me
new butter yeah cuz mine don't even run
does he blew the belt today called me
the other day
looks really running right I don't know
any my voice that's ok fold it in the
top so it's nice so down Oh mom pull
your hair off Dean like ah right yes
it's like yeah that's good now the
mullet right this is ridiculous bronze
mullets Kevin see our way to cover the
tape yeah cover that tape you what a
mess
yeah we're doing all this just for a
goofy photo so if you guys didn't know
we we got our social medias back for
smile more so we've been tried right now
it's just me running out and trying to
have fun with it do funny pictures do
smile more we got it and it's ours so
it's something fun we had our Black
Friday and our Cyber Monday sale but
we're going to run a special big sale
code on our social media so you will
only be able to get it on there so go
over and follow us I will link them in
the top of our description come
on our smile more social medias guys
that's where you guys know we put out
products they they sell out on the vlog
very fast I will be posting everything
first on social media it gives everybody
that really really follows us the first
chance at our products and our merch and
it's so awesome that if you've been
following us everything that's happened
and we're just so excited to be running
this and it's you know it's awesome
Christmas season is crazy it's always
busy this time of year don't realize the
moment are you ready your eyes better we
got it we're doing the Christmas tree
it's Christmas tree time it's Christmas
tree tom boy this strip right out all
your I thought you're gonna do it in all
the outfit I got it so over there
waiting oh man
I'll sweat and wait waiting for
everybody supporting the company thank
you so Emily where are we at right now
where why are you guys laughing like
that what what do you mean did i do
sighs my sipper down how many orders we
got left 5700 to fulfill yeah why'd you
both just walk out of the bathroom
all right who's night shift in it night
shift night shift in it you night shift
forget about that newborn baby let's get
these orders out let's go build a
Christmas tree no are you always on
vacation we've been procrastinating
heavily on our Christmas tree it's a big
project it's it's it's nasty it's
actually like what I just said
when we doing the tree when we doing the
truth let's go more Polaroids those
ready okay
the one-of-a-kinds okay you guys
remember we're doing the random sign
polaroid pictures and they're just going
in random orders yeah be careful with
this camera cuz I'll show people's whoa
I don't want to show names and addresses
on accident it's every mystery who's
they go and I'll say their names its
mystery it's it's Brittany Smith okay
okay what are you do Christmas Christmas
time it's tree time it's time some
shipping is over time to do this I think
we should start a new YouTube channel
and it's just the smaller store that's
the days in the life of a company how to
run it no I love it because like we have
our own no we have we'd have to like
create we'd have to make a show like
create big drama you guys think like a
series a duck dynasty like they had a
company they had a show what if we had
our own little internet show smile more
buy more show with lots of drop oh gosh
I don't know save it for the show baby
this is a this is the vlog channel this
is the vlog channel no the reason I say
that's because you've always kept this
company very tight right here our family
very tight because as soon as you let go
of that as company owner all of a sudden
that goofy picture Brian has to be
approved by all these people every every
tweet has to be pre-approved every we
can't even start of you to show without
all these approvals and people have to
make sure it's correct and we do it all
ourselves so it makes it so we're free
it's freedom our own company on
businesses you're trying to start a
company I don't know man all the
investing and all that it gets scary cuz
you lose control you lose your heart and
soul man it's yours why give it away oh
it's disgusting outside supposed to get
some snow tonight hopefully I really
want snow you guys know he wants them
what's my fountain keep going off my
fountain literally it keeps turning off
hi baby hi baby it's wet it's all wet
out yucky yucky oh oh oh oh they all wet
now yo do you keep turning the fountain
awful I felt you turning off no oh right
guys so
she's like I want that IPAN no want that
light turn on our tree is a challenge
one because we have to move the whole
living room this couch has to be shifted
to this side so that the tree can go
here the bags are also enormous 1 2 3 4
gigantic bags in fact every year we put
this tree up I say it's the last year
for the tree hey you ready put the tree
up oh yeah baby oh yeah we get this all
lit up
yeah she's pointing it the tree and
looking at Brian she's like should I
build it Brian build it it's so
difficult it is a difficulty it's a lot
of pieces you would think that this bag
is a tree but it's all these bags make
one tree do you want me to go get
another tree you're good on buying trees
for this year I'll get the sixty on this
did we buy this or this Cup yeah we
bought this tree this is which which is
why we continue to set it up because it
was super expensive no I feel a need to
time-lapse this process because we got
it like something's gonna happen we got
to move everything put the beanbag there
again so you can climb goodbye
Thanksgiving hello Christmas yeah go on
spider-man I'll catch you actually Cory
I'll catch you you want hang on you want
to hang on
yeah put some in front of that now
actually this red one yeah grab this red
one that's really good that that's the
cleanest underneath our couch has ever
been there's only a bunch of crumbs from
the this one probably that one well
bless you gonna sweep it up for us
whatever it is take go and sweep around
me what are you doing okay got the couch
switched over yeah if you fall it's just
the couch going and dude thought through
this piece I guess Plus you got this
like weird connector that's supposed to
Anessa no that's not that's dirt that's
where the couch was that is disgusting
crazy-looking that that's new carpet
that's carpet that we walk on all flat
blame it on that mullet hey okay look at
night row you right at home in his
natural environment natural habitat you
got a big truck mm all right it all
starts here flesh these cats are gonna
take this tree this year
I really feel like it you guys know ever
last year the cats will go all the way
up this tree and the tree goes it goes
over the balcony it's up there somewhere
it's like I guess we'll put the trees
not going there but we need the balcony
to get the top on it and it will try to
slide it over make sense
what amp whatever maybe that's a 15 inch
subwoofer that's a 15 inch sub girl
perfect alright it's done decorate it
that's it I know you excited for the
tree baby make you grow hair does it
smell weird
we stole them little pines its fanning
out that's not my job
oh yeah you talk about my tree nice you
got bark on it does drag the ground
weird pear buddies Joe Dirt
it's Joe Dirt oh you see your boy you
gotta see your boy look at your boy Cora
you dreaming of the big world you
dreaming at the big world
big world out there wow you're full of
jokes today
we'll start painting look how thick this
thing is let go
dickless yeah cuz the cats yeah he's
going all the way to the top
he's got look at him jeez
this thing's coming down this year I
have a feeling look at him how do you
get up in there look at him you see the
cats
oh yeah yeah you could crawl under a
court and get them kitties you mean a
kitty Gator using lamma lamma plates to
put under the legs the tree gets show
insanely like it's already super heavy
and we have to move the tree over to the
widow and we don't have those you know
there's like furniture movers that you
would usually like slide I think it's
the next best thing
it was my idea but if they break it was
yours see this got the tree and then he
knows I'm filming him come on you've all
come on goofball getting up there well
most of the balcony oh we got a lot of
lights out - guys look at this look at
about the black spots like the dark
spaces I mean it's supposed to look like
oh yeah those bulbs are just relaxed
strands up but this one just not one
lights out on the bottom is super unlit
we this the bottom matches the carpet
dirty
yeah dude the balcony was a genius idea
how he can just drop the top pieces on
from here bet catch oh wait we should
have fanned it out up here and then put
it on oh oh boy I don't look bad alright
now that all bad dude she's built for
she wants to come up here climb on up
climb up the tree come up the tree we
there one year
I want to go out and I want to cut a
Christmas tree down and do the tradition
we go get a Christmas tree a real one I
smelled so good I missed that smell I
mean this tree is impressive don't get
me wrong but it takes like it's not like
you know the family putting the tree up
it's like me and the mole Atlas Brian
building this thing or st. no $40 tree
Brian it's a real deal with missing
lights and cats are gonna take this
place out oh it's just so pretty out
it's just so pretty all right the tree
has to stay right where it is for now we
gotta take came to his after-school
activities actually we gotta get you
know what we've not had on our tree like
for the last since probably since we've
logged is a topper a tree a star like uh
yeah yeah so Brett and I are gonna do
that while he's doing his stuff yeah
that looks comfy dude that's the way to
do it I have to honk nice to blow that
horn gotta pick up the crazy Conrad and
the crazy can you get them two together
and it is legit and a weekly feed why
you guys see each other all the time but
this particular time
it's like energy burning activities I
don't know what the weather's like where
you live but it is stunning here you
makes me want to just do some backhand
strokes it feels like my stuff in a
puddle watch at first step no it does
feel seasonal like with this weather
which sometimes it's sunny and it's not
you know like when you're out in LA you
don't feel like Christmas but like
imagine the islands you don't have that
feel no it's underrated like for real
metal detecting I got the metal detector
again you just saw so I'm like that he's
such a fun experience me my dad and my
brother
used to do it when we were young and it
was so fun it's like it's adventure like
you get out you hike around you dig
holes like I don't know that was fun
melih tech ting that's underrated you
know I'm so glad Brian didn't come here
for our Christmas tree does she know
this is what he would have got say over
so we are we're actually going to
decorate our tree in our smile more
Christmas bulb a lot of our bulbs that
came in not a lot but the ones that are
like seconds the ones where the print is
it perfect if they have like a ding in
time or dent we kept them personally so
we're gonna have all the flawed bulbs on
our tree but our bulbs are red in gold
so we're gonna go ahead and do red and
gold we're gonna mix them in with red
and gold bulbs and then gold bulbs
because we only have like 30 or 40 of
our bulbs waters like tans and browns so
I think gold is like ideal you know yeah
yeah you know we need some of that stuff
yeah we go gold there's the box of bulbs
we need okay I'm not gonna lie this
health section is for little trees like
little ornaments I never seen that
before
dude I love that like decorate you true
these look do you see this look at these
bulbs yeah it feels like one of them
movie scenes right now it is awesome we
got two big bags full of red and gold
I think Gold's gonna look awesome it's
gonna look great where it was against
gold at first spot I think she's got
come around to it I don't know I like
red and white and all the Christmas
stuff I got like I like red I'm all red
and white so it does a vegetable
come on foot of snow let's go play let's
sled my hero I hear I see stuff energy
seatbelts on beginning to look a lot
like Christmas my baby
well you got it did you eat all the pie
you'll go see the snow come on let's go
see the snow out back I'm guessing the
cat's already knocked the lights out
dang it dang it kid cats come here Cora
Cora look at this come check this out
what is yeah pretty pretty is that cool
gonna put on a tree star oh I'm so sure
and she is ready to go ready to open it
do you wanna open I didn't get them out
oh yeah
sure you gotta put the hooks on I'm
gonna hook them for me wait they're all
glass they're gonna break just kidding
oh yeah here let's put the hooks on them
yeah let's put them back in dump them
again
ready so I guess the decision has to be
made do we uh by the way I got all the
lights back on look at that
this thing's bright I think we leave the
lights just a bit here huh
do we decorate it before we move it
that's the thing you did not have to
move it now but then how am I gonna it's
like I got to decorate the top half from
the balcony like how low our ladder is I
might gotta get I don't know
well the plate system was uh was it
insta fail Brian I can't believe you
thought of that to put this okay about
ten nine footers of this red garland it
goes from here which look how much more
of the tree there is okay and it goes
nine feet goes to here okay that's how
big that tree is it's easily another it
would take more than another 92 on the
other side 18 feet so we're gonna need
to just to go the bottom right it'll get
easier though up there
should it be droopy or do you want it
tight droopy or tight well that's gonna
look good you guys start putting the
hooks can you put all the hooks on for
me we start where are the hooks wait so
we're sure we didn't get enough we're
like one shot it's so pretty looks
amazing Cora hi anything core catch
daddy if I fall catch daddy wait is that
the last one oh we need two more we have
any girl
yeah but it's silver and red look that's
990 feet say hi dad or catch me my job
Oh
oh my god oh my god don't even joke hey
uh uh no no she's like my dad's up there
ah Cora
are you be decorating the Christmas tree
you just want to film you want to blogs
we doing it in the three can you bump
the tree yeah film the tree the job oh
you like holding it by that part what
point it look look at daddy hi Daddy
I'm filming you how did you even manage
that we're pausing down Britney's giving
Cora about Cain and I are killing some
big old chunks of steak and I gotta say
decorating the tree has really made like
the family part of it come together it
feels right like building the tree
didn't feel right I'm like this is this
is a tradition but uh putting everything
on the tree it is great we're pausing
down for a minute the tree already looks
so nice
definitely tipped that way a little and
we got to still pull it all the way over
to the window which hopefully will have
any accidents doing that but yeah we're
gonna eat shower you got a shower thanks
for hanging out with this big-time
big-time
it looks really our nicest one ever know
a thousand pretty and we saw so many
bulbs you need to do to the tops I was
like and gentlemen this is this is for
my future
you got a share she got everyone and
tell her to put it on the tree
Oh siblings oh she just tangles on you
Cora eating her playing little bags
Australia and Hurricane Cora she's
alright honey
so she's not hurting anything this is so
relatable I feel like all the small more
bulbs Cora decorate the tree are you
decorating the tree yeah good job oh
good job Cora
yeah are you really gonna do it little
snowy little dust little dusty out here
Kolby cold our light on our building is
glitching look at that yeah it's like a
lighthouse beacon are you taking that
out there do don't fall man it can't be
a softly oh and barefoot you are a brave
little monster yeah rip some doughnuts
send it the old tire marks I can hear
you crunching all the winners gonna have
so much fun we're gonna have fun this
winter dude it is cold little man
it's not even well this is where we are
leaving it tonight it's pretty darn
close just that much what is beeping
step
it's that board you want to kill that
for me kill it there's two sections
missing the bottom in the top right
there and there this looks great really
pretty
other than it leaning tremendously this
way but it doesn't matter because it's
not staying
we're gonna move it through the window
tomorrow and then finish it but I
actually used all the garland almost all
the bulbs and then we put tons of small
more bulbs all over it I mean they're
everywhere they're kind of blended
everywhere this guy like we all kinds of
cool ones in here so yeah definitely
happy to have this thing up
it's a project really big project cause
in our world look at her
that would be your cat's oh you guys got
the cats when I was gone yeah you didn't
it's delicious so that's gonna be our
video for today guys thank you so much
for being a part of our gaze that we
upload and of course you're there on
socials when we don't given us support
it's unbelievable I could go on all day
with excuses and like explanations but
for the most part we're doing our best
we really are we're trying to balance it
family camera time some days it just
works perfect for both somedays it's
just so easy like today's so easy
everyone was just into it having fun and
we're just a family Ani some days it's
nobody you know some days you just don't
want to be on camera and that's where
we're at in our life right now
you know kids are getting older they
they're able to you know you can tell if
they want to or don't I don't even
bother with it
if anybody's like I don't want to film
today there's just no film I'm not gonna
do it it's not fun so I love you guys
thank you so much
share the bit if you can because the
notifications just start going out guys
you can see it everyone's complaining
about it it's so exposed it is what it
is no we love you you're beautiful
but whatever kind
you
