what's up guys I want to show you my
huge cowlick leave this this is this is
for real this is how my hair stays if I
don't do it that's why we stand it up
and though we were getting ready right
now for Brittany and r-truth something
they want to do for awhile and that is a
dare video where you guys challenge us
in the comments section with dares that
you have to do it wanting to do it so
bad I won I think it's fun it's crazy
yeah not really you look freaking
perfect no matter what but we're getting
ready and it's gonna be really weird
doing a vlog and now I don't know how
it's gonna work so oh my god have you
guys ever tried to tear a tag out of a
t-shirt like either up by knacker
sometime he's put it down here and I
just tried it out Dean
I love this I was gonna wear this today
I'm seriously gonna wear this today
that's not the most ridiculous freakin
place to put a tag ever yeah I know
Tec these tags of turns family okay guys
so things didn't go smoothly as we
wanted it to we gotta go get Cain Cain
went to mom aunts this morning said we
could do this video but it looks like we
have to go get him now I should have
been more specific on the dares Oz well
here's what we're thinking and you guys
can help us with this because I think
this could be a new series on this
channel that is friggin hilarious
we can have all the guests that are
gonna come stay at the house two dares
with us it's gonna be really really fun
but here's what we're thinking help us
out
we need dares the first episode of this
is going to be dares in our house just
Brittany and I a lot of we can be both
there's like I dare you both to fill
your pants with ice cubes or something
you know like like that and then at the
end of each Dare video you guys will
vote on who wins the dares like write
down and pull out something that we both
could do yeah and then I think episode 2
is like it should be public there's
where you guys leave your dares that we
have to go out in the public with a
wireless mic or whatever and you guys
have left some of those but we need on
this one we didn't get to finish it tell
us there's that you can do in our house
til to kick off this dare video stuff
because it's really really funny
a lot with food try not to be anymore
we have tons of we like visual dares
like things you have to do you know so
yeah let's go from we're gonna get cane
right now hey dude you miss me I love
you fun are you playing baseball in the
house every time I come over here you
got a new pet when'd you get the pony
say bye mama
bye see you later
you wanna baseball practice I'm a Wiggy
this used to be our cat well no one
named it McGee I don't know how I came
up with that name and never heard of my
life he's huge you're just a little
kitty yeah okay we just got to the pizza
place I didn't know you could eat
outside that's really nice
alright let's go dude gimme five no give
me five oh you got me should I sit with
Kane or mommy you this place is bringing
back some serious memories my mom and
dad used to bring me here when I was
Kings age literally been here since your
age yeah sitting in these booths right
here I used to work
and it's crazy it's clean all these
tables
Brittney's charge all my emails let me
see that I mean if we're not looking at
a picture I give you credit but looks
like Mickey Bear I think it's just can
you make my day man yeah I think we need
it's just new every time turn it hard
turn turn got use mommy's muscles okay
let's go look at all this pizza boxes
you gotta show me how to hit it okay
let's go set it up oh you knocked it
over a tasting room told you lefty daddy
nope oh he's hitting it that way
whoa
keep trying just a little practice
you'll be cracking it for us yeah oh
it's a bunch of old newspapers it's
awesome checkers or chess checkers it's
gotta be checkers because different pots
you take shots of what water soda
I just can't drink anything man honestly
like I've hit the age where it just hits
you so hard it's never worth it like
every time I drink now I'm like oh never
drinks you guys ready first smile more
store concert yeah we got came out with
live tonight do you want a drum lesson
you want me to teach you some stuff got
to work that Pete's off boy here go go
go faster Oh you skipped one oh that's
way funner hurricane we just had a
hurricane no no your turn now you're
turning them into shoes put your cone on
no really using these for 100% opposite
of what they're made for
yeah it's all I want to do it you still
want to do it again after that oh did
you crazy what are you doing
you sound like much elephants up here
yeah we've been playing pretty hard
we've been wrestling around like we
thought the floor was coming in
downstairs Ethan dude like flips stuff
yeah let's show me I saw that hey last
time you did it he hit the fish tank
this is the fish Kane that's really an
outside toy yeah it is last time okay I
looked so funny and listen what would
you think if we go to bed
come on baby please yeah I'll give you
1,000 Ricci cups mm mm Ricci cups oh
you're getting your room you better get
in your room okay guys well she gets
came to bed I've got it I gotta open up
a little bit to tell you we need to do
the giveaway for the two GoPros that
I've promised and I'm gonna straight-up
just tell you why I haven't done the
giveaway there's 40,000 awesome
submissions for this giveaway and I'm
telling you they're so good I can't pick
one I just can't
it's way too much pressure no matter who
I pick I mean there's so many great
photos and so many great people that
that's submitted to this it's impossible
to pick so I hate to do this but I'm
gonna promise to do the giveaway
tomorrow I'm gonna I'm gonna announce
the winners tomorrow but it's so hard
guys whoever I pick please no hate it's
so hard to pick a winner there's so many
great ones and I'm just being real with
you I probably will never do another
tests like this EULA generally I'm just
explaining how hard it is to pick a
winner I don't want to accidentally
knock you out you're so weak you can't
even hurt me oh I didn't even wedge it
I'm still struck normal you're
apologizing available girlie hit okay
guys gonna call it a night
Brittany's getting Cain officially to
sleep I gotta edit this wall because we
got to get up early for a big day
tomorrow I will take you guys along of
course it's gonna be fun and I just want
to remind you that no matter what type
of date you're having it's put a big
smile on your face because you're
awesome and don't let nobody bother you
man don't let nothing Bobby don't worry
Maureen's not gonna change the outcome
don't let nobody bother you there's so
many there's so many people trying to
bring you down every day I just want to
tell you and it ain't worth it anywhere
that it's a smile man you guys are
awesome we'll see you tomorrow thanks
Paula loving like smile more just in the
full height mode instant
