I hope you guys are having an awesome
day and you're thinking positive and
you're happy I'm just getting started I
think I'm still sleep a little bit
vacations over
Easter's over it's time to get back to
work look at this four eight nine ten
eleven twelve thirteen fourteen cases of
orders ready to go the post office can't
thank you guys enough so that's what I'm
doing today I'm starting out taking this
stuff to the post office this poor kids
got a poop so bad what's up my friends
I'm sorry I am still asleep I think I
don't think I'm awake I'm not motivated
I'm slow to go but I'm trying to get
moving I'm trying I'm just like dragging
I got up for taking over to school this
morning and I was just like sleepwalking
a zombie and I need some motivation man
you get pumped up when you get excited
beep beep beep beep beep it's like they
knew I was coming they left the barrels
out here for me I'll tell you what will
help motivate you when you do something
out of love and when you do it out of
passion and not for money or business
and it becomes successful I mean to me
14 buckets 14 buckets this morning of
smile more merchandise going out on time
that's freaking awesome guys maybe maybe
to a lot of people 14 buckets is nothing
and it's not successful do what you want
to do out of passion guys don't do it
for money don't do it because somebody
wants you to do it do it because you
love it and I swear I promise you'll
never work again a day in your life it's
the best feeling and you can do it if I
can do it anybody can do it all of a
sudden this crazy idea you have in your
head becomes reality and you're living
it every day I don't care what anybody
says that's a lot of frigging orders
what's up good how are you I got I got
one more out here the next thing I have
to do is a mail vlog like we're buried
in Matt we got to do that we owe it to
you guys and I quite frankly I want to
open everything it's awesome like
Christmas morning you guys know I like
shooting guns
target practice teaching my kids gun
safety so I'm looking for a couple
targets right now to shoot that's it
Monday closed no I got a turn right back
no targets now what I'm going to shoot
at hi beautiful
how you doing buddy pretty good mommy
get me Easter party cleaned up hey you
better come here beer I love you good
you're you feel good you felt hot last
night I felt like I got a little fever
last night but you feel good well I
don't I wanted five I want you to give
me five not put your orange in my hand
gross oh my man Todd just showed up with
his buddy Rob and he can't resist just
messing up my house like every time he
comes he takes a ceiling fan out he
wants to see what the table looks like
in front of the tank dude I almost is
perfect yeah like a bar
basically is what we're gonna get what
we're thinking a couple barstools it
would be cool in it change the floor so
it's like uh but you're right the kids
beer up on here banging Roy's messing
with stuff that would be nice and
imagine if I would never get anything
done I'll just sit here and work right
here you could draw fish that's the only
thing I'd get done look honey can you
just imagine he just imagined the kids
yeah when they're all grown up like I
don't
hey came out would you you got mail
this somebody sent you something come
here it says Kane Atwood you don't think
it's yours something came in the mail
today from one of you and it's really
crazy and I'm not sure how to say it but
it's really crazy you guys always
surprise me that's it I'm always
surprised by you guys it's unbelievable
what is it you don't know open it Kane
it's a drum set for you somebody got you
a drum set and it's really nice it's a
really nice drum set two weeks ago or so
you guys seen me and Kane playing on my
old drumset at my parents house
and I said something like maybe we
should get a drum set and now this shows
up to our smile more p.o box a whole
drum set for Kane and it's not a cheap
drum set it's legit
let's see what's from these are the
kinds of things where I'm like why
would you guys send us something like
this but then I'm like holy cow you guys
sent us something like this it's like I
can't I can't get over it it's not a
cheap drum set this came from I'm gonna
shout you about Brian
Lemke Brian s Lemke dude you did not
have to do this but Kane is gonna have a
blot you want to build it right now to
it man you're gonna be a drummer I have
a feeling he could actually be a drummer
with his energy and excitement this is
legit and I don't know if he did it on
purpose but it's like the same color as
the GTR it like matches Kane going down
the road but seriously guys I know
there's a lot of youtubers with huge
audiences but I honestly feel like it
doesn't get much more loyal than you
guys the the the loyalty is unreal and
like you guys go out of your way to do
the craziest things I stuff that I can't
even explain on this vlog what you guys
do and this showed up at the smile more
p.o box to that so unbelievable
you're like a parrot I've never seen a
human being eat more sunflower seeds you
go first and I'm gonna try to get this
down it's so heavy and I'm talk like you
guys know I can pick up just about
anything so what is it are you sure you
don't want to put this in our bedroom so
why we sleep game can practice serenade
you what am I taking Brian this is gonna
be a nightmare
yeah come on Jimmy hold the top no just
carry it down and who is number of the
smile more store our employees are gonna
love it
oh yeah this is such a legit drum set
did this is like real it sauce it's not
a cheap it's not like a cheap store kids
drum sets legit Ludwig drums
what if keen ended up being like a super
famous drummer one day and Travis Barker
Tommy Lee and it's all because Bryan
Lemke ottoman said you know how awesome
just in case Kane does become a famous
drummer hey Kane your first set of
drumsticks those are so cool just said
Kane run upstairs that we're getting
somewhere you know what I'm pretty
impressed because I haven't messed with
jumps for a long time and there's no
instructions for the whole kit so
hopefully so this is a trick I learned
from my brother actually I think every
drummer does in the world but my
brother's really good at jumps he told
me to stuff this with like a big blanket
or a towel or probably even more than
that but a lot of drummers stuff their
drums with stuff just makes them sound
better we'll try it we'll try it see
watch when you take the towel out and
that crazy you put the towel in and for
a bass drum come test this while I
tighten it and just it so
use this book because you'll be using
this foot way to go Rex
it fits you I think it's a set
was that your drum solo how long is this
gonna take
there's chicken this should be good
nice we came upstairs at what I can't do
that right now I can I'm so busy I'm so
busy fighting Cain not yet come on I
need a battle buddy hey you little
stripper you take your shirt off all
right mommy what are you making
Kisa Dilys I would help you but try to
get you know this looks really really
good when all the cheese melt that's
like a cheese case of Dilla okay guys I
don't even know why I'm attempting this
because you know that nobody fails
harder at it nobody on YouTube fails
more at this than I do
tonight I'm gonna attempt to hook up to
ps4s
like this so Brittany and I can gain
together I can't even figure it out on
my own let alone hooking two up so come
along on my stressful journey oh boy the
elgato they all got oh this is the thing
everyone's like it's so easy it's so
easy well you know what it's not easy
when I plug it into my xbox it just
works
no problem record all my fun the ps4 man
and I'm before you start telling me what
to do just try to understand that I've
done everything you guys have , dated
commented I really have tried a lot of
things so I'm not new at this I just
suck at it just plug it in Roman that's
all you have to do just just plug that
thing in it'll just do its thing
wait a minute it's working it's working
I don't know how I think it's just
working we'll see for the time being oh
boy oh boy
oh boy hey oh my god that looks amazing
thank you oh it's not fair I can't fly
what did i do today yeah
I don't know just walked around in the
carpet and kind of just goofed off and I
just wanted to say that you're pretty
cool hey hey come back down here I can't
fly like that but I can punch alright
guys we're gonna hop right into it and
we've never done this before so
Brittany's gonna try to make her own
character which should be pretty funny
because you guys know the detail of
character making in this you can spend
hours on it or you can just make
something silly and we can play all
right we're finally on it you can tell
we're amateurs because she's looking
over there I'm looking over here it's a
mess but we're playing just like the old
days baby
oh look remember the first time I ever
picked you up in her life about it we're
about to relive it baby
the white work van today there wasn't an
Applebee's are you good - as our first
date Applebee's
we're never playing tennis pretty oh we
didn't want for me I must say hi to this
guy real quick
you died not the Dora
where's the mic go try to get in it see
if you can get in there's never no guns
bumper bumper tanks
like making love tanks all right there
you have it we play a little bit of
video games it was kind of
nerve-wracking getting a set up but once
we got to set up it was a lot of fun we
just it's definitely it's 1:30 a.m. 1:30
a.m. and yes they're importing all this
footage I filmed a little bit with the
GoPro on the top corner with us and been
Essam be all day I don't know if that
was a a good thing or a disaster it's
it's now 2:00 in the morning I'm
converting I know it looks like my
computer's off but I'm converting it
wasn't like an hour and 20 minutes of
gameplay so I don't know what that turns
into gigabytes but it's a lot of the
GoPros run upon power on half minutes so
I don't know tell me what you think it's
different we just want to hang out and
play some games so that's what we did
that's all I got for today I had
something to ask you guys what is it
what is it what is all of that never
mind I've been sitting here for five
minutes trying to think of what I had I
had something to ask you guys today and
I can't remember it because I'm I'm out
of it all day man tomorrow it's not
going to be like this somebody get
pumped up energized Brittany and I are
going out all day I love you guys thanks
for everything we'll see you tomorrow
don't forget keep a big smile on your
face you're freaking awesome
don't forget it and be you you're the
best at that it's mom one so last year
if you guys remember I killed the Easter
Bunny mama and I made her bring it today
just so I could do another anniversary
pic of me killing the Easter Bunny
