what's up my friends happy friggin
Easter it's hard to believe that I
haven't missed the day of vlogging since
last Easter every single day since last
II that's so crazy to me I never thought
I'd be able to do everyday vlog so this
is this is this is even shocking to me
happy Easter happy Easter we are just
starting our day looks like some stuff
was left for you guys you know a really
important part of your day is a good
Easter breakfast that's why I mean good
today that's right
only the best for my Easter sometimes
you got to mix it up I like a like a
like a cereal salad you know are you
ready for today way under prepared maybe
after the meal you can put it out I
don't know I'm telling you if you don't
water these they're gonna die this Sam's
already cooked all we have to do is heat
it up right you throw the microwave for
30 seconds now I'll put in the oven for
a couple of hours which would be perfect
time as we have about two hours till
what don't you tell people two or three
I told him between three and four Oh
perfect well my brother city's coming to
- oh nice okay all right
boom that'll be done at 3:00 what the
heck is that a chocolate bunny oh you
can tell families showing up we're gonna
do our yearly picture yeah am I gonna be
dead like this yeah she's cleaning you
see that what did you bring
oh my goodness marshmallow marshmallow
guns we ever seen that well when you
weren't looking I painted a big target
on your back
so I could see their game shoot one in
my mouth pellets let's put metal babies
in all right mr. handyman here guys just
relax I can do this
we're first try bata being about a boom
okay so I thought all these people were
coming over but apparently what this is
it the tablecloth
I know it's longer when it's even Easter
problems Easter problems guys this is so
critical that's perfect don't touch it
don't touch it all these fancy
decorations scotch tape tape look at
this one the newest addition to the
Easter food rice krispie treats with
chocolate eyes jelly bean mouth white
chocolate ears Jess you've outdid
yourself this year how do we even
compete with this how do you compete
with that oh my dad's here there's kids
trying don't take that Connor go in
there and beat him you want a different
gun hey you guys want to come interact
with the family
you just want play games all day you
guys look great hey mom happy Easter we
got lots of food right now.this
I did already did those are really cool
we have way too much food
well we plan on stay in the week no this
is my favorite
some people are turkey people ham people
on a hand person that's what other key
to that's not very nice cowboy beans oh
we have so much men are you're drooling
right now hmm
it's like a buffet literally a buffer so
we snuck off for a minute we're getting
ready to do an Easter egg hunt for all
the kids we're trying to decide what to
put like a couple of the special eggs
are gonna have like five bucks should we
do like Billy Madison Billy man this is
my birthday they're gonna be like
there's nothing in it
there's no five dollars there's five
one's new to fondue two with fives but
we can't let the same kid get how do we
do that one kid would get 15 bucks if
they got all the old ones yeah hmm how
about we just say one gold egg for each
kid like there's one for oh my gosh
these are all four yeah serious it was
so what's in this what's in the egg what
is that oh it's play-doh with so many
eggs all right Conrad got the iron
I didn't even put these silly putty you
know one bite is that hollow is bookbag
take a bite of his but that's your one
but there you go now you can fill them
with candy these are gonna be hard to
find is that is that where you put them
at these have 50 dollar bills and I'm so
we wanted only one per kid five dollar
bills they're five there's the only two
five dollar bills
I'll put these things anywhere and
everywhere
two eggs two eggs for the bonus if
anybody lifts the hood up this old
abandoned bike that's what I just tried
but it popped open though you're gonna
do the same thing I did
swing sounds like a two-bit Saigon whore
completely over you what's up baby boy
what up nice you stopped by I had to I
know you did cuz you were gonna get a
really angry call if you didn't show up
all right
they're getting to be just about
everywhere now every little really I
found a good spot for the five dollar
egg it's not a good spot they're gonna
find that
oh it's Easter Egg time let's go huntin
wanna know a secret
all right they know how to find eggs
let's go it's like a herd of them find
some eggs dude he's killing it you
killin that's nice but you are kid what
your ears already go get it
they're working hard today guys
secretly we're just trying to wear them
out so they sleep you guys having any
luck back yeah that's right I remember
that last year our big golden egg was up
in one of these trees no what is that
that's a shiny one hey cane maybe you
should try to open this door no nothing
in there all right I'm gonna look till
your bucket is overflowing I thought
what is that no what in the world is
that I'm gonna take some of these and
put them on the ground cause some of the
kids to find them and it's overflowing
well that's really nice do it
Hey what the heck did you get don't eat
it it's silly putty
I think hunting Easter eggs has changed
since I was a kid did you guys get man
you guys got so much cool stuff put that
ring on gain time sure they show the
camera the ring what's on the top of
your camera it's to block the land
building Legos love it I love it so last
year if you guys remember I killed the
Easter Bunny mama and I made her bring
it today just so I could do another
anniversary pic of me killing the Easter
Bunny I don't think I'm gonna kill you
this time now no blood no blood that
looks perfect that is one creepy Easter
Bunny yeah you have no ups to that's a
legit suit who is that what's he doing
in our house wait use the Easter Bunny a
boy or a girl it's a boy how do you know
that did you look under his legs that's
how you check no it's back in there guys
I just want to take a second to thank
you for coming along on our Easter it's
just a family day and we're just hanging
out and I also want to thank you guys
I'm looking at the comments on these
vlogs last few vlogs and I'm realizing
how amazing they are they're positive
it's sorted I didn't find a negative
comment so I just want to thank you for
taking my challenge of being positive
and and trying to be happy we are
building an army of people willing to
smile and think positive and I love it
hey you ain't got no shoes on either
thank you guys so much you're so awesome
it's time to start tearing down this
madhouse I can't do it with one hand
honey
I can't vlog and what could easily -
you're gonna get in it girl let me use
the screen oh it does I look like a
little ballerina what a day what a day
what a day what a mighty good day you're
laying here you have a good Easter and
we had fun and that was a that was a day
right there family friends little crawly
crabs we're all tired I'm beat I'm
really tired actually we did a lot I
don't know how it translates through the
vlog but we did a lot today
we had a lot of entertainment a lot of
fun over here give me a hug
give me hug daddy where would you my
body you sleep super good I'll wake you
up for school tomorrow
yawn emic youngster come on don't lie
somebody on somebody I think you
actually made me young for real alright
I Love You Man sleep perfect
okay guys warping into everybody
disappearing out of the house we I had
excellent time a wonderful Easter always
good when you're with family I hope that
you had a great Easter as well and I
hope that you got some good time with
your family or friends or whoever you're
with and that's it that's all I got the
place is trashed it's really in critical
condition right now Britney's trying to
put Caine asleep on the couch and that's
it
get a clean gotta get up early to take
know to school that's something I
haven't done he's been on spring break
so it's gonna be hard getting up that
early that's it
I love you guys thanks for joining our
thanks for joining our family for this
Easter and we will see you tomorrow keep
the big smile on your face smile more
yeah
