good morning my friends it's official I
am sick I'm fighting it every second of
today what a day that's been are you
kidding me I lost my wallet it's gone I
had to call we cancel my traveling cards
my everything everything is gone and we
were gonna fly home tomorrow now we're
stuck in LA because I have no ID so it's
been it's been an interesting start to
today hey King
say hi buddy on a positive note it's
really pretty outside and how do you get
home without an ID though that's what I
want to know what's the airport say like
what are the what are the steps if you
don't have your ID and you're not at
home how do you get out of the state
without your ID I have to drive home we
got to drive home and you're not even
out driving I don't know the only thing
keeping me rockin and rollin today
honestly guys is my new prank that I
filmed I left my card reader in Ohio so
we're running out right now to get that
so I can start editing my main camera
footage new pillows dude thanks so much
man guess I got bit
peekaboo
that's cute what did you guys get I
leave for one minute you guys find food
hi you know the prank the pranks are
getting so big that I have to dedicate
entire hard drives to each of pranks
like one prank for hard drive gets
expensive and my main prank camera runs
off CF cards they're the bigger cards so
I had to buy a reader just so that I can
edit that footage I left mine in Ohio of
course along with everything how's that
food
this is my baby guys he's getting so bad
right getting so big but ran up
pretty soon it'll be bigger dananddana
in it so apparently Brittany asked you
guys a few days ago on snapchat okay
what kind of art projects she should do
and she's gonna do it you I guess it was
the most requested so this is what I
need 120 million crowns
are you paying for this stuff we'll
enjoy are you gonna pay for it hot here
right here is it hot
still hot from the motor motor makes it
hot come on brick got a craft stuff I
got my camera stuff we're about hitting
people here we forgot no parent problems
got Avenue Oh
there are so many milk choices
that's crazy
I feel like I'm going down fast guys I
feel like cold chills stomach
everything's just going down wish me
luck
well I've heard when you're sick you're
supposed to drink bleach really clears
out you don't ever do that I'm totally
hitting all right I'm pretty much as
buried in footage and to be honest with
you like this prank is what's keeping me
out of bed I got my own for those of you
that don't know a CF card is this is a
CF card this is where all the magic is
right it honestly takes me an entire
evening all through the night this was a
seven camera shoot all different cameras
so they all got to be converted into the
same formats so it just takes me a long
time before I can even start looking at
the footage I have to import it all and
convert it you want that one onto here
can you hold the camera pointing at your
foot it'd be so funny oh yeah
show Mom hey I'll show me let's say
stand here it's working hard on some
serious dinner
I can't wait that's gonna help me though
I feel like I feel like that that Reaper
guy with the black hood and he's like
standing behind me all day hey watch out
yeah hey happy boy so it's just up
dinner a few minutes and this always
happens we know that you guys love how
much we eat out from paper plates and
plastic somewhere so we thought we'd
really give you something to comment
about we're eating dinner out of
Tupperware
that's right just for you guys grandma's
breaking all the rules though she's
she's eating out a paper ball roll
breaker hey you know it gets recycled
now that dinner is over Brit is working
on a really cool project since I'm
pretty much on the computer all night I
think I'll just be covering this for you
I think it's cool
look at the box it's all like yeah it
doesn't come like that it totally looks
art and then you open it it's just so
random
I'm really hurt I'm gonna pull through
okay
is that a scribble source Rex it's not
it's a scribble uh focus weed all these
cool crowns and all this glue and we're
gonna start gluing them to the top
crowns how do you say it what is it
crayons I always say crowns
there's I don't know any to people to
say it the same anyway we're gonna glue
them just like that on top of the
painting
just gonna take oh really long time
you're just doing it really fast is the
oven still on using the oven timer I'm
actually getting really excited now I
will skeptical at first so this is
pretty sweet ice what are you doing just
in case it splatters you need like a
little forcefield
well we just popped a breaker with the
blow dryer but it's looking so cool I
have no idea where the breakers are
there are none we've searched this whole
apartment for breakers there are not the
only one I can find in the kitchen and
I've already reset it but it's only for
this this stuff this reminds me of like
every TV show ever when you when they're
doing something they add the drama
there's no power doesn't remind you that
it would be just like this honey if we
don't get these lights on we're never
gonna get this painting done coming up
next
we gotta get these lights on they're
gonna be here three minutes pick up this
painting we we got no lights
that's exactly how TV is do you like it
was it super cold we have successfully
destroyed this place buddy
way to go give me five don't leave me
hangin up don't Kane can't get back here
Kane
why did you get me hooked on this I you
completely took over my project started
in he's I've known you don't do it like
that Julie I like here just take it all
right as soon as I started mowing
sews it started mowing I had to do it so
much fun is melding it's like every
boy's dream you can also mount these on
like a board above your painting so that
when you're done you can take it away
and it's just the painting but I think I
actually like it with them on it looks
really hot alright my friends that is
the vlog today I gotta edit edit edit
edit edit and it's so hard to manage a
blog channel when you have something to
actually do you can't vlog it's so
difficult that being said I know we
already gave this one away where D did
the giveaway for this one forever for
there it is we already did the giveaway
and I already have gotten the guy's
address so this one's going out
hopefully tomorrow or the next day
so tell me should I give this one away
this one's ridiculous I really like it
I might just keep it but if you think I
should give it away tell me in the
comments Yes No maybe so we're gonna
start trying to give a lot cool things
away that we've had that we have made as
a family just to give back to you guys a
little bit put a big old smile on that
beautiful face you're awesome we love
you smile more in the vlog from that day
so look at it like that that's the
positive way to look at it the only
thing I am the apologize for is my
exhaustion I have like
