Vic's going on back here
get buckled in she just had to jump into
the back cuz there's bottles of water is
flying everywhere
okay I'm safe now hey so what's up guys
we're starting the day off run into a
little cool craft store to get some
things for something really fun I got
some actual real work to do today I
gotta go into the Edit Bay which should
be fun for you guys as well uh yeah so
let's get this party started
where's my little buddy there he is come
here
you look good today dude every time I
walk into a store there's a new holiday
now it's already Easter we just
celebrated Valentine's Day Wow
oh yeah and then March will be st.
Patrick's Day it was like we have
something every single month yeah for
sure okay so we're looking at blank
painting canvases we're gonna do
something really cool and probably do a
giveaway at the end of this vlog are we
gonna do it today yeah I like that one
are we gonna make two okay cool yeah
let's do the little one it's gonna be
easier to ship yeah even that's gonna be
hard to ship though like this size okay
you can handle that yes huge hey are you
ready yeah you're gonna have some fun
today oh I just hit mommy so this all
came about Brittany's pretty crafty and
she gets all these websites if she sees
ideas she's like I got to do that yeah
well they're gonna work on probably this
while I'm at the office today right yeah
you do is this good for tattoos all
right we got everything we need for
mommy and King up fun today and for you
guys to give away it's gonna be cool I
know everyone's gonna want it I already
want one would you put your dog in your
Ferrari the dog in that Ferrari
oh my god imagine cleaning dog he ready
for are you really I can't imagine
that's just next level everybody Ohio
shoes just stomping on the trust me it
happens
kids don't fire just don't give a rip
they toss 20 or a million they don't
care they climb right over it and muddy
shoes play Batman no what are you
playing yeah oh you play marvels super
you're us how come how come you always
do the fun stuff when daddy's gotta
leave how awesome is this look at all in
flowers I don't know why I'm probably
the only dude that loves flowers I am on
my way to the Edit Bay this is where the
movie will have its final touches and
become perfect for you guys hopefully
guess who's back back back back again
you ready to work yes ready to work
what's up Paul I'm sure most of you some
of you voted for him early in the
competition soldiers soldiers hey hey
you ready to craft
yeah okay so we got our campuses and
some paints and letters you ready yeah
so the first one we're gonna do we're
gonna do a small one for a giveaway so
you guys will be able to win it
not sure how yet we don't know if we
should do like our like Instagram
Twitter or something like that or just
like a vlog comment I'm not sure what
what will be easier there's a couple
ways you guys can do this if you want to
make something like this at home it's
really easy even if you don't have a
canvas you can get like a poster board
or paper or whatever we got letters just
like poster board letters so it would be
like nice and neat and even you can get
tape I might have to tape the big one
because the letters might not be big
enough but you can tape out and like you
know draw your letters with tape tape it
out so we're going to cut out all the
stickers and put those on first I cut
out each letter before I stick it on the
letters actually suck down some of them
aren't sticking very well so hopefully
hopefully this works okay I think it
will you here we got a laundry basket in
a sweatshirt let's see
mommy's gonna start painting around the
letter this if you want to start
painting up here
okay so then just wild crazy colors Kane
left me like halfway through it's pretty
cool so we're gonna wait for it to dry
and then peel the letters off I'm
excited to see like what it looks like
till then Kane still playing his game
trying to get all our laundry washed you
know the really fun stuff that you have
to do isn't it alright so who wants it
and once I smile more painting maybe we
should sign the back of it should we
sign the back of it no you don't want to
sign it no it's this one lucky winners
gonna get this cool painting this whole
building is nothing by editors for
movies
we are just it's their time we've been
watching a million miles of
behind-the-scenes footage of natural
born pranksters this is Ben he's been
around forever he's the editor right now
on the movie this is David what's up man
I told you I was gonna put you in the
vlog and the towering his buddy Paul
truth it's dinner time thought I'd bring
you guys along these all the movies have
been edited in here all these movies
wowzers I feel kind of a special
beginning okay
where's my boy is he where he always is
or is he in a different spot
whoa is it dry this is cool you ordered
pizza
daddy had Chinese food do you guys have
fun have you blowing any of this yeah
it's not gonna work or what will you
spelled it wrong oh it's not sticker oh
you got to peel it I don't know but it's
only the top paint would go right do
that yeah so what are we gonna give this
one away yeah you and Kane made it
should we sign it yeah right on the back
I don't know if I want to give it away I
think it'd look cool right here yeah
forget to give away I'm not done hmm
we're gonna make one on there too no I'm
just kidding we got to do getting in
this away it's super cute I sure the way
you could have done the line you know
that's all right
Jeff fun painting today Cookie Monster
there's a lot of fun your mommy did good
job somebody's gonna be really happy
when they get this I wouldn't be alright
guys so a lot of you been asking on
every social media site when are we
restocking the smile more store and that
has just happened tonight Britney has
done it oh dude I think these Marvel
superheroes are going to your brain cuz
you're getting too strong and scary what
happened to the little cute King there
now you really are hurricane that'd be
your superhero name hurricane and you'd
turn into a wave and disguise everybody
so everything is back on the smile more
store everything you've been waiting on
the bees the wristbands the almost
everything it's it's been a bumpy it's
been a bumpy road okay well that's good
that's way better than it has been all
week so we're caught up again
everybody's still running the store even
though we're in LA everything's still
running so everything's good Roman
Atwood comm checking it out baby anyways
I'm rambling I'm gonna end it oh wait I
was about to end it what are we gonna do
about this giveaway I don't know how to
give it away today let's do it tomorrow
we're gonna do tomorrow yeah I'm sorry
we cha - we got down alright guys tell
us in the comments how we should give
that sucker away I think we should just
do it on YouTube somehow we could do the
random scroll three thing
are you just scrolling whoever it lands
on that's a good comment gets it I will
decide tonight through tomorrow we will
see you guys then don't forget to smile
more we love you guys thanks
