it's a snowy Wonderland what's up
everyone came is cooking breakfast hope
you guys like bubbles are these bubble
pancakes bubble cookies bubble waffles
were these bubble butts it's snowy baby
it looks nice the roads are clear no and
I are gonna hang out for a little bit
get some US time
Brittany and keen or bubbles so we don't
know what we're doing yet but we just
gonna hang out I don't remember the last
time you and I had dinner together just
me and you one to one of our favorite
spots our favorite joints perfect spot
let's do it big trouble
look at those fries ready ready dig it I
don't know who's older at this table
Noah her dad
we're both sharing one chicken finger
Mila yeah
splitting chicken fingers didn't finish
her fries and she's good to go
that's what that's with dads and kids
yeah Finland is way colder than this at
least when I was there are you full now
yeah yeah you gotta be doing eat all
your food I didn't even eat all my food
we got another stop no and I are both
desperate for some new socks so we're
gonna go get new socks pretty exciting
huh I don't think you can ever have
enough sauce they just disappear it's
like the washer eats them eventually one
day you have them and the next day you
have ten mismatched socks that's just
how it works
it's like it's the Dumb and Dumber that
dumb and dumber Texan pajamas that's
hilarious
I've never ever in my life come to a
store and only bought socks and
underwear for every size kid me you and
can you know Caine's got to have these
yeah I was even getting underwear but
look he's gonna flip he's gonna want
every peril on at the same time snow
curbs
I love this truck just ran in the shoe
store Noah found the exact shoes that I
wear which are just the converse pure
blacks the best cheap shoe and boiled
what Nazis solid black I should get a
new pair with you we rock and you wanna
pretty be careful you don't trip on this
well so they can talk to the aliens they
probably got some type of CB radio in
there what all fun must come to an end I
had to take Noah to his mother's one of
the hardest parts of my week is handing
him over half the week but that's life
that's my life no reason to cry over
spilled milk what up boss man dad let me
see that's cool
yeah I had to come over and help Britney
with the shipping stuff because we had a
fiasco but everything's good
everything's bright yeah well they're
getting pretty common right now to be
pulling all my helpers out of my
driveway I guess it's pretty snowy out
here another successful pull out there
next time Park in the woods
driving through my yard
hey you gonna help me hey you're gonna
help me get balls not gonna help me
Batman you better get over and help me
boy he's balling us kind of stuff that's
right guys time to work his balls are
gonna be the death of me so I told you
guys these are the actual balls from the
prank so some of them are squished some
of them are perfect and some of them are
just downright dirty you know the dirt
because the day the day we filmed this
it was mutt it was raining after day and
I won't send this one this one's gonna
stick or I just wash it off yeah that's
what someone smart would do
timed unsigned what's your ex all right
I think you guys will know if you get
the ball and Cain signed it that's for
sure
there's Britney signature yours this how
do you get it that fine it's just this
markers now let me see mine look how fat
and ugly mine is and then I'll hear her
is it's like perfect oK we've mastered
this ready came yeah let's do it
no more bending over I got an automation
system I called automation you probably
call it child labor yeah all right
that's one go go go good job
imagine the message we just dumped these
that's not gonna happen tonight I'm
gonna sign this ball all right guys
we've worked into the night a little bit
it's actually 12:30 in the morning and
we got to go to bed something really
incredibly often explain it to you and
Kanan is so late let's go no you must it
later we love you guys thanks for all
the love and support today we will see
you tomorrow for something mind-blowing
smile more
