good morning my friends from the Atwood
residents we are just starting the day
got this local local bacon it's so thick
it's like steak some pieces are like
steak I guess some potato sizzling
Noah's playing some video games as usual
just a typical morning let us know let
us know let us know all right warp EPS
Brett
we've worked past breakfast we've walked
past the showers and now Superman's in
the house we got my mom and dad coming
over today my brother his wife their
kids coming over today which means we're
gonna have a lot of fun she's gonna be a
family day nothing else no work nothing
except for this there's gonna be so much
tickling you ain't gonna go to stop it
all right let's let's go see what no
one's doing what's the game of the day
today stranded deep stranded deep and
what is stranded deep it's like the
forest except you're on an island it's
like castaways he crashed the plane onto
an island and now he has to survive it's
pretty cool in order and there's crashed
boat but there's stuff in it Kane can
you fly off the couch Superman can fly
you know he's different than the other
the other heroes he's not like
spider-man or Batman he can actually fly
so let's see it whoa I think with a
little practice you got pretty soon
we'll be going off the top balcony and
do it again
okay jump
whoa I wish I had a Superman suit maybe
I can wear yours okay so you want a
store to get food for tonight dinner
she's gonna cook some really good food
yeah
you're gonna take this with you Brittany
belongs here yeah
it's going in your hands it's going into
your purse I have to get gas my car we
let my grandma use because she has to
get some work done on her car so she's
actually using my car so we have either
the truck or Romans car so I'm driving
the truck to the store and I swear every
time Roman like comes home in the truck
it's on II had to get gas before I even
go to the store so and it's nasty rainy
out so I gotta get gas
okay I think I've got almost everything
with stores insane rates of this evening
like you have to maneuver around people
to get anything a tip if you do go they
were Stern you're like trying to like
eat healthier is to stay like more on
the outside and in the produce section
instead of going down the aisles because
this is what you find candy and pizza my
gosh and then if you're hungry let's
can't go strong so if you can tell
Valentine's Day it's got meat up
this whole aisle is red and pink now
Roman we sell on Wednesday we never do
anything for them anything but they have
some really awesome sprinkles and you
guys know I collect sprinkles
alright so apparently Britt promised you
shoes show you how to make this stuff
and I just came in here to ask her if
she's been doing that she said no so
we're a little late and yeah just throw
it all in and right here if you want a
freeze-frame this will make it easy
how's that boom that's it no there's
more crap freeze written that so what do
you done now so y-you don't know you
just seen it the movie once and now
you're like I'm gonna do that my mom
they on Jeff's here all the kids and
we're about to grub a love dub I'm
starving well you're in for a ride my
mom and dad have an orchard where they
grow fruits and this is completely
squeezed grape juice and they can in
everywhere and it's like nectar
why cuz it's his private collection
I don't even have to say about these
kids
what happened get away from me
so creepy hey do you want to wear it
what no won't hug me and I won't tickle
him you've worn out my kids walk with
your tickle hose it's safe guys it's
safe look your daddy says it's safe it's
safe
give him a hug Kane alright guys see you
later thanks for coming over
that's criminal
hey honey you know where the remote is
do you know where the remote is yeah no
I can't find it anywhere your voice you
sound like you're on the phone all right
you know what will happen if you gotta
get it 10 times are you gonna be in a
snowball where's the camera left you're
hiding the recording that's the wrong
camera
don't put put the bucket down no
snowballs in the house what do you for
stop did I get you dirt are you done you
want to get on a go for some gets people
you've been asking us for weeks and
weeks and weeks and weeks weeks maybe we
jump on for a little bit so here we go I
don't know much battery have though it
takes so much battery cuz you have to
leave it recording free batteries
charged not charged okay so we're about
to hop on some omegle we haven't done
this for a while and you guys have
requested a really long time say yeah
you ready to do this yeah meet some
happy faces yeah 100% no you cannot you
do it you do it so messed up
and you're coming out there's so many
people that I feel like I'm having a
meet-up
right now what's up girl
oh you're so sweet
let's do it let's do it
that's real Leslie I gotta do a cool
thing like what's my cool face I don't
feel like I have a natural face no I got
to work on something better than that
what's up dude it's not really what's up
guys are you
we're trying to hold a straight face but
we can't hold it for the camera real
still a real smile more tattoo damn I
love it man thank you
it's amazing smile more hoodie I'll
avoid your shirt smell my shirt
dude you're our mascot bro I love you
man I want to give you big hug
I probably kiss you if I saw you right
now okay we got it endo manga it's it's
12:06 in the morning Cain woke up jumped
in a couple now he's chugging popcorn
I wish speaking about tonight we got to
end it guys thank you so much for
hanging out we try to get as many I'm
sorry Pierre on omegle we spent a couple
hours on here I believe yeah about two
hours but uh if we didn't get to you I'm
so sorry we tried to be quick with
everyone but it's hard because we
actually want to talk to you guys and I
feel bad skipping through so um we'll
see you guys tomorrow
we love you thanks for all the love
support and like some of these vlogs and
don't forget to smile more alright now
get the bed
