what's up my friends I'm guessing that
my day is starting differently from
everybody else's in the entire world
actually yes it definitely is I am
bringing a lot of these balls into my
house so that I can sign them and during
that video the ball prank video we broke
my steps so it's just a big pain than
that yeah pull take them all the way in
I don't know how many fits in that
bucket I'm guessing there's gonna be
about a hundred of those buckets that I
have to bring you can just draw
something just color on it yeah that's
perfect
whoever gets this ball is gonna be so
happy that's Cain's signature right I'll
let me sign my name on it yeah there
hold the camera
I said any of you guys get any balls
with scribbly lines just know that Kane
personally did that he's having fun
doing it
Kane I think this one's an instant
classic buddy okay we got the hustle
going on downstairs we've already signed
750 balls and the first one is going out
right now who's what's the name
who's the lucky the lucky cat of course
the name I can't pronounce not even
gonna try you now to say that
one is right I try to be all excited
about the first one I can't oh yeah yeah
I can't show the address anyway we've
we've signed 750 and we're not even a
quarter of the way done how you feeling
hmm you know it's about time when you're
holding it up she starts just going
crazy yeah she's like stop freaking talk
I won't let you guys know that I know it
hasn't been a long but I'm already
working on my next prank and this one
you guys know I produce big content like
when I when I do put up a video it goes
pretty big and I have a another good
feeling that this is a big hit so be
patient with me it's definitely a it's
not on Britney it's not anything like
that so no words
to the words baby I got some Tara night
for tomorrow I got a bunch more than
that but that just happens to still be
sitting in the car so we're gonna blow
them up slow down dude I'm gonna blow
some stuff up in tomorrow's vlog
hopefully it's fun take a book oh man
throw a stack of books at your friends
and you could be like dad step into my
room your mega office I never like glass
because you always gotta clean it and
the Kate you can see all the cables on
the floor you know I mean no and I had
to stop and get supplies for the store
as you guys know by these vlogs
it's about impossible to keep up with
all the stuff we need to run the store
it's it's way more than just having the
merchandise it's having all the things
that go with it
envelopes and the littlest things labels
for printing and paper and it's crazy
new table back home between kids in the
store it's Pizza time
everyone's coming up for pizza it's
exciting group of people right now I
know it's are up there hard day our
day's work
especially for this guy son he signed
250 balls today
that's a lot Noah Stern
you ready sign so hmm yendo a bunch we
got a lot to do man I'm not even kidding
squeezing oranges okay squeeze buddy
this piece is like his heart he's like
it's hot yeah what's your finger buddy
gotcha did you B do finger hurt are you
okay boy no his little game station this
has got even this ridiculous game I've
ever seen you play he's a goat and he's
some type of tanks tied to his back but
up Oh
you know what I really need help with I
need your help and I need your help and
I need your help I want to open that box
that box
careful it's heavy it'll fall on you
good job I don't know what it is let's
take it in there slide it
oh I think it just meowed okay this is
for all of us okay I hear the shark I
can hear him it's our gold button guys
for our vlog Channel good job everybody
thank you guys this is definitely um I
mean because you guys we got this guy 1
million subscribers
oh my god let's ship him to YouTube say
my butt's too big Noah
all right put some stamps on there
so we finally got it I've been really
waiting for this for a long time because
when you when you hit a million
subscribers as if that doesn't take long
enough then you got to wait for the
process to get the button and that I
mean we're at like almost 1.6 million I
saw whoa I'm excited when you think of
that do you know why we got this it is
real gold really like if Pirates came to
our house that's what they would take
for sure oh I'm guessing that it's like
a chunk of old rusty steel and there's a
very thin coat there's a very thin coat
of gold on there but I don't know we
could salt in half if we sawed it in
half no it would be thrilled so now
we've accomplished two giant buttons and
they're going right here I haven't hung
the first one ever I've had it for a
long time but I never hung it and I have
a house not hanging in so I'm gonna I'm
gonna put them right here we just both
boys had showers and and Britney just
cut canes here need to spike it up there
is one problem with this room if toys
get in here you may never see him again
you don't never find them again
I know a Giunta landing on this guy's
all run dead okay I'll see you tomorrow
you're gonna go shooting with me big
guns up
love ya you mean how see in the morning
you hit my OC backwards if my mouth
alright guys I bet that I'm ending my
night different than anybody else in the
entire world so I did the math earlier
this bucket holds about 250 balls on
average it takes me 30 minutes almost
exactly to sign this bucket I have to do
over 4,000 balls so it's about seven
eight hours give or take not that bad I
mean so for those of you that don't know
I told everybody on my vlog that on the
22nd if you placed an order on the small
more story you'd received one of these
sign so yeah that's not going on right
now stop just on the 22nd maybe some on
the 23rd I think I'll hook the 23rd up
too but uh yes not going on now so don't
get confused it was for the 22nd not now
all right guys there's another bucket
done my signature is definitely getting
better as I go
compared to the first I'm gonna in the
vlog because this is what I'm due for
the rest of the night plus edit this
vlog thanks guys thanks for everything
this is amazing we'll see you tomorrow
we're gonna blow some stuff up that
should be fun
thanks again guys I'm speechless all the
time because you guys so thank you stay
tuned for the new prank it's coming in
hot and we will see you tomorrow thanks
for joining my family and smile more
that was the most awkward thing I've
ever done let's try that again oh look I
smile more
put your lips on it
