you guys looking very good excursion
don't you're showing to the other just
get laid that's what I would do later on
tonight tonight you and me we'd only I
can handle it
you don't think I can handle it you
would break me in two you're talking
about I was just trying to lay you y'all
crazy
what's up my friends I know you're
probably looking for adventure vlog
today but I only got one thing in mind
to film a new prank here in Hawaii so
for about two years I came up with this
prank about two years ago probably and I
said if I ever go to Hawaii I'm gonna
try this prank and I'm pretty sure could
only be done here you're gonna be in it
with me yeah and be my cameraman Oh
camera woman these are work let's just
get a bunch of these colored ones a nice
oh I like that one what's good let's get
this four so here in Hawaii I could be
totally wrong it could be other places
too but here in Hawaii they have things
called leis and they're usually fake or
real flowers that go around your neck
like this that's right so there's a
saying where you get laid in Hawaii so
like two years ago I was like it'd be
fun to go up to people like guys and
girls and got yo you want to get laid
tonight and get their reaction go on and
then pull out a leg it's like a play on
words it's a silly it's more like a
smile more video but I've always wanted
to do it whether it sucks or not I'm
gonna try it today because I've been
thinking about it for years yeah that's
a long story let's do it
so Brittany is one of our first times on
the camera this thing looks huge in your
hands we're at this little shopping area
they're probably gonna get run out
really fast here I mean if it's anything
like what I'm used to store owners are
gonna be
okay yeah come over here well one
problem right off the bat is everybody
knows what I'm talking about
there's no it's no surprise when I say
looks like you want to get laid or it's
just so obvious like you know why it's
to comedy to hear that this week it's
week feel like I have a fetish with
trees or something we get a tree in our
room always talking about dreams I don't
know they're just so bizarre are you
gonna talk to me today are you gonna
bite me oh you're gonna bite me are you
giving me a kiss oh you're so pretty
dude that's it it's all I get oh you
want more huh here one more you know I
kiss you want to kiss the soldiers oh so
we are uh we're gonna take a little
break I think what we need to do is go
down and try again once people have had
a few drinks it's really early it's
morning so it's just not a lot of like
everyone's like this from last night oh
yeah man that's cool yeah hey you guys
look like you want to get laid no no so
why are your husband's I don't see him
where are they
there's no shop I did get one that was
gold gold it's so good so maybe it's
just something I work on this evening or
through the week and I actually have a
full video I don't know maybe I just put
it up as a fail for you guys on the blog
we just walked over to uh I don't know
where we're at this is freaking nice
though but there's some cliffs over here
that you can dive off of so we got to
store our bags at this hotel that we're
not staying at here we are
we got to get in just because I got it
all right guys let's go watch this to
this yeah
we just hung out with the sea turtle he
just happened to be swimming by when we
were snorkeling whoa
are we even on earth would you think of
a turtle it was the most amazing thing
of everything you finally got to swim
with a turtle
there's Turtles out there tries a pickup
trucks yes Tony eat was nobody up here
nobody likes you guys I want you to
pronounce this drink yep you got a
pronounced one I don't have no idea Huma
Huma Luca Luca
my son's going down all right are you
ready for this look at this
oh man look at that I don't even know
where to start
Brittany Stern lobster tail for the
first time here Eddie you gotta put it
doesn't even taste like seafood at all
it's just butter
it's just like we finished our meal
about four waiters here knew who I was
and they just drop this on the table
what you gonna do with that that's a
mountain dude yeah it's a sport spoon
fork sport yeah Oreo cookie crust on the
bottom vanilla macadamia and ice cream
no I'm gonna just take one minute to
thank you guys you guys are so awesome
everywhere we've went today
you guys have showed up soldiers fan
what didn't you guys want to be called
showed up friends best friends family
whatever
so guys they were not part of you guys
anyway I just want to thank you guys are
awesome you've been stood enjoyable on
this island and so nice to us I'm
hurting I'm so full
what are you our driver how are you good
we're looking for live music tonight
because we failed so bad last night we
decided to get a cab and head out oh
yeah what's your name man Johnny you
don't look like a Johnny to me Johnny
thanks man
no all right guys pop question hotshot
what kind of trees are these tell me I
would call them pretty freaking awesome
trees leave this same
oh my god can we curse the bad luck for
life but are these trees like grows no I
can't grow like that they made it do
this right it doesn't touch the ground
this one's got some support come on
Brett
I don't know if you're paying any
attention but this tree branch how does
this work this tree branch grows from
that tree comes across this walkway and
grows into that tree now you explain
that to me you explain that to me see
that that's one piece I don't think this
islands known for their nightlife I'm
sorry if you're from here I just don't
think it exists so far you got nice
trees I love the trees
Lahaina pizza company we finally found
live music guys here
listen that's what I said I said Oh
highness
Lahaina this is the best that we could
find and it's good
well if it's 8:46 p.m. and the band's
packing up telling you you want to make
a lot of money come to Maui open up a
nightclub slash bar slash music place
man where people go to watch awesome
bands and live music we just came up
with that big bad Blowfish that would be
that's what we would call it so I'm
telling you man come to Maui and open up
a club it will make you own the island
one year we'll take a watch and somebody
come here there's gonna be a place
called big
I think you're thinking a big bad fish
no real big fish and
for you we need to rock and roll baby
what's your name Michael Michael yeah
you don't look like a Michael I say that
to everybody okay yeah it's beautiful
but there's no we need some live bands
music it doesn't exist does it right
over here they're open and glow open and
glow yeah yeah and the people that now
you know the people car come and they
come the time you see empty nobody would
stay back you know what you gotta do you
gotta open up your own club with music
man they do you take fight you would
take over this whole book just the local
taxi that's like that's like what you
don't do ever they get so overt about it
or even had it here way to go Rex so
many messages so many messages in our
hotel room guys you guys find us no
matter what I love it it's cool whatever
you guys are the bomb.com how do we
trash a room like this so fast we've
been here one day I don't know
however I guys imagine coming back to
your hotel room with your girl and just
cuddling up high and down and just doing
whatever you want that would be you know
what I'm just gonna edit the vlog that's
what I'm gonna do I have to the way it
works here in Hawaii is I have to edit
every night otherwise they don't go up
in time just internet reasons and stuff
like that but uh yeah so forget that
that fun idea see you in the morning
I'll see in the morning baby
see in the morning I love you we love
you guys thanks for all the love and
support on these vlogs you guys are
unbelievably awesome today we ran into
more fans than I even thought we had wow
yeah it's absolutely insane so I should
start trying to put them in the vlog
more it's so hard we love you guys we'll
see you tomorrow don't forget to smile
more no way this is happening right now
what is this
it's the end of the road it says we have
six miles I can't believe we got that
four uh we
