what are we doing right now
what are we doing do you want to show
them I have definitely never started the
blog under the pinball machine that's
where I'm at right now
look at this doo doo doo doo doo flesh
you're barely white anymore dude you're
so dirty
I'm taking this house okay Cora and I
we're just blown away right now check
this out okay so that's visitors right
now there's the thousand and forty
people right now on our store on our
small monster but we just found check
the car okay let me show them the map
let me show him the map okay so you can
see everybody that's on the store right
now
Cory Carly okay now you're just gonna
watch you're just gonna watch we were
watching and then I started filming and
you freaked out on me I bought her I
bought it with the popsicle hi hi say hi
nothing nah we've been sitting here half
plain half watching there's this map
that I didn't know about until now you
can stare at this map and it's
mesmerizing
like I literally want to get a big TV in
my house dedicated to this map I had to
move I just want unfasten ated with this
and I happen to be doing this right when
I was starting the blog so I want to
show you guys this blowing my mind
actually it's a live view of you guys on
small more score and I'm not kidding I'm
gonna put a big TV in my house somewhere
I just put it know that TV's Korres
where we just watched look at this you
can scroll all over the world these dots
they disappear they they down up see
somebody just got on the website right
there Europe where's that Iceland
somebody was just on there in Iceland
this Germany look at this I'm gonna
learn about the world Israel Saudi
Arabia this is so cool mainly us because
everybody's asleep on the other side of
the world right now look at this and
that that orange one somebody bought
something it blows my mind mainly
because we started this from scratch and
and look at any given point visitors
right now it's just bouncing around 989
just bounces around it just keeps going
man I don't know it's just so fun it is
literally so fun to sit here and watch
you guys bouncing around all over the
world like look at that that's so cool
it's crazy right it's fun to watch it's
mesmerizing imagine like Amazon's map
what can you imagine I don't know this
is a cool maybe it's a new feature for
me I don't know about it's a circle you
don't that popsicle okay go get mommy
mmm
it's crazy live sale oh it doesn't say
where why why doesn't it say live sale
right now order from Borg Lodge bal√°zs
where's this Sweden order form in
Minneapolis order from Monroe just
popping up everywhere in Oregon look at
that that's so cool thank you guys so
much like the most sincere version of a
thank you I could possibly give you
thank you probably weird watching me
this excited about this but you guys
know where we started with smile more
and our company and it is so cool any
given time to see like literally a
thousand people browsing in buying like
I'm putting a TV in this house I want to
see the weirdest place light up you out
piece very thirsty trying to break into
the water stash okay I can't stare at
the computer anymore we have to keep
moving up Brit when you want in now
you're distracting I don't know what you
actually want you don't know what you
actually want neither do you Brit is
she's out in her office
I guess drying her hair she just got out
of the shower and I kind of wish in a
cool spot was like I have to show you
guys this nut baby little buddy
right here is it weird if I call my
daughter my buddy
like I I I constantly call her my buddy
Mike come here buddy
I don't know she is my buddy my buddy
but is that more of a boy thing you care
if I call you buddy can I call you buddy
Oh long time get it girl hey you got a
shot you got point it up like that and
put your thumb in and hold it out put
your arms out ha do you go for charms
out I'll help yet oh right there huh
it's hard huh here you want to turn it
turn it this way
and then you can look at the screen and
you can point it at things don't point
it at flashy pointed it fleshy are you
girls good job pointing it daddy do you
go but there you go good job not that
way up not that far down point it right
here right here point it right here come
on that flashy vlog I'll look flashy
blog your blush here you hold it hold it
there you go
do you go okay here we go my bottle of
coconut oil you ready for our band and
right here I'll play your song
I'm gonna sit make that work reaction
that was a pretty epic rock song world I
think we can I think we can go the
studio with that one what do you hey are
you just out of things that you want do
need your diaper change can't wait till
she talking I just want you to talk well
she just left the rock concert just to
come see you coming in she misses mommy
flashes mrs. mommy daddy misses mommy we
all miss mommy I thought it was super
silly that Britt wanted a automatic you
guys know how many people we actually
have in our house every day
it's a zoo over here right she's like
well let's just order one of these
because we're going oh you have to take
it nice you got daddy Xuan do you got
daddy Xuan oh golly I'd do the same
thing I thought it was really silly
everybody that's hang on a sec hang on
one sec everybody's timers like I want
one I need one oh it's such a silly
thing but your house would actually make
sense especially if you have a lot of
people in your house what what are you
eating cracker and cheese what is this
what is that it's all mine did that oh
my that looks like some some me hanging
warping out you ready to go
you won't go bye bye know about how
about Noah carries you knows buddy let's
do it
let's do it part socks by Nitro we got a
little birthday party today
it's Carson's birthday today plus you
can't go oh I know I know you want to go
but you can't you can do you wanna go
inside or outside inside outside you
should check your door cuz it
can you see it Oh baby
31 31 it's freezing 24 you can actually
say it's freezing today what we had what
we done what are we doing yeah let's go
it's like 9 buying it imagine course
doing good
Barbara anytime that we drive and she's
not crying is when a baby's crying in a
car see while you drive now on own does
it get to you like it's your more
patients and they
is that there is Batman is frustrating
babies crying I dare me I every day
are you gonna help me no help I got to
do it by myself
that's a deal didn't we do that who'd
know it was your challenge to me last
year you made me some what was that I
can't see you that was last year the
only reason I worry about that just
because Britt and I are about to
celebrate a decade together ten years of
our lives together
which is crazy long it's awesome that's
the only day that I'm like are we yeah
are we gonna have a backup video are we
gonna film some I don't know yet it's
next week just like a quick hello
goodbye maybe maybe maybe like I said
the only thing that worries me right are
you getting sleepy back here you break
it out of there she's owned out core in
the zone what's up dude did you get
everything you dreamed up hopes and
dreams what's that's not even you whine
and that's you I thought it was her
first such a birthday dance how old are
you now 10 oh my gosh
you can add 20 years to your life Carson
and you'll still be 5 years younger than
me what is real all she wants the
balloons oh I can give her balloons if
she wants balloons oh my gosh Oh
shots fired she wants it so bad I wonder
what she sees what do you think she sees
big hot dog
headshot oh my gosh all she wants to do
is murder it all right see what you got
that guy what is like I like get inside
that dog's head for just 30 seconds man
stay that's like awesome well son what's
up everyone's eating pizza breadsticks
chocolate cake Brittany and our sipping
the broth out of our homemade chicken
noodle soup how's it baby that's it
good this would be the first birthday
I've ever been to in my life that I mean
piece of cake or ice cream or anything
you got a little bone your pretty hair I
mean she's gonna be three before she has
anything I'm a dedicated dad holding the
cake for Cora when I can't eat it please
catch but take a good thing out of here
I don't know what that is it could be a
bug here baby you want the cake okay
oh that's all beard boy daddy you don't
like my bow Cora what's in daddy's hair
it's funny she's like I'm out of here
you think she's actually Anita Bonita
she's shot get out where her cake she
getting the sugar with sugar anger you
want to jump
four bites of cake she's ready to take
over the couch WWE
I think lies is hidden stream balance
skills and all these plates will stay on
top of each other
music you got to get back you gotta get
it back to reset it reset it Thies I
said nuts cheating these two hands I
mean you have to do without using your
hand
whoo all right now get back to that spot
you got it come on Cory you come up here
with Daddy come on whoa
Mama's here huh Momo ahead to the vlog
another cool we are literally just
hanging out I'm getting like this couch
is sucking my life away chase this couch
is sucking my life away I'm going deeper
and deeper okay next stop home we just
had a great night 10th birthday he's 10
already yes it was not ice on there when
I came out my windows open it's only
7:30 and it feels so late dude is
anybody else so tired at night right now
so yeah it's only 7:30 it's crazy
baby are you trying to sing it you got a
loud mouth on you boy take your shoes
off so sleepy look at these shoes oh you
want to vlog yeah turn it this way you
go do you go look all the shoes ever
Cora no show them
trim the shoes P damn fuzzy-wuzzy
Michael Jackson look at these things why
am I in trouble your shoes go you can
put them back here said they fit inside
your shoes that's awesome core good job
he's gonna put his in there too we got
quite the problem dirty old shoes maybe
where she going with on where are you
going with that in a washing room huh
okay does it really make sense to have
this taped right above the button that
you push just to order something like
this seems like quite the luxury you
push the button it order ass washing
detergent right I don't hear anything I
was just I'm saying like doesn't this
this doesn't really make sense to have
right above this luxury
you know like completely opposite the
day we moved into this house
Owen and I ran around the house figuring
out every single thing looked in every
see and these all silly yeah we love
them you know these were these were
actually all here when we moved in this
house and when we were looking at the
house to see if we wanted to purchase
the house we loved this this is like
having affirmations around it's like we
love that stuff so seeing that was a
huge sign for us like we want this house
but I don't know that's funny dude it
did it did it did it girl
termination conquer come on women are
the future lifted up Jesus was close
what you want to put some jammies on you
keep your door open young lady oh boy
doing do you want to put some jammies on
she forgot to shut the door she fell you
gonna shut it hey Gora Gora what are you
doing
you didn't you just taking all your
stuff out boy
cute now imagine teenage years when this
when she slamming her door on me core
don't get older I love you just way you
are right now are you stuck so you need
daddy right now oh I love you hey hey I
love you so guys I know I've said this
before in the vlogs but I was so scared
to have a daughter like tariff on my
first two boys I literally prayed to
have boys and I had him and then
Brittany and I really really wanted a
girl and we had her but the first two
kids like I was in Fault when I went to
that wasn't flogging back then when I
went to find out what we were having I
was a mess I was so scared to have a
girl like I didn't think I could
mentally have a girl like I just like
she'll kill me she will literally kill
me I'm not I'm not mentally ready to
have a little girl thank you for all the
jammies we got quite the collection
going on I realized she's not gonna kill
me and so she's over no but just like
the the stress I feel like I'm gonna
have it I'm not good with that stuff
there's just something have to learn and
I don't know boys I just have a
different understanding Hey are you just
coming to your whole dresser yeah no it
looks like you are now
went trade it for anything man I love my
boys and I love my girl and I'm so
blessed to have all three of them I
wouldn't have it any other way
like I really wouldn't I'm pumped for
the future I'm excited bring it on I'm
ready now maybe I want to be that parent
that's like I have parents all the time
all around me sometimes they're just
like oh yeah my daughter and they're
like they're like teenagers older
teenagers and then I guess she's just at
home sleeping that's all and in my head
I'm like no no she ain't at home and
she's not sleep either she's with
somebody and that's where my head goes
at the worst mindset
stuff so like the protection and the
overthinking and it's bad it's bad bad
I've been broken in the past and it is
hard to recover from that so I always
just assume the worst with a lot of
things now but we're doing better aren't
we
we're doing better you know we should do
we should put you in hey hey she just
says no automatically hey are you gonna
get it all out hmm or you're so cute
girl I love you
what y'all lookin at you won't go in
there huh yeah
whoa is this that is a full sized
sweater who's been in your room hey
flesh well why don't you she's literally
empty in her whole dresser take it ma
look how many she almost brought these
all out individually one by one no
that's that Nate are you having it what
she'll say no all right you can get
anymore look she's like everything's
fine
did the light just come on huh
yeah you got the controller backwards
girls trying so hard to just take over
this house one day at a time it is I'm
gonna say goodbye for the day what are
we at guys
oh just know some of my 12 pack abs
thanks for hanging out with us today
guys thank you so much dude the cats and
the dogs like we only have two cats and
a dog and it sounds like this look at
this we love you guys thanks for hanging
out we will see for Sunday haven't
decided we're just gonna film all day as
usual or we're going to do like a story
or one take we don't know yet we'll see
a bin though this streak continues
you're beautiful you want a pecan smell
you
