hello everyone my god and I are going up
to lunch today maybe do stop at a store
to get a little something for Christmas
usually Roman and I wait till last
minute we're out on Christmas Eve
shopping and I don't want to do that
this year so we're gonna get some pizza
you know I can't say no to pizza Harley
what are you doing like a jerk are you a
little snowman look at your little hat
oh look Haley that's cute okay so we
passed through we went and got some
lunch together and we got a couple
Christmas things and I have to show you
my dad's a collector and he collects
these um what are they called
insulators he's got all different kinds
there's this one he just showed me so
what are these from telephone they're
from old telephone poles so all really
old telephone poles used to have these
on them and now that they're like taking
them down and replaced my dad finds them
like all these different places and
collects I'm like he also collects hot
wheels he's got lots and lots of hot
wheels got the old trucks you know when
those are like when those words are from
the 70 70s the crane that cranes cool
Kalin love that that string would be
broken yeah that one you work in and
this is something he made as a Christmas
present which they get tomorrow so I can
actually show you now he made them into
little lamps turn on and everything with
a little switch
there's a little light bulb in there hey
hey my friends what's up was good it's
great baby
doesn't matter I'm not gonna stop me
from being happy sunshine or rain it's
gonna be a good day I'm gonna pick up
Noah right now from school hope you
enjoy Britney for a little bit how was
school my man it was good that's your
answer every day what do you mean a
candy cane yeah now we're gonna go get
Chinese food we've been debating on what
Chinese plate I really want to I want
Chinese food to notice that he'll go
with me so we can go to a place we've
never gone or we can go to a place I've
gone and I know it's good let's try the
new place now I had pajama day at school
and he's like I'm gonna look weird going
in here but I'm wearing them too I never
changed today
what looks good man I got everything hi
if I'm not mistaken you're done with
school until Christmas break is that
correct
oh my gosh how many weeks a couple weeks
off to two or three that's a big gap
there in a two or three I'm guessing to
two weeks that's awesome I miss school
just for that reason I think there's a
really good chance we ordered too much
food enough this is crazy
come daughter I'm freakin stuffed most
of the foods in here we didn't even
phase our plates
we're gonna need a wheelbarrow to get us
out of here going to a coma right here
that's by it nah I got a funny story for
it whoa yeah funny story for you one day
I was at this gas station pumping gas
like we are right now and I'm just
sitting in here just doing my thing you
know
and then I start noticing like people
all pointing at my car what's going on
and they're all pointing like look and I
look in the rearview mirror and the pump
is just blowing gas out just sprang
everywhere so basically the trigger
didn't release when it was full and it's
just just blowing out of the car dude
where's part of that story is I didn't
run out here it was spring everywhere I
got my pants soaked man I didn't know
Wolverine was here you look awesome
oh yeah I showed you guys this nose room
got painted and he hasn't seen it yet
either I think it's awesome
oh you like it yeah we just need to get
some stuff hung up some curtains some
desk and you'll be all set
you don't know what a weird costume yeah
it used to be all yours yep what do you
well maybe you should just try it for
Britney has never tried Chinese food and
this is something that I've been dying
for her to just love because I love it
and we would enjoy so much time together
you just enjoyed it it's really good at
the restaurant it's still good but it's
gonna be softer like it's not as crispy
my baby fork truck
it was like fatty chicken well I think
you got a good bite then it's really
good if you yeah you mix it with rice um
Melissa she just dip in the red sauce
it's just right that's just spicy ones
chicken
there's tons of flavors Memphis I
thought it was gonna be
it's good isn't it it's like candy it's
so far future its Americanized Chinese
food so it's meant for us yeah and fresh
like we should go there and you should
eat Chinese a game it's all anybody
wants to do now what do you want to
pijama mamuh
is this how you to pop to her yeah looks
like a monster's been here oh nice
pop-tart city Britney's been running the
store today how's it going I mean
finally caught up
I thought we'd be caught up two days ago
see you later alligator
okay what did you do here Noah's nicely
eating these crackers does it make a
mess it's a mess from what five minutes
ago eat your snack so we can go to bed
what are you doing writing a lot of
checks a lot of choice we had five
people working this week down there hey
um you don't get a check I work today I
don't get a check reality check and I
are you a reality check or a rain check
on that show are you distracting me I
forgot all right here the tomorrow is
gonna be a fun day
Noah's got a birthday party a friend's
birthday party and then we are doing
Christmas at my grandma's my dad's mom
we always do it like the weekend before
so everyone can be there today you spent
hours oh my gosh guys here Elena I got
some exciting news you wanna hear it
okay it's super cool you want to hear it
it's dead
miss me miss me now you gotta kiss me
some pictures of Noah I can't we got you
dude that's you
are you sure oh oh yeah I don't know
Paul this is the classic guy's number I
told you I played a lot of SOCOM for
PlayStation 2 back in the day this is a
picture of Noah holding my SOCOM game
that ain't no happy child you guys
remember like four wasn't maybe three
four blogs ago I told you the story
about Noah stuffed animal RJ I'll just
bring it in here just bring it here we
were talking about in the vlog few days
ago and I told you it when I was on tour
I know six my mom used to send me
pictures of Noah and his he'd never let
it go so here's a couple photos Noah
with look how clean he is he looks
brand-new now he's you're looking pretty
rough that's definitely not the same kid
you're growing too fast oh yeah you
never let go that thing ever
basically I'm showing them pictures
because in the vlog we talked about how
he never let go of that thing and those
were photos that my mom sent me when I
was on tour on worked or I wasn't on
warped or no six so this is what's left
of him man still alive alright man so
now it's funny no slept in this room
because his room has like all the wind
from storms hits his room and it sounded
like the house is lifting off the ground
so I was like well sleep in the guest
room it's probably quiet now he's never
left and now it's just become your
bedroom we still got to switch the beds
this is still the
super month don't be
of course it's comfy I love you I love
you too ticklish Oh No
just go to sleep Wells quick we got the
boys right to bed
we team work it it's always me just tell
them no it'll lay down it's always her
putting Keane in a straitjacket and
chaining him to that's a joke by the way
relax I'm the same way though I can't go
to bed my sheet lady's with me and tucks
me in and anyway I love your socks
they're awesome
they're so awesome what do you want for
christmas this year
can't say me again if that ya ask me
something else
hang on your dad too much Hey all right
guys today the question is what do you
want for Christmas I know some you
probably me a lot of you probably don't
celebrate Christmas but for those that
you do what do you want for Christmas
this year
and I want for Christmas I've been told
him hard I know I'm hard to shop work
because I can't even think of anything I
don't know I have everything I guess
that I that I want need right here I was
talking about my computer it's right
there we're out of here
love you guys thanks for watching and
liking all these friggin blogs
why is this so soupy
