two beautiful beautiful settle out and I
don't know which way to go today to get
to where we're going as guys bumper
sticker says take fountain all right
we're taking fountain taking it it's got
to be like a sign right take fountain we
found fountain Mavs to the next block up
it's so weird
it seems as good a red as any I think
you should just roll with it yeah let's
just let's just see what happens if I
get an accident might be pissed at this
guy's bumper sticker welcome to
Hollywood
today we're hanging off the office and
looks like Joyce's rooms been turned
into our snack room look at all this
stuff like what they want us to gain so
much weight for holy crap
it's like irresistible snacks these guys
from out here but our mark is gonna be
in a different room so we all have to
hide this yeah
but we're doing this surveillance so
they can get that surveillance have a
better camera because this thinks
they're horrible cameras this one has a
great lens and a good look so when we
have when we put it on the movies it's
gonna have a better look this little
blinking light keeps the entire universe
our universe here together if all the
lights don't blink in sync we're screwed
this is timecode it's a single that the
editors use to match up all the cameras
that we have without timecode or lost
right well actually we're fine but it's
somebody else's job becomes a huge pain
in the ass mmm so at the office today
and that's fine that's fine then go
ahead finish up finish up probably needs
cleaning anyway oh that's good thank you
top to bottom all the way oh you got we
got so much off we got so much downtime
today and why do they keep hanging this
picture back up dude I take it down
every time I come here it's the most
horrifically sure in me and they didn't
even crop my hair out it's just like
this is almost as much as that time I
not chosen the dumpsters like a big
trash bag I ate for like days on that
this is pretty close to that gonna be
here at the office all day and that's it
we ran out of money so the movies
cancelled and that's jews√≠ going back on
the streets and I'm going back to Ohio
so peace
and all that's true if I don't land it
was all mine it was all alive we're
still making a movie we're still in
production I'm not going back to Ohio
face it and make it make an owl face no
the bullet isn't fatter it gets smaller
so I'm supposed to look beat-up can't
look beat up without a little blood so I
got my man from heart department
you're gonna bloody me up what are you
thinking just some sprinkles yeah some
fingerprints what dab it light you down
a little bit good luck very professional
very very very we're gonna make you look
good all right awesome rather runny
goodness goodness it's gonna hit me with
it I'm just gonna I like splat you Oh
rat tail you little bit oh he's got
tricks
dab it on you know I mean just like
maybe do like a spread depends on what
you want if you want I don't want to
look like a zombie like I need to look
like I just got in a fight okay
yeah there you go inside here call her a
little bit he's been killing it all
night every every every 10 minutes I
need to fix your blood I need to fix
your blood your teeth this should be a
good for tomorrow what should we do with
this ah all right
haters I'm gonna make a thumbnail for
you all right let's see what should I do
skateboard accident what should I call
this skateboard accident tell me I could
just be taller now let's get one kind of
candid you know I mean like your
oh yeah that's it was incredible
you know we scared the shit out of
that's what we did I can't ruin it today
camera today how does it get me like
that there's a camera right there
there's a camera up there there's one
over here there's a camera right here oh
there's a car chase drink it up
it's just keep on coming on this show
thank you for the bros yo you want to
race you want to race boy that camera
out of my face
go Danny beat my Ford y'all won't you do
us all a favor and drive that piece of
shit off a cliff we kid we kid we're
just joking
we're just joking guys you know we love
each other fun fact
fun fact are you ready for this one my
first CD I ever bought my first CD I
ever bought was in elementary school you
know what it was Alice Cooper Alice
Cooper the first CD I ever bought
which helps date you because you guys
see these anymore I know well at that
time it was like coolest thing in the
world I don't know what grade I was in I
had to be in hello sixth grade sixth
grade yeah but that's that's fun alright
guys we've just warped warped warped
into the night it's it's late we got
home late it was a long night of
shooting tomorrow's a long night to
issue all night for the movie and I just
want to thank you guys let's get really
personal real quick thank you guys for
the loyalty I see Roman soldier comments
popping up on a lot of video it's not
just my videos other people's videos
when I see that it's just like feels
great thank you guys for that I love you
we will see you tomorrow and thanks for
following along on these movie vlogs
we're excited to obviously get back to
Ohio Chase's just like he turns into
another human at night let's give it
let's give it up for chase - man he's
he's edits these vlogs every night now
so say I love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow thanks for all the love
if Cain knows I in this blog without it
he'll kill me smile so today we will be
taking over a liquor store with all this
stop what's up good morning
yeah yeah good
