good morning guys welcome to day nine of
natural born pranksters movie you may
remember this from my Instagram photo
when we scouted this location weeks and
weeks ago it's it sick t-rex Wow we
actually just got the location looks
like the crew is preparing for battle
today lots and lots of fun stuff who's
that guy so this is the Frank Sinatra
house this is Frank Sinatra's old house
and you're here you may remember this
from location scouting they are setting
up for our shoot morning guys it looks
like basically like we're shooting
another porno why does all our shoots
look like we're shooting porn maybe we
are making a porno I don't know that's a
beautiful hot so what's up dude you can
see we already got some so you guys are
gonna be smart now for the rest of your
life you're gonna know that if you see a
mirror it's a camera so there'd be a guy
inside this production box maybe already
in there oh look at that already set up
so you guys are gonna get a kick out of
this when you actually see the movie
because we're actually getting ready to
shoot one of the pieces to the intro of
the movie so when you see this location
you're gonna know that this is where we
filmed that intro so we're on day 9 of
this movie and I still honestly can't
get over how much work goes into each
day and how many people it takes to make
each day happen it's unbelievable and it
it's so different from what I'm used to
I'm really enjoying this a lot
so this is our wardrobe today for myself
Dennis and Vitaly it's always laid out
each day and we can pick out what we
want but I think you get the idea that
we're gonna be a character today which
is really fun for us sitting here
chillin with my moon boots you know sand
on V they call me V for vanilla and got
nuts it's me guys it's Roman outward
this is those days was so hard to tell
you guys what we're doing up we're
suiting up we're shooting a big scene
kind of for intro the movie and other
things but it's super exciting it's just
when you're waiting on marks that means
people are scheduled to come in for us
to pull a prank on that's how it works
people come in we pull the prank so
you're always on a timeframe so right
now we're just waiting waiting for that
yeah you guys excited for today or what
yes sir look like a Russian director and
the director action camera son we just
wrapped on our first bit it was
absolutely a blast you kill me look
funny there's so much fun playing this
god man playing this character is
hilarious
I'm get that lunch on boys I got an
interesting lunch today what is this
technically lamb lamb and beef I don't
know what this is moorland looks great
we have literally been here all day man
all day the Sun is setting we still got
more to shoot I love this place man what
are you working on up here hidden in the
rock shop these guys are the best at
hiding families hey baby
I didn't know you were coming today I
had no idea you were coming today
so fun dude is she so fun do you
introduce it oh boy big boy big boy TV
people radio network legend power 106
hello legend hey Ben I'm not gonna open
right here right here say it
I got Frank surprise for you all media
you guys got something real check this
out it's not a prank
tonight I'm talking about this one it's
asleep
we'll see you in the morning when you
give a shout-out to your soldiers and
stuff end of the day no nobody was hurt
everything's safe forget all this shit
they got a pack up and put away whoo
that ain't even all of it
say hi hi what are we doing
these are baby dominoes check these out
my brother if you guys watch the vlogs
like if you've watched them for a long
time then you know my brother started up
basically a factory that makes the
Domino's in Ohio where we live and he
sent me his newest dog they're like
dominos but they're tiny like a little
there this is a normal Domino how cool
is that push them push it no push it
woohoo so we decided to run out chase
went with Dennis and we're bringing to
gram on Hollywood she's never been the
Hollywood all kinds of look-alikes and
costumes and cool stuff you're always
this is always an entertaining spot
so we made it we stopped we parked we're
gonna go eat some food what do you think
you know who these people are
see you know all the names I don't even
know it's awesome
I know Alabama country country group
Miles Davis we decided to come to BW 3
tonight it's really loud in here really
loud I think the game's wrong yeah so
I'm trying to figure out what I want to
order screaming huh praise them way too
big of a sissy for that
thirty-four you killed me we played a
half game I played it ever since I was a
little kid the claw it's the button when
you want to alright guys we're back home
that's all I got for you today check it
out I think I'm gonna be I think I'm
gonna be cane cane for Halloween this is
all it takes
hoodie knife mask you can be cane Atwood
now I put a picture on Instagram of that
anyway guys that is gonna do it for
today thanks for coming along and
supporting and always liking these vlogs
tomorrow we have a production meeting in
the morning and then we're off for
Halloween so we are going to have a lot
of funds well so of course I'll bring
you along I love you guys do you like
the I mean I'm gonna ask this again do
you like these vlogs better when I'm
just hold the camera or do you like when
Chase is filming with the camera you
want to end the vlog with me tell me in
the comments guys I love you don't
forget keep a smile on your face you're
awesome you're one of a kind smile more
