what's up guys it's day two of our movie
and it's early this is how I get
motivated when women air Marshall
Mathers Slim Shady chase knows what's up
the cameraman knows what's up it's not
just got to the office
we are preparing for street pranks she
was packing up in boxes miscellaneous
equipment and dog crews gonna hop in
them vans bro we got some big vans so
today we'll be out on the streets as
police officers fortune I can't tell you
what we're doing but I can say it's
something I wanted to do for three years
I'm excited just hit my pants bro
and then you black out the staples you
guys ready to be cops today or what
let's be cops let's be cops we are in
the band we're headed downtown to shoot
some of our first pranks of this movie
yo I want to thank Dennis metalia
forgetting he's sick on day 2 filming
this movie I woke up with the scratch
Dennis has been sick and last week
Talley was sick I had apologized
I'm gonna give the chase I'm gonna make
it my whole crews gonna be down by the
Louise this every single person you see
walking here is part of our crew
unbelievable make sure you guys know and
to where to be and where to stand did
this gun looks fucking terrible Brava
put all the pieces are birkoff what if
somebody notices that the guns
completely fake go dude your guns fake
okay is it fake
because these are worth it for you to
determine those fake yeah if you want to
make that decision right now we can go
that route
you got a great cop boys Cowboys just
wrong okay good Venice's wideness be
strong I know I look like a pussy we
decided we need to be a unit one I
certainly never thought I would be
driving and a van full of crew members
to go film a movie in this beautiful
city of Los Angeles do we have so many
people on this crew it's
it makes me blush I got show inheres
alarm stand up and I actually think
about it
how you doing Jordan Mike Mike Mike
yes shits about to go down
I don't even know until right now yo did
you notice that they're just wood blocks
where the clips are dude no one would
ever know if I'd even notice
that's real behind-the-scenes shit right
there wood block clips I'll be right
here everything's going pretty well
today we just need more we need more
that's that's that isn't that is
pranking is you just need more always
more if you think you have enough keep
going because you can always have too
much clips you can't have not another
place that's just that's just basic math
you'd like so you want to get into it I
mean but what I'm saying may they look
like a hobo but understand basic
this is what real officers look like
cops still though how they wear this
shit every day I give them mad props
this is lesson learned for making cops
got a tough job you know for everybody
stuff job and and we both pulling pranks
though today was actually exhausting to
me like I was up late and I had to get
up earlier than usual but I'm exhausted
the Sun is starting to set but we still
have about 30 minutes left
dennis is out doing his part and dennis
is off trying to get some reactions and
you see the gap day behind this camera
bro it's been I actually figured a lot
of things out like sticking good focus I
think I got it dialed I got down how
good do these vlogs look with him
running this camera dude I'm addicted
I'm addicted the quality oh that's fun
get all these different guys a protein
from different angles I know guys how's
my hair baby is it rocks very good yo
good job guys good job today
whoo got one of one of what five vans
four vans today so many people I can't
even believe that
we're gonna go Phil chase and I are
gonna go film tonight we're not stopping
we're not quitting I don't care if I'm
sleepwalking
we got a yo are we filming tonight we've
got a pretty cool video we're gonna do
tonight how's your day what is this
little black dress grandma's phone that
your son Veronica sent me that's my son
just sent it to me missed my little
canners we are about to go film some
scary stuff guys the star is all right
let's do it
listen to take over Hollywood bro famous
we're sure might go back there okay turn
around
this is probably the youngest prankster
on YouTube right now oh yeah
high five he's uh he's still two years
old and he's gonna attempt to pop out
and scare some people but the best part
is is that he's gonna be really scary he
has a big knife look let me see it's
plastic
just because I know a lot of people why
would you give caring tonight it's just
plastic I know what's awesome you know
it's funny is I was doing all of this
today but I was in his position hmm now
I'm behind the scenes all right guys we
just walked into the apartment we're
gonna call it a night we worked really
hard tonight we only got a helpful
reactions this is gonna it's probably
gonna take more than one night I don't
know we are gonna kill it with this new
video of Cain that's one of a kind
probably the only prank with a
two-year-old in it and starring in it
I'll try to have that up as soon as
possible and that's it I love you guys
thanks for hanging out today we will see
you tomorrow for day three of making of
the movie smile more we've got a big
trampoline net
you get the idea I get the idea
