yo yo what up guys good morning yeah my
snack for the day
peanuts alright let's get this day
started huh hit it in the office we're
on day six six more days guys six more
freaking days I cannot wait to get on
the streets so tired of being in the
office I'm not built i'm not designed
for office work i'm designed to be on
the streets that's what i like to do i
like to be around people and confuse
them it's interesting interesting career
dude anyway hope your day is rockin i
hope you're having a great freaking day
i'm just really excited guys this is
this is a lifetime dream of mine coming
true
very shortly you're coming with me i got
some big plans i can't wait to tell you
what they are i'm gonna wait a few days
a couple days to tell you what's going
to happen so alright so i have this
remote mouse so app you can download on
your phone
because they have thick fuck you man
that boy any wonder then would we get
your old ass computer upgrade computer
that's why you guys opposed to me people
Beca what up guys I left my SD card from
my camera jeez it's loud I'm actually
using the GoPro to blog right now we're
going to lunch it's already lunchtime
please call the flame broiler
hot sauce magic sauce hot sauce what a
beautiful sunset mm just getting out of
the office gonna head out we are going
out tonight James and Holly's last night
they're gonna head out they're gonna do
some traveling and I got Noah Noah
coming out so I'm excited excited hair
is getting so long dude you too I love
your shirt so we're gonna go out to I
think we're gonna go try to go back to
the arcade but a different one I don't
know if we're on the same one because we
all put we all put money on our cards to
play games but we got we had to leave if
you guys remember and you look awesome
you look awesome too you look awesome
too
I'm ready you guys ready this is round
two of trying to be little kids we just
want to play a games it's all going with
you it's much this great night to come
it's very quiet practically have the
place to ourselves
Cana always get so lucky
probably just made a quick run to get
some tacos there dollar tacos dollar
tacos $1 yeah yeah Malik showed up
what's up oh we're gonna have a quick
drink eat some tacos and go play more
games push this trigger no right here
all right we gotta beat mommy yeah you
got it
okay what do you have to do I just
okay nice catch dude all right
it's like purge night out here there's
no butter so quiet we're just leaving
the arcade had a blast
a rat we're back into the blown-up
apartment tons of stuff everywhere we
are calling a night we're back gonna
edit we're gonna upload sleep gonna
repeat it tomorrow all right guys thanks
for hanging out with us today we will
see you tomorrow thanks for being
positive here your comments have been
great I love you we'll see the boss B
why are you walking like that oh yeah
they're trying to wag the tail that you
don't have hi bugs me hi bud
did you miss me
