what's up guys this is by far the
earliest I've been up in a long time
oh because of this guy actually really
really pretty outside it's only 60
degrees outside what's josh's I guess
it's pretty cool ready for school today
we're gonna open all the mail tonight
yeah yeah no is the pump you guys sent
so much mail so we're finally going to
while we're home in Ohio we're gonna try
to open all that mail it should be fun
yeah it's gonna take us all night get
that bag on boy I did I love you so much
I'll see you in a bit
you
recharge recharge I just slept for like
three and a half I did I'm not gonna lie
took note of school went back passed out
I just maybe drank too much last night
or just didn't sleep enough I don't know
I'm going to get know announced we're
gonna start this day pretty much
how was school din he's good wasn't fun
come on schools always a blast huh
you're working on doing your homework on
the way home that is smart that is
really smart hitting the store to grab
some essentials for the house we were
out of a lot of things we don't need to
get much do you miss your brother are
you so off guys all right
I got our essentials really almost
nothing we actually need it except know
we needed milk and chicken and broccoli
for dinner I'm down for that
but these two are what really interests
me she's home made who is it it's Kane
the girls have been hard at work wow
that looks good
good throw these came in today I don't
know if you guys remember at VidCon we
did the 3d scans we just got them in the
mail they're actually really cool this
is me vlogging I wish it would focus but
this are the figures of me and Brittany
this is her actually pretty cool
what's up guys good morning I hope
you're having a great day Britney and
Jeff's made homemade all just maybes no
credit to you anyway they don't really
look like pretzels but they taste
exactly like pretzels and I made I love
it Jess I'm sure people are gonna want
this recipe so I don't know where you
get it alright guys as promised today
we're gonna hit the fan mail and I've
got special guest my mom and dad and my
brother and his wife are all gonna help
us unravel these mystery boxes should be
fun let's just drag them out we're just
carrying stuff out preparing for battle
we should have wore suits for this we
should all dressed we should all dressed
in suits the best fans in the world man
Aloha Roman thanks for sharing your life
and pranks with us respect greetings
from the Netherlands meal
get some sleep it says happiness is a
sunny day yep alright guys so I'm
putting this mail vlog in this vlog if
you don't want to watch the mail boy
just skip past it but I know a lot of
you guys want to see what we got I know
we do so here we go let's get it started
what do you think is in there
you want open window yeah just like you
guys just made this Christmas morning
for all these kids bacon popcorn who's
it from
Mathias Mathias thanks for cutting our
thanks for the bacon popcorn dude
all right so star fingerboarding sent us
a bunch of I guess they're custom tech
decks which is awesome they look they
look really cool so I'm sure we're gonna
have fun with this thanks guys
Hunter these are Swedish Fish Louisiana
Transformers and Wolverine did ty hook
Kane up with them with a bear hammock
for stuffed animals
it looks like Zeus up with some chew
toys awesome thanks ty it's comin out of
Canada and he sent you he's from Serbia
and he sent you chocolate-covered
coconut candies one for each of you
loves your channel quite the inspiration
to them really cool that's awesome
what's in it what is Justin from
Australia send rubberband middle
bracelet
boys toys and more towards jump in this
this is this is the work of art there's
something else in there
oh it's cool though YouTube just need to
Kane oh my it's a for Zack Weston and
Greenlee Colorado might want to open it
it's probably jumping beans inside
thanks Zack Zack hooked it up she loved
your fish tank her dad has one just like
it
well she made an awesome envelope Wow
I would like came to save you you sign
for each amid signs for everybody's room
in the Atwood house that's cool that's
creative yeah I love it okay this guy
this guy Patrick got tired of waiting on
us to release smile more phone cases
that he actually made of himself and
they actually look really cool Patrick
Patrick from Australia we got a lot of
Australia fans that's Australia yep
he made his own smile more cases he's
got tired of waiting on us so I'm gonna
try it out right now oh it was this
wrong okay Charlie he's the owner of
this clothing company and vessel yeah
yeah positive message first clothing his
dreams ever sink he like he loves like
your
awesome well shirts look great I would
actually wear every single one of those
thanks dude what's his name Russell
Charlie Charlie thanks charlie thanks
for hooking it up these are all these
are really nice did you just open
balloons who's it from dude and some
people just didn't put names on it
I'm sorry I just don't see names on all
these no there's nothing who's this from
it's all a bunch of goodies in there
more sweetest fish it's a report must be
you Senate why you guys have no idea
what it is
coconut organics after learning that
Roman you're a coconut ban just want to
see some organic coconut goodies I'm a
huge fan of your prints watch every vlog
being a new parent with a one year we're
one year old it's fun to see me see you
and your family having fun together so
it's his company it's his company
coconut organics
oh my oh yeah these are parents oh my
gosh is coconut bacon there's no like it
it is coconut bacon exact mix pull the
coconut stuffing Congrats on your new
baby that's that's fun these are the
balloons you guys sent I want your
pranks vlogs every time a new one comes
out make them smile every day hope you
can enjoy the sign I handcrafted for you
play soccer like Noah trying to stick to
it he will learn some awesome life
lessons while playing that's cool thanks
Sarah you can put that in your room dude
that's cool so what's the odds that one
person sent a random pump and somebody
randomly sent balloons that's pretty
easy oh no way
is this from
it's a whole small more cut out of wood
it's Wyatt and I am 13 I'm a huge man I
have been watching their videos for
about a year and two months oh you see
if he really made this by himself
I'm truly impressed because it matches
right here man
oh yeah that good
sorry deal that might just be its spot
right there what was his name
Wyatt do good job man if you really made
that 13 press what is this who's this
from thanks fill up for the fart bombs
dude
so Justin Burch Burke Justin Burke sent
us two giant bags of ping pong balls I
have no idea why but they look fun I
think we should dump him off the balcony
yeah but if you take a selfie it'll say
love ya all right so this is evil
threads and they sent us some t-shirts
so I like that tank tops pretty huh evil
thread if you want some of their shirts
they actually sink a soldier discount
code of smile more there you go what is
it it is bracelet hailey show yeah I
think my dad will appreciate this one
look at this bracelet no way that's
pretty cool did they do that on a
plastic printer I don't know I don't
know is there anything that came with
that Noah it was made with a 3d printer
that's awesome it made with code team
made with code no but there's no name or
anything on it unfortunately I'd like to
know who sent it
now there'll be a hundred comments
saying I'm the one that sent you the
blue bracelet yeah all right so this
one's from Alex mark call Oh so I hope
my favorite my color so it's a big box
broken glass stickers when she do this
to your mom she would literally fall for
it in her new car let's say one of the
kids through I'm gonna use this on
Brittany's mom oh that's funny
you should take that to school did
packets came the soccer ball and Zeus
the tennis ball all right the mole house
this one's coming in from Angelo that's
creative you've already started the war
you're no I you're awesome you're a
great job on your soccer season you did
a great job this one this guy Justin
made a smile more sign but on the back
he actually has a rare picture of me
that a lot of you guys haven't seen so
that's a good photo actually I mean
who's it from
how does that feel any wrong look Locker
Luke Lucky Luke he also drew a portrait
of our family
this one's from Simon what in a wild
Christmas wrapping it's double wrapped
this is what we need no it's from
definitely out of the country
so Simon sent tons of candies from his
country which I don't know where this is
from
I'm guessing Singapore no you know
that's for a long
okay so we're guessing Norway because
the the candy bags actually have Norway
printed on them so thanks Simon
well no is digging it
Norway chocolate oh we have infinite
tech decks now those are I've never even
seen those in a birthday card I mean
when was my birthday
okay who's this from yeah okay
like they gotta be they look like cigars
yeah premium cigars some Oh someone
trying to dictate this tobacco yeah I
slew that I mean I don't know anything
about cigars at all but they look really
nice
let's look at Eddie Ortega wait that's
the name on the box
oh my god Ortega pretty good cigars all
right here's what I'm gonna do with
these well they're all different sizes
there's no I'm gonna do these I'm gonna
take them out for my movie and I'm gonna
put them on our sets and I'm gonna let
when we have celebrities in for the
movie I'm gonna offer them a cigar it's
pretty awesome awesome thanks Shelby
hello absolutely love your painting it's
beautiful we're gonna have small more
stuff to the wall this is another one
from Norway stamps are cool they like
their chocolate lots more candy to try
from around the world teen years old
from Norway awesome fan I can't wait to
read all these letters can take forever
to read all these letters all dibble
another one from Virginia I turn into
Tom I love your blogs and I'm 11 years
old we should do the whole upstairs just
in fancy me one of these eyes maybe a
baby
yeah that kid made me famous one day
pertaining he'll be like I got one
reason no one I just found it a fashion
label called keenest
rock king this he sent stickers in his
shirts oh that's cute brochures thanks
103 he's 19 and he's an entrepreneurs
that's actually really nice sure thanks
dude good luck with your ventures
I'll put I'll put one of your stickers
on my laptop
you guys always see alright this is Jake
Jake Bauer I'm a sanic skateboard DVD
okay more tekneqs
horrible day it's a marble bench for the
tech guys let's go sing this package
from Las Vegas you guys in close to a
load well let's just do there dump it
right here
I love drinks Oh Jane come here fourth
is cane face USB charger gumballs
jawbreakers goldfish okay now it's your
forties calm you're gonna wanna say
Booya oh yeah sit again oh yeah one more
time oh yeah oh it's a blank yeah
I just got a tweet that said I hope you
liked this memoir blanket you just got a
tweet the latest postal mail we should
hang that downstairs in the smart store
hey Ken come here says I smile more
because I'm a Roman soldier oh this
camera on a lighter but I guess you just
got let me speak one jewel Sampson 16
years old that's awesome I get so you
can put anywhere yes you are the smile
in the middle bringing brightness to the
world that's you way comes from Curtis
strong to Ohio small suburbs
so defeat some to smile more graffiti
graffiti this is from Derek in New York
Oh Austin Matthew
it's called courageous and it's from the
creators and fireproof about drawing
from Joseph black a bunch from the UK oh
this is it's SPS glad you love the
bubble wrap
Ready Set who is that that's awesome
this is gonna have a whole bucket
look somebody's in Japan alright these
are from Claudia Claudia please show in
your next video though I guess they're
stickers but they're cool
all their badges that light up check
them out oh they're bright is Fric this
no weight on your neck Iceland says open
very carefully
I know okay here's chocolate from
Iceland now they don't work chocolate
plant Eisley I'm gonna start packing
candy a Jesuit races yes that's from her
Iceland and it's like this jello shots
like a jello shot but I think it's as
candy for kids
it's a trainer you trippin days not like
eating a jellyfish it's like salty well
but not sweet Missy like yellow but with
no flavor yeah another one from Las
Vegas Andrew comes out I'll check it out
his name's Andrew he's a music producer
in Las Vegas maybe there's some music I
can use for my videos in here
he's crazy I'm a soldier on a sword what
do we do smile more these are light
lunch Porto Rican chocolates how many
different parts
wow that's cool here we go
we got chocolate from around the world
literally full-blown hell's out where do
you fly to tomorrow
Spokane Washington oh he's going to
Washington tomorrow oh he's out here
he's got to go thanks for coming over
thanks for helping kids are wired on
chocolate Dave and his daughter Megan
sends us another dog toy I'm just gonna
have to make a basket for all the fans
dog toys the rod sends us five cent
$0.10 20 cent 50 cent $1 and $2
Australian coins thanks rod thanks rod
I'm headed Australia babe me and he drew
a portrait of Britney and I which I look
stunning by the way alright so for Derek
Russell your package was just found in
that room and he wants to know if Molly
Smith will go to prom with him this year
Somali you got some answer to do girl I
hope I hope you get it like it's nice
this isn't a cheesy ask out this is this
was the last
all right I think this is a good place
to stop for now we we got the big stuff
and some of the little stuff what's left
is a lot a lot a lot a lot of letters
that we will get to but it's not gonna
happen tonight I got to get the kids to
bed my parents are gonna leave and they
fly out tomorrow morning so I come home
my whole family leaves that's that's how
we roll our lifes are so busy you got
Gilroy here I think we're gonna play
some battlefield hopefully battlefield
it's not boring it brah hey you like
cigars thank you guys from the bottom of
my heart you you made everyone's night
the kids were wired on toys and
chocolate and and you name it so we
definitely appreciate yeah it was it was
a lot of fun it's time for bed you want
a hug did you get a lot of cool stuff
tonight hey can you say oh yeah can you
say yep there is literally stuff
everywhere in the entire house now of
what just happened guys if I missed your
name or I missed your package I'm really
sorry it was really hectic it was there
were so many people here and I feel like
it wasn't the way I wanted to do this
but it was fun for the family and
everyone he had a blast so that being
said everyone had fun so I'm sorry if I
did miss your name all right now it's
some some Roman in Gilroy time what kind
of drinking won't bra do you need to ask
I have I really know how much I have
Corona
I have whipped
I have Daniels I have some stuff that
Brittany's mom brought over I don't know
if this stuff is this
cheers Cheers
- um not given any - whatever what our
viewers gonna complain about now I don't
know what are you guys gonna talk about
now here's what I say cheers sand no F's
given what other people think
I think we should we need to start we
need to start fake stuff so there are
comments I can imagine I think last week
I don't think my videos would add any
comments if it wasn't for me I want to
thank the guy that really sent me a real
Australian like when I opened that I
honestly thought it was real is like
holy crap they're so colorful
I'm big but turns out you just right now
it's I think going through the grocery
store they'll be like money does she
yeah where's that from
alright we pretty much did nothing but
play battlefield I don't think any of us
got a kill all night it's like it was
like zero and a hundred oh my god I went
to 12,000 you can't take all my cigars
bro you can't take all my cigars I had a
swear on my life
dude you should take them and the Lord
just saw the comments are like fjc took
your cigars
we got your friend I'm not making I'm
not making father trolls I'm just
feeding them yeah because they hungry
the master pimp right I could graduate
to the master prank black D this is
where you start I don't know I don't
know alright guys I'm actually gonna end
my vlog right now I'll see you tomorrow
thanks for hanging out and the mail was
amazing thank you everybody this
anything if you want to send some of
course the pure boxes in the description
but I can't guarantee when I'm gonna get
it I do have to go to LA on Sunday for a
long time but I love you guys thank you
I'll see you tomorrow we're gonna do
something fun right
yeah yeah let's Bluff even though we
hate each other
I guess I'll hang out with you alright
guys love you keep a smile on your face
smile more red solar flare
