all right guys here we go we are my film
production that puts three weeks so we
are on our way to Ohio to surprise Noah
yeah I know it has no idea we're coming
we are out of here
yeah thanks I'm gonna get yours
we are of course super late and it's
super busy and I couldn't be more
excited today this was very last minute
it was like one hour we were like
alright we're booking our flights and we
made it happen so I'm pretty sure Noah's
gonna flip be in the vlog
you're the biggest fan oh yeah biggest
ever the worst part about the airport I
can't express how hard it's been to get
to this point the lady said we were too
late to check our bags and then somebody
let us check them anyway but they said
it might not make it on our flight so we
may have nothing
there's suitcases when we land but we
are getting on this plane at least King
carries his own suitcase he won't let
nobody carrier it's his we were all
supposed to sit separate which was gonna
be a nightmare but the lady just got a
seating all together boom as hard as
it's been it's all working out for one
step closer to seeing now
actually feels like a while since I've
been on a plane I used to be on planes
every week every week now it's like Cain
loves playing my Cain loves planes he's
a poet didn't know can't wait to see
Noah's face man
this is all vanilla he's gonna be speech
but he's not even gonna know what to do
it's gonna be like
the best places ever take up
certainly our pleasure to welcome you to
Columbus Ohio where approximate local
time is 606 place remains he didn't stop
after his brother aircraft on these last
ones on last ones off hey hey wait for
daddy
we're getting close hopefully our
hopefully our luggage makes it otherwise
they're gonna have to ship it to our
house but we're in Ohio and it's sunny
you know hi oh it's sunny 90 and
probably humid I'm happy to be here no
complaints and we're closer to getting
to Noah is that my mom and dad's house
Brittany's mom is here to pick us up and
take us there I think this is the
longest you've ever been away from your
mom Matt that was the longest yeah now
it's been almost two almost a month for
you right Wow times fly no you're in
Ohio and everything's closed at six
o'clock
nobody's at the airport okay Kane's gone
peace he saw Brittany's mom and he's
gone I'm just gonna stand here and film
this
alright we're on our next step we it's
beautiful here it's super humid though
like wet come on naina
I definitely miss Ohio's roads look at
this I can just I can just get wherever
I want to go at any time
just drive I don't think la is even
heard of 60 miles per hour that's like
okay we just got to my mom and dads we
are ready to surprise Noah yeah let's go
get him just just go and open them going
I'll save it we should just go home
Thanks surprise surprise surprise that a
good surprise
sunny bunny out here looks like you're
staying with me this week you know hard
you know how hard it was for me
yesterday to be on the phone and not
tell you I was coming alright dude was
that a surprise or what did you blow
your mind
oh we're on our way to our house funny I
don't remember the last time I was
actually home we got a bunch of people
actually waiting on us I got a notice
the new one you excited to see Zeus how
big were the waves he's talking about
the big waves we went hey hey hey
are you hey dude Monza's hey what's up
dude you already worn out today or what
all right baby
he was here aunt Bea's here she's been
killing it probably right the orders
have been just got done half-hour ago
so for everyone getting your orders at
smile or store this is the only reason
you're getting them right there and
she's Parian and she's carrying a new
baby you know I know I've been gone long
when when I left you weren't showing at
all and now you have a whole life form
inside she freaking chase man he's
always he's always causing trouble so
although I haven't been home for a long
time we agreed to keep monster 1 and
monster two all night you're stuck with
me
you guys look really comfy man
Oh smiley boy smile
so what'd you think when I got here
today what were you thinking when I open
the door
they're listening of anything always
thought over was it a good surprise did
you expect it
I missed the aquarium so much guys you
have no idea
do you miss the fishies you miss the
fishies hmm all right guys we've warped
into the night all the kids are in bed
finally now it wasn't that bad
thanks for coming along today guys it
was so such a good feeling to be able to
come here last minute and surprise the
family know especially it was so worth
it so we're actually gonna stay here for
about a week and then it's back to LA
for um actual production on the film so
here we go let's do this I hope to just
kick back this week and recharge kind of
kind of restart my mind a little bit
before this movie so it may be it may be
a little more laid back but still gonna
do some fun stuff half the family in
there and try to entertain yeah we love
you thanks for coming along again and
thanks for always showing your support
and positivity in these comments we will
see you tomorrow for sure I'm not gonna
miss it smile more guys smama smama well
I'll just end it
no you hang up what are you hang up no
you hang up
that's the fun of it No
