hey guys I need your help there's this
dude in his underwear chase me around my
apartment what's up guys thanks for
coming back again today we are going to
get some food that's what humans do we
eat too much food
Kane fell asleep he is completely asleep
he fall asleep yeah yep he's asleep and
he won't even smile pulled in this
parking garage and this dude's like you
can't park here you can't park here this
dude just subscribed right save and I'm
like lost for words Jesus I'm shaking
and then he put us right up front
really this is our spot that's what's up
just give this to the guy when you
brought on thank you I remember not long
ago pulling a prank with Stevo on the in
this alley and we took the alley because
Stevo gets recognized so much and at the
end of the alley there's actually
paparazzi taking photos of him I was
just thinking how crazy it must be to be
that famous we are back in the Hollywood
area looking for somewhere to eat we're
making sure we're making a terrible
mistake right now terrible mistake
right here we go I feel like I haven't
done a food blog for days
I got me a big spicy mustard brah
Brittany got her fancy little chicken
boneless kids meal kids meal man got
some corn dogs and oranges
and then we got our healthy and we got
some healthy celery right there baby
give me five give me eight all this food
I got mustard on my camera
all right stuffed out of my mind I can't
even hardly breathe it's so busy in
Hollywood right now it's Friday for us
so it's just crazy busy with Kane
getting through them crowds --is it's
quite the adventure always really makes
your mom your mother and father
instincts kick in
hard buying another cane we had to come
to store and get a new cane because ours
was wearing out so we got a new one here
and he seems to be just like the other
hand hmm
all right cane I got a serious question
for you okay
do you want a pet tiger you want a pet
tiger you do you're missing a set of
whiskers
are you gonna be kitty cat loose in the
apartment I'm gonna take him down he's
trapped all right guys before I forget
cuz I'm like I think I'm three days
behind on this this vlog camera giveaway
so let's do it right now let's see I
told you guys last week I told you guys
last week that I was gonna give away my
last vlog camera my last broken vlog
camera and that's exactly what we're
gonna do right now is this yeah yeah
making sure wasn't blurry I got some
kind of weird oil on my lens and I've
been spinning about ten minutes trying
to get it off it's still on there but
it's not too bad you can still see a
haze okay okay we on the vlog Channel
with a community and then we hit fans
all right guys are you ready for the
winner of the busted-up block camera I
don't know why you guys want this so bad
but I figured out if you hit it right
here yeah oh yeah look it goes back to
normal yeah this is the most active user
this week I use my laptop and it looks
like a picture of our Justine I used my
laptop you are the most active viewer
this week I'm sending you the camera
I need a direct message from you here
send me your dress all love to you man
or woman I don't know there is no good
contest on my channel ever
time it's hard because number two what
about the number two guy or the number
three this sucks
so I'm just sticking to my original
which is the number one that's to get it
wowsers so direct message me dude or
chick
all right canes asleep Lee this place
man
he's just like a ticking time bomb all
right guys I'm gonna go ahead and set a
world record for the shortest vlog today
I've really got nothing for you tonight
and I have way too much to do to be
sitting here just boring you guys so I'm
gonna cut it off now I hope you guys had
a fantastic day I love you and I will
see it it was fast like lightning all
right guys I love you thanks for your
support
try to please understand that I'm just
busy with so many things to make every
day so exciting for you I love ya
he's never seen
