I'll be back buddy
I'll be back buddy good morning guys
just walking to meet my producer for the
movie at a quick restaurant gonna grab
some quick food and just start the day
it's kind of getting a late start
putting up the new prank and the vlogs
blah blah blah ah here we are McDonald's
psych I mean eating McDonald's for
forever I can't even remember the last
time actually we're eating at Rocco's
Rocco's Italian kitchen just warped
through a little bit of my day and
picked up Britney and little Kanner's
Kenny ACK hurricane candy cane sugar
cane
yeah just pick them up and we are headed
you're looking at a very tired version
of Roman Atwood I am exhausted no energy
every time I put up a prank analog it
just kills me not complaining all good
problems ever gonna do our normal
routine grab some food before you never
ever go grocery shopping without eating
first even if it's just something just
eat something Brittany loves Jersey
Mike's and I already ate stuff to the
hardware store and got a grocery getter
that's right
tired of carrying groceries upstairs no
more this is gonna do the trick I got us
a grocery getter yes we'd have to make
five trips nots what I called it I named
it just come out with grocery jitters
it's what it's like trying to grocery
shop in LA every spots full on the
parking lots fall it's like waiting for
a concert its tan above it's alright
let's go fight this fight I feel like we
need weapons and spears and shields to
come into these stores really is it just
me
it's my Ohio it's my Ohio boy and me no
more crybaby poopy pants time to get
some shopping done
are you going
see dude water like out of the toilet ha
ha ha I said seeing dog food really
makes me miss Zeus I know he's got he's
got he's got a friend now he's got a bow
so they're playing they're having a good
time but this definitely makes me miss
this see if we can find a Zeus on any of
these packages do you ever just look at
cat litter and think that cats are just
gonna poop all over inside that never
just look at toilet paper and just know
that people are just gonna poop all over
it like this roll of tooth this roll
toilet paper is gonna have poop on it
crazy this is a great spot for up for a
pole you know that wasn't so bad
ok I just had a girl on camera doors on
I don't have never ever done this I've
no idea well guess it just slips wait oh
my gosh how do you get that in there
though this is got bad news written all
over it
you just duct tape door sure that's been
already already burnt I didn't even
touch it
here's just another
feels like it's just gonna fall off
again mine handyman yeah it's real
grease that's that's real grease on my
hands it's not I don't know if ever seen
recently
so we're been cool I'm really not doing
much of anything I've been trying to
practice my juggling I try to do like 10
minutes once a week a cane every time I
I touch these he'll jump at me oh yeah
okay we're making some popcorn for a
competition who can do it best
all right don't you have some secret on
one popcorns done you sit and listen to
the Pops it can be here top and then you
can counts one two in between pops it's
done take it out soon as you get really
what's it yeah let's just see how it
works
are you listening there won't be any
burnt pieces or in barely any kernels
okay so we got three plates with popcorn
we're all gonna have a little
competition here yeah your muscles out
okay let's go
birdie worked out today so uh okay the
goal is you have to do push-ups you have
to see how many pieces of popcorn you
can get with your tongue like two or
three that counts yeah I have to go down
once but you can get as many on your
tongue as you can I'm gonna try yeah -
you - oh you can do better than that
Wow you make it look easy I think he
already beat me okay your turn you gonna
do a push-up yeah do push-ups
look at mommy go well you're eating your
hair I think there's actually rules to
that game but we just did it for fun hmm
that's silly being silly see
all right guys for those of you that
made it to the end of this vlog and it
was kind of a laid-back day hung out
with Brynn and Kane and we just we just
did our thing and I brought you along
not always exciting but this is this is
my life welcome to it I uh I got a
little surprise for you if you made it
to the end of this vlog I have another
vlog camera that I'm gonna give away and
yesterday's vlog that gave away a vlog
camera and today I'm gonna give away
another and I showed you yesterday how
that's gonna happen the most active user
on this channel is getting the vlog
camera and I'm gonna give it away in one
week I love you guys I will see you
tomorrow don't forget as always to smile
more no matter what through thick and
thin keep the smile on your face it's
beautiful and you look awesome when you
do it I love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow
smile more we are walking towards the
rooftop pool to shoot some scenes got
our scripts we're all in character and
we do not have permission to be here
so we're running and gunning
