good morning guys I hope you enjoyed
coming along to LA we are off to North
Carolina now hang out with the family
and enjoy little surfing
thanks so much
here we go crazy airport I'm so one of
the hardest things about leaving the LA
Airport is trying to find food because
there's always lines everywhere guys two
flights today to Charlotte to Virginia I
think and then a two-hour drive to the
beach let's do this
oh my god all right guys do you want
music this time last time you guys
complained I didn't put music in my
flight all right I'll give you music
here you go here we go here we go let's
make it fun let's make it really fun
alright guys just landed in Charlotte
and had a complete desperation I got
Burger King I hate fast food but I've
had Burger King in probably two and a
half years I'm kind of excited about it
this place is jammin man there's so many
people here I have one more flight to
Norfolk boom alright guys I'll be
driving I'll be driving faster the rest
of the alright guys I got one more
flight headed to Norfolk and then I
gotta hop in a rental car and drive like
two hours to the house that I'm staying
at with my family so I'm headed there
now
one more flight you got to come with me
one more one more flight alright so I
just sat on the plane and look
somebody left swedish fish on the floor
I'm
thank you all right guys we landed we
made it gotta pick up our baggage and
get our rental car hopefully that goes
smooth
you know how badass is this bike oh my
gosh if I go anywhere with this thing
what's up bro what's in my blog man yeah
you fan or what all right man I'll get
my rental car Michael hooking it up now
let me ask you a question sure
how did I do my time well that's a good
one but can I play board games in this
car absolutely man yeah doesn't do a lot
of people do that you know I'm gonna
wear that but if they do I'm sure the
cars come back different yeah they
definitely come back different okay so I
got my keys to rental car but I have no
idea where to go all these are rental
cars all right I found it if you ever
have to do that just walk around and
keep hitting your your your lock button
and the car will light up that's how
that's how cheesy I find it it's a just
a great car yeah alright guys so it's
already 10:00 1017 p.m. and I've got a
three hour drive which puts being around
one mmm that sounds fun haha alright so
I had to stop and get some like driving
a central's like a jack so I can listen
to music rock out because I need
something to keep me awake I'm beat
I wish I could just do like Q&A with you
guys while I Drive but that's never
gonna happen
unless you want me to be in the ditch
somewhere so hard when you're tired not
drinking caffeine
I am so glad that I have you guys to
talk to and hang out with during this
Drive it's 1:00 in the morning
well it's 12 54 6 minutes until 1:00 in
the morning I still have a little ways
to go and I feel like I'm just losing my
mind I'm just driving under the
spotlight talking to you guys I feel
like a crazy person right now
like I'm sure if somebody was beside me
they would assume that I'm a crazy
person
you know I mean everyone's gonna be
passed out Brittany and the kids
Brittany's got to let me in the house so
I got to wake her up you know what that
means
you know alright it looks like I'm close
looks like it finally made it guys
thanks for coming along with me I think
where I'm going
ooh spooky I'll just wait for like a a
girl with long black hair to be stand in
the middle the road with a knife just
speed bumper boom
arms hanging out
alright guys I made it
everyone's out to sleep like 1:30 in the
morning so I'm gonna end the vlog now
cuz I stuff to edit it and get it up so
I can enjoy my vacation a little bit
I'll be I'll be bringing you guys along
all week for that and just have some fun
with the family man I know I do you guys
missed the kids and and Britain and the
family so that's what this week is gonna
be all about I love you guys I will see
you tomorrow thanks for keeping me awake
tonight till tomorrow smile more I got
this this light here
