yeah beautiful weather today a front
sideways and they don't tell you that
but then when I feel massage we should
still fucking hold the cameras what do
you mean sideways crazy dude you like to
sleep ha ha Ali's been sleeping all day
it's raining that a lot of film action
until tonight hopefully we're doing
night time filming anyway let it rain
baby what's up guys hope you're having a
great day we're gonna go eat
that's what we do best better than
anything
freeze man food vlog let's take you step
one to a good meal appetizers
cheesy tomato soup cheesy tomato cheesy
tomato bro it's yellow tomato you don't
like it that's potato potato potato what
did you get dude go to ela fuck Tina nah
that's tortilla soup do these rolls you
dip this in there it's over it's over I
can't even show you step to the actual
meal appetizer steak salmon balls no
bounces but you're on a diet bro Vulcans
are high time dessert time love tonight
guys yes yeah whoa that's the end of our
food vlog we are wait how the hell did I
correct my screen he says hello oh okay
we are filming the ATM prank tonight
we're getting ready to shoot a photo for
social social media you guys know how it
goes
did you look so scary with the ski mask
people just look scary with this thing's
yeah why am I so buff D that's what I
got I'm just so bill I just built yeah I
always like to share my Instagram photos
with you guys because I know a lot of
you guys in the past have told me you
don't have Instagram since a lot of you
don't have Instagram I always try to
show you my photos so I just put up I'm
tired of this effing weight on this
prank filming all night until it's done
and then this happens clouds heavy thick
clouds
is it gonna rain boy is it gonna rain
boy
it's supposed to storm tonight we'll see
we're going we're going either way we're
not waiting if it storms though it is
sprinkling starting to sprinkle I can
see the drops little King has passed out
oh hi buddy
hey little man to get a good nap yeah I
just made you young that make you guys
young too but did you see that ayane on
so Vitaly just stole we tried to take my
car I got a flat tire wonderful smile
more so he stole chases car to go to the
gym and uh now it's just us and this guy
Kane just woke up calling from watching
vlogs yeah I'm gonna go sit on a porch
and enjoy this cold glass of orange
juice you do so I am the guide never
ever looks at the weather I'll pee
people call me into like yo I don't
think we should film tomorrow they're
saying it's gonna rain I'm the guy
that's like nope we're filming tomorrow
it's not gonna rain nine times out of
ten it doesn't rain and we film if I
trusted the weather here in Ohio
I would never go outside now but really
uh I'm usually that guy and never ever
look at the weather but tonight I'm a
little eerie about this it's not looking
too good
ah dude you know how long I just waited
there I'm pooping for that crappy
reaction really yeah some goose bubbles
sucked
it's just easier to scare kids Oh
battery's running low
all right we're packing it up we're a
we're going to fill a bridge that's good
it's nine o'clock p.m. we got to go rock
and roll I'm leaving okay I love you
give me five
wow that was so hard I love you awesome
a little bit hi Mario
yeah hi guys Tim Frank it's late we're
gonna make it happen
ain't that right
let's go boys hey dr. baby
he gave me a big crap sison right
and I show my behind but I had this
thing spinning tell me tell me you
telling me some guy just came up you two
you telling me I got a listen to me hey
hey talk telling me a guy came up and
bought you a Pepsi got a guy who YouTube
let's let's tell it like it is let's say
who it is what it was they who did what
what did the guy look like working me
the bus expired shooting a prank
any camera show what's up what's the
problem you own one
come on tell me tell me the script no
we're just we just shot a quick pranking
we're out of here in and out right now
you're detained what's going on you get
is this is this a hidden camera prank we
own the ATM it's all ours it's all good
man no worries okay can I see
everybody's ID please
yeah I just I want to know what the
frankness well that's what's the scrip
that's its you put the ATM on a wall and
that's it you got a deeper why because
I'm because you're suspicious right now
that's why I'm asking for your ID
what's the problem the problem is I'm
investigating with the suspicious
activity with an ATM and back of the
vehicle we are how many cops tonight - -
that's not bad - cops isn't I'm not
taking now on you know it's hot polish I
get a little frustrated I'm just like
you get frustrated dealing with your
thoughts so we're not allowed to do so
we're gonna continue filming right you
can fill all your you just want to see
from our clinic I'm telling you you're
gonna get more of this is the more you
do it and you know it that's why we have
to correct
we have to get the video to respecting
people that you're pranking cut out
weapons absolutely
everybody say cheese
come on smile come on haha love these
guys
what You Know Who I am alright guys we
are calling it a night we got pretty
much ran out out ran out but he got too
late two in the morning and pretty much
two in the morning the only people on
the streets are police officers so we
call it quits and push it till tomorrow
I know I said I wasn't going home to
this practice down there
yeah such a failure bro I will expect
that or the best out of the best such as
at least we still got our ATM we still
got our cameras we still got our smiles
do you don't hit anybody bro I got kids
I love you guys we'll see you tomorrow
for more fun entertainment don't forget
as a shitty attending just say be honest
all right let's do more energy all right
this is you're right there right all
right guys love you until tomorrow smile
more how was that
first things first Italian lands and
it's time to finally get the prank
camera back bro you ready yeah they're
gonna put it through this little hole
don't slop
