feels good to be back home Don it back
in the hoodies and the hats and the rain
we're headed to a soccer game today
yeah it's days all about crazy running
in the mud man oh he's having fun you
don't care about the land they're just
warming up I think this is the most fun
he's had yet just sitting in the pouring
rain there's no playing soccer is he
doing good here we're back from North
soccer game and they're already building
what is this for
what are you building guys just kept my
camera all wet yeah
while we were in the Bahamas this week
my brother had a birthday so we're over
his house now and we were going to go
bowling or something like that not
really sure we're gonna have fun trying
to get the kids out of here let's go
what's up dude
it's the three-legged cat way rollin
he's only got one leg he's only got one
leg happy birthday what's up hey guys if
you have an office max where you live I
want to show you this killer deal they
have right now it's crazy they have this
laptop for $18.99 baby look at the
really after rebate we got a 64
megabytes of RAM and 6 gig hard drive
that's incredible so yeah if you're
looking for just a good computer you got
1699 that's not bad this is a my mom
wrapped Dale's birthday present in a y2k
December 31st 1999 newspaper well it's
the y2k newspaper hey you guys are
always asking me what's the best vlog
camera to get and this right here
actually believe it or not 549 nine-nine
it's a pretty good deal right there a
jbco they got 36 inch TV for $1,000 you
ready to go bowling
Caine's never been bowling before your
shoes do you get to wear awesome where's
Noah
dad brought his special ball oh man
that last strike okay you threw it too
hard you did the Superman sneeze perfect
commercial man a stinks cause you
happens if you drop it look at Noah the
second one good okay where do you want
to put this yeah let's put it right here
okay ready push it
what's it going right down the middle
good looks really cool yup right your
shorts are alright we trash this place
Dale one birthday boy one it was second
dad I was I was
let's go yellow hooligans get out of
here
you're knocking everything over you're
so blingy so fly cold here already but
back in the house man I have not hardly
logged all day I haven't vlogged Kane
not much
look we're back in the Bahamas we're
back in the Bahamas you gotta go to bed
so we can do you know tomorrow is
tomorrow tomorrow's mommy's day
tomorrow's mommy's day tomorrow's
Mother's Day actually for you guys now
it's today right now so go hug your mom
or any-any motherly figure slash puppy
Zeus is a man
what are you doing up here
captain moolah here what is this for
just giving me money and you just
chugged an entire bottle of water dude
again oh my gosh you can hear it good
you guys hear that - ugh full bottle all
the way from start to finish I should
have phoned that it'd have been way
better I love you give me a big old hug
in the morning sigit this is all hyper
love you did thumbs up let's see how
well Zeus will listen he's so excited
mmm sit stay
leave it
okay sit
down
leave it leave it okay good boy has a
good boy
up down
that is leave it leave it
now you cheater I know he won't tell do
this foot
good boy he's got this house on lock how
good does this look
leave it leave it I don't have her train
- oh yeah
okay we're gonna try try to watch wolf
of wallstreet you're probably like oh my
god you haven't seen that movie yet no
we have not seen this movie and I've
wanted to watch it a billion times but
it's so hard to get two and a half three
hours to watch a movie ever we don't get
to watch movies that much so the kids
are in bed pretty early tonight and
we're gonna try to watch this movie
alright guys we are out of here for
today I think this is kind of like a
ritual now after vacations I just slack
off the next day that I get home but uh
I didn't want at the camera the kids
faces all day I love you guys thanks so
much for watching always I thank you
every single day and I mean it
Zeus is dead he's dead
sleepy baby no we love you guys thanks
so much for watching again we'll see you
tomorrow
and don't forget smile more the front of
passport
passport good a minute a car yes
