good morning guys I just want to show
you how ridiculously I look without my
hair done and it's so long now that I
pretty much look ridiculous even when it
is done so thanks for telling me how
ridiculous I look guys just see it looks
ok from the side what's on the front
like a Johnny Bravo thing going on do
you like my hair my hair huh do you like
my hair hey slow drivers I hate I
understand if you want to do the speed
limit don't go under the speed limit
speed limits speed limit do at least 10
69 20 what so just got my main man chase
Gilroy's hey hey we are for something
drink I can't resist it
this F caffeine it's like an epi I mean
dammit everything I want has caffeine
you guys didn't know I quit drinking
caffeine almost a month ago because
we're filming a movie in two months and
I actually need caffeine to work when I
need it so I'm gonna cut it off so
that's naive I'm eating xxx drink dude
we're gonna just get a mountain Dew
alright I'm getting I'm getting this
here's sugar probably just as bad as
caffeine I can't do a gas station stop
getting none other than a big old hot
dog Doritos that sounds so good oxygen
and a can now that's business tactic
it's only eight dollars that's like the
real pray you breathe it then once
they're almost encouraging you to Huff
aerosol as you guys know yesterday
Gilroy and I went to a workout class and
now we look ridiculous trying to walk
home I've never been this sore in my
life about you ever ever it's the most
painful feeling it's not even fun it's
not could not have been worth it I think
I just tore every muscle in my body yeah
yeah so just going through my buddy
Todd's what's up Todd this is the guy
responsible for the fish tank in my
house built every square inch of it but
then I come over here and I get so
jealous look at these corals dude can't
even see in the tank it's Roger picking
out some new corals for the tank and
this has got to be one of the prettiest
cools in the world this is a pulsing
zinnia look at this thing look how much
life that thing actually works for its
food I gotta have a piece of it you know
I gotta have a piece here he's gotta be
a nice little piece of home
and this is what it looks like out of
the water looks like bubblegum so when
you find a coral you like that's really
small and obviously I have a lot of
current in my tank you have to glue it
to another piece of rock the base and
then it helps it grow and not blow
around the tank see this right here it's
like a hurricane in my tank yes this is
the employees and this is mine yeah boys
don't care about your they don't
I don't know who figured this stuff out
but it's pretty awesome
and then one's watching
watch
oh you got him what's he called Diadema
Diadema he looks evil he is evil if you
get poked by him and you're allergic
you're going to the hospital so where
are you holding and he's not gonna poke
me just grab ahold of me so as a
first-timer chase what did you think of
the choral farm I was incredible I had
no idea that you could just simply cut
these any girl you want and then they
were just grow that's right freezy any
piece you want you just cut it and it
grows a new one it's it's magnificent
it's Magnifico else it did not realize
that there were so many different
varieties amazing
they find a new species in the ocean
every day still to this day it's amazing
amazing I mean always like - why is he
saying amazing so much ok so what are
you doing oh man chase is behind me
chase is following behind me right now
so I don't want to help Veronica out but
he's behind me he's not in my car chase
is back there he has no idea I would
tell him normally but him and Veronica
have this thing going where they're
pranking each other this week and I
wouldn't want to mess that up
like if somebody told Brittany I was
about to prank her I'd be pissed I think
I'll just let this one go it's not that
bad you guys are just sitting right here
Wow
I'm embarrassed hi buddy
wait give me a hug you know what I got I
got us more corals yeah you want to see
they won't look like much in here so I
got a bunch of new corals for the tank
and we're gonna put them in this is my
favorite part
buckets of corals and finding the right
spot for them is the hard part you may
find in a couple days that that coral
doesn't want to be there what
yeah gonna help me you gotta help me
Kirsten I didn't know you were here it's
a big clam all right enough of that it's
time for denden oh my mother of lanta
just say it it looks good
is it good yeah battery i slaved all day
over this meal for a while oh thanks for
Annika what you do but even as important
thank you guys you're the best good food
good meat good god let's see what want
to fight me yeah I'm sore you can beat
me up yeah I guess I'll spend the rest
of the night downstairs
that's right smile more time you
skateboard
yeah good daddy's in Cannes it's pretty
cool to know though when you guys order
something from us that we are the ones
actually doing it usually not me so much
because I'm always gone but it's either
Britney it's usually Britney and
Veronica but tonight we got Gilroy and
Britney and not Zeus Zeus isn't doing
anything tonight he's done he's had it I
got to give a quick shout-out to this
cat not sure how to say his name exactly
but he sent us this vinyl banner for our
store really awesome
it's not the grommets in and everything
I love it do you thank you so much we're
totally gonna hang that up above our
store bozo all right guys we killed it
tonight we got all the orders out up to
date which is great because most people
order they usually have to wait a week
everybody that ordered today yesterday
all the orders are out they'll be
shipped out tomorrow so that's great
other than that I need a huge favor
tonight and this is really just for my
loyal viewers I want to surprise the guy
that built my aquarium he busted his ass
for this aquarium and I want to surprise
him I'm just asking you guys if you have
one minute please go to his Facebook
page I'm gonna put it at the top of this
description just go tell him he did a
fantastic job and how happy we are and
how how cool it's gonna be when you guys
can watch it live stream I just need
that favor it'll only take a minute
please click on it and just say hi or
you can even like it you don't have to
but just just tell him I sent him I have
not told him I'm gonna do this it's
gonna be a real surprise he's gonna love
it so thank you guys so much for today I
will see you tomorrow don't forget to
smile thank you guys for everything
smile
