good morning it's Easter you don't look
for Easter basket no was already looking
you think you put them in there no just
a bunch of coats and sweeper oh my gosh
you guys got a toy box I'll eat your
baskets
this is the coolest thing ever
toys it's Easter we got to get ready
everybody's coming over yeah least the
house is pretty clean this is like let's
do it I'm ready for some food ready for
some food
oh we have a lot to do let's take a nap
first
this is ready to play he wants to take a
nap to take a nap alright guys and just
like that this happens you got some cake
dude that's a lot of cake my dad brought
is awesome kites hopefully they fly play
this thing the patch patch kit is the
old knife
Oh everybody blow blow harder you
definitely win Easter outfit of the year
Easter outfit of the year okay I'll
catch it it comes nice well you have no
wins we have to use the quad better
floor it
there's no way we could get a prettier
day I feel like I'm back in LA the Sun
is hot the kids are having a blast we're
all eating like kings Zeus is happy and
wet and muddy so as my mom gives a
lesson to all the kids about Easter we
as men have to hide eggs look at all the
eggs oh the golden goose everyone's
hiding eggs up by the house I'm gonna
put mine in the woods nobody's ever
gonna find this girl make this a special
way it should be harder to find that's a
good one guys I can't thank you enough
for hanging out with me and my family it
feels so good to be home I got a lot of
you we're like don't go back to LA we
hate the LA vlogs it definitely feels
good to be back into my routine of being
with my family and kids most important
part of my entire life I'd give up
everything for them so I thank you guys
so much for watching and hanging out
with us well trailer hitch egg trailer
hitch egg that's actually a good spot
he can have that look you decide to show
up
Keynes like get out of here then I know
Easter Bunny go get the eggs it's hiding
ready I'm gonna cheat ready oh off the
belly hey mommy
you look beautiful and uh that's all I
got I got a secret I got a secret
oh there's one I know this place is
laced with eggs this is huge
oh my gosh you got a basket on your head
chica move good point I can hold your
brains in
so when I was in LA this week Gilroy
mowed my lawn for me and you got your
camera he got so lucky that on the mower
I mean this is a big freaking mower dude
this is a beast let me see your let me
see wow I actually like this better like
they should come like that it's kind of
cool
you got so lucky dude like this could
have just got lucky part of it is it was
stuck right down and you're just chillin
up against that pulley it's perfectly
the song I yeah sorry you're gonna just
hit up the ATM you just hit up the ATM I
do it do it
those are awesome balloon no it's Darth
Caine you want me to wear it nothing out
of you Wow these kids are onto me man
look at this beautiful ending to today
oh I love you you go on the bed hey you
going to bed
well the house took a serious beating
today guys this house took a beat ting
every spot of it
Zeus ran for hours these little puppy
dog days is running catching frisbees Oh
No
deal with it deal with the dude you got
sunburn I am beat my time changes all
off from from LA on La the time is
different so when I get here are three
hours yep yep yep no I love you so much
right but my face
mister farter oh let me check my fart
fart app on my phone night mr. awesome
mmm
it's that time of night kids got to go
to bed friends gotta leave people gotta
play board games Kane was supposed to
already be asleep
leave this kid look at this kid
I thought you were going to sleep yeah
why aren't you asleep
you're watching check it out it's the
kitties from our kitty Frank he loves
them oh hey high five bro hey hey man -
hey call him dude high five bro
high five dude high five bro oh my five
you kids hey
have fun Jason always great seeing you
oh my god I don't even look human
alright guys thanks again for sticking
around with us today it was a wonderful
Easter so fun got to see the family all
day which was perfect it's just what I
needed
just when I did it how about you there's
a lot of people there was I don't know
if he's asleep or not over there
no he's wide awake we have about a
million things to clean up and we're
gonna watch escape tonight hopefully
never seen it
Stallone and Schwarz now yeah it's gotta
be good those are some pretty muscles
girl alright I work out I love you guys
how was your Easter tell me about it
tell me something funny make me make me
laugh I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow don't forget smile or Domino
tails now sniper
whoa
