alright guys good morning look at this
oh my god these are the best what are
these called there's a candy with this
just cherry and sour cream sour cream
thank you so much for breakfast
Mitali brought us all king size Snickers
all around I want them to get off me
I've even got through breakfast yet
converting half your Snickers okay we're
leaving bye adios not every day a bunch
of pranksters walking to Toys R Us
Babies R Us it's like a rare occasion
I'm gonna go on the baby section it
ain't a good idea are you trying to tell
us tonight only it's big enough gold
diggers only welcome coal digger bad for
your house eh the vet get some wet did
you should go and wet you should build a
room in your apartment that's just for
gold diggers they can bring them over
just then you could have this let's get
like let's get like three of them I want
to take one home well you can take them
all home when we're done with them
that's great
look it's a little Zeus its baby Zeus
Charlie found the new outfit can't go
anywhere without finding a new outfit
okay actually looks like it's part of
your outfit though I know I'm gonna pay
for Kevin's break it let's go we got to
go
don't forget your glasses help me out of
this no you're on your own dude hey
helping you hate you got yourself into
this mess I want to see you check out
how I'm scanning dark just want one how
much is it how much I'm trying to pop it
so far this prank is rocking it out yeah
yeah so I tally almost got beat up by
blood and Crips my phone.i law anyway
anyway we have to move locations we just
got the cops just told us to leave or
pay the know you got a permits in LA to
film and you're gonna permits the
permits to film in LA and we don't have
one so since we haven't been here yet on
this trip taking Britt to Jack and
Jill's our favorite spot you haven't
been here that's gonna be a real treat
whenever you guys come to Jack and
Jill's this is the guy that takes care
of us every time Matt has served us more
Nutella crepes and anybody in there in
LA surprise he still picked up with us
sometimes when you ask him nice he
brings you out a free Nutella crepe
pressures on good show you just pulled
that out of your ear no wonder you've
been like huh that was perfect that she
wasn't even looking I'm like everybody
can see Dennis but you were like keep
your head up so we are headed to
Hollywood which show Britney some cool
stuff she's never been there
right now they're coming up to the
world-famous Sunset Strip this area of
Los Angeles let's get a photo let's get
a pic here on top of the world girl to
the car through the Mingo Elvis Presley
how do you do it they design Amy Ellis
in the bathroom cheers for finishing a
prank guys only took us two days to get
one video done a lot of technical
difficulties what's up Frank
yeah Brittany got to hang out in the
back of the car watch now the word right
we're police involved I believe there
was a police presence this afternoon of
course there's the police in Moore would
it be a prank out the police they love
us to talk to the gang members the gang
member the gang members again the gang
members just know that every one of
these liberties have stood right here
it's not a rare especially I get a
proper cool turquoise shoes with other
people when they call the doctor hava
nagila preferable rosh hashanah hopper
fola with my hobbies bertha marijuana
rocker csce stress and distress advance
out of the coolies original to hitman
every single dollar before you took the
scuse me I've got a stripper outfit our
pool guys so you should pick it up and
put it
many people's I can we got to show up
all the people outside Jimmy Kimmel okay
so you have to take some objects take
some down yeah my name is Jewish so I
know you're already gonna ask who is
that guy with the mad rapping skills
tell them kosher Dill's youtube.com
slash ko sha di LLC awkward in a good
way that's my album but who cares you
wouldn't want to buy it you want to
watch him but I mean if you do end up
getting forced to do something which you
might make you do then you would be
forced to come to that site
so we're walking to dinner Vitaly cannot
fight the craving and Brittany's buying
it can't he can't resist we're literally
walking to dinner right now
any more this is my appetizer Batali
she's a hot sizzling wiener he just has
to put it in his really have to wear a B
Dimitri's that would we call a Kobe dads
why did why did BW three stars we call
it VW 3:05 really yeah I don't know
fried pickles yes I didn't see there's
not three double what they're talking
about but I'm pissed
I've been waiting for my server for ten
minutes and it likes the water with
lemon please settle down
we've been here like literally less than
five oh my god Mitali is so impatient
when he's hungry when I'm hungry I'm
hungry and I'm on time of them mark
here's my impression of Vitaly vlogging
when he's pissed before when we got in
chicken wings
it's a horrible impression but I think I
think I got the anger I think I give you
one second like one chance to tell me do
you want me to put that in the video or
not no that means I
just drop my camera that's a lot of
drinks guys let's do another Cheers
don't we get up just I don't know what
we're just cheers into Cheers
we're ready we're ready to drink all
right bye keV
I'll see you guys Kevin filmed our new
prank today filmed all of it actually
every single if I don't get a director
credit I'm gonna be so mad
I'm gonna call the DGA file a complaint
Kevin's the man he's the man and you
know I thought it was cool that you only
beat me like three times during the
shoot so that was nice thank you yeah no
I beat my camera and I beat Mike yeah
what is vitam today he's a short film oh
by the way this is where you got punched
during steve-o prank right here we're
back baby we're wrapping up tonight so
tired
well I getting old are you tired you're
tired yeah oh it makes me feel a little
better you are ready to do some super
check out my video and say no you got a
new video you've already seen it
oh you got your shirt yo yo you got
turned on oh no there's a switch it's a
switch remember my big tiger shirt
Vitali found one today
boom yo yo yo yo all right guys just
like that we're back in the hotel and
tomorrow is Monday which means another
week of sitting in a room planning
that's that's the honest truth
are you tired baby it's hard I don't
think you should sleep in that shirt I
really don't think you should sleep in
that shirt
I love you guys thank you so much for
watching and always smashing the like
button on these vlogs you guys are
killing it I can't even believe the
numbers on these videos but we're giving
you the best entertainment we can
possibly give you this is all I got
I love you guys thanks so much and don't
forget smile more he's on fire but here
in Santa Monica they don't allow fire so
use your imagination
