good morning guys oh this is a big day
for me okay so you guys know that Gibson
guitar flew me to Germany a few weeks
ago to pull pranks and I told him I
didn't want any money all I want is to
bring my dad down to your factory and
give him a tour my dad is a guitar
fanatic he loves guitars so he's going
to the factory today and there's a huge
surprise at the end of the tour that my
dad does not know about so let's go you
guys are coming with me this is gonna be
really fun good morning you ready to go
today it's gonna be really cool for you
guys to because they don't really let
people film inside the factory but
they've given me permission so I get to
show you all the good stuff right
beautiful man it's beautiful we're
excited let's do this with the gibson
office and they just have a playroom
with you can play any guitars just chill
relax
is this the banner well that's awesome
man
yes surprise peek before VidCon hey that
came out actually good so if you guys go
to VidCon you'll see this at the Gibson
booth
look at that guys and then hit the a
string just what is really a tune so
these are auto tuners they're new and
they tune your guitar for you well the
next thing is you'll just push a button
and I'll play the song so we're off to
the Gibson factory right now are you
excited or loved this is nothing feel to
be going to the back it's probably less
than once-in-a-lifetime for most of us
but yeah this ought to be really sweet
oh man so this is Frankie remember the
video where I'm dropping the Gibson
guitar he actually designed that you're
headed to the back the private sector of
Gibson Bob where fences y'all let's say
the employees can't get out that's not
for people to get out there's a you get
in
we have the trucks bring it all
and they bring it in wrong and they rip
it over here so this is what they make
with the necks out of the guitar yes Wow
the SG body backs right here
I like you track all this stuff man it's
amazing it's amazing they take that and
turn it into yeah that looks like old
doors in my whip pile basically a giant
wood shop giant giant versions of your
wood shop that's amazing is it old glue
press pushes the wood together and then
they glues them
government I mean I
a double horn
how they ever figure that out that's
basically step one to the net
and then that turns into this all right
they round it a little bit yeah there's
so many crazy these are giant dryers and
this is where they dry the wood make
sure it's completely dried out you guys
have no idea how cool this is they don't
let people film in here so this is
awesome
they've got a bathroom / tornado shelter
that's Paul these are the spots for Paul
so that's a la Les Paul's man you get if
you play guitar you can definitely
appreciate this pile of wood
alright we're leaving that we're leaving
the wood plant that's enough wood for me
for one day
welcome to a Gibson guitar wow look at
all those guitars
what about safety we have to look cool
the high speed we're traveling you know
you're coming into a factory when you
got to put on safety glasses
neck prep
bodies separated
Wow
and the next they get finding they hand
bind them no machine doesn't what is
that
oats will rope
the binding to the net old screenplay
so they they glue it they take it in a
rap and rap and rap and rap it's just
pressure or hold that baby all together
and then you're like hang like mommy
this is super backstage Gibson man this
is like a super rare opportunity to be
here when nobody's working it's like a
playground
so every single fret 120th anniversary
every single one of these are put in by
hand and it's actually done at these
stations they have this little tool that
hammers a man dude that's cool I would
honestly believe that everything was so
automatic here but it's all by hand
every day we've done by a human with
love so for viewers that don't know what
pickups are what are they
pickups is actually where this sound is
changed from magnetic to electronic when
you see that piece on a guitar this is
where they make them during the sound Y
so you're telling me all this is made
right here it's not imported nothing
it's made right here they wind it we're
some lighting stations
it's amazing the oldest crew are
attached to what turns out to be the
magnet individual Springs and then
everything's hand done it's waxed first
and then you actually adjust the
individual height if you look at it I
mean you're used to seeing screws or the
slugs but this is so cool I mean it's a
beveled rectangle this is where the
guitars they come in and they get hand
buffer you got these wax some guy stands
here and polishes them makes them all
shiny so they get that shine this one's
not done yet
they must at lunch break this is like
that uh monsters ink but instead of
doors instead of doors it's guitars and
they go all the way on this building
painted electrostatic and then it goes
out to discuss and then Bob so this is
before and this is after
faking gay fake can't be real
geez Louise man and more in here
it's don't even look like a real place
this is like something out of a cartoon
the scene in coma where the coma room
for man dealing body parts this right
here is an electric there's something
electricity down to the guitar so when
you spray the guitar it attracts the
material so when they bring all the pie
finish off on the guitar it's a student
it sucks it ends oh my gosh it would
ever known that this is what happens I
have a saying and it is what is it
profit a man to be lazy in his own
Kingdom if you got a great idea you just
go with it
look at that that all started with one
guy playing a guitar and making it
happen I can't imagine what this started
as so what's this room this is final
assembly final assembly
like drop in we've got guys in the back
who have the privilege of setting up
stringing and playing each instrument
that comes on they just chill back there
get a new guitar and jam on beautiful so
many guitars so a little time and play
what's up man what are you doing here
just let's round this now poor oh no I'm
trying to get some Intel nothing cool
nice shirt
thank you
that's a lot different than well the
stuff you just seen so shiny they come
out so pretty man that is pretty and
then it literally bleeds right into this
warehouse where they're boxed and
shipped I love us actually coming into
the warehouse peg pull the whole process
ends here boxes and boxes like secret
files so how many guitars are in this
warehouse at one time between twelve and
fourteen thousand that is cool that is
really cool you gotta appreciate that oh
yeah
you feel this baby this is Les Paul's
original that was his original this is a
recording yes is the remake that came
out this year for all of his original
guitar Hey look at that thing so John
just told me that some of the models
take over a month from beginning to end
to make that guitar so there's so much
appreciation in these these guitars like
they are seriously hand made that's
that's that's amazing yeah every corner
of this building's got some fancy
showroom
Taro's everywhere this one's cool I like
that design oh yeah yeah yeah that's
cool so when we were when I reached out
to Roman and to this prank and then
Germany with us yeah we're trying to
talk about you know how to work that is
magic and what you wanted in return and
he said he didn't want anything no money
nothing he said
John if Gibson hook up my dad with a
guitar that's what he wanted doesn't
carry a lot of stock in the factory so
we had to go digging to find this
special bottle all right she got the
special case do
it's a 1960-1961 over sri gold table
this is a sweet baby right here Wow
it's beautifully nervous laughter so
what goes into him oh wow yeah and those
are like the tuning pegs on the old SG I
had four are broken okay just like don't
smash that one yeah can't smash down
that'll be your son take a little that
is beautiful
I've turned on
yeah plug in my chair let's jam it out
yeah you men have been gifted as much as
me with their sons I've had two sons and
they have just they've just always
delivered a lot of love back and it's
it's just rare I don't see it a lot of
fans yeah I'm glad I could surprise you
John good job man absolutely man it's
awesome so it actually came that guitar
actually came from here not from a music
store so it's fresh it's like Rania
facture here it's a fresh fresh from the
Gibson plant it's like you know not off
the conveyor belt thank you for
thanks for guitar yeah yeah yeah that
you're used in the prey did I love it
that's going on my wall baby could you
guys what you do do is fold it back it
lives on baby
John man just keep you just keep
surprising me thing about this is yeah
we broke it but it gets to live on this
will be in my L on my wall man and it's
got a story all the way from Germany
love it did so a Music Row is like the
center of the music industry in
Nashville and it starts off with the
statues on Music Row and we go we'll go
from there all right so you're taking a
servant of Music Row this is where
everyone records and all the famous
artists have been here and and in not
just country there's a lot of pop and
you know indie artists that record here
in Nashville as well see it let's check
it out
so are these all studios this is Reba
McEntire studios the turfs
it's alright she's a helicopter pad
that's that it's for sale
yeah it's not
it doesn't look like much but it's a
super famous location we are back at the
hotel dads hanging out my room with his
new baby don't so glad you like it yeah
oh it's pretty nervous we've been
working on this for a couple weeks
making sure this whole thing worked out
and I told John I want it to be a
surprise myself so I didn't even get to
see the guitar so I'm so happy it came
out so pretty man yeah yeah wearing my
fingers out now trying to break it in I
love seeing you so happy yeah big kids
toy
you mean give me some give me some jams
I'm being so modest
we're off to get some dinner apparently
hot chicken is popular here in Nashville
so my dad would just hurry up losing
that sunshine at Tennessee sunshine John
couldn't get enough of us so he's taking
us for hot chicken what's this place
called Hattie B's Hattie B's Z hottest
chicken and gnash and they have
different levels of hotness yeah I'm
good not for me I'm just one of you guys
I know you don't like very hot from what
I understand
ed you like hot stuff I don't know if he
did he I'm not either
that guy warned me then maybe I better
do mild and miles like still hot yeah
I'm just gonna do a nice chicken fan and
spice little spice baby sparks I got
like baby food that McDonald's fries all
style Hattie B's chicken apparently this
place has chicken that'll blow your face
off it's so ha
looks good looks good I like it
dude the cha-cha all right man you were
right it's delicious but John is wife
his son Justin what do you think Dad
it's good I got the medium medium yes
I'm a big sissy you got medium too so I
don't want to hear that y'all got me
yeah everybody got it it's pretty hot
still hot but they have actually have
one folder hot as hell
pretty sure I'm gonna void that one for
life I'm officially stuffed I can't even
think about hey cupcakes I'm so full man
I've never eaten again so where we
headed to now Johnny boy where you go
see listen some music
every time you guys come on man it's
been two days I have to scare you now
much my hot chickens and you scaring
he's gonna kill me one over here to
sambuca
sambuca they got this band called the
generators they're never heard of them
have no idea what they sound like
rocking grill you know it's gonna be
good
creme brulee
what was your narimasu Tomasulo i get
the tablets or I don't even know what
this is
so you guys know every time I go to a
place with a band I request a drum solo
I did in Aruba and I got it so now I got
to get these guys to do a drum solo I've
got the drummer for the generators with
a chain how's anybody gonna find that
Jenny's generators with AJ all right
Jimmy
so Jenny is the drummer and she has
promised me a drum solo what do I have
to do what do I want me to kill it up I
want you to own this place it's yours
for the girls it is ok here's for you
here's for you really for the guys it's
for the girl power there it is
thank you for those dollars it's gonna
come in handy later when we go to White
Castle physicians in love that was fun
now that it's raining how do we get out
of here get out here come on
that's what all right wrap to the night
up dude that was fun guys a lot of fun
got a drum solo
you just got ask and you shall receive
help me shine you want some get up all
right absolutely down hurt to throw
money all over the stage all right we be
out of here until we me pleasure you
guys take care have a safe trip back
stay smile more how do we get in thank
you dude look at this bro oh it's the
Lucifer it looks like something you'd
see in the center science of industries
I saw Britney wearing something like
that once guys I'm back in my room my
voice is hoarse I am like ready to crash
but I gotta get this vlog edited it's
gonna be a long vlog longer than normal
I tried to shoot for 30 minutes I don't
know if I hit it I'll find out soon I
can't thank you guys enough for coming
along today it meant so much to me
my dad has supported me over the years
of doing what I love to do he's the one
that told me to quit my job and pursue
YouTube and it felt so good today to
make my youtube career give back to him
it was just breathtaking to me it felt
so good so thank you guys for joining me
on that he's so happy he's probably
jamming on that guitar right now but I
love you guys that's all I got for you
thumbs up man hit the light for this
long vlog I tried for you guys really
tried for a long blog today I'm just
thinking everybody I really I'm gonna
try to make everybody happy that's it
it's only got for you guys I will see
you tomorrow
I got it we're actually going home
tomorrow I got to get basically ready I
gotta head to LA for a few weeks so I
know you guys usually like the LA vlogs
I have a couple days with the family
you'll get to see the kids and then I'm
out again lots of business lots of big
things happening so I love you guys
that's it
see it's mom don't forget smile more
awesome we're downtown Nashville and
just about every single building you see
has its own band there are musician in
their own concert everywhere
