alright guys let's just see what
Brittany's got going on
Brittany's got this master plan idea
here little dimples this is the best
sprinkles and peanut butter and jelly
honey really these kids are gonna be
going nuts
forget muscle man
not doing too much today at all Kane is
in heaven down here all he wants to do
is ride skateboards and bikes whoo he's
actually getting really good on this
little bike it's like a uh I don't know
what they're called but basically he's
getting to where he's lifting up his
feet and just cruising I actually woke
up not feeling too good today got a
really scratchy throat and uh I don't
know I'm kind of weak hey baby
but Brittany and I are headed to
Kentucky tomorrow so I got to feel good
I got to get my strength what are you
doing dad guys dad's bye
there's no NLM it's like they've been
hiking you went and shut me in here
would you oh thanks buddy
whoo right now you're all dressed look
good what's your shirt say I have fun
with mommy me and Noah's gonna stay here
bye Owen get out of my house
I know it just went from beautiful
sunshine this is Ohio beautiful sunshine
to this you can barely see it on the
camera
snow but snow really coming down now
it's none prety hard I think that was
the quickest trip to the store ever
how'd you guys survive the snow cane did
you see all that snow was it coming down
hard ah I get some goodies huh what'd
you get
we're gonna do an experiment what let's
eat this amazing food mommy made one of
my favorite meals in the whole world you
know it's probably two years ago I would
not eat spaghetti right come up to your
okay two maybe three years but Brittany
started making it and it's like the best
meal in the house everybody eats it eat
it eat it eat it
Wow it is yeah we all greet so it's a
family favorite
so before we start our little project
here we got something the mail that
we're so happy about and it's all
because of you guys we got our plaque
from YouTube for hitting a hundred
thousand subs on our vlogs it's awesome
so we're gonna try to do a family we're
gonna try to do a fit we're gonna we're
gonna try to do a family picture for
Instagram right now yeah you can hold it
come here Akane we're gonna take a
picture go over it with Noah little
Britt get your butt in here I don't know
how we're gonna do this I can set a
timer on my phone all right so what are
we doing here
our making gap like silly putty right
I like the gooey part stuff a slime
alright we're gonna teach you guys how
to do this - I've never done it before
borax
but you do two four outs or an 8-ounce
but they didn't I love how much glue I
used to cover my hand in school and glue
never done that
yeah you cover your hand and glue then
you let it dry and then you can peel the
whole thing off it's fun have you guys
ever done that you put your hand in glue
Elmer's glue and then you can peel it
off once it dries we just do that in
school all the time so if you guys want
to make your own gap get whatever this
stuff is called first thing it needs a
bowl and two bottles of Elmer's glue all
right once you got your bottles full of
hot water you just shake them up and
dump them in then you add whatever color
you want
you're gonna purple purple is one of the
best colors in the world would you pick
red pink what is it yeah that's a good
choice you just put in your food
coloring and then you just stir it up a
lot and then one teaspoon of the powder
it's like laundry soap right Brett
borax and what is it 1 tablespoon 1
teaspoon 1 piece 1 teaspoon into your
hot water we seek a swamp thing after
just a few minutes check this out
did it's awesome
are you snowboarding let's build a ramp
ramp good job mommy that is cool man
we should fill someone's whole house
with that you go boo boo
hit him Kane get Noah nobody knocks you
over that's what he done no I just ate
this
you can apply right
yeah I come sit on the couch time to say
good night
you guys are awesome I'll see you in a
minute cane let's get that shut-eye
say we love you
night-night Noah turn it off
I'll see tomorrow dude no give thumbs up
yeah you got to go to bed no what do you
think you're getting out of this
you're a monster
Noah's so easy to get to bed you just
say it's bedtime and he goes bad Cain
Cain's beast capture him hey remember
when I said you could get a cane at this
montemor store are you sure you want one
now all right guys before I forget today
as you're watching this March March 26th
is our as our TBS deal with the episode
with Dennis and I I know I told you guys
I would tell you when this aired and it
is March 26 which should be today if
you're watching it right now and that
airs at 10:30 or 9:30 central so 10:30
Eastern 9:30 central I believe is it
just look it up TBS deal with it Dennis
and I have a pretty friggin funny
episode on there actually have a little
behind-the-scenes clip that they sent me
nothing big but I'll show you that right
now
bring it on right now oh man you guys
throw him a little trellis help yes take
your vest off take your vest off your
jacket over this
whatever one you want
not whichever one with the dodge that's
the one to the left
run him no one's going to tell you how
to do it okay then you're going to exit
this one do not go through the crash one
exit this one pick him up after he falls
and rush him back to this area again
percent you got this oh it's live get
him you were kicking go JC stay don't
wanna cannot wait to see his friend
serious serious serious so unbelievably
awesome please watch it tonight and and
support it man the Roman soldiers gonna
tackle it if I can find any links for
the episode I will add them to the
description of this video in case you
can't watch it on TV maybe they put it
on YouTube or something I don't know but
if they do I'll put it in the
description of this video that's all I
got for you today everyone's sacking out
even dog I don't even know if he's alive
but Brittany and I got to go down and
start doing smaller orders for the night
and then we head to Kentucky bright and
early in the morning just for some fun
stuff little getaway thank you so much
for watching and hanging out with our
family today it was really just a
laid-back at-home day for us so uh I
love you guys thanks so much for
watching again thank you for getting us
that that a play button from YouTube we
owe you guys so we'll see you tomorrow
definitely see us tomorrow just know
that you are the coolest thing on the
planet
your awesome smile more
apparently a semi truck carrying paper
looks like oh my god
