good morning morning kids ready to go
you wanna play BYE MOM
ready watch way to go Noah start soccer
this week so we're doing some practices
yeah just so cold here Ohio what are you
doing what are you doing
you won't go take a ride you're climbing
up we just rode the four-wheeler over to
my brother's Domino Dale you're stuck
with that name forever this is me and
ales house
Wow good thing good thing you got a roof
over your head
we just built the biggest Thomas track
I've ever seen those oh man
so we had to come back early his little
cane or just God yeah you okay yeah you
tough you tough bird and watch a movie
and just take it easy yeah you guys miss
Zeus OC no man drop it again reduce drop
it Andy
come on you gotta catch this you're
being terrible ready
why aren't you catching it come here
come on drop it
okay go ahead so Noah really messed up
he changed his password on his iPad and
now he can't remember it
way to go rep the absolute only thing
you can do
he's never we've never synced this to a
computer so the only thing you can do is
is reset the iPad back to zero which
means he loses all this minecraft stuff
the castle and survive I gotta clear it
I gotta clean it you okay with that you
got to start funky fresh what do you
think you should do Kane should should I
delete it I'll pull you off the couch we
have the iPad and recovery mode which
means which means iTunes sees it as a
brand new computer or a brand new iPad
so you have to restore it it's basically
restore iPad well the good news is it's
like getting a brand new iPad the bad
news is you have to start fresh it's not
that bad and next time don't ever change
your password
this would you do to your toy oh my gosh
Zeus is that 10 minutes maybe you got
nothing to play with put it back
together so yesterday on my long flights
I lost my earbuds but luckily Britney
has these awesome pink ones so I'm gonna
use these I'm gonna rock out my MGK with
my pink earbuds Thanks
Oh Chad you kick it harder
you're stupid Pratt smiley face coming
at you you can trust me all right we're
gonna play the game where I can't touch
Noah but I have to pretend I'm tickling
him you have to watch you have to watch
her it doesn't count ready
coming in for the neck put your head up
and over your stomach you did really
good you won huh yeah game over what
we're not playing anymore no and I just
found something that I didn't even know
was in the fridge what kind of what is
this where'd it come from
it's like pumpkin cake where'd it come
from I don't know
it's like pineapple tip pineapples in a
pineapple hey what's your favorite cake
in the whole world Noah I don't really
have them don't really like pink how can
you not like Kate your scarf in that
cake like you've been starving to death
guys so what's your favorite cake mine's
definitely I don't even know if this
counts with cheesecake it's got cake in
it cheesecake I could eat cheesecake
everyday three times today four times
today but if it has to be a regular cake
probably German chocolate or carrot cake
hmm don't you like carrot cake
Gracie Gracie go world oh hey we call
duty
yeah I like a buzzing Woody's just
hanging out in the closet
I can't think supposed to come out and
play at night when everyone's sleeping
if there's stuff in the closet
hi buddy
you done with your bath don't build
Legos how are you feeling ha ha ha when
Brittany yells snack time everybody
leaves me what you make chips and cheese
you're the best I like what you made so
far dude better than mine say Booya
Booya Booya you want to film pointing at
us on the crackers yeah chips you got
pointed at daddy yeah hi guys
Cain's filming don't know mommy pointed
at mommy where mommy go say boo yeah it
is so good to be home with you guys is
it nice to have me yeah is it nice it
was nice I love it
those kids on Monster came with it your
brother's a monster
now you know how I feel when you wake me
up guys all the kids are asleep all two
of them
Kane's not feeling too well hopefully
tomorrow he's back on his feet he did
great tonight but right before we put
him to bed he was like really hot so
hopefully everything's good Oh mommy I
have a question for all the soldiers
okay I'm ordering like more products and
this and that
what's your favorite color I need to
know okay I need to know your favorite
and you're gonna add up all the comments
because there's gonna be a lot of
comments for that probably blue well you
guys ordered more two blue toothbrushes
than any other colors so probably blue I
know I just I need to know what color
leave your color I know this is gonna be
crazy there's gonna be a bazillion
comments but all right guys we love you
so much thanks for smashing the like
button I can't believe yesterday's vlog
had more likes than I could ever imagine
so what are you doing yeah please you
need help you need help all right guys
we love you we got to go to bed we have
a serious serious board games to play
tonight that's all she cares about all
right love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow
keep smiling smile now I cannot decide
if I want tic tacs or better sets tic
tacs or a dollar better sex is for
