we go through the woods come on good
morning guys we're starting the day off
with a hike we're gonna go into the
woods who knows what's in there maybe
Bigfoot you think maybe Bigfoot lives
there oh no I can't believe you guys
that put on coats
that's Bigfoot's poop
maybe well it wouldn't take long before
Zeus found his creek
you got another creek this remember at
our old house we had the creek Zeus
would always play in looks like he's got
a new one how do you think soos feels
he's laying in the water oh my gosh
deuce these I don't even know what to do
with you this is the cool part of the
creek I bet it's awesome in the summer
when the water fills up now your feet
are all wet huh make Zeus's a bad
influence on these kids
we've walked into nothingness daddy
don't don't
daddy what are you doing in I'm out
there entertain the kids will you play
on your computer all night please do I
can't stop you kids are still outside
I'm about to place we call of duty
ghosts' online well that didn't last
long I've already been overrun here push
this one there you go push it you'd you
are killing that wall boy uh-huh
shoot him yeah I had to come down to
check on the girls they've been working
for hours on orders geez Louise how many
motors you got you guys are killing the
smile more store like that's just what
you've done today so we really haven't
done jack squat diddly crap holy all day
at all the pregnancy it's a dark out
hey we've basically spun our wheels all
day so we are headed out we got to get
some things for the house and just get
out of the house you got these two
monsters back here so I got to stop by
best buying a new router because the one
that came with my house sucks so who
makes the best router in the world I
want a router that I can I can go
outside and it still works if I'm in the
far bathroom I have no internet you know
your your Internet's being too you have
the fastest internet
how're we ever supposed to leave this
here and watch movies all night maybe
just one more got what we needed how the
Internet's actually gonna work work jerk
can't get in without my permission
so my dog was so bad today that he has
forced me to buy a hose I have to wash
my dog with those he's too big he can't
come in the house like that so what
should I get these are kind of cool
what are these don't get it it's a coil
spacesaver you ready for the ride of
your life here we go back home hey woody
this has been the lazy's day amaura
okay so Noah and I have played this game
ever since he was born basically he has
to trust me not to tickle him
alright lift this arm that's not part of
the game all right guys the kids are in
bed and I want to bring you all along on
our what we do at night sometimes this
is the smile more Department and we are
a buried up to our neck you guys have
blown it up the girls have already done
this today which I don't think you can
really tell how many is there and then
all of these still have to be done so
each one of these has an order
so we're pretty much down here until
4:00 in the morning so we got a new
product in and I I'm so embarrassed
about these so the printer the guys that
print over shirts messed it up
completely and they printed the white on
the camo and I think it looks awful in
my opinion these guys don't seem to mind
it too much I wanted it to be like
camouflage he could barely read it so I
need your guys's help what should I do
with these should I should I give them
to the homeless should I sell them
really really cheap to you guys should i
I don't know what to do with them so I
need your help
I just want to show you guys in
perspective how many orders we've had in
the last two days all right
these are all orders
how many is that
there's no way to even see it okay
another box all these envelopes more
over here I'll pick them up I'm proud of
these orders look at all of you you guys
are killing it I don't even know what to
do I don't even know how to get these to
the freakin mailbox
oh yeah it's 1:00 in the morning we're
still not done you need a bigger mouth
good job team a lot there's a lot of
work yo take your little take your
little animal home this is my rag doll
my things a kid but he really isn't he
is out yep all right dude thanks for all
the help tonight man I'll see you
tomorrow all right guys that's it for
today this vlog was absolutely pointless
randomly just completely random today I
just it's one of them days I didn't pick
up the camera when I was supposed to and
I got a little lazy today so tomorrow's
a new day
bring up the motivation and what
Brittany said don't film me all right
guys we love you thanks so much for
hanging out with us you guys are
absolutely amazing you destroyed our
smile more store you've destroyed the
like buttons on our vlogs you've just
you've just taken it so much further
than we ever expected do love you thanks
so much for coming along with us each
day we will see you tomorrow and just
smile that's it
let's smile even more in that yeah all
right guys we love you see you tomorrow
smile more
so I mean okay so there are videos
answered that you have an upload like
what some stuff that you haven't
uploaded oh boy we did one that didn't
take off very well where he dressed me
up as a girl and had me underneath the
hood looking legit in a miniskirt in a
blonde wig and a dress me up as a girl
he looked hot I was better
