it's everyday bro that's a good that's a
good song it's everyday but that's good
dude cuz your daily bought it could be
every day what's up guys welcome to the
vlog rough start rough start and I can
lie I was like I gotta start the void
I'm not in the mood to start the vlog
but I'm gonna start the vlog you know
what that bad mood
like like legit oh I gotta work go out
guys it's it's day seven right day seven
since my surgery I can't drive I'm
legally blind right now
Merida he married me and then I just
fell apart bad eyes bad nose bad ears
bad the last four days I have to go get
my invited Justin really sucks waking up
in terrible pain so if your mouth don't
hurt today in your eyes if you concede
rate there's something big before baby
started the vlog and here's another
interesting thing we had my appointment
at 11:00 we were 10 11:30 anyway we were
10 minutes late and we didn't know all
the doctors leave at that time so we
missed the appointment but they said
somebody will be back at 1:00 so we're
gonna go kill just a little bit of time
and then we're gonna go back to the
appointment I have to get in guys I'm
not kidding 30 minutes late 30:10 sounds
better for the vlog
and it would have been passing about
there honestly all great things I'm
happy
I just been a weird day you know if you
got a friend or a wife that's grumpy and
you you gonna use a lot of your energy
to lift them up and you know lifting
requires energy eventually you run out
of it yourself and you're like oh man
I'm not in the mood now the vlog lifts
me up though I get into a better spirit
when I start vlogging I think maybe it's
the upbeat it's the I don't know what it
is but it does lift me up so we're gonna
walk in here burn some time Britney's
chapstick big things big things today
guys
big things all good you know what we got
on our side today sunshine baby is just
coming well that's the matter what's the
matter love no I mean what's the matter
love yeah you had to pick it up out of
the back seat because you threw it back
there don't you remember
oh yeah because you mad turned you
hangry turned blue when it rains it
pours Brits over there looking at Quora
clothes and I'm over here looking at
this this is a cafeteria tray for
sledding for sledding what what is this
and what do you think it's for a baking
dish yeah
did you ever slant on cafeteria trays is
that a thing the only thing I ever did
with these legit was if you have a
front-wheel drive car you can back over
these with your with your rear wheels
lock your ebrake and then spin out what
ya like it's around your car into a sled
ok we're on a different subject maybe
you guys know something I don't I never
tried that I can't wait to see what they
come out with next year they're genius
all they did was take their summer
arrives for the pool and label them snow
tubes it's genius dude that's doubling
it up right there
before we had Korah before we had a
little girl and all I had was boys I
always said that the girls Department
was so much better than the
those are so much cuter it's just they
have so much variety and so many things
oh my god but it's true man girls have
the selection boys are like pants
t-shirt that's the whole like liner this
little missing our doctor's visits is
costing us look at this how cute honey
they already have next year's sled
Department out here check it out this is
crazy dude the black hole I think we're
bringing the energy I think were the
more I think we're attracting all this
weird crap today we just take a second
appreciate these beautiful trees look at
that that's art that is art all right
walking into my eye appointment and I'm
like to the point where I like I want
answers I want to know why I can't see
it's been seven days but I know me I'm
gonna go in there doctors and be like
yeah it's perfectly normal at your
visions worry I'm gonna be sitting there
going okay
all right okay that's it they're gonna
be no hard talk ain't gonna be no back
talk they're gonna be nothing to me like
okay all right that's me every time
that's why I need this girl she said
maybe I shouldn't go in with you because
I'm bringing bad luck today bad energy
no no no I need you mom you need to turn
this day around you got time okay so oh
god
Cameron looks like me right now ah all
right they just ran a couple tests and
checks and he's like gotta go talk to
the doctor and I don't know it didn't
feel that like a great thing maybe all
my complainings for real like I actually
am past the point of being Elsie right
No thank God he didn't say that
it's a waiting game dude they're like
what'd she say 10 to 14 days I think she
said 10 to 14 s when we start seeing
like good again
I do not 10 to 14 days is where you are
the day after LASIK patients are at she
said hmm I thought LASIK that would have
been the next day
yeah lasiks way faster wait for it
wasn't an option for me but anyway my
visions really bad today like really
blurry and it's just I guess it is
normal like you gotta wait and wait and
wait for all the cells to regrow over my
eyeball I mean that does make sense but
I don't know she gave me some new
hydrops and like I gotta wear these
sunglasses to I have to I just like in
my head I'm thinking like how does the
normal like person that's got to be up
for their job to work on a computer to
draw I don't feel like I could drive
like I'm very uncomfortable the vision
the the it's like everything's doubled
really bad and I'm like how well is that
like she said as long as you can read
that top line you'd be like you would
pass your driver's test so there might
be people out there driving you like
that's why they get so many accidents
hey V dude I don't know I don't know I
guess I guess I thought it would be
quicker but everyone I've talked to
that's had the same surgery said it is
very worth it once you get there so I'm
just I gotta be patient I gotta work on
my patience cuz I'm Way past it dude I'm
like I walk out something like no I
can't see like we were shooting the
airplanes yesterday I'm like it was so
hard
so I gotta be patient gotta think
positive how to keep on keepin on life's
a garden dig it that's what my mom
always said for its teeth my eyes can
you fix my you do anything for the eyes
nah gorilla I'm good I think unless they
just blurry let's say just boring that's
quite the day today Britney's just
getting her to spy on her sister work
we're done with my going to see help
today all right we are out of all the
appointments today we are finally headed
home which may not seem like much but it
has been it's it's 3:45 now it's where
you want to go
ear doctors check our ears out what that
cold my little monster here and I don't
know if you guys know but yesterday I
had to delete today's vlog yesterday's
vlog some of you seen it something you
did in there was no notifications nobody
got notifications and I got a bunch of
tweets from you guys it was like I
didn't get I didn't get notified the
only reason I know this cuz your Twitter
post Cora I'm trying to vlog I need this
family happy and ready where you going
with what you mean by you can't leave
anyway it's it's 4:45 now and I'm just
now got to yesterday's vlog re-uploaded
that's what you mean wow you know this
but dad's kind of a genius and I don't
even need to look at a clock yeah but I
know computer it does 40 Fillion I
rounded it I rounded it up now it's 4:45
it's an interesting conversation we're
having out here
each mac and cheese why don't you - I
don't you go with her
not my princess headphone users get
ready
she don't want to addy I can't wait til
you watch this video you wanna go
upstairs
come on daddy's daddy will take you
daddy was daddy to save you
come on little princess she wants mommy
be the superhero just me and you bun
it's just being you dude anybody says
girls are different than boys I agree
big time that girl is so different than
you boys were my two boys totally
different attitude like totally like you
cried 10 times more ah anyway um I got
replied back from YouTube they said
there is no issue with notifications but
there clearly was they just told me to
tell you guys to there's a bell I know
all the youtubers have talked about this
I have never ever told you to do this so
I'm gonna do it right now and in fact
I'm gonna find it because I don't even
it's on the channel it's a little bell
you see a cane do you see the bell you
watch YouTube show me where this Bell is
no need to subscribe to yourself
I can't even click the button maybe the
Bell appears after that or is it about
it's not in the About section so it's
when you subscribe guys there's a bell
on YouTube that you have to click to get
notifications if you want to make sure
they're telling me that's how to make
sure you're getting them because I'm
telling you and all the youtubers have
been selling all their viewers of course
we want you guys to see our uploads but
I guess to ring that Bell is the next
step to like make sure you guys see it
so please do that for me let's see if
that helps anyway that's for at it's
it's weird like having your like all
your work is based on whether or not
YouTube is functioning correctly that's
a scary thing that is a scary mindset
like your your career technically is in
the hands of but I'm gonna come okay I'm
coming up it's weird it's just weird to
think about like no matter what I do
like the site has to be
correctly for it to do well so the
content has not I'm not blaming YouTube
bully right you ready for this ready to
a late night late night just usually
Britt mainly Britt she's done working
out by time I even get up she has a
trainer she has some of the girls that
work with us four of us work out with
her and they do that all in the morning
and just recently I've been trying my
best to do that as well and after today
after the kind of weird day we had she
did she didn't work out this morning and
after the weird day we had I kind of
influenced let's go let's just go
downstairs and work out a little bit
even if it's just a little let's get
down there and do it so I'm just gonna
I'm just gonna bang out some arms I
think you're just gonna run girl run so
you guys uh what I do
I'm um superhero guy so I go weird that
looks when you see yourself vlog again
it's so I can't do it I can't
so like this doesn't feel weird right
like I'm talking to you guys as soon as
I turn it this way you're looking at me
talking to a camera it completely is
different than this I don't know why but
it is the brain it's it's so weird
I enjoyed the manual stuff no joke I
enjoy like sit up slowly getting on the
ground just doing situps boom boom like
a hundred of them not at once like sets
of 25 or sets of 20 whatever you can do
that's what I like to do pull-ups all
like manual have like bodyweight stuff I
love it push-ups I love push-ups feel
great the bench I love the bench I
cannot lift much guys I'm serious I'm
super lightweight you going for ten
miles 20 not again stop talking you guys
in this Turkish so this is like a super
embarrassing amount of weight it's only
65 pounds but I just do it a bunch of
times and then I'll take a break and
then I do it a bunch of times I take a
break I do it a bunch of time and then
I'll do push-ups until my arms fail like
literally till your body balls I love
doing that 198 239 3 104 good job that's
four hey um it might be nice if you put
the things on there we're all gonna be
my sets okay but where's the cute final
yeah I'm so sick right over there
you know it's it's lightweight five six
seven hey hey good job I bet you can't
do that thing I mean you can probably do
a couple are you still counting
yeah that's 20 that's 20 plus 107 Marty
at 120 what are you doing your cat's
just ran I mean I know what it is what
oh that yeah that looks painful for sure
that looks painful
no I don't need all the way to more than
the ten pounds seven eight no 100 this
is 30 pounds
I do 20 of these than I do 20 over the
head wait so you're doing bicep and
chest
yep it's 30 not 30 on each side there is
a 60 over there though I lost count but
basically cuz I love them because so
good especially if you're sore from the
day before so Ann you're doing back
you're doing that all upper body yeah
every day is arm nails don't you have
some reason don't look like you're doing
that right it actually gets really hard
for me well yeah I mean after that after
the curls if I just don't separately
slap that bad and I start working I
sweat gotta peel that shirt off I'll
buff usually I just flex and rip it off
usually just flex it off it's very very
mild down here this ain't no Gold's Gym
what do it Buff Bagwell down here
you don't try it get in line for the fun
fun
what are these even call when are like
like push us okay we got to do him on
the ground boy ready let's do 20 oh my
god I wasn't even recording I got the
last line you didn't do 100 though no I
did bus still camera get it boy get it
boy and bend your elbows it's bend your
elbows and put some put some muscle into
it there you go
get back nice and straight you don't
have to count this thing counts it tells
you everything okay alright okay
I know why you do hey dude there's mommy
she's glued to you I know what you do
workouts in the morning at least for me
because I'm like I don't have the energy
on the driver on the motivation that's
what she wants she just wants to be on
your hips like a little and you go to
the zoo see little monkeys and the
little ones always attached to the
bigger monkey no that's a good spot to
be Cora it's a good spot to be I'm gonna
get you I'm gonna get you so I'm not to
do it me what is going on up here it
sounds like a bunch of whoa it was like
that far from my finger she she who you
up here rustling where's Noah
oh he heard me Collin he's like I'm not
doing nothing you guys saw like a bunch
of wild hyenas Mersey where is he oh you
just ratting him out just like that i
smelling I can't see you you want to
film Nemo
you say hi tool she's like ready to sack
out already see hey Nemo
Zeb Marlin the reef the reef the Reaper
she's not crying at the moment she has
been a little monster today do you
remember when I joked about watching
movies like this and now here it is it
was me too much meat on the street
homemade spaghetti so good so so good
that's what I had somebody I saw random
comment we get there no I'm confused
I saw a random comment randomly on you
on my youtube channel our YouTube
channel yesterday they said show the
cats more so whoever that person was
there is nitro being a cat what all you
want to say hi to him say hi okay
and then hey Korra do you know where
Texas where's Tubbs you see to us do you
see him do you want to go show him where
his tux I'll see if we can find tux
you guys see tux where's tux no no see
were tux this
where's tux oh there's tux
busted good job but maybe it's the time
change but she's like she's shot eight
o'clock and she's like she's done I
think she's been shot since like we got
home she's perfect I think we're gonna
end it right there guys thanks for
hanging out with us today I don't really
even remember what we've filmed today
but it was a little glimpse into our day
I'm gonna leave this far up to you guys
what would you like to see more of in
these videos if there's something we
used to do that you want to see us bring
back see a million comments about the
push-ups I see all kinds of things that
you guys leave but if there's anything
that you guys would like to see more I
see like more fish tank requests to see
more cats more like I see all that stuff
that's like obvious but like if there's
a real like part of our life that we
used to show or we still do and you want
to see more about I'm gonna leave this
part of the bar
- you guys leave it in the comments and
uh yeah people interested in
homeschooling their kids oh yeah I think
they were asked telling me I emails
about it how'd it started stuff like
that so that could be something I don't
know if you guys really want to go
through like a day in the life right
although yeah I don't know I don't know
how cool that would be you know it would
yeah I don't know I don't know I wish
that we would strike in it yeah we can
make it funny make it real and funny I
don't know we're just my main go you
guys know since we've come back just
been it more real just as real as we can
be and that's what we're doing so - you
know - 80% of the blog I'm kidding
we love you guys um - this time change
is killing me - normally I'd like in the
vlog and then go play games but I'm
seven days no games I just can't I
simply can't see like it's so difficult
to look at my computers though uh we
love you guys you're beautiful you're
one of a kind smile more
you
