what up guys is another gray day in Ohio
not bad though
my bad keeping the head up smiling so
I'm on my way to a store and I get a
call from ABC Fox to do an interview so
now I'm just going there cuz that's way
better than going to the store maybe
never know about the newsman sometimes
they're sometimes they're promoted and
sometimes they're demoted you just jump
in whatever all news is good news right
so Ben just showed up maybe see and he's
gonna do a quick interview about our
Christmas video I was dressed like an
elf when's this gonna air tonight
tonight tonight 10 o'clock
oh cool 10 and 11 so I I did the
interview with ABC it was really good
super positive fun and at the end he was
like man I wish I could film you doing
like one of your pranks and I was like I
really don't have anything with me I'm I
was just driving to the store and I
swear to God right when I looked back
there's these two women coming through
this parking lot and I was like hey I do
blogging with strangers do you want me
to do it he was like yeah let's do it
just got here with my two sisters and we
are about to go shopping I'm head of the
store right now I'm gonna do something
cool for you guys tonight right now all
right guys who's ready for a new
giveaway here we go
this is gonna be fun
you guys think you're so smart huh
alright let's let's test it watch one
mmm this guy's huge
how many skittles will fit into that jar
I shouldn't show the bag
I can't show you guys the bags you're
smart you'll probably go by ounces and
wait I should take some out of each bag
and then I'm like yeah it's just gonna
be a mystery how many actually four in
there even to myself now that's a jaw Oh
hold it that's a lot of skittles yo it's
just my chocolate this was like rainbows
alright now this is a giveaway the first
one to comment the exact number of
skittles they just gonna take us forever
to count those nine count now he's gonna
wait we're gonna weigh one and then no
we gotta count
we gotta count we did just to be active
we'll do that tomorrow first want to
tell me exactly comment the exact number
of skittles in this jar
put you soldiers to the test
this is way better way to give stuff
away whoever whoever guesses the exact
number first gets a Roman soldier
t-shirt a smile more t-shirts stickers
and a smile more beating the whole
package dude how many do you think's
there just take a guess I don't know
10,000 15,000 you think it's that hard
eeeh I know that's probably the CB
number I big is my head hey yeah
wonder how many skittles are in my brain
I mean you're about to be in you're
right I want to get some what I've
actually all right guys have at it have
fun guess your number guess your number
I'm gonna take a guess I'm just gonna
say 1000 just a vague number 1000
skittles but I have absolutely no idea
ace has a bacon lollipop and I think the
funniest part is the grease stain on the
back how many skittles do you think are
in here you think a thousand that's what
I said
11,000 Colin says 1000 Carson says
11,000 I made you take two all right
whatever your number whatever you
thought it was - tip all right so I got
to my brother's house and he printed how
many pictures seventeen hundred and six
seventeen hundred photos from way back
when - now everything and we got some
crazy throw backs for you I like this
one a lot this is uh me my blonde hair
this is me and Dale with my mom and the
Bahamas I was seven here kind of looks
like Noah knows me now that won't go
ahead a half sleeve look how rich well
not net but yeah - gather that's me
yeah it's instant classic how old it is
Oh No oh my just keep getting better
look at the Pepsi case barmy oh yeah
there's a dog nah dude your bike with
mags I was like this is my bike yo
this is our dog beau was Danny look at
that thing he was mean die rock this
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle shirt that's
for sure
like every photo this is a classic right
in annum hair I still play on the tub
just like that yeah I still sit sideways
right at horsey ride that horsey we're
back home and it is time to call it a
night it's actually almost 1 o'clock in
the morning Kane you were up way too
late diaper boy
we are crashing out tomorrow I think I'm
gonna take this tree down
maybe there's so much crap in this house
I think this is gonna be fun this
actually came from an idea somebody left
me for the giveaways and I loved it so
much that I had to go out today and do
it I could not find the person that
email me this idea so if you're watching
this please email me again I will credit
you in the next video I promise this is
a killer idea guys tell me the exact
number of skittles in this jar and you
get the whole smile market and a Roman
soldier t-shirt
love ya wait wait let me get like an
actual thing of how big it is bigger
than my head let me at the bottom notice
they're gonna pause it and count this
count it outside and calculate and call
that it's wait let me do us a turn you
stay there
a huge that's what she said it's huge
Kane do you want a skittle how many you
think is in there do you know how many's
in here how many well there's a few last
now Colin and Carson took some - hey
that's your 1:00 in the morning skittle
Luisi you little rocks oh you got to up
guys hey guess what this is three vlogs
in a row huh oh wait how many skittles
do you think is in here I literally I
know you have no idea what do you like a
thousand I said a thousand all right
love you guys till tomorrow smile more
