good morning good morning good morning
we were walking here to give the kids a
little hay ride today
are you tuckered out cold well put your
coat on jump from what I've heard we get
ready to take a hay ride are you ready I
heard it does loop-de-loops and a creek
jump we get on
come on we made it we made it on the
hayride Kate are you ready yeah ready
Gilroy are you ready yeah yeah oh yeah
yeah yeah I'm gonna push you off so hard
pick one out which pumpkin you want you
want that one you like that one that one
that's a good one
oh no is Anya
should be now this is cabin livid
forget those tents and that primitive
stuff yeah luxury camping what is that
bike so we're headed out right now
because the entire campground does
trick-or-treat which is awesome wanna
wear his shirt but and I really blew it
because I was gonna be a fisherman and I
was gonna be hooked akane but I suck
shower and catty showers why does that
have anything to do you're making worse
excuses than I am
Connor that is awesome oh my gosh we got
a couple Batman's that was Batman ninja
it actually looks like part of it
supposed to fight me look at the little
pumpkin
so since none of us adults got costumes
chase claims that he did come ask
somebody what's up guys not I'm here
with my my brother man we just got done
camping you know we're having a good
time and hey what's up man I have no
idea who he is
maybe you guys can figure give me all
your candy give me all your candy
or cheating oh yeah came like there's a
puppy I guess I'll be the shark now it's
got chocolate candy face that's pretty
cool yeah you know trick-or-treat is
officially over now it's time to see
what these little monsters got I do
here's your's Cave left a cab big Cody
where's all yours it's a gummy bracelet
Yugi you
next stop is grilling out meats foods
hamburgers hot dogs guys making fun of
me vlogging no thinking that looks like
your face when you use to eat a lot of
pizza oh you're always the sweetest
there breaking of this guy's cavern come
on it block myself out
oh yeah oh yeah
well sorry have to go gonna do key this
chase cook picked a lock I'm useless but
he has a car remember earlier I said
screw primitive living wow we're this is
not primitive living what do you eat are
you all done with your marshmallow yeah
alright guys I got a vlog in the
bathroom because the kids are asleep
Britney's trying to put her pants alone
we are calling it a night I got one
question for you though wait this is two
blogs in a row okay what will the people
do to vlogs in a row guys I'm on some
kind of record
alright guys no seriously for the loyal
viewers you guys thank you so much I
know I haven't been vlogging every day
it's hard it's tough I get it
but I'm still an awesome dad
alright I love you guys what are you
gonna be for Halloween you got to tell
me well where are you for out line oh
it's not even that time yet
oh my voice Britney lost her voice
because she kept yelling all right guys
I love you kids are asleep we got it we
gotta cool it what were you guys for
Halloween or what are you gonna be for
Halloween tell me in the comments I want
to hear it Noah was a ninja Cain was a
shark I was pathetic I was a kitty few
weeks ago
oh yeah all right guys we love you till
tomorrow smile more we'll see you later
it's your birthday Cain is 2 today guys
sit we're gonna start our day have some
fun
oh really
