what is up guys welcome to another day
in the life of the at words welcome to
our home guys I was trying to think of a
spot that I've never started the
blogging I think right here getting to
the speaker plot what because you'd
always say that would slash Smith that
would slash Smith well it's officially
that is over I was a different time a
different a different lifetime no I feel
great
no I was like I'm a selectively like
summer I never started which was right
here I don't know pointless anyway core
come down here anyway guys um welcome we
are if you watched yesterday's vlog I
kind of hyped up I kind of melt the idea
of this great idea that I came up with
and I'm so pumped about and we are doing
it today so judging by the sound she's
having a great time Korra
oh she's down here upside down that's
how bad she doesn't want to come down
here is that better is that the spot you
wanted just some mama I don't want to
look back at these vlogs
she was really that's like we look back
at like Kane being so little and it's
like oh we missed that so much here any
year we're gonna look back make oh my
god I know and she laid with me and did
a binky peaking on me I feel anyway I'm
trying to tell you guys about this great
idea I'm really so anyways I hope that
you guys have been joining the daily
vlogs again like I can't believe we're
actually doing daily vlogs yet it's
honestly something I said I'd never do
again I just I don't know I've been
having so much fun with it now I also
hope you guys can appreciate how little
we've been doing so little branding and
sponsorships and we really do so much
less of that now and I hope you guys do
enjoy that we do have sponsors and
brands that we love and will continue to
push we also have you know obligations
to certain companies that we have that
we got to do and then we have our
company that we love dearly we stand and
live behind it and we've shared it with
you guys for so many years I saw a video
of our when we when we moved in this
house and in the basement was our little
small more store and we just haven't
said a word about smile more for like
two weeks so today's a day baby we got
the new black and white you know what I
call these the winter edition comfy
cuddly winter it's just like that cozy
blanket I mean this one's winning for
Cora right now she's like anything with
a silky corner to smile more it is our
company and we should be promoting our
own company the most so the winter couch
bed I seen a lot of you guys hanging
these on your walls like your bedroom
walls decoration reminders with the
message but today the winter edition
smile more comfy blankets Arvind
on the store parents should get it for
their kids like now you have no reason
not to make your bed get it off me
do you want mommy to move honey are they
tickling me she is so yes mom or
blankets are in stock black and white
and full color there's actually both are
now so that's awesome and of course we
have so many new things coming out for
we kind of put some amor on the side cuz
we're doing all new stuff like new or
new new companies I feel weird
explaining that in the house you usually
would do that in the store whatever I
have a great idea today and I want to do
this I I think my girls are out I don't
know we gotta go get our kids so why
don't we do that
let's go get our kids by the way I was
watching a really old vlog that we did I
think it was I think it keeps popping up
maybe it is for you guys too but the
vlog where we announce daily vlogs
starting now four years ago four years
ago when I actually did start daily
vlogs and I didn't miss a day for five
hundred and fifty days that was the
video that started it we just moved in
this house oh my gosh watching the kids
I forgot what I explained that there was
a reason what's your problem what's your
problem huh yeah let me help you can
tell by the hair she's having a rough
day
oh my god they too without that's what
it is have bottles away no more I just
picked this on my forehead are you gonna
believe now don't pick it for your
lawyer oh okay I promise I'm not
actually hyping this oh my god if you
shut the door right now it's game over I
swear I'm not
essentially hyping up this idea we just
actually have to get our kids and I want
them to be a part of this one going on
over there I'm gonna go get the kids
we're gonna do this hey do you think the
kids are gonna want to come oh you ready
come on come on I got the greatest idea
ever Pixy sticks eat like oh don't you
talking about cane you ready go home
Oh perfect all right we got fifty
percent return right alright guys
warping
but it it is blurry okay okay let's do
this I talked about this yesterday I
kind of usually when I have the idea I
do it in the same vlog but I didn't I
got all these giant styrofoam airplanes
4-foot wingspan these babies are awesome
you guys know I've put them on our seat
excuse me I got a slowdown I put them on
our seat cars about wings Adam we put
rock did we do right yeah we put Rockets
on them but today I got an idea that
literally I've never seen I've never I
just want to try it it is insanely windy
outside so I don't know if this is gonna
work at all today but we're doing it I'm
doing it by the way we shot yesterday
thumbnail today here right there
and I was like holding all the planes
and Britt was like ah you know typical
but that's where we did it poor you down
there here comes the airplane
here comes two more airplanes here comes
two more they fly really good even in
the package here comes another out my
ladies know you ready you ready oh you
look like you're doing the wait a moat
okay well we're just going outside
Britney brought me this here's your
lunch it's like cauliflower broccoli
hard water ulta snack that's good it's
so windy look at the pool cover if there
was not water in it would probably blow
off yesterday I think like half the
Leafs were on them trees now we can do a
giant leaf pile though that'll be fun we
could do that tomorrow
don't rain and baby carry these alright
guys here's the idea
here's the idea this is kind of an old
like old-school feeling of the vlogs
today because it's a really good idea if
you've been watching the blog for a long
time you guys may remember actually okay
I don't even know how to explain this I
don't even know how I got this idea
I said styrofoam airplanes are fun
they're fun I enjoy them the kids enjoy
them they're just a great outdoor thing
but what if I had some way to launch
that Styrofoam airplane to to just
increase the acceleration to make this
I'm a scientist now to make this thing
fly like an eagle man need something
right well then I got the bacon we mean
no not Brian you can't make what you
want to test it I build it to fly you
know but like just one of these
I came up with the whole design Brian we
trust your thunder okay before I show
that before I show that you guys might
remember I used to shoot tennis balls
out of this thing for Zeus and they
would go flying
we shot pop cans out of this thing it's
basically an air cannon right here this
baby shoots a ton of air out of this
canister Oh area it was right there and
you can tell by all the coloring in it
that we've shot a lot of things out of
it so I said how do we get a star from
airplane to have some type of blood on
it that we can shoot out of the air
cannon and this is what we've come up
with this is genius yeah it is a jet and
look oh well here put it in here oh my
genius oh it's pretty wobbly dude I feel
like this I need to shorten this I feel
like this right here needs to be deleted
but Howie can't do that now see that's
why Brian's here just got to cut it from
the front
dude yeah lose like 3-4 inches off that
all right before we get too far into it
I should show you guys how this thing
works shoots a ton of air it doesn't
shoot anything out of it other than air
so it's really interesting unit
but let's shoot a plot can okay so this
is a pop cam soda can you know just the
can of pop here we go
yeah it's not too loud you can cover
your ears though it's fine
okay we're gonna shoot a pop can
whoo that's a soda can and went all the
way to the fence
which I don't know that a good distance
for a can of pop and I think the can
broke it popped did you see all the pop
on semen that's why the coke oh that
thing is a lot louder than a fucking
pussy I think that we're gonna have to
add weight to the nose of this thing
like a lot of weight because this is a
five-pound weight oh no not that much
but like think about this isn't much but
it makes a big difference on the plane I
don't know the wind is so crazy
I don't know what this point you shoot
you shoot into the winner again or with
the wind you want a helmet I got tons a
helmet put that mad dog on right there
boy yeah that worked too little work I'm
really hoping that we don't have to
build a second one I got all these for
extras yesterday but I'm really hoping
we don't break any the wings on the
trial shots cuz I want to I want to see
if the single fly just as it is just
like that the other option is that the
air is just gonna blow the whole back
end off of it that's right let's try all
you can do is try right we'll know
exactly how not to do it next time yeah
it's not as much wind behind this
building and then we can just shoot it
that way test shot it's just the tape
breaking in here we go test flight
number one air cannon verse four floor
styrofoam airplane how many glasses I'm
gonna put glasses on I should have
sunglasses on anyway and then I don't
know if the styrofoam or something did
anything I don't want anything near my
eyes but
are you serious the last pair of glasses
Brian had he lost jet skiing in the plum
dude I'll take care of him bro brand-new
the full coverage uh-huh these are like
goggles safety goggles here we go
hey if this thing goes flying flying
like really flying I need you guys after
it goes flying to go get it cool well
you better put your hacking boots on I
kind of feel like this is gonna be a
disaster because this wind on a real
calm day we send this thing to another
state one of you guys would find this in
your backyard
you see it yeah you might wanna just go
that way it was so for have wait a
minute I'm confused yeah I don't know
this just slid off give a one that it
pushed forward like well how did the
error why didn't it go let's try again
maybe that maybe the cannon was a dud I
didn't feel any pressure I get shot out
like a bag of feathers like I didn't
feel it when you shoot the can or
something it's like you feel it like
it's it was I'm gonna be why the can
broke because it's so much for some so
much pressure that's why it exploited
that kid well this is being so soft it's
just you telling me this is on you
because you built that what do we need a
can you try it at this point we don't
need this to stay here we can use the
rod it's just the projectile the plug
and then it can it can detach like a
rocket going into space tennis balls
would be great two tennis balls on that
rod yeah what
that was epic you guys don't know a
thing about excitement all right this is
off to a really rocky start I actually
thought that thing would just blow into
you I ever thought it's gonna blow into
pieces or do something did nothing right
I love this I love this idea this should
add some real serious support to that
but right no it has it has to go launch
number two is underway we are clear for
takeoff runway three one three yet now
it has to fit so snug like it has to go
somewhere it pushed this blue it pushed
this all the way into oh wow all right
it can't work any worse you know what I
mean ready
yeah I'm ready are you ready I'm so just
blew the whole butt off that thing
I'm serious don't look at the can pal it
shove the wings it shoved our oh jeez it
got rear-ended that's what you call a
stage three blowout right there dang it
so much horsepower for a little I know
we got to go back to the drawing board
on this I think we got to reinforce the
whole back end play the steel on one
strip of tape would have saved that oh
my god I spent hours okay man all right
it's funniest fails are like legit I'm
so bummed I really in my head seen this
going a different direction mainly up
and forward
oh yeah let's see up for Brian's glasses
go out okay I think I think that our
foam yeah it's too soft
so when when this thing is getting blown
out from the back it's just turning in
too much give but then if there was not
enough give the plane would just blow up
our I think we had a happy mix of that
one thanks for sure I'm not gonna give
up yet not that easy we've got to have
an alternative technique I mean imagine
if they just gave up on the whole idea
flying you know ride our bikes a car to
the other side of the world
Brian I said no power tools smoothing it
up does it fit in there that's really
hard
that's a plastic bottle for retargeting
it's probably cuz you've got all these
holes on do I have any without holes
all right instead of putting the we had
this long dowel rod going through the
center of the plane through the
styrofoam that was the problem I'm sure
that was the problem now we're just
gonna mount it to the underbelly the
belly of the plane and hopefully it
doesn't just slide forward here in the
cargo area
this one just screams it's gonna work
plus we're adding we're in her front
weight with a big driver a big old
driver this one just screams it's gonna
work look at this big old socket driver
on there this war tape yeah you want
some yeah yeah feeling what it's know
the last two before you can't write or
flew like a flute amazing I don't know
how the third one's gonna do but yeah
first you were awesome all right you
mean they this is the only number three
it's gonna be our final test for the day
it's gonna work and the wind calm down
here we go goons will never fly no oh my
we just injected that bottle up into the
so even with all our safety support that
thing slid no no this went through the
oh right oh yeah
so what you just snipped it you don't
think it's just gonna come out more yeah
here in the zip tie here stop this
bottle I just can't believe the actual
amount of air that comes out of that is
so much it's just it's actually
surprising I didn't think that breaking
the plane there would be an issue I
thought yeah we're gonna break some
wings or it just has so much force it
literally blows into the point all right
round four Oh what happened there you
have no rear wings but whoever needed
those here we go we took flight on that
one if we had the rear wings it would
not a nose dove okay all right we got
somewhere where's the bottles I never
thought I'd be so excited name is the
wing never thought I'd be not excited to
see a plane fly 30 feet Wow the bottle
made it all the way back to the fence
how did that leave the plane now I'm
upset if we had the rear wings it wasn't
a nose though the rear keeps the plane
it's the big pilot of there the socket
was not heavier than the rear so I don't
blame the socket on the nosedive I don't
know it's not my department
dude that's it the bottle detached so
all the weight was in the nose dang it
the good news is we still have three
planes I'm going to build on this one
before we're gonna start a new world
champion styrofoam air can and bring
your own planes well we had different
methods all of which we've never tested
or even tried stuff we learned three
ways not to do it and by the third one
each one was better
hey it's almost better it did fly if
it's like well guys I hope you enjoyed a
little kind of an old-school style
everyone's kinda
busy today man I think the kids had
other kids over and they were kind of in
their own world and and Britt was super
busy with all kinds of stuff and huh
it really was no win like knocked all
the Leafs up some may be a huge leaf
pile is in order something something fun
yeah everyone's just kind of their own
world cause already asleep and wait
number wait number she's hey hey yeah we
bought past some time like an alliance
it's been hours hours since I was out in
the girls doing that so we like did like
duties is like that it was like though
it was like the wild household we're
like one kids lying and crying they
stopped and the other ones whining
crying it's like to fall on just like
real-life household itself I'd even
think about the camera until right now
we love you guys thank you so much it's
kind of kind of an old feel today or
it's just like alright everyone's busy
I'm gonna go out and make some content
for you guys wasn't that real life
vlogging free about thanks for being
here either way day 23 I think feels
good man feels awesome love you guys
thinks probably likes the shares the
tweets everything thank you
well see you tomorrow you're beautiful
one-of-a-kind
you
