yeah hide you can't hide from me kicking
liver that's always what I get start the
morning off right this is look so good
man
I don't know this is a lot to eat
would you get locaters yogurt YUM just a
very very very lazy lazy day huh yeah
it's been really lazy just killing some
Doritos is that funny why is that funny
Oh up to head down to the beach of
course just hanging out we really just
being lazy today we're not doing
anything I love that shirt you're
wearing ha ha ha you don't have a choice
daddy dresses yes so sit at the pool
today and the bartender at the bar comes
up to me and says hey I got a really
weird call I said what was it he said
that some guy called he gave him his
credit card number and said he would buy
Brittany and I drinks so - the whole -
the whole army and whoever bought us
drinks thank you so much cheers to you
guys
everyone that's watching we love you
thank you mmm we got rum punch rum punch
and I wish you would have left the name
because I have no idea who you are it he
said aw so I'll check Twitter and stuff
see if somebody said anything right I
will murder you if you ever cut your
hair growing this for five years since
we've been together it was like up to
here
this place is awesome
Oh digging the hole digging the hole
digging the hole dig in the hole you
guys ever heard that song by Judas
Priest dig in the hole it's love that
song
you got stopped down Herod daddy will do
his ready boom there's mommy's okay you
put yours right here
but we really haven't done anything
today but dressed so we're gonna do some
night swimming now the kids have some
fun where mommy out I started to wear
you out
nothing like sipping on a smoothie
cheers buddy
today was just a super lazy day I feel
like I should apologize for such a short
video but about going through this I
know you guys are just gonna be like
you're on vacation who cares but we
didn't do anything today nothing
exciting we just hung out as a family
film we didn't bring the camera really
too much we just hung out and had a good
time trying to get a little break before
I go back home and business starts again
so guys oh I want to give a shout out to
about the shout out to Andrew he tweeted
hope you enjoy the drinks so I'm
assuming that was you that bought us the
drinks dude you're awesome thank you we
enjoyed it we had a great time they were
delicious
they were good all right guys tomorrow
will be a whole new day and whole new
adventure
till then smile more love you
