breakfast time but I'm ready to eat you
want even come over here what a chicken
she's gonna head down to the beach for a
little bit you're gonna go this place
called coral world right that was gone I
think we're gonna go to tomorrow morning
that place looks awesome but we're just
head to the beach relax
whatever no and I have been on a mission
to find a coconut since we got here we
finally found a guy that hooked it up
has an incredible nut right there an ass
that is a protected nut you the man
throw you a 10-spot we've been looking
for one all week the coconut that's one
of my favorite flavors in the entire
world
hmm very good huh that is right
seems like you likes me
I still get them beat flowers know as a
nice puppy huh really want to go see if
the flyboard guys there a jet board he
has not been there ever he's not there
his signs there but he's not there and
everyone keeps telling me he'll be there
he's not I get really sick and tired of
it
I finally here I'm so excited this is
gonna be amazing I'm gonna bust my face
I have a feeling I gotta say never been
more excited I'm about to jump on the
flyboard finally I had to wait a couple
hours then the hook everything up I'm
thrilled
Paul Kane's gonna help me you know watch
me you know root me on watch me bust my
head open
well that was unbelievably fun but
coming in I just whacked a jellyfish Oh
got my love handle going for that not
swim baby not swim baby what do you
think of the port night awesome okay and
you like swimming at night is awesome
are you passing out on me you want me to
lay their thumbs up man the best you're
the best in the world
once again wrap it up tonight's vlog I
am beat my eyes are burning out of my
head are you tired I'm beyond tired we
like we did a lot today you guys are
crazy
like I see in the comments it says where
u at where u guys vacation there's a
reason I didn't say where I was going
because I was just with the kids and it
wasn't business it was just for fun and
even without telling you where I was
going
I've still got fans calling the hotel
showing up at my hotel came to my hotel
and found me how long were you looking
for
like I was here from since like 12:45
and I don't know it's only got free
tonight guys keep that smile on faces on
we'll see you tomorrow smile more
