good morning guys I just woke up let the
dog out so did you like yesterday's
prank the the second attempt prank it
went over well
the cops still haven't heard anything
perfect
don't need to hear anything I might I
might have broken a law maybe they'll
see they're gonna check today's just
gonna be a family fun day I'm gonna take
the kids I'm gonna take the family oh
and have some fun you guys ready to have
some fun I was terrible
you guys ready have some fun yeah like
it yeah some real fun today going on an
adventure big adventure
he drove an hour for the rain yes still
want to go since its rainin yeah yeah
who cares about a little rain her name
where'd you even come from I'm the
creepy kid that's in the corner
Owen we think it is Chad this is a part
of old man's cave actually it's Cedar
Falls Cedar Falls is that from the movie
up is that what that voices call
what is that called in and up Cedar
Falls
it's Cedar Falls I don't remember this
is cool I'll jump to me
how's that rain feel cold
what'd you think alright will you see
all the water this place is awesome
where did he go we gotta go find it
let's do this way I absolutely love it
adventuring rocks cliffs woods jungle
bats river place is awesome
actually it's probably Creek it's
probably a creek do you know what makes
a river a river at least a hundred miles
long to make it a river I'm an idiot i
flowing through school I've no idea this
is how you down super terrain
if I do not if I didn't have these boots
have you done gain would be done we'd be
done dude he's gonna be awesome huh
won't you come out here what if that
thing Falls these fell looks fine this
place is pretty awesome so it turns out
that bringing a kid that's not even two
years old it's harder than I thought it
would be hang on they are racing racing
oh no it's a shortcut huh how many miles
do we want how's my guest - lets gonna
say that or that so tonight is my best
buddy's son's birthday which is also in
the family and we just dropped Noah off
he's going to a wrestling match tonight
with my dad ken always likes to put his
hands in the pool
always how's it feel Kayne to feel good
so I'm at Britt's parents house they're
out of town there's no kids here perfect
time to grill some chicken these little
guys he's like chicken fingers so since
there's nobody here at this house what
do you want to do upper inner thigh or
iron this is like an ocean-themed goes
all the way up to the sharks at the top
of the world he's got space planets up
here
that's just the ocean goes all the way
around and then I have the Statue of
Liberty yummy
sweeties to date her and I every day
let me start working out yeah I mean do
you even lift it the only kid I know
that will eat green beans right out of
the can like oh hey you do that no yeah
are they good dude flex your muscles
pain pay attention to the road watch the
road yeah we're gonna get your license
if you're not watching cane you drove
all the way here dude give me five don't
see Brittany jump on the trampoline one
you can do it
oh my gosh uh mommy how to jump she
don't know how baby I got you a present
yeah this a nice wrapping as the
president we got Poland cane what is
that is that what is that who oh that's
a terrible present brandy and you
watched it into my videos for you I want
to do a cool giveaway like something
cool I've given away GoPros and iPads
and HD glasses and stuff like that what
is something I can give you you guys the
ones that watch the video to the end
I'll do the giveaway at the end this
channel is not even a week old and you
guys are here so I want to do something
now and do a giveaway like now tomorrow
the next day tell me in the comments
what you think I should give away that's
it for today guys if you didn't see
yesterday's prank check it out please
like it and share it it's a really fun
video we had a blast making it other
than that I do vlog tomorrow thanks for
watching today's vlog smile one you
before yeah let me would you guys play
we got called in as a ring so that's
making a false report somebody else
that's there for yeah it's not funny for
us we get called as a round ogress
