what's up Atwood oh he's making fun of
me pump that's my boy Noah we are headed
up to meet Dennis and Kevin to talk
about this week's pranks is we are way
behind on pranks we're gonna bang them
out I have two of them for you this week
awesome
let the praise Dennis and Kevin and we
are out of going down all champs this is
like you've seen it before it's like our
go-to place man mainly because it's only
kids meals so you usually get the the
mac and cheese where to cut up hot dogs
right it's like your baby yeah every
time every time huh woman loves this
sample everything all the grease that's
not on the kids menu no you get corn
dogs dude yeah this is what I get every
time I come here what'd you get I didn't
my the waitress doesn't like me as much
as she likes you no now listen if you if
you don't film pranks for your dad does
does he beat you pretty severely no no
it's it's okay you can you can tell me
I'm an adult it's the last that we're
gonna see keV back to LA man back to LA
for me I've been living out of my
suitcase for a month I'm ready to go
home we are home you guys remember Kade
cane was in my yawning video the one
around the world the most contagious
video ever say hi cane that's something
that I used to do when I was a kid I'm
gonna show these guys what to do with it
all you needs an old bike this is one of
my old their bikes and two towels to
towels and some tape you got to put a
towel on the front and then a towel on
the back Jane wants to try are you ready
to try
was so high good it's pretty yummy it's
my girl Britt we've been together almost
five years she's put up with a lot
before I even had a youtube channel she
was with me let me just tell you first
date out he took me out and his work man
the whole time to the restaurant the
back page was I still I had a work van
that I picked her up Anna
I wasn't even nervous about so this is
where this is where I edit my price this
is where the magic happens this is my
very messy just pieces of equipment and
hobbies and editing the dog substitutes
do they bleed hey baby
probably the most common question I get
is what kind of mics do you use for your
pranks how do you go so far away and get
that perfect audio so tomorrow I will go
over that will cover the mics I'll cover
the cameras I use the editing software
all that good stuff because I know that
that is like I get a lot of emails
that's probably the most common email I
get is the equipment you use so I'll go
over that tomorrow and you get my floor
all dirty it's all dirty
that's all dirty all right guys thank
you so much for watching this is a brand
new channel I'm pretty nervous about it
I'm not used to doing vlogs especially
solo Dennis and I do a lot of stuff
together on videos and this is just
something I want to do on my own but I
want to talk to you guys if you got any
questions for me hit me in the comments
I want this to be very personal you guys
can talk to me I talked back stuff like
that it'll be a lot of fun I think
what's your guys's favorite social
network right now I honestly can't
decide what I want to push everybody
says Twitter but I'm just not that big
on Twitter I don't like Twitter that
much Instagram is my favorite social
platform right now if you have Instagram
add me on Instagram say what's up I want
to
you guys on Instagram that is my
favorite platform right now so say
what's up let's talk and zoos you look
so sad what's the matter what's the
matter baby talk to me talk to me baby
all right guys smile more that is my
motto I want you to do it keep smiling
big prank in two days on the main
channel I cannot wait to put it up we've
been like two weeks without a price so
see you guys soon
