what is it what is it what is it about
Mondays what is it about Mondays why is
it so it's legit real what is that
helping mac-and-cheese what is it about
mondays guys oh did you just throw your
Apple uh-oh
I can't we flushed it and take it and
bury it in the dirt real fast me wash it
you want to wash it alright it's
Monday's guys and Britt and I were
talking about today we're like what is
it about today's are the struggles why
do the same thing every day what's the
difference for us between Saturday and
Tuesday when you upload daily every day
is the same
I mean Sunday's we take it easy but I'm
done I'm done for the day it's only we
got a lot of day left she uh makes that
yeah oh my god it's on fire yeah we got
your bread up no I'm Harry Apple you
comfy welcome to our Mondays vlog guys
we have been odd I don't know what it is
get ton of dun dun dun I think it's
coming back from the weekend weather we
have a weekend or not it's that we have
employees we have business we have small
more we have the vlogs everything but
there's just something about Mondays you
guys probably deal with this - I've
always see the memes you know coming
back to Monday is like and it's true
dude I really thought it today it's not
know that what's so easy
pronounce it bent that's right this is
Kane's already done almost all of school
today this is like the last thing to go
over this giant list giant lists the
words look at that that's a lot of words
did Pat or no hat I've been trying to do
the no hat thing for a couple days I
don't know I'm just switching things up
guys crazy thing today I was supposed to
go in and get my contacts taken out of
my eyes from my surgery they both fell
out last night like no joke an hour
apart from each other I started getting
so irritated I started like robbing like
I couldn't take it any longer the next
thing I know the contacts like on my
finger which was weird for me because
I've never one context in my life so it
felt really strange
regi a wedgie about an hour later same
thing with the other eye and they told
me that the contacts could fall out
before I made it to the visit so I don't
even have to go there today
my visions still incredibly blurry so
blurry I'm not gonna complain and I
realize the last five days I have
complained
Souma I have complained so many times
not gonna do it I'm just gonna tell you
if eyes are really blurry and that's the
end of it
which is normal by the way according to
them it's normal supposed to be blurry
still sucks water out right now canes
finishing up school
Noah's those who check on Noah hey I
love you guys if your heads up alright
you got it you got it
substitute teacher in the house that's
me nah glum no glum no glum is Noah down
there what do you mean in school you
almost done all right when you're done
come eat what did you get a little
cheese holy moly
holy cannoli Wow dinner and a movie
that's not flash I see that are you
supposed to be on the carpet off the
carpet Mon you know the rules
oh there's the law talk to me like that
back to the classroom okay so this could
be done for maybe up young kids and
they're not you don't even have to be
homeschooled to do this they're Brit and
Kane are making their homemade star
chart basically what's the reward I'd
say
I haven't yet but he has a treasure
chest
they don't be here this week city so
every day he does perfect to school no
no yeah every day that he does perfect
we're gonna he's making his stars we're
gonna do the smiley faces and I'm ready
to get the pick a day out of the chest
that's awesome mmm yes 4 K knob viously
it's school every day he does good
against but you could do this with
anything maybe it's you have kids I
don't know if you ticket you take a
shower everyday that would be probably
harder than school really beg these kids
to take showers man
oh you're going all in you're like
making this thing last label I did each
one of the dates and then put velcro on
each one those teachers just do it get a
new poster each month but I've reused
the same on all year yeah you're a month
behind I know
October anymore that's really cool you
just turn that thing into an official
document if the race and time just going
back into time that's right is it cold
and sunny that's right yeah it is cold
and sunny I think you're all up-to-date
what is this though it's not Tuesday
Monday you guys are so awesome Akeem
what happened here what is this I
reminded him that I could eat this for
the whole year so I think you just did
that I'm thinking you had Cora do your
homework look at that that's not look
what is the difference there something's
up cool man well there's a little bit of
our real life and some of the things
that go on inside of our household a
regular cool all right it's that time a
week you get all your bringing smelly
eggs in the car like mommy why in the
car well why do you guys bring eggs in
the car how has it been a week already
since wheat
Kane Conrad for the after-school
activities we went to the pumpkin pie
he's that been a week dude that does not
feeling does it feel like a week ago
Kane 30 feels like yesterday so it was
like was it five nights ago it was like
right after I got my eye surgery I it
was like dark the whole room was dark
and I was like I got this idea I was
like I got this idea with with I'm just
gonna she's not gonna back me up anyway
we dropped the kids off and last week we
went into store Britt wanted to go to
and we got a bunch of stuff everything
from Ken it doesn't matter
today I'm on a mission because tomorrow
I want to do it's kind of old school
feels like an old school vlog tomorrow I
think you know what I'm gonna do you
don't remember the airplane so you do
remember
I don't are you oh it is that time so
soon Christmas okay quick question
before I get into what I was just
talking about did fortnight bring llamas
back as something that is everywhere now
or was llamas just happened to be coming
back at the same time cuz I see llamas
everywhere I mean I do love llamas for
important before fortnight came out I
got Noah stuffed animal Alma before for
tonight remember so maybe llamas were
already on there they were already on
them on the move that's it is it just me
or picture frames just now getting
popped that is totally you I'm not a lie
coffee strung cuz she only drinks her
coffee black honey did you
these are door knobs I had no idea that
doorknobs existed like this and why so
many days you know
that's a good idea it would drive you
insane
I just I had no idea I had no idea that
door like are you serious dude oh I
don't mind
whoa come on you did not know about this
many doorknobs no never no and then
order these hooks hooks is that my eyes
or the screen blurry screen flurry not
the best part of these random shopping
evenings are to these random stories
together it actually is like we get just
I don't know you'd hang out it's like
we're boyfriend/girlfriend again like we
keep our lips they don't even wear
lipstick I need chapstick
all I need is lattes and chapstick I did
come to the store for one specific
reason and I hope that it's not seasonal
it is kind of an outdoor item definitely
not used in the winter as much and I've
actually bought them here before so I
mean let's go all right well they got to
I think these are the big 4 foot that's
pretty big okay so these are the big
styrofoam planes that I don't know
you've seen them I know you've seen
these before I have like a golden idea
with that I've never seen done in my
life and I legit like what
so dude I want to do model trains just
to decorate you know the palm trees dude
what do you need
five is Louie put their six pocket oh
okay I'm gonna borrow your car no for
real though I'm I wish they had more
than two I needed like five but ooh Oh
jackpot
I got different colors to that you know
what I think I think toys are getting
cool
they're like more cool than when I was a
kid but now everyone's playing video
games like it's I feel like the cooler
the toys get the cooler the video games
are getting and that thing those things
that are addicting their addicting man
there's some cool toys out here I don't
know if this would interest all of you
but for some of you brick keeps a
planner like one of these and they make
them really cool like even for us guys
I'm like that's cool they make some cool
planners and they usually have like some
type of motivational quote or something
on it but it's like every day out of the
year and Brits is like these are custom
like you can customize it I'm gonna say
this you have more planners than you
have plans
it's like planner for like literally
three different flavors but her planner
makes our life a lot easier like I know
it's paper and pen but it's like it's
old-school but it is awesome I don't
know you could definitely give it a shot
and they have like cheap on they have
just paper ones we can just get but
that's cool one day at a time like I
love that one and being a little more
organized helps you so much you don't
get so backed up and you're strip like
that equals stress right you get all
packed up and you're freaking out I
gotta get so much done it all piles up
she's my she's my life there don't care
anything about everyday
I need you every day you bought me every
day
let me just one more thing about my eyes
my eyes are so bad right now I thought
that said Elon Musk was just like are
you kidding Wow every night melt like
all his motivation its Shannon
today was talking about this podcast she
listened to about how sports like things
that you get told in sports just one
second Shannon is Britt's personal
trainer you saw her in yesterday's ball
yeah they asked who she was she was
saying about how like the things that
you learn in sports you need to use in
your everyday life and this random book
too blessed to be stressed not and add
by the way negative pain I open this and
it says positive talk isn't just crucial
in sports it's a huge part of everyday
stress management I guess that's that
like that's a weird it's like literally
last week I opened the book and it said
smile I know I remember that baby you
see keep he keep opening books not the
checkbook though keep that one shut
alright mission complete in the time
change dude it's dark already
no yeah it wasn't dark I almost forgot
another thing about winners it's so dark
so early that's why I feel so sleepy at
night I want all the car alarms to go
off alright let's go pick up the little
monsters do these kids are crazy conrad
and kane feel like them two together
a total takeover of anywhere they're
having I'm trying to plug this into
water Bob wait you might you might have
to move s no way that's a different spot
yeah you should be fine oh my gosh no
way no that's the C boat for the there's
still seatbelts
do you guys have fun oh sweet they were
freaking out when they went in when they
went in it was daylight when they came
out like it's dark I was like you've
been in there for like 15 minutes you
know we're excited when you got new
shampoo and soaps and body washes and me
and Noah's fighting over who gets the
coconut one women be shopping Oh
all right what'd you find in the bag
some ski poles was this put one here she
is bedtime Billy let me see here are you
trying to look through it is that what
you're trying to do here look through
look through I see you I'll shove it my
eye
ready ready ready let me see look
through him look through I think she
wants to look through it
I think she's passed the happy core
stage happy M I've got energy stage well
I don't understand what you want it's
like she knows there's a wrapper on it
and she wants it opened well maybe she
thinks it's wrapping paper and there's
something minute I don't know core what
you think it is girl bunk bunk well mom
these are the worst toys ever worst toys
ever penny yeah think you got flush you
got him
oh yeah girl get it hey I got us a game
I got us a game it's old school it's not
a computer game hey you like that
sweater what do you think it says here's
the pants that go with it
mommy
sorry you can still wear it ain't
nothing wrong with big comfy dude hey I
got a game you wanna play it alright you
want a battle
alright let's battle come on ready sit
over here
unless core is gonna attack us questions
not food dude chill you think it is okay
so we take turns going and then oh yeah
I don't really remember how this works
who goes first
goes for instructions you know what this
is a single-player game i I feel so
goofy gain I got this I could've swore
was to players like we battle
whoever has all the pegs wins but it's a
single-player game okay well maybe it's
still fun okay how the objective of the
single-player game is to move all the
pigs up okay so the goal is to get all
the yellow pigs where the green pigs are
and all the green pigs wear the yellow
pegs are so it's like a puzzle and you
can only leave Cora be nice girl well
she is Cora the destroyer tonight she's
coming out she's coming out to play Pam
so it's one player I meet so play to
play we can take turns helping each
other
I really thought it was like a battle
game peekaboo Oh who's in there
who's in there who do you like playing
in the dark she shuts herself in what
are you doing who won years old and she
just shuts yourself into the darkness
anybody in there who is that
alright watch I'll turn the light on
I'll tell me I don't forget your take
with me Mary
okay with my theory based on what I just
saw
I think cores legit going to the
bathroom in the bathroom
are you serious what happened you want
to go big boy potty already big-girl
potty ed boys what I think she goes in
there to go potty are you done
you won't wash your hands alright guys
we are warping around a little we're
working around a little bit tonight umm
core to bed flashes asleep look at it no
chasing the raccoons tonight huh
we love you guys what about beat tonight
Britt just walked out here like this
let's just go to bed
no no so we're gonna call it a night
guys we're done today is a off camera
mainly but we had a good day we had a
great day we love you thank you so much
for being here being a part of our life
being part of our days short long you're
here thank you guys we will see you
tomorrow beautiful one of a kind
you
