you like my sweater nope you don't like
it do you like it yeah what is up guys
welcome to today's the call this video
yeah it's gonna say blog but it's just a
bit it's a video we're gonna count it as
a vlog though for the street yeah it's
both are you guys be happy to know my
camera's on an actual tripod right now
actually my take it out for this part it
is our Sunday and we spent the day with
family my mom and dad came over my
brother and wife and his kids came over
and we're really just settling I mean
house you can tell all right it's way
too clean you guys don't believe me
here's some evidence random knifes and
Apple cuttings and hard drives and yeah
houses messy it's on the clean side
honestly but it was a great day we um
last night you guys probably seen on
Instagram Twitter I posted sorry baby
I posted a video and a photo of flash at
5 in the morning with a raccoon on our
pillar dude 5 a.m.
um I was out I just heard flash barking
I'm like you know it's weird that's
weird a flash Tabarrok if the baby makes
noise I'm useless right it's like you're
up boom baby yeah dog makes noise I'm up
in your sleep
yeah I have no idea how you heard it
it's just like no joke that's how it
works like I hear them things I don't
know it's the momin's thank you kick in
and my dad instincts are like what's
going on around the house anyway I post
that everybody want to know what the
heck happened like poor raccoon poor
flash what happened where did he go he
was a good guy it was the good gift lot
I don't know we've got video of it from
one of our cameras so let's let's tripod
this and react to it do you want it you
want to be the raccoon or you want to be
Flash
yeah because we're gonna be the audio
for the we've only watched the foot one
so don't over I haven't watched it
oh you haven't got a good angle so I
looked I look each Oh bother I'm not
wearing a hat today look at my old
school company I did nothing do you
brush my teeth match today okay you're
gonna make this fullscreen and then us
like a little screen so we're doing oh
it's a good idea I was just gonna play
it but if you you want to be able to see
us is that what you're saying
oh yeah like they want to be able to see
us and sure let's do it right I like
that idea
okay okay at first some of the quality
others have to alright guys so let the
video roll oh by the way as a pet owner
um flash does not always sleep outside
sometimes he just will not sleep inside
he always has the option to sleep in
time he's ever get it this is a 5 a.m. I
wake up to flash the one crazy now
unfortunately there's no audio in the
video so let's do the let's let's
narrate okay
ah here we go ah ok so flashes out he's
sleeping he's uh he's comfortable
oh he heard something I'm not the thing
would just be up on the Pullman what
could it be
hang on before like what do you think
Flash's thinking that's possible like yo
your own might or whatever it is it's on
my turf I don't even know if he actually
seen anything but oh you think he heard
it
yeah ok here we go let's keep it going
so flash is uh you probably smell think
that was out a camera he goes out of
frame and oh here comes a raccoon Oh
deep is snipping it looked like it was
like don't look more like a kiss I think
he I think it's trying to kiss him
flashes like um this is my bed oh
there's another kitty kissed him twice
or three times look girls okay big wreck
okay flashes like yo you're in my
bedroom right now right he's just doing
his job as a dog I think that was like
first spark right
so you guys could see the Ratkin gets up
onto the rail flashes like flash he's
like hey what's up dude right now flash
is yelling for me he'd like this thing
this thing is just climbing up no this
is what he sings he did it he's either
saying dad at Roman I don't know if he
knows me by my first name or not but
he's like grab yo Roman grab your camera
gret grab the camera I need you come
outside just so you guys know those
pillars are plastic it's not wood like
he scaled up a plastic my corner
so Flash's yelling for me to grab my
camera that's all I hear I don't hear
barking I hear like grab the camera
boss I got something to show you
um and he was out there for a minute
before you okay let's speed up I mean
they're up look yeah I mean look at the
raccoons like he's basically just trying
to do anything to get out for a guy like
literally poor guy um flashes chill he's
like I don't know Dez you know what it
is he's waiting for him to come around
who's like high ground right now and
flesh has no mass that's whatever you
can't get to him let's speed up this
goes on for I don't know six minutes
seven minutes oh and here comes here
comes me thank God have clothes on like
imagine if I was just like I opened the
door and like obviously there's a
there's a rack on the pillar in front of
me your hand all like comes off the door
slowly
there's wreck because you know what if
he has rabies duty like it latches onto
my head come on look inside it's a good
song okay but my splash - he does not
care so right there I shut the door and
in my head I'm like I gotta get some
treats because flash he's gonna come in
and put some treats he'll come in in the
right place running around she is she's
gonna yell out number two
naked girl okay so let's go for it a
little bit
you go get treat yeah I'm going to get
treats and flashes like pack up he's
like yo dude let's just talk let's just
talk about it cuz I don't know what you
are and you don't know what I am and I
don't know
we're country you know we live in the
country alright I come back you can see
how cold it is by the way I think what
why the raccoon is here is because our
bird feeders yesterday's vlog bag of
birdseed got left out we forgot to put
it up core is literally doing lobster on
this okay so I come back out I got
treats look I'm talking to flash he will
barely look at me he's like I don't care
about anything this is my treat whatever
that is I want it I need it so I finally
I finally get flash he won't come to the
treat that I lay it on the ground right
here I'm surprised it is Watson I don't
want the Coon alarm hey look you get no
way okay so I think I get the cheese
okay you know you should have daddy's
got the record and routed inside my art
flash you stay out okay I'll take the
record okay
so flash still doesn't care about me
literally doesn't care about me I got I
got cheese because there was cheese left
on the counter that's all I could find
we're out our dogs and then at this
point I'm like dude I don't know what to
do look he won't take my tree he's like
this is my bed I mean stay in my bed you
know what work though this is what
worked look put the cheese on the ground
for some reason he runs right over to it
because you don't want the raccoon to
get it boom grab flash by the collar
hold him inside done done deal okay so
what did the raccoon do did he get away
that's right buddy I got footage of that
- now this is graphic and it's hard I'm
kidding it's fine it's all good okay yes
so after I feel like five minutes guys
like five minutes I'm gonna call him
Ricky Ricky the rack
Ricky direct him he scales down this
pipe like like it's a fire pole watch
this watch this move
watches he does like a in slow motion no
no that's full speed ready I got a fun
look he does a full 360 puts his feet on
the flagpole he stands on the flagpole
no no a joke he sits here for like ten
minutes
wait really yeah like you gotta speed it
way up like he just chills here yeah
yeah you literally just chills right
there on the flagpole for like it might
be like seriously what if I did
he's purchased training at all classes
lipstick serious I'm not kidding guys
you want to come all that I wish you had
a shirt on I'm not kidding when I opened
the door the raccoon looked into my soul
with asking hey she's like give me that
try upon me let me just take this down
the raccoon just begged me for help so I
know he's happy her him I'm not sure
what he was and then the raccoon
literally jumps off the rail
unfortunately on the backside he just
goes in the darkness so I'm assuming
that he you know he just left from there
but nobody was hurt I don't think lashes
falling right out there hunting you know
so that is our 5:00 a.m. story I was so
wired after that it took me like I uh I
was probably 631
I sleep I was just like what just have
like you know what happen so fast it's
such a weird you expect to like walk
outside see erect moon on the ground but
when you walk out any spare hugging your
pillar staring at you for health he was
so cute like the cutest face man there's
so cute so cute till they're ripping
your every trash bag oh I think it ego
can you say cat just like just give me
the camera
hey Korra how the key to go wow how's
the baby go Oh how's the baby go bikini
go oh I don't know I think it's a funny
story the fact that it's all on camera
too is so fun like it's it's good little
memory to have right so we started
thinking like we have all these let me
back up it's Sunday
we usually either do like one take
Sunday's we talked about real talks
where we like to talk about some crazy
stories that's happening to us through
our career or our life and then today
the raccoon and flash inspired clips
captured only by our security cameras
right that's funny and so if you've been
watching the channel a long time I think
we've showed most of these but it
definitely it also inspired we start
collecting new ones cuz for awhile we
did them really all that be funny in the
vlog clip that we stopped doing that so
starting this moment we will start to
capture things that happen in our house
from security cameras or rather around
our property there is one of these two
of these that we have to play you can
play another this one and then
so if you guys like this idea
hit the like button let us know because
I think we could just start compiling
new clips so let's let's give a let's
give all a little sample this is this is
an early one but a goodie or is it that
was the first cooked ever ever saved you
will able to epic fail no epic fall I
can't read my I'm still very blurry okay
so let's have it
whoa listen to it alright alright this
is right off her back back up okay let's
just fell right up the stairs the fall
is not even the worst part
listen to you you oh you can tell I am
liking her friends laughing at her ready
coming up the steps prior to give you
some weight leave it running she's still
laying laid on the ground okay not she's
still on the ground well yeah okay
another just quick moment that happened
in our lives off one of our cameras
which ones that the porta-potties know
which one is that a little bit I think
this is actually on your birthday this
is my birthday yeah your birthday party
okay summer okay right here they're all
hanging out Caleb's on the hoverboard
okay there's Brian in the black chase
with the khaki pants oh so keep an eye
on Brian yeah okay Brian trying the
hoverboard for the first trying it on
the hoverboard going like no one even
okay alright this this next one is
really funny and I I honestly think this
could be like its own clip like this is
something I would see on the Internet
Wow ya know it sound like subtitles what
they actually and by the way this
cameras are here this Karen if you guys
like last week or so when I didn't put
the car in Bray or a park and kept
rollin rollin that was from this camera
so I love these all right here we go
watch this Cora it's a wind storm when
Sun look everything the chorus hottie
tipped over look the wind is the wind is
so strong it's just blowing everything
the girls from smile more on out for
Kayla oh look at all the blue juice just
and luckily had just gotten dropped off
all the girls are going pick it up
there's the quarter party back I think
she said it got in my mouth there's
flash she's just there to look at the
lid on the trash cans don't make a mess
these secret yeah where's your mouth
dude girls the rescue Oh dream for a boy
okay
what is this clip this is the double
stretch this was just the funny this is
the funny moment between Britney and
flash core look you're in mommy's belly
alright this is Britt when she stretches
flash stretches wash look you're in
mommy's belly that you in their belly
watch the stretch see what we got next
on this this is oh my god this is my
favorite this is December 25th I don't
know if that was actual day right we
just clipped it on the bed okay
oh my god let me try to get this hot tub
cover literally he comes in like I was
like wash my face and ready for bed the
quality is so bad like several minutes I
saw the whole thing blows on my back
again the wind our wind is so crazy
sometimes look at the white stuff
nothing so heavy that camera oh it was
covered in like that much it must weigh
200 pounds problem yeah at least be
better as if a raccoon jumped up in my
face looks like you're wearing this
sounds embarrassing like I couldn't get
the cover on the hot tub it's that
simple
and you had that lip thing yeah that
doesn't work very good again it just
keeps falling I didn't know what to do I
didn't know what to do it wasn't me out
there helping oh man you can see the
Christmas tree and the reflection on the
top I literally struggled so hard with
getting that cover on these are just the
simple things that you're like why is
that on camera
I think you got it you got it right
there is on all right this way I don't
know if this one I've ever made any
boards probably not I can't remember cuz
I was probably too embarrassed cuz my
office is trashed
I was also probably too embarrassed as I
probably hung this painting this picture
Brian no it was before Brian and you
gonna say hi yeah do you get in there
you want to watch this clip let's just
clip with me um this is what happen to
do things around this house because I
hung this all glass all real glass
listen carefully the best part of that
clip was loosing flash they just come
running in to see what happened okay so
in this next clip you can see my office
is totally different I've moved some
things around and I've also rehung the
picture that was in thing this is more
recent I mean it's still a long time ago
it's like where my dad anyway this is
why I don't hang things up ready no one
was even in keep your eye on the far
right
Roman verse fousey toaster again all
glass these are expensive paint pictures
play all the glass listen to this
that's so bad dude
yep from that moment you realize that
you won I've never hung anything else
again in my life
unreal unreal alright this is another
slash stars in the video you know what
this one is
I don't reckon I sorry I keep urban
Sparkie
okay I don't I don't remember this clip
here we go play can I see your vlog
logging in my backpack we're gonna leave
so we're watching myself walk you don't
remember this not at all
is that your food oh no I walk away for
one second look at this dog did look
Johnny Joe he's just you totally showed
it to him - he's just chow I'm still
blogging flash did flash is a monster
dude okay um pinball fish tank Todd he's
gonna put a spoiler up on his truck
God he was so mad at me the first he
told me he was like don't put that in
your blog and the day this happened I
put it in the blog so so funny keep your
eye on the four-wheeler going into the
truck dude only Todd man it is this
four-wheeler was is that our Father is
dude is cursed there we go no problem
I'll just put it right up there psych
like dude this camera again I know this
is our best camera capture so man like
it's not like I gotta see Emily's on the
phone I'm on one Wow so there you have
short and sweet short and sweet but I
think that if we start paying attention
to things that happen around our
property I'm not kidding we have so many
cameras here that I feel like everyday
things happen everyday things happen
that we're we could we could literally
set aside and just laugh at ya and it's
good for the memories too like you in
the basement working out just kidding
we're not with him around
work out imagine you just my ass I wish
we would I had the camera down there's a
day that I was standing on the roller
and she's you know the rollers like you
roll your back or whatever with for some
reason I was standing on it unless she
flipped forward just like straight now I
ponytail like literally smack me so um
yeah short and sweet for your Sunday our
Sunday mainly it's just really our day
Sunday like I'm not gonna skip a vlog
but we're wanna like just keep it super
light if you like this idea again hit
the like button show us you like it
believe some fun I'm if we could come I
don't think we could come up with enough
clips to do it each Sunday but between
our like ideas of our Sundays I think
this could be one of them we love you
guys so much thank you so much I think
this is blog 21s we're actually getting
up into some numbers now that feel like
for real guys um thanks for being here
thanks me being a part of all this we
were uh you guys already know we tried
out we try to make our Sundays as freeze
but we did great today dude we had a
whole week we had the whole day off
camera not literally the whole day we
just filmed this in like 30 minutes
so it's perfect for our Sunday off day I
think it could really work I know you
guys are supportive so it's awesome
we'll see you tomorrow for a full blog I
get to go in and get my check up and
hopefully starting tomorrow really see
some changes yeah that's all I got for
you today I love you thank you you're
beautiful you are one of a kind smile
you
