hey guys welcome to today I know it's so
weird I'm starting the vlog Romans in
bed his eyes are like terrible right now
terribly painful he buck apiece like my
eyes hurt so bad I don't know if it's
cuz its drying our room at night and it
just like I don't know it dries them out
overnight to wear in the morning it's
like really bad but I am with Shannon
and we are going on a morning run well
it's not even morning anymore
it's already 11:20 but we're still
getting it done and it is November 3rd
do you have what just less than 60 days
of the year left we started a 90 day
challenge and we're gonna shut this door
cause kind of cool
we're already past 30 days so we have
goals set for the last 90 days of the
year which you're already at 60 so if
you want to set a goal 2018 maybe you
did it get your goal in in January that
you wanted to accomplish for the year
start now and finish your year off right
so that's what we're doing my goal is to
train for a 5k
I know literally some of you is like
probably ran marathons 5k is like so
simple some of you it's like oh my gosh
that sounds so terrible but that's my
goal Shannon's run a 5k many of times so
she's helping me get there um I have a
lot of other mini goals and stuff that
I've done my one goal when I set for 90
days is to stop drinking alcohol for the
literally last 90 days and for some of
you yeah that's really hard some of you
probably don't drink and for me it was
just becoming something that was too
much like alright like drinking pop we
all know it's bad it's not good for you
so that was my thing and now that I
haven't had any alcohol no champagne no
celebrating like anything like that I'm
setting a new goal for the last 60 days
so it's to run a 5k so grouchy on
Saturday morning Saturday afternoon
Saturday whatever time it is and we're
gonna run as far as we can
I've been running a couple times a week
for the last what like month baby
yeah
my goal today is to run one mile without
stopping for some of you again I'm gonna
be like wow that's so easy some of you
it's like I can't even walk a mile um so
yeah I will I don't know if I'm gonna
bring the camera running with me or not
I think I'll just be back and let you
know let you guys know how it went
I'll be back in maybe you know like six
hours once I get a couple my husband
okay I didn't read the camera I thought
my phone just made it one mile was it
like 11:15 but I made it without
stopping yeah yeah okay I'm walking and
my nose is running 24 minutes made it 2
miles
I hit my 1 mile and ran up until one
point two I did my goal I ran my one
mile and it's just getting stronger from
there so keep your goals keep them in
reachable don't set a goal that you know
you can't reach is that something that
you're gonna do everything you can and
you know you you can reach it don't wait
don't let yourself down okay
37 minutes to go through miles I ran the
first mile since then I've just been
like walking running walking running as
much as I can um so I guess next time I
go to run 3 I do it faster than 37
minutes
that's an attainable goal we just talked
about this but this place is amazing Oh
feels good that's not a 5k I still have
a point three miles to go but this place
is super amazingly pretty and that helps
a lot okay so this place has like a
little store inside and they have all
these different bird feeders and I think
that would be something really cool to
do today with the kids because so nice
out so we're gonna lift these big bag of
birdseed is all they have yeah I think
we'll go home and try and get the kids
outside a little bit so nice out okay
today's goal is accomplished I ran one
mile without stopping and feel so
amazing I got something fun for the kids
which is awesome because I think if I
wouldn't have gotten out and ran today
I'd still be sitting on the couch or
watching movies with Korra 101st
so now I'm gonna go home and get the
kids out and some fresh air and see what
rooms so and let's see if he's out of
bed yet hey mommy's home hi caner
Hey are you feeling better today hi can
you say hi to the camera
can you say hi no one sleeps until I say
so
is that what your shirt says what's your
shirt say kora where's your belly
where's your belly is it a Saturday at
the house you went to camera where's
daddy where's daddy yet she just wants
the camera you got to point out of your
face and not your belly
wait where's Roman and have a heart
attack with you doing down here smelling
the poop honey
are you really down here I bet you've
been still being that I physically can't
do a push-up wait really
i I went until I just felt like muscle
failure how many did you do I thought
like you couldn't do what a few faint
really no I just finished I literally
just missed I was gonna get on more
partying I wasn't scared the heck oh
well I ran over three miles today
good job I've read one my at one point
too without something my cheek muscle
sorry you see nothing
Oh benign I know I was like today he's
gonna be his worst day gonna feel that
he's not gonna do any tomorrow's missing
hours today I did get us something to do
I got us some bird feeders for outside
nice it's so nice out you're looking out
there's just white Miller just the ball
note you do need some sunglasses sorry
okay these guys are yours now I had them
all morning very serious you've learned
like plugboard um yes also there's some
my fountain because I didn't carry that
camera running okay all right so I guess
since Britt took control of the I
mentioned it last night it's like if
you're going to run take the camera it's
already I put the card in a new battery
so that's cool how did it feel yeah so
I'm just look I feel great just my eyes
bother me son I feel good like I feel
good especially since when she left she
gave me like all this motivation I got
up so frustrated with my eyesight I mean
I was to the point where I was just like
irritated right I I ran a bat I got up I
got in the bathtub and then put
motivational videos on just like pump up
I was like I'm getting out of this tub
I'm going down and working out I've not
worked out for a long time I don't
remember the last time I actually went
down there and really worked out so
that's what I did today it feels great
we're trying to Brits on them like a
crazy diet like it's not a diet it's
just eating good food I'm frying up some
eggs King you want some eggs you hate it
you know you can't hate eggs you don't
like things that come out of chickens
butts I think she's up she's what is she
doing it's just like he's just like
staring around like dude her hair is the
best when she wakes up she'll go get her
you can't tell me you don't want any of
this look at that
eggs and ham eggs and ham I do not like
okay there was some green eggs and ham
the princess has awakened
hi baby see game wants to take a nap
with you you gonna go to sleep hey wakey
wakey no no no don't you rate come play
it's really pretty outside we could go
play outside
do you want to play outside okay
let's let's do the promise babies are
like they're like waking up dynamite
it's like waking up a lit stick of
dynamite you can either you can do
everything right and the fuse will go
out and it won't explode mess up
slightest bit that fuse goes there ready
to explode she seems pretty mild though
hey you get a good sleep so the sixth is
it extra six that's probably less than
sixty days now a couple days less maybe
you guys want to do this with Brittany
she's trying to get me to do it which I
think it's a great thing yeah but what
are you doing oh that looks like a
jungle gym to you boy as it looks like
something you're supposed to be jumping
around on huh right
yada Wow
you just blew everyone's ears off come
on come on let's go I gotta get
everything set before I can roll on this
vid yeah I know I know I know
like a cat eating all the peanut butter
out a little bit so Britt is I think
it's super inspiring it's it's a
challenge it can be very simple it
doesn't have to be hard at all it's
almost like a new year's resolution
except you're doing it leading up to the
new year is that's what I did
you know yeah set a new goal do
something else it can be anything it can
be something simple it's I don't know I
feel like I always tell you guys like
don't you don't need you don't need
January first to do these goals right
like you you should start them right now
right but she's doing it which is what
is yours what's yours for 90 days and
I'm so over that like it's so easy to
where I'm like okay I need a new goal so
my new goal is to be able to run a 5k
and that's but what are you doing each
day is your challenge like you're eating
your exact meal that's been prepared for
you you've got multiple goals is be a
hundred percent on my food prep weights
right my trainer makes all of my food
tells me exactly what to eat every
single day how much of everything I eat
and it's to be 100% of what she says for
succeeding which is so difficult I'm
talking especially when like in our
house and I'm a bad example because I
eat a lot of crap and then the kids got
candy everywhere and chocolate she
doesn't eat any of it so but like she
does anything like this I get I get 1/4
a cup of this
today it's like your win today and
tomorrow it's cookie dough ice cream so
it's like but it's like diet cookie
dough ice cream yeah I'm sure it is
so I mean I've been thinking like you
know I want to do things with my wife I
want to do that to onna I want to like
be here support like I just made I said
your 60 day goal should be not wanna
McDonald's seriously like that's a legit
goal for us a lot of people but I was
gonna make hot pockets instead I made
eggs like I made the better choice I
didn't you gonna make me he's like
everything in the whole house sir no
joke I brick came home and I was like I
think you know I've been thinking every
day since she asked me like what could
be my 60-day goal and I think like this
sounds so dumb but I told her I was like
I'm gonna try to I don't know if this is
it but I was like what if I get up at a
certain time every day I'm bad in the
morning everybody that knows me even
Britt was like you can't do cuz I get up
wait no it's less then this is barely
less than two months
you don't appeal that off ya peel it off
from yesterday you guys watch
yesterday's vlog duh quarantine
slaughtered those white I mean painted
this picture so I don't know guys think
about it you can do it with us it's it's
it's a goal up till January 1st of just
something that you wanna that you want
to personally do oh that is cool
actually
what was that flag I wasn't even a dog
son we grabbed it
ready oh that's satisfying that could be
like one of them satisfying videos
you see let me see look at that that's
cool
corn cane you know that was you don't
blame on Quora oh you could do change a
poopy diaper every day for the next 60
days so maybe there's a simple simple
goal learnt hard that you can do it can
be anything it could literally be like I
want to get up at 8 at 9 a.m. until
January 1st or maybe you want maybe you
smoke you want to quit smoking I know
that's a horrible and it's so hard for
people thankfully and I always say thank
God I never started because I know
people it's not gonna it just it's so
and it literally seems impossible for
them did it
how about no candy for the next 60 days
yeah could you do it I don't know guys
share in the comments you know I'm sure
a lot of us struggle with the same
similar things so leave a comment be
surprised how many of us together share
the same struggle so I don't know what
mine is gonna be I'll let you know
tomorrow I'm gonna make my decision
today could be like going to the gym
every day for 60 days that's you know I
don't know I don't know I watched you do
it for her what if it's to vlog every
day till January 1st that's a serious
goal like I'm doing really good this is
day 2020 vlogs gained 20 vids and by the
way um they smashed a hundred thousand
likes for you on that vlog yeah is that
cool or what they literally did that
just for you cuz I told him how amped
yeah I did so thank everybody say thank
you
it was what you thought that was me are
you brushing mommy's hair you brush
mommy's hair for a nice and easy gentle
see if she does it
we are gonna bundle up go outside you
got your boots get in boots she getting
so big like oh my gosh certain little
things like the boots I'm like what is
happening get the glasses on it is uh
wicked wicked it's bright in the house
oh my god so beautiful pretty soon this
is all gonna be ice ponds gonna be
frozen
I brought some Cheerios out because we
haven't tried I just saw our first fish
in the pond you guys didn't know I stock
the pond there's um there's some bass in
there there's catfish and I just sold
our first like fish chilling out a
couple days ago so I thought we'd throw
some Cheerios in there see if any fish
come up come on
cuties its king gotcha big old big old
brother nice nice oh my gosh you went
all out wait is this like a bird feeder
that you put on a stand are you putting
a tree or a tree like this tree right
here
oh it's like a you got that game Brett
got some bird feet well this is easy
that's perfect
you know what's funny is there's a
massive family of birds that live in
this tree already feel so bad is we have
like a big eagle that hangs out around
here he was in there eating whatever
eggs are you serious yeah nature is
brutal absolutely
well this is like what an interesting
reward that's perfect
yeah is that for squirrels and birds I
mean that'd be pretty tricky for a
squirrel okay what would happen if I
just took this entire bag and dumped it
in the middle of the yard there's be
like a thousand Birds happy awesome
let's let's make a bird buffet but a
bird face standing out there seeds do
what do you think's in there worms
fill this up we're gonna have birdies
happy birdies looks like we just put
some some gravy in that bag all right
so just about do it if you squeeze the
cup I think that's good perfect
no we maxed out boy we maxed out okay
all right okay so don't do that don't do
that boy hung up for the birdies dude
imagine your whole nest gets raided by a
giant eagle and then the next few days
later humans come and bring bird feeders
and hang them on your tree how'd it work
it's perfect now we just wait I'm gonna
go try to feed the fishies you know see
we can get a fish to come up to see if
the fishies are out I want to get the
fish to where I can take the kids out
and feed them you know I mean like you
throw food and they all come up but
that's how I want to get it probably be
next year when that happens I don't even
know that we'll see if for sure but I
want to I don't know it'd be fun come on
baby let's go look at them trees guys
it's so pretty uh it's really cold but
it feels great first try front flip
let's see it I'm coming
oh my gosh you really are good at that
now try again alright you gotta lean
forward a little bit
awesome I love you so nice to just come
outside take the little ones feed some
birds see getting up there
he probably knocked the whole thing down
we might to make it higher let's don't
give a rip this whole tree down all
right I want to see if we can see a fish
I've only seen one so far I haven't seen
any dead fish show which is great that
means they're all in here it's kind of
fun well so far no luck
just throwing little Cheerios out and
honestly they're probably terrified of
us the water's not very clear right now
just throw a handful way out let's see
if anything happens
flashes like mine they're supposed to be
a four-leaf clover on every patch it
wouldn't surprise me at all of you did
final on where you going Corinne
where are you going alright it's a it's
a normal zoo over here actually we're
gonna go see donkeys they're up on the
hill so let's go see some donkeys are
you waving to the plane there's an
airplane all the way up there you going
all the way she's so determined Wow
they're going to get some treats come on
we gotta go get over here we gonna oh my
gosh so much warmer stand up here yo
pigs he's the boss lady man she comes
power-sliding in here come on you wanna
come up here ready
she wants to give her one throws it so
uh pixie our new female she's one and
she's already turned into like she's
become the boss of Empire already like
it's hard to even give Empire a treat
now that she's like nah my treat yeah
he's like I don't wanna get in trouble
mm-hmm look at her push him like nah
it's a weird animal to own honestly it
guys weird you're weird but I think
you're so cool nice shot we're at the
fair you would've won but it looks so
tired look at his eyes sorry ready to
crash well you want you want to get you
want to get here me help ya
there you go you just gonna throw it yep
I love their pattern they both have
crosses on their back it's so cool you
can see her as really well it goes down
her sides right there really send it
there going up for the jump it's corn
cane duo's she sends it bigger into the
mud hole the only thing that would make
it better is Noah and he comes home
tomorrow so super excited
you're crazy Cora sanded she's just
smiling building these crazies she's
like now I'm done enough air time for me
this isn't the x-games shown the mouse
you shown the mouse that's crazy since
my eye stuff I haven't played a single
video game literally computer screens
are like you guys should see me trying
to do the thumbnails the title
descriptions for everything is so hard
to do when I woke up this morning I
couldn't read anything on my phone at my
whole keyboard was just meshed together
all the letters are just meshed together
so uh Britt usually only plays with me
but it's been so long she's like I want
to play for tonight I said do it yeah
we're chilling hanging out first playing
a fortnight really taking it super easy
I'm not a lot from the time we were
outside too now we laid on the couch we
had a little food Super Show guys Super
Show but I love this day I love today
it's so awesome yeah I said I love my
babe I love my baby what are we gonna do
huh what we gonna do it's mine you just
washing your stuff and everything clean
he be CT empty come on Brett you got
this you got this you got this
I love video games guys I love them this
isn't has nothing to do with like for my
like for tonight there's nothing to do
with fortnight call of duty this goes
back to childhood just being dipped into
video games like after you worked at the
factory for a year you would be paid a
week vacation I used to take my week
vacations when certain games would come
out just so I could play them all week
that's how much I love video game I just
like playing they try so hard it's a
hard game baby
I think it's clean I think you got a
baby she is determined it's gonna new on
wipe it up
oh you can the inside do alright guys
now she's washing the shelfs the books
the wool bubbles jackpot Manny we got
this oh we're gonna have to dig for this
one imagine I just get this soap in my
eye right now how do you get these out
oh yeah ready what do you do blow no you
don't eat it ready okay that didn't work
it's not a good idea I gotta stand back
these are terrible you're you're you're
terrible stuff man
what I'm stand back you want to blow you
gotta blow blow Manny blow no it tastes
bad like did she see that or you can't
be trusted you you can't be trusted
well they just keep popping in my face
on if it's a good idea girl honey course
doing the dishes
yeah she's got it no junk I'm right
there and I look over she's got her new
bottle upside down just squirting it
into the dishwasher oh I wish you could
have seen that Oh
back to reality we go put my drops in
can't use the whole I'm gonna cry in the
blog thumbnail anymore
I already milked that one now we can
really milk it she works so hard on that
mom oh oh oh this is the rest of the
night the most realistic part of the
night getting the monster to bed hey hey
she's getting so ticklish having this
little girl it's like she is in full
control or oh where is it where is it
okay so pretty usually gets her huh
sleep in her room every night and then
by the time we go to bed she comes in in
her bed in between us all the time it's
it's a ritual
yeah we go to bed together but then I
end up just getting up but in my dull
brain you're in here and then literally
I would just be in there rocking her
every 30 minutes I'm so crazy Blaire
right now so I had when we were upstairs
my vision went super clear for like 30
minutes it's like holy crap like what
just happened this is great and then it
all just went away and they told me that
might happen they're like you might get
your vision they might go away and then
it's like we're getting close so
tomorrow's my last day so I was my last
day complaining about my eyes because
Monday I think is the official day they
pull the contacts out and I can like I
can see
we love you guys we're gonna bounce out
of here we'll see you tomorrow
today is 20 vlogs in a row so some loves
and thumbs up some whatever you can do
for us would be awesome it feels good
I'm discouraged with my eyes but I'm
like I see the light I see the light
Monday I'm ready to conquer it you just
got to get there we'll see you guys
tomorrow we hope you have a wonderful
day
a wonderful evening sleep good set them
problems aside for a moment smile you
are beautiful you are one-of-a-kind
you
