welcome to the vlog guys today's a very
very special day it only happens once in
your entire life only once it's only
happened to me once it's only happen to
you once and if it hasn't happened it's
about to happen eventually
you are officially 13 I got a teenager I
have a teenager your teen dude teen boy
it's officially Noah's 13th birthday
guys he is a teenager i I just cannot I
can't believe his day is here like I
thought I had so much time did I thought
I had so much time before you were this
old if you're getting older that means
I'm getting all right you say I'm not
compared to you I am I can pass but if
SCIM I know I'm making past - Emma you
guys always point it out how come when
you're in the GTR you're always getting
past because when I vlog I'm very
careful no one came
Kayne's about to turn six there are five
days apart in their birthdays only five
days so right in the middle of that is
this Saturday that is going to be the
official Noah and Kane birthday party
for now we're just hanging out and
taking note of the store I can't even
hardly see nothin go ahead and pick out
something special for his birthday and
then we're gonna wait till Saturday did
actually have two birthdays that feel
like a ripoff does it feel good
it's gonna be a huge party yeah I feel
like when you have your birthday party
not on your birthday when your birthday
happens usually feel ripped off even
though you had an epic party or there's
an epic tardy comic and it does feel
ripped off so I promise I love you I
want the best
first they've had the car out since it's
been clean it's so clean I can see
myself I feel like I already know what
you're gonna get
you still getting headphones think so
you know it's been want some gaming
headphones gay do you just have regular
headphones you action yes what clicky
clicky Clarky Clarky it's like you might
as well take a typewriter and put it
here and let's go out higher there's so
many brands of this stuff anymore like
it's crazy the option of the choices of
everything it's almost like somebody
figured out you can make money on this
stuff and everybody just started making
you look good it matches your mouse
BlackWidow keyboard and a new headset
that's pretty cool so you get first
place every time and every game that
style gowns you're the king baby alright
here we are I'm fun tonight enjoy the
rest of your birthday know where you're
gonna pull that crap in unfortunate I'll
get to spend the entire day with nobody
we'll be back in a few hours and you
guys will have to forgive me because I
spent most of today off-camera with Noah
decided to just run out for a little bit
get him a little gift before Saturday
and that's where we're at right now so
I'm headed home and let's continue the
blown fuzzy come here flashy yeah
what is that what is it
who's doing that
what do we got all day so you got me
something what is it what is it what is
that is that a mask it's not what is it
it's a fanny pack all right just like a
belly button
yeah it's called the the oh you got to
wear it with no shirt right yeah I think
you should take your sweatshirt off yes
your belly
you can't your skin there that looked
amazing you start picking at a
restaurant no guys we got a bunch of
stuff to do this morning forget I
carried over in current blogging film a
whole lot yesterday on those Bert can
forgive me I'm a little zombie Fahd
right now oh hi baby
Kane you awake you are you look like me
right now the courthouse for checkup for
being a baby every once in a while they
just have checkups that's what we're
doing right now hey Missy she's happy
you want that get it ah
you know he did for the first time
yesterday I caught it on my camera phone
she laughed for the first time ever my
cameraphone
like it's a special type of phone well
Cora's getting big dude she's gonna be a
full-sized human soon Scott cane shoes
those are so sweet don't see the bottom
as soon as I figure I'll use these arms
and legs you're all in trouble okay
everything looks good I'm waking up a
little bit which is great Cora looks
great she's healthy she's growing she's
a little under way right just hairs on
her waist she just very on the low in
them that's that's under she needs like
another 4 ounces a day 4 ounces
that's like
 to eat it sounds like her mother
sounds like somebody I know very well
next thing on our list of things to do
well first of all we had to go to the
bank which I haven't done forever the
last thing on the list that has to be
done is everybody in the family has
passports kora does not have our
passport yet we're getting ready to
leave the country for a little while so
we have to go get course passport right
now or our trip is never gonna happen we
are on the deadline right now passports
can take a while so great job she'll be
with the should be taken care flash and
we're gonna go knock this passport day
out hopefully we get it in time
definitely expedited lets get her
passport so we can go on our trip dude
how they even do anything
passports take her picture she's how
she's finally out she she put up a fight
going down but she's out her blog this
is all right guys we're knocking a bunch
of things off though what's going I
can't relate we were warping back home
we got the birthday set up going in boat
it go well I guess it's not that big
it's like a nice tense one of them cool
tent and chases but I don't know where
he just went chases just hear a slash
pool boys been trying to clean this up
so we can winterize and get it covered
otherwise my alternate go I was like
let's just hit the thing with a truck
it's so nasty my Chase is over you're
working on he's making it nice what's up
donk amp what's up dude you're blocking
me had a lot of comments to say how do
you move a donkey I'm gonna show you how
you move a donkey all you do you don't
even have to really do anything all you
have to do is touch his butt and guide
him where you want him to go watch this
come on there you go like you'd barely
have to touch no keep going
come on come on there you go and you
just guide him that's it see a very
responsive animal man he's very good
great great animal he's loud as a
dinosaur though hello where everybody's
at maybe everybody's on lunch Brian's
building this thing for the kids fish
tank Todd is here is a busy Daymond and
this is current day by the way so I
gotta I gotta end this
edit this is what you're in here looking
at okay belly belly Fanny's we all got
to get on dude all of us found everybody
by the way I don't know it looks like we
got some like criminal activity going on
here what's with all the rubber gloves
everybody's wearing rubber gloves with
all the cases on the on the on the cases
who came did that Veronica did I scare
you but I'm sorry I was just trying to
say goodbye to the to the family
I stayed you so much for hanging out I
don't even know what is going on with
today's vlog oh he's a puppy huh he's
always gonna be a little pup we we love
you guys so much thanks for hanging out
with us being a part of our real family
days especially we want to do things
like course doctor visits and getting
passports and just the little stuff you
know thanks for being here for that all
of that makes vlogging a lot easier when
I know that I can just film my life and
you guys are here so thank you so so
much we will see you tomorrow beautiful
you were truly one of a kind don't
forget that I say it every day because
you're just not taking it in you're not
listening to me how important you
actually are thanks for being here guys
you beautiful one-of-a-kind smile
you
