yeah we got zip yeah we got zip you up
right here see ba ma ma ma ma
daddy yeah I'm gonna zip it you guys a
bit
okay well daddy-daughter time outside
today what's up guys welcome to the vlog
which hat you are
this one cool how you don't blog it okay
let's pick a hat ready this hat a little
kitty cat thing or unicorn hmm tough
decision kitty cat ready let's go play
you bring in your buddy
oh you look awesome girl come on you
come into big bad wolf oh come to our
vlog today guys starting out very light
very slow here hey you really want to
bring your your puppy out here your
Dalmatian huh
oh my gosh you make me nervous girl
she's got this was this you don't even
need me no more you don't even need
yourself
Wow good job Cora use one down the
stairs for yourself the boys are playing
some games brick got up super early went
running did a crazy workout with the
trainer and then she just laid down for
a nap so Kourt want to go outside I
wanted to go outside so that's where
we're out right now we're literally just
taking it easy hanging out in a little
time together one on one I know she's
look she's going for her little vehicle
you need a two-seater you are not
dressed you are not dressed for the mud
girl oh my god let's do it
let's do a little off-road mud in your
white jacket and your white hat mommy
will be so happy I hope you guys are
having an incredible today today is the
goal we're trying to today is the goal
that's a good line actually today's the
goal we're trying to get our Christmas
stuff up today I don't know if it's
gonna happen the tree is like a
full-blown like half a day like it's
such a big project my ex
three broke down yesterday not sure what
happened search smelled like metal and
it just fried out like it won't even
drive hardly you hit some ramps let's do
it let's do it huh give me hand em your
hand
we gotta work our way up there you go
you go you know slide down on your butt
you can do it you can do it slide down
slide down sit down and then slide it
here you go Wow
you can do it you don't need to here
yeah you don't need me whoo you don't
know in her head I could be like crazy
like I could be a huge hill
I remember going down hills on
skateboards when I was a kid and then
you become an adult and you go back to
that same hill and it's like not even a
hill I happen it flash out here you
flash tearing it up flash what are you
doing you see donkeys up there look at
your donkeys look here's the donkeys you
won't go see em Pan pixie
she loves the donkeys man she's coming
for you she's coming for you see i pick
c tu my kisses c hi pixy you want to pet
her see what's up guys what's up guys
were you going get down go walk around
look at her hoof prints look at the
hopes it's up pics come here mmm oh I
don't like that I like that they're like
best friends now look at him flash is so
upset from you now running attack of the
kora what is this little humanoid this
is how you get on now they want a son
see they want some treats get a treat
for pixie oh you want to old bug it
don't get greedy I'll put you right here
oh my god you go 1 amp get in there get
in there amp you gotta want it come on
all right you want to give her one I
don't know about you I don't know about
you
just peaceful and you got some attitude
what'd you think Korra do you think I
think they like them for think you're
doing a good job you handing them to me
I'm handing them to them let me see that
one all right
oh ok 1/4 1/4 Pixy she don't take my
fingers I won 4 Mpix a chill chill we
think they're crazy huh are they crazy
get it right
you already got done so yes I emptied
something so empty so do let's get one
for out oh let's give them to yeah yeah
you better back off oh yeah you go bud
ok you guys say bye to him all right sit
with my guys that probably come out with
us they buy you will go see RC cars I
got it you got your stuff oh yeah - when
you want to get she is daddy's girl man
I'm so full she loves the artsy's like
she loves them she wants to already
drive them and she's like I don't know
you guys saw it like a couple nights ago
when I shot the flamethrower the boys
were like yeah and she was like wanting
it like I want to do that so you want to
do that one all right hey you better get
out at candy boy bring it out at candy
boy you ready already turn it you got
steer it oh god she's gonna there you go
turn it yeah don't hit that one turn it
right here yeah let's go who's that we
just losers
she's trying to show you show you mercy
I thought she was gonna leave me for you
but then she mom look what we got yeah
good nap mmm like a sweater that's cool
she left me for the scooter I get it I
got it
we gonna make it go fast you wanna push
it go push it Cora is that daddy's RC is
that Daddy
where's Cora's RC so we'd be racing soon
is that silly you're at silly I like
your hat you got mud on your shoes are
you doing it
did daddy scare you come on let's go
it's our house of mirrors doo-doo
dee-dee-dee-dee was that your knuckle oh
so we came down here Christmas stop I
already seen it do you want to set the
tree gain yeah all right I'm gonna go
with your first one today I'm just not
yesterday I was so excited all I wanted
to do was set the Christmas tree and
Brian was gonna come out it is a two-man
job legit two men real men it was I put
that tree together one time by myself
and it was a nightmare so anyway Brian
had some things came up he couldn't come
over and then I instantly was like let's
just wait procrastinate I'm
procrastinating yeah but that only take
like two minutes
true look at this is weird
vlogging down here hey there's so many J
having it all right dancin hey Nansen
another huge win today for us we on we
got our smile more socials laughter I'm
not kidding like two years what happened
so I will wait top of the description
our smile more social where I need you
to chill out it's ain't no Ryan party so
obviously for us that's huge because
having socials for your company is
important but also it gives us a place
to I'll wait I'll wait
get her some cheese for that wine Peters
not like that thing I threw it down here
because she didn't like it that doll has
been thrown its whole life the socials
give us a place to to now post before
the vlogs a lot of our products they
they sell out as soon as we post them on
the vlog so we will now post them on
social first because there's a lot less
of you on that it gives you uh you know
the diehards you guys that really want
the stuffs first shot at aura making my
life wonderful this is real life I'm
just gonna keep filming this is real
right now this is I'm over here doing a
business proposal pitch to you guys he
put it up on the tanning bed I don't
know what you guys talking all I hear is
tanning bed or scared up cool cool story
it ends right there
say York's it's all available I'm gonna
continue my stuff so if you are it would
be really awesome if you guys supported
our socials on that we've been out of it
for two years almost like legit we just
got logged in today on Instagram and
Twitter so exciting I'm running it right
now personally so everything post is
just me yeah some fun with it let's
continue this video it is I don't know
what it is today it's just weird ba ba
boo boo boo throw it throw it throw it
to Daddy oh my gosh holy crap I chose
the bottle I was gonna hit it with the
camera you want one of those let's see
if she can pick that one out let's see
if she can pick this one up hey ready
we'll start with this one
she don't know their way a lot there you
go Oh Oh No
she's like what is wrong with this ball
oh it's almost her body weight what is
she like 12 pounds it's a trick ball
it's a trick ball can't so excited you
can lift this one there you go
muscles the whole world in your hands
and she's probably gonna throw it on the
ground
slidin our why it feels a lot like a
Sunday vlog legit I think it's just
coming off the holiday the Thanksgiving
family everyone was here and they were
just like so low-key today so sure
everyone's just chill that's this one
what do you thankful for what are you
thankful for
oh I love that answer all right you know
what you know what I really thought he's
gonna say computer first so that was
really good no what do you think before
family I don't know what this is doing
I'm upside down right now
mommy what are you thankful for no big
okay you got it girl
you've got it girl until gravity is just
really hurting come on you you got it
don't give up you got this good
I know oh but she still wants to do it
even though she hates it dude does it
not literally feel like it's way down
watching her oh oh my god you got it
baby
whoa little JIT look Oh on your slide my
bad
bouncy bouncy I can just film these kids
all day literally just them there's so
much more entertaining than I am
maybe just they just enjoy all the
simple things like Kingsman playing with
a rope for five minutes that's the life
well this has got to be one of the
weirdest applause we've done a long time
I'm just gonna say it I'm not feeling it
I just not feeling it like some day it's
like I'm so excited to grab the Cameron
just film our day but not today
my farm with Korra though I am hey
leftovers guys we're just gonna call it
I'm just not in the mood tonight for
this or today I'm just like I want to
start fresh tomorrow I could like keep
filming and like pretending that I want
to film right now but I just don't I
don't want to hide that from you so I'm
gonna end it right now get a fresh day
fresh weekend like Saturday Sunday is
gonna be 55 and sunny we need to go
outside the house I need no I know but I
wanna like go do something I want to
explore I want to like fill a backpack
full of stuff and just go by exactly we
love you guys thanks for putting up with
us um thank you seriously this is what
everyday vlogging is all about right
here
see you tomorrow you're beautiful you're
one of a kind
you
