guys welcome to today's video on pair
nervous right now I'm about to go in and
do my laser eye surgery which thanks for
driving I think it had been kind of
hectic driving home after the procedure
they say for out I have to hold my eyes
closed for four hours after the surgery
something really cool is that my mom is
here and she is doing laser surgery as
well I actually have the same book you
do and that's cool I came in here for my
appointment to see if I could get it my
mom called me she's like how did it go
and I said you gotta see if you can do
it you should see if you can do it like
two days later she called she's like not
only can I do it but I'm doing it the
same time you're doing it so walking in
together yeah I don't think I would have
done it on my own it would have been
much more comfortable and dear Brittney
giving us a ride up taking care of us
she's always got our back putting you
through the torture test this morning
it's a good good upgrade I get to wear
the same stuff all right getting our
cool kicks on get my hair and hat on
you're going back with me okay so
they're gonna they're gonna let us go in
and film up - they're gonna let us film
the procedure which probably wouldn't
film the actual procedure anyway cuz
it's probably not that fun to watch a
little too graphic Hey look good but
they're gonna let they're gonna let us
go in and check out the ends like check
out the it's probably pretty cool in
there and then that's the other time
getting nervous well cover my ears or
does it go above your ears or over here
yeah you go ahead okay you're about to
get a swim meet Oh walking in Patrick
show me the ropes what's up guys this is
my bed this is your bed here at the
LASIK vision Institute where we provide
premier lasix doers it's Halloween and
chain saws and drills I expected this to
be scary the LASIK torture round
where's the shackles and the chain what
is this that's not gonna touch me that
the spiky things are you serious
doc tell me that's not gonna touch my
weight these actually touch my heart
rate are you say are those my new Bibles
these are the contact lenses we'll put
on your eye on the procedure and have to
wear for like five days I used to take
off
what's the epithelium so you're gonna
face the shave off play in that I'm
ready if you're ready
are you nervous hey let's get this over
with
how do you feel it was awesome it was
like the coolest surgery you ever have
in your life okay I got to watch the
whole thing you know was amazing it was
so cool
5,000 is that per year 5,000 people
progressed thanks if people really knew
like you have to experience it I mean we
tried so hard to get it to film for you
guys they reach out the court they try I
wanted to show you guys if you really
knew how simple I was I was talking to
the doctor like this is amazing
I don't know maybe I'm just so excited
to get done but it's so simple it's
actually really cool other than seeing
my eye the whole time but which he said
some people don't even see it I saw like
it's a mirror
I was watching marbles I was the only
part I was like yeah he's like coming
down with the tools that's the only
product like I was weird right yeah okay
we have to do a squad goals pictures did
so good I mean I couldn't believe I
heard you coming out of there soon that
was easy
yeah my mom got our eyes back what was
your experience cuz they told me that I
was like excellent patient I think I had
fun with it
no no they told me I was the best if
you're not gonna get them nice so I have
to wear these glasses um anytime I'm
outside and they recommend not these
glasses but just sunglasses I didn't
bring sunglasses so they gave me these
but they recommend me wearing like
sunglasses outside for like the next
month well now I should be wearing
sunglasses which is not my style you
guys know I don't wear a lot of
sunglasses but I'm super glad that not
only I got that done but my mom got it
done
yeah we're good like a space movie as
far as that it's pretty outer space yeah
it's great to be done yeah Ohio well
it's the perfect day for naps mom
perfect they told us it's sleep for a
few hours no TV no computer no cell
phones which is weird because I'm
walking out and I have to put the vlog
up so I have to do all my vlog stuff I'm
fine I guess sunglasses I'm glad we
didn't get towed they said you know
certain hour-to-hour know if we got
towed I'd be that'd be a little
upsetting um so yeah guys oh bamaca know
I even like halfway through I was like
let me film us it's so cool anyway the
entire time it wasn't okay the worst
part for me mom did you see the worst
part for me was you have to look up but
you see your entire eyeball the whole
time
did you know no mine's not like that at
all the doctor said I was like I don't
like seeing my eyeball he's like that's
weird that you see that I could see my
eyeball like I was looking through a
mirror full time look at the green dye
yeah and you could see that I could see
my Hawaii so every time he was taking
one of them tools I was watching him do
it although I didn't see all that so it
was like a mirror yeah I don't know but
it was uncomfortable because you're
seeing him do it
yeah you don't feel anything but you see
it you're like that's my eyeball you're
touching I don't know that's weird that
a sponge would go right over your eye
and you're just you don't even
yeah it reminded me you know the
Jurassic Park when you like see like the
dinosaurs I like yes oh my god happy
Halloween but no it's really cool they
literally like have a timer to put that
on and then I take it off and then he
literally scrapes you can see around the
eye where it's dissolved it's so good he
said he literally
x2 make sure the flap is all I get
healthy because it's gonna reveal it can
grow it grows back a lot of you guys
actually watching this have done that
procedure so you know what we're talking
about for everyone else you're just like
me two hours ago
as far as for me it's I did this because
you were doing it it was easier with
someone there but if as you get older
you'll try different things like as I
was younger I was too afraid to feel
fear I wouldn't even try it so now I'm
kind of like well you know it's okay to
do it and you know like feel fear right
I can feel it now
hey you see my shades I think one of the
coolest parts okay for me it's the
glasses I look cool right like
terminator is it raining we got 48 hours
of rain coming forty-eight hours of
non-stop rain now they told me I need to
come straight home and sleep for four
hours four hours I think you're supposed
to have your eyes shut after surgery
well I mean sleeping would be the
easiest way to do that yeah as a daily
vlogger skipping for hours during the
day is pretty tough on the old schedule
well vlog you watching what is this
Hawaii oh nice Jamie with the big board
that was our our wedding video actually
we went to Hawaii and surfed on the like
16-person surfboard with Jamie I have to
sleep guys I have to lay on the couch
tonight they said no TV no phones no
computers no blog screens I'm gonna take
it easy today man I have to take it
super easy today Korey oh my goodness
what a rainy beautiful comfy day I might
just skip the nap paint you okay okay I
might just skip the nap thing I just
cuddle up over here maybe I could just
put my head under this blanket right
here like this like it everybody oh my
goodness even flash wants to get up
there look at everything good
no off couch he's like please please
daddy here's my deal with dogs like
chachi give them an inch they take a
mile
right as soon as you allow it oh that's
it ah all night what you gonna do you
gonna flick all your fleas all over huh
huh he's so excited like you don't even
see me just look away look away you
don't see me up here he'll lay there for
like two seconds two minutes before he's
like hot he has to get down flash Gulf
Coast that's right that's right
he gets groomed usually on Thursdays
then he's allowed but he's off dude he's
literally been out in the rain today
like you're you're still wet I feel you
I gotta be real I got I gotta be
realistic and go close my eyes for a
while guys like literally I have to push
to have them shut for the first few
hours after the surgery so that's what
I'm gonna go do gonna be responsible
knock that out
I know flash some things are they not
everything is falling all the time I
know I'm gonna leave the camera out here
anybody wants to play with it except
Cora because yesterday she changed all
the settings on this camera you guys may
not have noticed but half the vlog was
shot in 60 frames the other half was 30
frames so it looks really weird she did
it it's got the touch screen so she just
literally grabs it just starts hitting
every button and it takes me forever to
get it back
are you serious
so Kane you're gonna vlog if I leave huh
everybody's done okay I'm gonna leave
the camera right here on the couch and
if anybody wants to film you can if you
don't that's perfectly okay too
hi guys I will see you Grayson I was not
planning on vlogging today as you guys
know yesterday this cameras like on a
tripod completely crooked as you know
yesterday I went and started everything
for my teeth to get them done and their
temporaries right now so I'm not gonna
like show them off for being hand crazy
and the night before I was like freaking
out and ripped like have my eyelashes
all so I wasn't gonna blog but froman's
asleep and we just got all this
prescriptions and everything for his eye
drop and he's been asleep probably good
for hours and he needs to take his like
his eye drops and everything so I mean
to go in and wake him up which I feel
terrible because yesterday he let me
sleep for like ever which I did sleep
like four hours yesterday but I do have
to go in and wake you up and I think he
forgot his goggles he's supposed to wear
I don't know it's like he ended up
wearing a sunglasses but he's supposed
to wear these in bed like every night
for the first week he's supposed to wear
these so I'm gonna go in and tell him he
forgot his glasses and give him his
drawers
morning sunshine you from it's 10
o'clock at night
mmm mommy forgot your eyeglasses shield
it's time to take all of your stuff
there's so many there's three different
ones I mean you got to help late no
order I don't think so they didn't say
anything wait you looks you know yeah
that's the top one on the list my eyes
do feel like kind of like greeny yeah
yeah oh here's the other one
deep deep sleep plenty been an hour and
20 minutes though since you've been
asleep but it's been four hours since
your surgery yeah that's true I'm just
gonna start put them in yeah and then
you have to wait five minutes then to
put the other one in five minutes Fergie
in why are you smelling it I'm not Kate
so dark in here just one drop one drop
in each eye I'm so bad with eye drops do
you want me to do it I'll try it yeah
did it rise in when I just put I draw
you guys member I put eye drops in
Zeus's eyes for like his life oh my gosh
you just went so blurry the flash oh
okay okay that was number one you lost
the cap okay now have to wait five
minutes yeah okay what time is it oh my
gosh 537 so I just put that one in okay
that was the number one on the list okay
I mean turn light on a little just do me
yeah the dimness is all the way down
okay a little more oh my god you forgot
the guy you forgot what you want
paintballing so you don't accidentally
rub your eye in the middle of night oh I
can't wait to just come in here and take
pictures of you oh you have the blankets
over your eyes anyway no they're
actually pretty comfortable
oh my gosh should I get a breather right
strip on they're too smart this is my
anti Korra garden I see sleeping white
that is true of Corazon here are you
gonna go back to sleep for a little bit
I don't know like I feel like sleeping
is easier than just sitting here with my
eyes thinking I mean I think you're good
how do they feel like can you see me you
mean
owner how your mom's doing I'm so out of
it now though I feel like I've been
asleep for like a long time that's how I
was yesterday but can you like to see
across the room now do you see the TV
yeah I can always see across the room
but is it cleaner no yeah no okay so
they told me they told me like tomorrow
yeah it won't get better for five days
cuz I have contacts in yeah I have these
five date contacts in in five days I get
to go back and they take them out and
they said that's gonna be like the day
so I don't think I can see good until
those come off do you need any ibuprofen
or anything no I feel good okay they
said every six hours so far I feel good
but it's not yeah hasn't been that long
so fresh now I can go skiing
paintballing
yeah you're so good you want to see
yourself Oh baby
let's keep this going bring me a blankie
do you want to get in bed lay with me
are you ready gonna night no hi no I
maybe do you see Danny nanny's goggles
is this your bed or mommy's bed no more
monkeys jumping on the bed what will
happen what will happen if you jump on
the bed huh she's totally trying to
ignore me
will you bump your head you reckon on
night Oh
dude if she would come lay with me I'd
be like the happiest daddy daddy night
Korra that night can you blow mommy kiss
all she wants is daddy
lay down look wait a second what do you
have on your face this is daddy how am I
gonna poke you I know what's that
anywhere in it Sakura goggles you gave
me might need to hold her back for this
problem two going in going in hot
Cora perfect guys little girl what's
that he doing he put drops oh that one's
like so cloudy oh no wait that one only
says it what's once every year
that one's thick or something oh that
one is thick white yeah holy cow I was
like putting cream cheese in my 14 days
you're not no eye shadow
get out of here oh man they're just
knocking all my favorites off the list
okay so how many app tomorrow all them
drops four times all the drops yeah
breakfast lunch dinner time and bedtime
nice and then your artificial tears once
every hour by our way you miss are you
getting this no no she's getting closer
to land down so I've taken two outta no
I've taken three out of four and the
fourth ones only for pain I have no idea
for what mugging for the screen on my
camera looks like kind of when you get
out of the shower if you had like a
layer on your mirror and you like wipe
it off that's what I feel like my screen
is like I want to wipe my screen off but
the fourth drop is for pain which I have
zero so I'm not even gonna take that one
yet they said tomorrow's gonna be my
rough day which is great
with a pain for the first two days I
just don't want you to get behind on
pain that's when it gets painful so just
take it you're supposed to say ahead of
pain so just take it I mean you don't
take it if you don't want to but they're
telling you to take it for the first two
days I don't like jeez Louise look at
this it's a real day today baby three
months Lisa saw summertime yeah if
you're playing soccer football
basketball anything you need goggles oh
I go hard and on the sports we go in
what are you going monkeys jumping on
the bed one fell off and bumped it funny
I can't tell if my camera's actually out
of focus or looking at like I think it's
doesn't doesn't look in focus yes so
what's that did you get both eyes
yeah just one drop you try it yeah that
one the one for pain is the only one I
feel it hey my eyes like like I want a
scratching like itchy that's weird
I just don't fiberglass and Mars good
there you gonna go back to sleep walk I
slept good last night I slept so much I
feel like I want that like solid
blackness
you know what I mean yeah what are you
doing thanks for filming
thanks for filming Bret I'm filming you
I mean it's wrong real with myself today
bringing you guys along bringing you on
the real life
thank you camera kiss look Macker oh
yeah it is such a weird day I don't know
it's I think I can do this about the
glasses such a weird day you guys know
if you take a nap like midway through
your day and then the time you were
awake before that nap feels like the
previous day I'm falling asleep like
multiple times I feel like this vlog has
been like five days for me um to be
honest with you like I don't I don't
know what to film right now I'm
literally like I've been hiding these
glasses on like this and I'm just
chilling I'm just now getting core to
bed and like just a really weird day
like I haven't even really been part of
it so I'm gonna in this video start
brushed tomorrow they say tomorrow is
gonna be my more rough day like right
now I feel great like but tomorrow I
guess is where you really feel you
really feel like the procedure like I
might have soreness it might burn it
like I guess tomorrow is like my rough
day but we'll get through it I don't
think I have to wear these tomorrow so
I'll be able to just I'll just be able
to you know I don't have to nap I'm off
to like keep my eyes shut tomorrow so
we're good I can deal with a little pain
like I'm okay with that
so hopefully tomorrow we'll have like a
regular vlog I have to wake up early and
go back for a checkup so that'll be like
first thing early in the morning
probably too early
mr. film I don't know but I want to
thank you guys for being here today I
wish I could have filmed the procedure I
don't know might grow some people I was
definitely weird but I'm really glad
that I did this I'm so pumped I can't
wait it looks like five days before like
I'm like glasses-free like literally
they tell you you can donate him or
throw him away
you never need him again something
pumped about that and I don't doubt you
can even see but for the first time in
my life I have like these five-day
contacts and I've contacts some eyes
right now so and they're like I guess
extra thick so no matter what my visions
like a little blurry until I get the
contact
this kind of a weird process definitely
when you're supposed to be on camera
each day definitely a weird process
right all of you guys Brits getting
course sleep right now we're gonna shut
these lights off turn off the way of the
ease and that's really all I have super
personal today I don't know what to say
I love you guys so much
yeah see you tomorrow beautiful one of a
kind
you
