hello hello to the vlog guys got my girl
rock star style status how you go from
wet to in a bun that's it that's easy
that's where I go ahead I go from wet to
hack it's the lazy wet it's lazy dream
anyway guys welcome to the vlog going to
the air actually watched yesterday's
vlog I got in really late last night
surprised the family they knew I was
coming but I was able to come home very
quickly because today I have to finish
production for my big project which
works out great because I have to finish
it
today two and a half hours away from
here so I'm gonna drive there but we're
gonna pick up some friends from the
airport right now for the next couple
days that were filming with this lot
long they'll speak to me
dier Richmond Ulis that was your jet you
wish keep dreaming dirt boy man yeah so
uh beards been on the fort down here
with the baby Cora and she's growing so
fast the kids are growing so fast
see ya head in the airport right now
pick up some friends and then we're
gonna grab a bite to eat and then we got
a shoot - while Kentucky Earth sends you
something I'm going to the airport and
I'm not leaving so girls get to pick up
some friends love it I want to be coming
to this Airport with you headed
somewhere really secluded okay so a
quick hint before I show you who's here
if you've seen the car that's sitting in
my garage that is the clue on who I'm
about to grab and go to Cincinnati it's
a dead giveaway right yeah are you
concentrating on we were supposed to go
I mean you know lost I am doing all the
airport stuff without you by the way
what we check two bags
one of them's not here we don't they
just send our text and says it's not
here
it's gonna be on the next looks like
we're going to dollars shirts okay let
the bets begin whose bag is I can fit in
your channel by the way where's your bag
they could pick it up later I'm gonna
say that it's your bag because you got
the girls first in person on that we
press
ah man this is it oh dang it's actually
great yeah okay good news is their bag
is coming in and about two hour and a
half so Britney and mares gonna grab it
soon she don't get out of her speeding
tickets you do it was a smile you know
that's what it was he's intimidation
because I had to come home late last
night to get back to Cincinnati for this
big project Matt it's gonna come along
with me mirror and Britt gonna stay here
go get her suitcase and then of course
the rescue Cora yeah go rescue our good
news is I don't have to stay there
tonight we need to come home late
tonight so I will see you very money
give me money kidding I got it bye
ladies
we'll see you tonight go shopping high
country there's only one rule today no
getting pulled over listen if you do you
get out of two tickets in two days I
will buy you on number two to four to
get it okay so we are headed to
Cincinnati Ohio couple hour drive got
country got Matt Baume my buddy dennis
is gonna be here Dale my brother John
Dale my brother and John even my dad's
gonna be here we are finishing up this
part of my project I've been working on
and it's gonna be really cool that
everybody's here with me for this part
basically I can't show you much but I
will show you actually I can tell you a
little bit about this this
the family we took to the Bahamas is
it's for five year anniversary of
beating cancer and at five years it's
where you really know if you have almost
a hundred percent chance of not getting
cancer it's a huge big thing and we are
basically surprising her with a giant
anniversary party when she has no idea
about so probably will miss the
emotional great parts for the vlog but
that's what we're doing right now and
I'm so excited to be doing it and
bringing some of my friends along with
me it's gonna be awesome and my dad is
giving her one of his paintings that
he's painting he's here's the thing we
went to Hawaii months months months and
months ago a fan one of you guys brought
some paint-by-numbers paintings for the
kids the next day my dad's out on the
out on the deck just painting all these
kids things like you know I haven't
painted for 20 years and because of
those paint bike colors
he now paints every day since right back
and it brought it whoever brought this I
wish I wish I know but yeah he's
painting like phenomenal work now it's
wild so we're on our way to do this guys
and I obviously off film what I can and
done it's gonna be we have made it my
dad beat me here I still love it every
time I see this car force a smile on my
face look at that guy you ready to do
this I'm totes ready we're gonna change
this girl's life my bro here John Dennis
and its mom are on the way and I kind of
want to show you guys something what can
I show them stress man yes Pat nice
bathrooms country did you see that candy
rack in there see I went over there and
I reached Justin just to taste it yeah
don't you touch that candy who was that
who did this to you then I told her I
said hey you know she's right I have to
wait for the kids to Matt's a lot of fun
to hang out with
that was only halfway only halfway there
waiting for all the big surprise to
happen we are kind of waiting for
families and friends to pull up look at
this room this is what we need
how many cool toys could you put in here
you just pull in okay bigger is better
this has to be that means I'm the best
really our friends forever
take the trash can off there we go yes
oh it is on
pushing contest I just pushed Matt to
here that's a pretty good push well you
know I slipped I just had popcorn it's
windy in here you know countries now
country's gonna push them see if you can
beat him
country I'll say it's very even pushing
the better oh I didn't have that oh it's
gonna hit the wall yeah it is about time
I want I want it to go in this is like a
hangar you guys dales push still going
good
sorry it looks good but he's soft around
the edges my hands just mushed right off
his back
oh I see you took your shoes off for
them my push he slid on there dry dad's
gonna push me yeah we're gonna set the
record remember you can't cross that
line I'm gonna cross a line on where you
break the wolves if you back him up and
get the wheel straight first see right
now they're all I had to store inside
that line I'll sit right there you go no
one else was on the line so here we go
are you ready ready hold tight come on
push y'all ready I think we got a winner
here John watch out Oh Oh bumper son
victory bungees got me you dragged your
feet we're gonna launch Roman
don't try at home
doubles doubles it's not bad
mom you need to get on there oh geez no
it just keeps getting better we gonna
create teams right now
okay three of us I'm up
hey Shay hold the plot I know I gotta be
the left cheek first and then hold on to
me hold on okay Matt's on
don't you film this oh there you go
there you go
listen I want to let you know Nitro
Circus ain't doing these stunts
you know when the cameras come out
someone's about to happen
guys we're warping for hours and hours
of production but I just came up with an
idea because actually we did
tomorrow is the Tim McGraw Faith Hill
gilina bread concert I think I think
that bars gonna be there Macklemore it's
just a big show and we can Matt and I
were discussing it Britney really wants
to start Britney really wants us to
happen I think she's yeah Britney we
really don't do it we don't love Britney
we she wants us to go out tomorrow and
go full cowboy I'm talking here sure
pants cowboy boots Spurs the whole nine
yards so much when he came to take back
his country lost his license from the
police police laughing that's not sure
he did really well but here's what I'm
thinking like yeah me and Matt we're
Cowboys well we can roll it off for sure
that's but we got one person in the car
and his name is a country
you telling me you're not gonna go full
country on this tomorrow
here's what I'm gonna say who wants to
see right now tell me in the comments
who wants to see country go full tongue
I'm talking I want bandana around the
neck I want I want a piece of straw
I want cowboy Stephen try to hang it up
try to hear me I want this to be like
what if you would just ride a horse to
the venue - that would really make if
you could pull up on a pony bro people
make the mini donkey would work as well
we've got Empire this is a bit so I just
need to hear from you are you in or out
oh you know how about two choices you
can go as a cowboy or a full-blown rap
artists like bandana backwards knotted
in the front gold chains all nine yards
all right all right I think it needs to
happen we got look we got to make it fun
going to a concert that has to country
there's not much love country this one
I feel like this vlog camera is a
powerful weapon against you it is no I'm
not doing it I'm not doing it
hey guys what's up country yeah I'll do
it I gotta support listen man I think
you would just look great in it he's
gonna pull it off with you you're on
work mode but you can beat cowboy and
we're Cowboys are good workers
so you gonna work his cowboy time uh
what's the matter baby looks Jew listen
did I wake you up now wake you up
so flash she's still here your baby your
baby's still here I kept doing I kept it
safe protected yeah Ben it's a folder
for the mirror folder you know I don't
know how that happened I bet my donkey
came and then like rubbed his head on it
so we're here come see how you how you
holdin up buddy
why you truck were you trying to scare
me again I need to literally just film
every time I come up she always tries to
scare me no it's never on camera we
brought some balloons for the kids I'm a
sword I know it was a long drive
nope she's awake that mares awake it was
a long drive actually uh a couple hours
we're back home everything's great
I promise you tomorrow there's no
production so it will be just a normal
vlog for you guys I'm gonna end it right
now say goodbye we love you you're
beautiful
you're one of a kind smile
you
