what is it raagh come here give daddy
honey I love you right back okay does
this thing I had gotten her like the new
stage clothes like the new stage and us
girls were all going through mine
so then when we call them up to her she
started good and now she does it all the
time hey Cora hey guys welcome oh my god
gonna kill me Oh
it picks me up I know I could see my two
boys go fast she just chased me right up
the steps
what's going on in here huh guys in your
whole world oh my gosh hey I'll be back
I love why you got all the lights out it
looks so dark in here I'm going to I'll
show you when I get back I'll show you
the video I'll be right back man I love
you
I don't know it's just crazy in this
house
there's dangling lights on in this house
you'll always know playing in the dirt
oh she is gonna get her
the real core hey remember how we had
all your kids last night have fun little
bit of a madhouse but we are walking out
gonna go have oh my god this is like day
three day four solid rain just keeps
raining stops rain stops rain stops
rains brisk top
I know it's locked come on so we are
first of all thank you guys for the
support on yesterday's vlog Britney and
I asked a crazy question about the daily
vlogs and that we're getting ready to
celebrate 10 years together which is
incredible it's you it's a decade
together it's amazing we're so pumped
about that
another huge favor if you're watching
our videos each day and you're not
subscribed please subscribe to our
channel we're just we're just under 15
million subscribers and I see a lot of
viewers are subscribed so if you want to
get those noted hopefully I don't even
know if you get notifications anymore I
don't even know if subscribing helps
anymore feels good to see those numbers
that would be huge we're headed up to do
like it's a little charity event for
breast cancer awareness of some sort
where we basically hot wings which I'm
terrible with I'm naughty I am having my
cheat meal you're going I'm eating
whatever I want but you're gonna take
hot ways I'm terrible at pasta terrible
so this kind of freaks me out last time
I had something me I usually throw up
like it literally makes me sick
I know I know I know so anyway we're
going up to do a I think Brian's coming
Pizza John's come in we're gonna have
some fun with this whoops are donated
$20 per we need yes sir every time you
need a wing it's 20 bucks to the charity
yeah just you know who remember I just
realized the last time I was here I
think I was tickling giant biker dudes I
honestly think that was the last time
remember that how's the good old day
look it is Captain mullet man in the
house this could be you John this give
me you dude you can get your weight is
nobody on the wall I don't know maybe
dude you got to get on the wall so
bummed about eating units that's how
they measure the heat up I don't know
what that it's a made-up number no no no
I Wikipedia it before you got you all
right these are the guys putting on the
event they're literally putting gloves
on
right now we're actually gonna wear
gloves are you serious there's that he
has dump it in it they're putting gloves
on whoa he's a medical professional and
he's scared of bees that should scare us
yeah I know
are you actually gonna try one he went
to school a long time all right he knows
more than me oh this is mine
everybody needs one everybody needs on I
have a picture of a nil got a wind show
it's good cause
know what it's not as bad but they give
me hiccups dude
that one was saucy oh my god it's
burning my nose it's burning my nose
one more let's do one more
dude the sauce up my fingers and
poor boy actually in that matter
eating fiberglass it's getting so much
worse it started out that back
it gets worse with child it does get
worse it's like throwing up its you're
like oh this thing so bad that eats here
comes some more pills come I can't
really handle this is it bad
it comes wait there bring it to more we
got this I cannot believe we're gonna
break 100 break a hundred
this is number two yeah feels great
you've ever had super super what are
they five hundred thousand to use five
hundred thousand s to use request a to
use SH John's hitting ten right now you
gonna try one hey dude you did great man
can't wait seven three two but they did
120 total with the whole group that's
$2,400 yeah that's awesome that was for
my mom
well that was close buses on though all
right buddy
see you guys the mall going to the mall
didn't know they got hot wings there
that was interesting
I'm not a hot eater of any sort so I'm
eating a couple was great
John raised $200 good job man more than
I've ever made heck yeah Britt and I
donated 500 just on our own because I
can't eat hot stuff
and hey I'll see you in a minute and now
we're headed over to the mall to get
some awesome ice cream
that sounds really good actually okay
that's totally opposite even half as
good let's just do it don't you wrap it
up wrap it up see what you got you're
not you don't even put the mullet on in
that car not loud Oh Bret here you go
you get some new outfits that was the
cat's mouth you are already a cat
there's a mermaid try it try it try to
try to be the new mascot you don't touch
it oh this has got bad news written all
over it
only cabbage oh my gosh dude see that's
where you go to get immune to everything
yeah when you have kids you realize how
dirty everything we did I don't remember
how long after my glasses on guys don't
make fun of them or do I don't know hey
are you going in here remember we were
in this mall we did that make out prank
for me and you milady with my hair she's
like my age we did it yeah there's all
good okay I've never seen this before my
incredible sweet tooth everyone
chocolate side cold cinnamon one is Oh
Cinnabon wasn't open so this is the next
I never had this together so hold
they're actually using real cooking it
is it's it's legit stuff
watch that see so they freeze the cream
like Piper freeze okay it's like what
happened to Captain America you'll be
able to have this this is like from
World War two he'll be able to eat this
job this is legit it's like man-haters
just actually ice cream it turns into
ice you want to see somebody get excited
about to uShip they're doing food videos
like shit you didn't love it no one
likes but I would forget to turn the
camera off when I was like done I'd I
know watch the magic
I'm sorry it's putting a lot of pressure
on you but I have faith god she's like
whatever she's got it'll fill me all the
time
oh yeah Oh little crumbles oh man this
is looking good this is looking good now
ah it's like an ice-cream sheet of paper
yep
that's fine
what
blowing asthma I'm actually kind of it's
actually kind of blown away trying to
explain it see if you have to see it to
believe it
ice cream roll-up ice cream by the foot
ice cream rolled into rolls it's amazing
all right well it's trying to clear up
it's like half sprinkling half Sun over
there which is good it feels amazing
outside actually it's crazy that fifty
nine feels good now I used to just
though two weeks ago I was like freezing
outside we are we're on the move we're
headed home I don't think we have
anything I didn't buy anything you
bought a big old chocolate fuck ice
cream I've been so glad I've been sick
needed today today was my teammate I had
chicken tenders and french fries that's
it it's all my but I might just have
like a tiny pea I'm not gonna eat the
whole thing it's like this big case you
guys don't know about guy is like a
chocolate I didn't realize that that's
kind of a it's like a big piece of
chocolate stuff with peanut butter it's
like a creamy like peanut butter so
anyway you didn't eat it nothing even
take a bite no I think we do but
he's like did you just make that cookie
his face dude well except you're his
birthday cake you'd be so thankful mommy
thinks about you guys every second she
lasts or so can we get some pretty kids
hey guys hey guys want some cookie you
guys Monica eat remember how I told you
guys it was clear nuts about the it nice
out bada-bing bada-boom you know see the
rain baby she just woke up literally
right now you see all the rain
oh it's getting your red carpet wet huh
I'll just stop jumpers see that like
please stop right so you're having you
need to indulge how's the cookie cookie
monster woke up a hair of the cranky
side and then I think mixed with waking
up to that cookie you can be a little
bulldozer here in a minute
it is stormy stormy hope you guys
enjoyed your stay at the Atwood
residence yes having a good day woo you
enjoy your stay at the house it looks
totally dark outside it's heavy heavy
heavy rain heavy rain you're leaving
thank goodness geez Louise
just kidding it's been fun it's been
real it has it been real fun
so that flush is knocking at the front
door come on dude let's go dude look at
the hell should I do a cane run out
I never seen that
that was crazy gonna be the wild one
what is that Cora think she really don't
know about winter like I'm stuck in
frozen to the porch never storming
inside the reef tank guys fed some
requests lately to show you guys the
tank and kind of update you on it and
yeah it's a little dark right now
because it's becoming nighttime and the
lights actually work just like a real
ocean so they dim they actually brighten
a they're pretty cool it's a pretty cool
setup actually I haven't really showed
much of the tank lately be it's grown so
much over this is four years old now all
the corals in here are about four years
old and so are the fish these are the
same clownfish I got when we started the
tank I'm so I've had them personally
about four years I don't know how old
they were before that but uh this is all
real coral there's nothing fake inside
this tank this is all alive it's all
real it's all beautiful and it's
extremely colorful although on camera if
you've watched the vlogs for a long time
you know that on camera it's always very
blue everything's very blue on camera
it's not as blue in person mind-blowing
in person this is one of my like my TV
right here so I'm just some of the
pretty corals this thing's super cool
when I feed the tank the whole thing
opens up this thing's pretty big too
it's probably the size of my hand and if
I was in the tank it's huge
big Rosen enemy back there hi baby
look at that he's a little toothbrush I
love your jammies oh my gosh I just want
to snuggle up with you she looks so cute
so it's just a huge mass of corals
because I've ever done any fish tank
stuff with the salt water you know how
just about every coral it can't touch
each other every piece has to be that
you see that white on that coral that's
because this coral is actually zapping
it we really need to get in here soon
and kind of frag it out and fragging is
basically when you take and break the
coral any any piece of this coral that
you break turns into a new coral
unbelievable it's awesome even the soft
stuff like these big flowy things if you
just snip a piece it turns into another
coral a lot of you have tanks what if
our frags we do like a big giveaway like
through Todd or something like we paid
time to ship all the frags roman's tank
actual corals from our tank yeah because
we have to start cutting a lot of this
coral it's actually I can't even clean
this part of the glass because this
coral is actually growing into the glass
like it's actually going this is huge by
the way like look at these clowns
everyone gets like a little piece they
can have like a piece of us in their
tank maybe so in case this sounds crazy
cuz it probably does you know nothing
about saltwater aquariums and corals um
the way you start these is you have to
go by they're very expensive every
little piece of coral is like 30 bucks
like if you want a little tip of this
coral there it's easily like $30 like
they're very yep
yeah all this grows like this big this
is like three years worth of growth but
like every one of these tips is like
3040 bucks these clams they can be
hundreds of dollars we talked about the
idea of starting another aquarium that
all we do and we have to snip gorges you
do have to eventually cut pieces so that
it has room to grow it's like cutting
your hair you
keep cutting your hair building a tank
that it's just full of our pieces of
coral so you can actually take and buy
pieces of our tank and make it grow
I don't know this coil right here is
insane actually I want to show you this
right now I think this is a lot this is
a hey it's okay actually no that's not
at home just so you guys know it's hard
to tell but that piece of coral is
easily bigger than the round of a
basketball this is huge like that piece
comes all the way into all of this giant
starfish in here so this is inside
Cora's room she has like her own tunnel
that looks into the tank but look at
this big star fish this big starfish and
snail just chilling right here and as
you can see we can't clean this glass
because all the corals are actually
pressed against the glass that were that
full in this tank there's some
perspective on this coral okay that's my
whole hand so you're looking at it see
dude this is like probably two feet
super pretty piece right here I love
this so much life it's so beautiful I
can't explain the just how pretty it is
I mean look at that it's out of this
world man so pretty oh hey bud hey guys
don't play on the camera what's up yeah
there's a nice aquarium update I didn't
even realize it's literally four years
old now you can actually go back on the
channel the day we put water and started
with just rock in this tank it's it's
crazy growth and it's become
breathtaking it is literally like when I
built it I was like I want a fish tank
that would be in a fish tank magazine
like that's what I'm going for I want
the best reef tank in literally I have
it I'm so impressed with it blows my
mind no don't even I saw you you want
him on that couch you'll never get him
off the couch don't see he knows I'm
standing here he's gotta go out Yoga
body you gonna clean the floor core you
want to fight the floor
yeah get it girl
don't answer that are you ready baby
flashy city I'm Amy paralytic Mike
there's mommy sharks say hi mommy shark
fight she really gets going with hey sit
down Missy City come on baby shark can't
dance hard enough hey yay clap you want
to say do you want to say bye to
everybody yeah see bye
sit say bye bye oh we love you guys we
will see you tomorrow
umm I think today is is today two weeks
14 days did we do fuck you didn't you
funny huh guys I think this is 14 two
weeks straight awesome thank you for the
support the love everything you already
know you already know you already you
know say bye bye bye we love you guys
Britt said bye we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile
you
you
