welcome to the blood guys hope you're
having a great day I got it I gotta say
something because I just got the text on
the plane as we were landing we're at
the airport right now today's exciting
because we're in Columbus Ohio which
means we're going home and we just hit
four billion views on this channel four
billion it's not possible
dude you're not possible mom and dad
must be watching this channel a lot more
than they say they are and what do you
have like 1,400 videos I mean you're
close right 1,400 about thirteen hundred
and twenty-nine you're close yeah that's
a lot of it yeah in 29 can you divide
that up and get an average video views
to make four billion I can't
somebody good someone yeah whoa that's a
good idea actually thirteen hundred and
twenty-nine divided by four billion
that's simple math for billions of I did
buy 1320 that's why I said I can't do it
right yeah so we've been traveling a lot
yesterday we flew from New York to Los
Angeles we filmed all day and then now
this morning we flew from Los Angeles to
Columbus to come back home which is
awesome I'm so excited you guys like
you're sleepy country no I actually
watched two movies watch the movie you
asked me to watch which one
enjoy good did it make you want to go to
McDonald's no I would we passed by one
I've definitely get a number two so yeah
guys welcome back to Columbus Ohio thank
you so much from the bottom of my heart
for billion views is the number that I
can't even
it's a ridiculous number it's crazy so
thank you for that let's go home see the
family in this little kitten thing yeah
fine I get dad you know where we're
going
you sure you look lost looking for a car
I've never been in this part either you
guys forgot to leave the rental key in
the car and you go home with it right
there we pulled up right there almost
busted busted exposed we have been here
back to the weird muggy humid weather
but it's not raining raining you got to
take this hoodie off though all right so
to give me an idea why big four billion
is I can't even fit it on my phone this
direction it only goes to 400 million
you have to turn it sideways to add one
more zero four billion all right now
we're gonna divide that by 13 29 and we
get roughly just over three million per
video on average to get four billion now
you divide the coefficient the average
my square root Bill Nye the Science Guy
puh-puh-puh I don't know what you're
saying oh yeah I'll know this science
guy
so yeah only about three million per
video which all tons of my old videos
don't even have many views so it's
really the new ones and the ones that
just exploded to help get that should do
some crazy really yeah like go home and
see our kids yeah uptown girl in the
middle of a sweet corn world we're back
to the sweet corn boys
look at my donkey look at my donkey
waiting for sambar what's up buddy look
at that greet look at that greeting my
bro thanks for the ride my man yeah see
on the other side
flashy my man what's up bud oh I missed
you
come on let's go see the fam no this way
this way no where are they I don't care
if you're wet we're all greeting what's
up bud oh hi baby
Cora hi sweetie bye
oh my yacht wiser to Nitro and tucks
talks and nitro oh my god the names are
the best is that cuz Nitro Circus yeah
that is so awesome
I saw comments I actually saw comments
it said you got the kitten on the st. on
the same day I did the flip right we put
up that vlog I'm saying that it's look
and everyone's like you should name the
kitten Nitro is that why you did that
and this one's tux tuxedo what's up
tuxedo I would you know what I'm not
even like when I see him in person not
even upset
they're so cute I can be mad at that hi
buddy you got a whole week order while I
was doing a whole week did you miss me
ah I just can't wait till she can
interact there's my man
take care for me daddy time I can see my
gosh so do you want to know do you want
to know the cat's favorite spot yeah
right on this rock not like on the rocks
warm
yeah like against it really so this is
Nitro huh
you love that name that is a cool name
for a hyper little wild kitty the new
best friend really talks you're the
cuddler you look like the flea flicker
are they both boys oh I think he's a
happy kid II think he's happy Chan is
the spot
watch out doggy empire watch help buddy
we gotta move you gotta move acting all
crazy I hope you guys are having such a
good day it feels so good to be home I
got a run-out pick up my boy Noah so I
have the whole family here with me I
gotta tell you
I love what I do I'm so blessed to have
everything I have you guys the career
the things I'm able to do because of all
this when you see this big project we've
been working on I mean we're changing
people's lives to the absolute fullest
the biggest ideas you could ever think
of
we are doing it we are doing things so
big so powerful so emotional you're just
gonna you're really gonna enjoy this I
can't wait for you to see it all however
it causes me to take time from my family
so when I am home I am so happy I'm so
excited I'm so ready to just you know be
the dad and that's where I'm at right
now so I'm gonna get my boy Noah and
then we're headed home to just be a
family today and now we've got two new
additions the cats the second ones a
huge surprise and Brittany was like but
the first one was so lonely and then I
see it and I'm just like it's so freakin
cute like how how am I gonna say
anything like it's the cutest thing an
entire world so here's to a good day -
everybody stay positive think positive
obviously there's a million things to
bring us down every day but um we you
are your biggest enemy that is great
advice because you control how you feel
right now don't worry about what's
happening just be you think that Curtis
did a burnout so yeah I love you the
sun's really crazy right now I will see
you guys back in the house thanks for
everything
you gonna show are you coming to see you
that one's Nitro named after my back
flip really yeah like that balls do big
play with hey he's got some weird look
like his eyes ball job you gonna show
him tux
show him tux can't even see him you see
tux like so camo he's out he does have
stripes look can you see him yeah
he's got that striped tux they're
brothers they're both boys yeah he's
like it's such a journey tuxedo he came
today so he's not as like used to
hanging out or friendlier she is knocked
out mommies touch mommy's special touch
I was holding her and she was like
pushed so we don't have a ton to film
because we're just kind of settling in
the house this lens is shot I don't know
if it affects you guys that's up there
we go it is but it's been on a heck of a
trip this week I mean I pretty much used
and abused this baby how was your week I
love her she's not we are really laid
back look at this the best tater tater
tots and pizza that's you trying to take
top on the pizza yeah beat the thoughts
you're talking about you but I won't
even taste the tater we're kind of just
hanging out it's almost bath time and
bedtime it's school schedule I think
we're just um I think we're just gonna
just end this here we're gonna all kind
of just do our thing tonight and we'll
get a fresh start tomorrow but probably
short vlog for you but we're home we're
all together everybody's healthy and
happy and that's awesome so hard to be
away right now so thanks for coming with
me thanks for coming back with me and
it's time to play at home we love you
guys so much I can't wait till she's
like active you know like laughing
she certain at least see you and like
smile you know we love you guys so much
thank you for everything
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
