alright guys welcome to the vlog I'm
super super excited today I'm doing
something that I've never done and I'm
actually out of place I've never been I
am at the Rochester baseball field I
don't sure the team plays here that's
how bad I am a sports what is it
Red Wings I knew that dude I was testing
you you guys know I know nothing about
sports but I'm super pumped today not
only am i pump but I am hanging out with
Ryan Williams I can't even explain like
how excited I don't watch a lot of
YouTube but I follow you on YouTube and
I watch your stuff all gameplay I feel
I'm pumped I've been a little bit of a
fangirl kind of like I've been hiding it
but I'm really excited for today and
want to try to like put some perspective
into what these guys do because they I
watch you on camera yeah and it just
doesn't look like this like it is so big
guys the ramps are so huge the gaps are
so big I want to try to capture that
because I don't know maybe it's the
cameras you're using but I just you
don't see the size you'll see the height
this guy is crazy I guess I'm just I'm
just like used to it now I said like I
don't really mind him I yeah it's just a
big ramp to the big jump I'm not like I
don't really think about how actually
big it is I'm looking at it like that's
a skyscraper that you go down and then
you jump in the Grand Canyon basically
that's what it looks like yeah pretty
fun I find it fun I reckon you would
dude right he's trying to get me to go
up here today's he's China he's trying
to kill me okay here's some people so
you might be able to see the size of the
drop in look look at that so the drop in
is absolutely massive like it to me it
is it's a tower that you just fall off
of and then the gaps on these ramps so
you drop it you drop it off the tower
you ride down and then here's the ramps
and then the down sides all the way over
here look at that man we're here a
little early so we get to see him watch
them build this is for the motocross
stuff so yeah guys welcome to the vlog
I'm very very excited I'm definitely a
fan girl overall the that's the riders
here like I've been following so many of
them for so long and I see them like
guys like Ryan I'm like you
you're crazy that's what you think what
do you think something excited I just
think you should've brought your little
bike man look you could imagine the
pawns you could hit with that imagine
the lakes that you could just devour
but there's no lake over there it's just
hard landing it's just the end of
country it would be the end of country
you gotta respect these riders they guys
like I want to try to get you guys some
perspective on this gap look at that oh
my god it's one thing to jump it Willy
you're good at it like it's one thing to
jump it you're doing like Olympic diving
tricks off of this thing just practice
practice makes perfect I mean the first
time I did it always probably just as
scared as you would be and then I've
done it like a thousand times so it's
like just another walk in the bokram is
you do it all right give me a lay of the
land man like what's going on over your
office we got the motocross and then I'm
looking at like some crazy toy you
landrum with wheels on it so you guys go
down yeah come on I've seen some of it I
think I've seen this couch dummy so they
go off that mega ramp with the couch
cooler and a in a barrel no they had no
have you done it standing over right
there if you haven't done it because
they make me ride so I ride to things
like a BMX and a scooter so they let me
they let me off they don't shut me in
any of these because you've already
doing enough so this is what Ryan thinks
that I'll be safe doing today all right
first of all you ride these you take
that yeah you've done that one I haven't
personally done that one Bob they doing
many people try do that once I would say
try I wouldn't say they'd do it I would
say they try is this the graveyard of
like definitely all the backups that's
the last guy that went down right there
the last guy like me that showed up was
like I can do it that's what was left
right there
so this is what he's saying I should do
right here the trike
you got it oh my god here's where I'm at
mentally okay cuz obviously I'm freaked
out a little bit like it's easy to sit
down here and sit on this trike and be
like this is no big deal but when you
get up on that Tower I'm pretty sure I'm
gonna be scared yeah but here's where I
might mentally this is my first time at
Nitro Circus I have the chance to do
something do you do you pass it up like
I feel like I go to bed tonight go on I
can't believe I just went there and hung
out but I want to drop in and do
something chasing country will you catch
me if you just stand on the edge and try
to catch me it'll be worth it maybe
stand in the middle just stand in the
middle just think guys that's it should
we do some practice runs if you guys
stand on the on the ramp like that I'll
do it okay so just to keep things
rolling we're gonna walk up the 64 stair
64 I haven't counted this one yet but
you can count of thought okay well tell
you when we get there we're gonna go up
and look at this thing wow this is no
joke dude this is no joke all right look
at how high we are guys first of all
we're up in the sky and this thing is
straight friggin down look at country
you gonna catch me you're right I said
it I said it once I'll say it again
it does not look high on camera like
when I look down my camera it doesn't
look like nothing okay have you slid
down this on your butt yeah but they
painted it now we like some coats grippy
so when it rains we can still ride oh
nice that's good for you because then
you want to slip around you'll be
straight heading for the ramp but yeah
you can't slide down but you might wreck
your good jeans my good jeans
your H&M bro okay so it's about 46 steps
up something like that we're gonna go
grab a bite to eat it's a little early
everything's not even set up yet but I'm
feeling at least as of right now oh my
god at least as of right now I'm feeling
kind of confident to get this trike out
and go down this ramp and just hit it
Ryan said you can't just hit this ramp
like it's way easier to backflip it so
now I'm like now I got a backflip like
it's one thing to ramp this mega ramp
it's another thing to land a backflip
but you guys know I'm not like I haven't
mastered a backflip it's gonna be like
completely luck if I if that will flip
you gotta catch me man
so I so the gap is 40-foot from the tip
of that ramp to that downside 40 feet
that's not that bad we're in the
baseball park yeah so I asked them to
get me two gloves you gotta catch me
then you're gonna be like bumblebee on
transformers if I'm falling whoa gotcha
I don't feeling good feeling good I'm
scared of together yeah this is
something that I've never ever ever
attempted in my life and honestly it's
like a dream come true to even be here
so do I pass the opportunity oh my god
do not miss your chance how many tries
for this trick right here probably like
a hundred and sixty tries so when you
land that it was like the greatest yeah
the thing is though it's not 160 tries
at a skate park it's like 160 times
walking up the stairs so basically I'll
go up I initiated back foot with my body
I'd throw the scooter forward into a
front flip it just nearly Clips my bar
doing a back flip I'm gonna back flip
scooters doing a front flip and then the
only reason I landed this one was
because the scooter actually hits me in
the head hits me in the head you can see
I flip here hits me in the head don't I
catch it and then just throw it away
yeah I feel good for you in your hand I
lost my mind I was like literally I
didn't know I didn't couldn't even
imagine what like I was at the time I
was like
last time I seen someone like that
excited is one country ramped his bike
into the pond so guys we're our time is
ticking and you know I'm riding a
tempting maybe a truck I can see now
saying I'm doing it yeah so I went from
maybe so I'm doing it and I figured
chicken fingers was the best fuel for
tricycle yeah it puts me back a kid
stage kid my tricycle fuel truck fuel
and we're back to patient is kind of
killing it's kind of one of them things
where I just want to go and do it right
now sup dawg so wills my man so this
thing today is either gonna be my best
friend and my worst enemy get nervous
guys it's so big like this is for
literally professionals the best in the
world do this alright always hi so this
is actually that's awesome
yo it is hot I'm skinning that does not
feel as good my bad okay so here's
here's something true story you've never
dropped in on this on a trike not on a
trike ever sorry I'm gonna I'm gonna
dummy this for you and I'm gonna be the
first one and you well you when you said
you're nervous now I'll start to get
more nervous because it's like oh it's
nothing right yeah like I know I'll make
it to the jump and I thought that that's
all you're nervous about so I got a show
today I mean if I get hurt I just go
home you get hurt you lose you miss your
show no I'm just pretending to be
nervous I swear so I guess I should
explain that the reason I'm actually at
Nitro Circus today is because of a much
bigger project the project that you
don't really get to see a lot of right
now but soon it will be coming out and
you'll see that you know all this stuff
how's that camera treating chase it's
great it's good this is one of the
greatest things we've ever done it is
I'm just
whole entire thing is I go for it you
really want to do today actually happens
yeah we just go we just got word we just
got word that I might not even be
allowed to attempt the jump which would
suck now because I've had so much
thought and I want to do it that I would
be really bummed yeah but I have
confidence in you that you if anyone can
do it it's you not me and plus you said
you give me ten bucks
that's okay so thank you - Willie
because he just can't he was he came up
to me like y'all fighting for your heart
because legal wasn't allowing me to do
this but you did it yeah I mean I was
like no he's a professional BMX rider
he's done this before so many times just
let him do it
so because I can do it because I can do
a bunny hop on them exactly so guys it
looks like if I can get the confidence
which I'm feeling pretty good I'm gonna
drop down the mega ramp and hit this
thing on the trike yikes
yo it's street bike Tommy do the legend
himself you guys haven't seen a very
faint one of the most famous clips I'd
say out of all these random Clips
was this guy that was Travis's foam bit
wasn't it there's a Travis's profane
supposed to hit foam and it ended up in
some scrap plywood just literally
cleared everything on a street it was
the first time I ever did anything in my
life first time I jumped back was that
Travis is still on the same foam bit
yeah he goes Willy
hello guys
you know what's getting close to Ryan's
bringing her over then tanned yeah I
think you're gonna hear it my voice I'm
getting nervous the closer we get I'm
actually like I can feel it all right
guys so we're kind of jumping around a
little bit but it's getting very real
I've been approved they're putting it
all together and I'm about to head up
that ramp and do the mega jump at Nitro
Circus like I'm so honored I'm so
excited I'm super nervous it's just I
know with all my heart if I can just get
down that side I got this that drop is
so terrifying I know once I hit the ramp
I'm good maybe how you feeling
is your heart racing yeah good
you got a film for me yeah you got to
all right so I got the pros here what's
your one piece of advice for me don't
lean back down the rollin if you lean
back you're gonna do it Willie I got the
medic standing right there pretty much
don't get a clock into a lot as soon as
you give it a little more you gotta back
mom the opposite advice if you want to
backflip you better lean back otherwise
you might be down around yeah no yeah he
was talking about on the start yeah
these guys are gonna go first so I can
see what the heck to do they're gonna
rock paper scissors it ready Rock just
so you guys know Ryan has never dropped
in on this either with the strike so
it's first time or standing this is one
of the moments where I have no problem
putting on a helmet in here wait where
did you land at I landed pretty far down
all right guys I'm headed up the super
duper and a super duper staircase you're
literally testing the ramp right now I'm
testing it with making it made it bigger
and they've just added a bigger gap
basically so and it's Windy Hill Lily
back last time I'm gonna have you a
little bit of a push not much right
before they make it you need a bigger
push already feel the rhythm a push a
push come on buddy Oh tracking time oh
my god
all these guys are too good at what they
do
no that was luck you got that Roman you
definitely got no I like how you just
hung Willy yeah yeah well are you you're
getting this you're getting the VIP
treatment
oh my make it 3-2 ride downhill from
here
can yourself you just yell Wow thank you
so freakin much dude yeah my cheeks hurt
so much when I heard the crowd erupted I
knew I just knew he yeah so here's the
thing it was really hard to get them to
let me do the jump but he just walked up
to me and said well I guess you've
proven yourself you want to do it live
tonight during the show because right
now it's just warm-ups and practice the
stadium's not even 4:00 yet you do -
look what you talking in how often does
that happen
honestly never never never ever happens
you've never even rolled down the ramp
you've never even touched the track and
you just gone back for the first draw
guys you gotta overcome your fear and
just try things like I'm not telling you
to go hit a giant ramp I'm just saying
like sometimes we're scared and things
but it's just an emotion it's no
you actually can do so you know all
about it I just don't let it hold you
back just push through and it's the best
feeling to overcome that fear and get
success everybody was trying to talk me
out of it no no oh the night like you
guys do be safe and I just stuck to my
guns and we did it and I'm so happy
tossing Danny
alright guys so skipping around a little
bit again but look they got can you
shoot them back of this one yeah you
guys are the best dude look at this
Oh suits you man Oh Nitro Jersey man
holy credit I don't want I want to like
take it up and put it in frame and hang
it up yeah I mean the I go to jumpin
they get daddy just give it a wash hang
it in a wash there the kids are pumped
this place is lit ready for you guys
yeah I can't wait it's right down I mean
I'm worried in such a high I'm ready to
bring it back up is it bad that I'm
already thinking like I want to do it
again no that's what I know why they do
it man did you do it you just want to
keep going yeah I don't wanna throw you
on to the boss but are you feeling for
the next one hey you think you're gonna
throw it again no dude I don't know I
see I know I landed it first try your
other perfect do you just stop there or
do you try again now your records 100%
why would you try again but but if I but
if I do it again I go to 50% let's go
for 200 so you're about to see what I
meant about not doing straight in the
back
okay show start guys
that's about the terror
always wanted to come to this it's been
like forever thing for me so to be here
to be a part of it I think I'm gonna do
another attempt
yes
I need it that time over-rotated here we
go cooler
Moli blurry come on baby come on baby
it is intermission I just intermission
and I gotta tell you man the camera has
no it just does no justice to this play
if you haven't come to something like
this yeah you got like it is something
take the kids get the kids out of house
this is it's mayhem and it is amazing
live like I've always wanted to come
here but being here in person is
absolutely amazing like it is so fun
that being said what flip did you like I
want to know because everyone loves
fails so did you like my flip where I
landed it best or the flip where I
failed tell me in the comments and I'm
what I want to hear because I feel like
the fails are funny like I don't know
it's sad but true
you're thinking about this give me give
me your tell my viewers what you think
so much respect for them and um the fans
are amazing they're just super excited
and I'm sorry to put it on an amazing
show
and they're going nuts great you guys
are everywhere so much smile more
everywhere
oh so much second half's about the start
I don't know how much I'll film but
wheels my man wheel my man how you
feeling yeah I was scared to death
make sure you get a crest again you're
going to he's going in the door
we'll just head it up heck yeah
okay the triple my battery died exactly
right when he was going for that trick
he did land it thank you guys so much I
do want to say you guys are absolutely
unbelievable
like literally my minds blown you guys
are all so humble and amazing out there
thank you for having us we're honored
thanks for having us thank you guys okay
we are wrapping up the night at Nitro
Circus definitely the coolest show I've
ever been to it is out of control you
have to see yourself I've been saying it
all night Willie thanks for everything
man or as you showed it I only got to
try that because you fought for me so
thank you for that I mean you you
excelled you you proved them wrong and
got it done safely so I'm stoked boom so
the next step is getting Willie to my
house to do something crazy I'm so down
like anything you can think of I don't
know like maybe hit you jump into your
leg just spin the wind see what I can do
how many flip them up so maybe you guys
can help us with the ideas but until
then everybody go show this guy some
love he really pulled off a lot today so
I will link his channel in the top of my
description go over do you have endless
videos that I can just spit I follow you
awesome thank you thank you everyone for
watching hope you still enjoyed yeah
there you go let's go what an incredible
night man it really wasn't the whole day
feels a little surreal a little dreamy
to me I mean this is this is like a
playground for these guys and they're so
good at they don't mess up those guys on
the dirt bikes they don't mess up I know
they're flawless they're just so well
they have to be there's no room for
mistake like a mistake at their level is
his really
I watched you go down nigger a nail a
backflip first time was that was even
possible like did I really do that yeah
you did when I hit my small sword that
my cheek muscles hurt and then I went
for the second one and obviously I ate
it but it was funny
what'd you think of the night man I'm
telling you when you hit that first man
I can't I yelled so loud so dude I was
just moving everybody get out the way
man I was so pumped for you and when the
crowd I don't know if you heard the
crowd the way I heard the crowd I hear
nothing he erupted I was I was so just
genuinely blown away that I did that I
didn't hear it I didn't anything I was
just like did I told out yeah it was oh
no all right guys warping I bet this has
been quite I don't know what I film
today lots of clips today's actually my
battery dying that never happens I can
you remember the last time I was filming
and my vlog camera died like the
batteries last forever thanks for your
support today was unbelievable we all
had a great time we for the bigger
project that I've been telling you guys
about we absolutely change lives today
and it was it was a collaboration with
nitro was a collaboration with Erin
wheels it was just so much happen today
off camera on cameras just all that
aside for every single person who
watches this video
you better smack that thumbs up button
for Romans backflip somehow pulled a
frigging miracle out on that one sorry
for that you know it's funny when we
walked into the venue we all saw the
drop in which by the way even like even
for them riders a lot more like that
this dropping is like our steepest drop
and we don't usually use this Chase was
like I'll give you ten bucks if you do
it
yeah I remember that
bucks okay you got money bro I just
thought you were there with me thank you
guys for everything we'll see you
tomorrow we are out of here so early
5:00 a.m. on a flight and it's all I got
we love you we all love you you're
beautiful you want to become smaller
