yo what's going on out here what are you
doing are you taking all the stickers
from the store I saw it on camera listen
no no no you know got a huge sponsor
who's your sponsor smama listen just
hook me up who proved that oh I get back
to you you know my agent had to call
someone else's agent an agent did you
know I'm just just just the guy rides
the bike so I come out welcome to our
country slapping stickers all over his
bike
do you really like does the sponsorship
require all them stickers or you just
want it on there they did and my agent
called me up and it just I got my
inventory of my my first paycheck and I
put it in the safe and over there was
this is your this is your pay you locked
it okay so if you follow your heart I
won't tell anybody where it's at Oh
hooking it up Jolly Rancher style that's
it what is this what is that this is on
there's exhaust pipes free new bike so
Trax is first of all official welcome to
the vlog guys Traxxas sent us a couple
new toys actually before I go in there
they sent me a whole bunch of new paddle
tires for the pond so we can hide your
plane with the xmax those things are
mean so we got the big boat but they
just came out with new little boats
check it out
I'm gonna totally whoop you boy woof you
ah this is gonna be so perfect look at
that is that the coolest thing whoa what
things a tank feel it it weighs so much
you charge them up race with me oh we
could stand up on the tower and do races
around the fountain and trampoline like
eight figure eights
how fun are these gonna be all right
buddy I got him charging woohoo
yo dude you got it
what's up flash what's up buddy you
gotta hear I can't make this up so I
just get any okay back story really fast
we bought country a new bike if you
missed it that's the bike that he just
slapped all the stickers on right there
country decided be a great idea to wrap
that bike into the pond and pretty much
flooded out but it still works it still
runs you won't believe what I just got
in my email
hey Rowan my name is Alex he'll I don't
know said last name CEO of monster moto
mini bikes that's the company that makes
that bike right there your bike you love
yes I wanted to reach out to you about
your posts this week and how much we
loved seeing all the fun you guys had
with our bike our team cheered when we
saw country ride it out fish it out and
repair it we don't want your family to
miss out on the fun and wanted to send
along to new monster moto bikes for you
we also know because my son is a huge
fan of yours
you love to do giveaways and cool stuff
to your fans so we'd like to send a
couple motor bikes for you guys we're
gonna have to figure this out too
because they're offering to give two
away to you guys who want to put the two
in the pond and just let somebody come
and fish them out oh my gosh the first
the first people to fish and get them oh
you got more bikes to dodge flash more
bikes to dodge monster sleepy
maybe chase should get the other one I
don't know about things you know what
maybe we should put him through the test
and see if he gets his license in here
when I'm getting my license I got boats
the drive with Kane I go do some racing
you got it for sure
Oh voice crack mine's still charging
should just take it anyway look at em
bar you see em bar you're setting in
over here over there watch let's do it
right here uh okay you're on there so
that one's good let me turn the boat on
yeah okay get your remote you ready
let's do it
see you little guy
oh yeah oh yeah
behind the trampoline
look at these boss marks there it is
do a big circle I'm gonna get mine I'm
gonna get my how much juice as though
it's an adventure time see ya yo these
are awesome
whoa I just did like a spin
boss to sponsor me
look pretty cool did you're great at it
man good job are you want some more
camera time is that what it is you're
not getting enough camera time flash huh
how you build a ramp in the water for
our sea boats because they think they
have a drop-down right there and but
clip it would hit it we got to figure
that out
I wouldn't it be back gonna do something
special I wanted to do for a very long
time you got you're gonna love it
so a beautiful day my friends you're
feeling positive hope you're thinking
positive I'm doing something right now
that I have wanted to do well not really
for a long time but since Korra was born
I have tattoos of Britney Noah and Kane
have an entire chest piece on and I have
had a tattoo for a very long time
actually the last tattoo I got was
probably my boys right here Cain Cain on
this side and no on this side and years
and years ago before I ever knew I was
gonna have another kid I have an empty
star basically inside each one of these
stars is a letter for Noah Kane and
Britney and I said if I ever have
another kid I have one extra star I'm
gonna put my kids initial right there I
love you boy I still think about you
every single day
come on country you already know what's
gonna happen you already know it's gonna
happen
prepare to stay back here stupid
country's driving up with me we have to
go to different places afterwards so we
drove separate he knows he's gonna lose
me if it tries anything we know we've
taken this to the trap and welcome to
Ohio know what's going on with the
weather man well at least we got a free
car wash book the cars look good
let's with my voice is cracking all day
if you're like I feel like a real boy
real grown a real grown boy today
alright guys this is where I've gotten
all my tattoos my sleeves my chest my
stomach everything what's you got long
hair now no you look good
so Mike shutting like this that was last
that was the lot that's a long time ago
was I was blogging I was I'm vlogging
two or three I don't know I think I was
blogging I was did see definitely wasn't
like you've put you put some hours on
this guy all right you got my piece you
guys are gonna be so shy I know oh that
is awesome
here you go around that corner just go
around the corner he's gonna apply what
where it's gonna be and then I'll show
you okay so um me and Mike kind of set
this idea up that I would get Cora to
see that like paint he's gonna put it on
my on my face I'm gonna convince country
that I really want this tattoo and I
just want to see what he says you think
he's gonna whack me alright he's about
to apply I just want I want to get your
opinion like an actual like I want you
to see it as if my viewer seat for the
first time all right yeah yeah just
chill for one second I won't make you
wait what if I end up really liking it
then we'll just do it just send a
picture of Britney to you want you my
god
yeah come here so much thing what do you
think nothing what they like it or not
you've got nothing he's not even
speaking to me it won't
is that what you would get it like this
is my baby girl you don't want her to
like always remember that I got her on
Tatooine oh-oh-oh I'm with you with the
baby girl just like not the race father
what no it's it's it's the rice bye I
don't know if it's the right spot you
know like I don't Lois just taking it in
right now I feel like I feel like when
chorus 18 years old should be like dad
thanks for getting that tattoo like I
love it I love it yeah thank you
I've never seen you this blank like you
saw a ghost
hi I'm feeling confident I need you fire
off them needles and you just go for it
what do you think Britt's gonna say here
does any um um um loss I just I didn't
think he was gonna I'm honestly I just
having a raise in my hand like you just
thought about this idea why were you
driving up late no I mean I talked to
the money I thought I talked to Mike
about this like he had time to draw it
up and everything like this is customer
uh 2017 stuff right Oh for a while that
like makes your heart beat
just kidding about the drill it well you
stand back so far dude I'm in support me
for my hands yeah hurt yes we look like
you about to call my mom call Brittany
call my dad
we all got tattoos I mean you got that
you could get oh we could do one for him
like maybe match like on the Sun you can
match it up dude are you serious right
now just talk you don't think I should
do this talk about it I knew he's gonna
stop me no twisting right now this isn't
me I can't pull it off just say yes I be
on both no and no is that you like you
I'm gonna be honest if you know how did
you just say it so I just stick with the
C for now on my wrist I knew you would
step in last second I even told Mike
he's never gonna let this happen I was
like having my dad here so you wasn't
planning on get in it no I was planning
on getting it you just talking out of it
dude I'm kidding play with it I don't
think Mike what I don't think Mike would
have let me get that I liked the drawing
just stop there for real I came here to
get my letter C that's it I had to do
that first of all second I do think core
needs more than just the letter C
eventually like we got a plan something
nice for Cora because I got the big
chess piece for my boys I need that I
need that your voice was like literally
that nervous
like to get big go see what Britt has to
say I think I don't know spice sleeping
right now it's baby hey what you don't
like it it's done what do you mean
there's no what seen it okay
alright now she just put me to the test
no way I would do it hi baby girl
alright you're right I can't fool you
country fell for it
I told country like we didn't tell
country so he just thinks that I was
about to get this alright she said hi
Mike
alright a real no my c is about to go in
for baby Cora we got beef a Brit in for
Noah K for Cain
doesn't even can't even feel it can you
feel it
boom 30 second tattoo woo
the long-awaited sea is now on me I'm a
poet didn't know it that was legit I
think 30 seconds dude like 30 second
tattoo done maybe I'll leave this on
like go to my parents house I don't know
no let's wash it off before I fall in
love with it you want it thank you Mike
you're the man if anybody needs a tat
boom look it up don't start carrying
defibrillators with me cuz I might give
him a heart attack
oh this is crazy right now time is so
evil time why why do I fight you all dem
sure you guys can read nine nine when I
was younger maybe if you're young you
don't time didn't go this fast for me
when I was young I swear my parents
always said times just gonna speed up a
little good how's that gonna work still
24 hours in a day no matter what mom
no dude I'm telling you my days are so
peppy like daisies blending the
everything's blur together now flip
parents you know what I'm talking about
kids like enjoy it I swear like
everybody told me to enjoy how you gonna
enjoy like you just do what you do I
understand but I'm telling you man time
is so mean to me right now always racing
the clock like it's crazy not enough
time I gotta get home check on the
family I have multiple phone call
meetings we'll skip past those maybe I
would film that but yeah let's go home
and check on the fam
that's my little man how's my little man
hey you listening I missed you so much
you see what I did look sure ya like it
it's pretty cool it's now we got the
whole Britney Noah caning whore already
got yours on there a long time we got a
little man she's awake
that's such a good day guys thanks for
being here where you're gonna probably
go do our thing
get Korra to sleep sleep and then I
don't think I did a proper wear out job
on my boy today did I we need to we need
to wrestle or something
love you guys thanks for being here with
us for absolutely everything we will see
you tomorrow
yeah just beat me on beat daddy up take
it out on daddy we love you guys so much
thank you for being here we will see you
tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind
you
