was it she liked was the inch or cheesy
enough you think we get I don't know if
it was cheesy enough well welcome to the
vlog guys welcome well you did not look
like you were ready for me to start this
vlog like I caught you I caught you not
being ready oh we've been sitting here
and I literally I just honest to god I
just said I haven't filmed anything
today and so we said already
spot on Harry her ears are Oh on little
Harry Cora ears she's all nice and clean
yes no we all decided as a family let's
just grab the camera just pick it up hit
record and that's where we're at welcome
to the vlog so since you want a YouTube
channel so bad what why don't you just
take over this channel for like I don't
know maybe a week while we go where you
want to go this is the Cisco okay we're
gonna we're gonna be in Aruba alright so
call st. Lucia so you'll just run this
channel film edit take do we how does
this work okay so here you go take
you're gonna need you're gonna need this
hand to hold this okay there you go and
we'll see you guys I know about a week
okay so you're gonna hold it Kay cane
just you and me for a week what are we
gonna do how many popsicles do you think
you guys would go through if you had a
week with no parents how many popsicles
obviously me not a lot no how long does
donkey sit like this how long does he
sell look look at this he will just sit
stand like that one leg on the bottom
one leg on top four I swear he's done it
four hours
let's go interview like let's go ask him
why he does this donkey we need you I
know you're flying talking donkey I need
hey flash hey hey buddy you got some
answers for me I need I need some
answers what's with
half on half off that porch dance you
can't give him all the love you gotta
give me love to look at that it's like
he wants to fly or something like he
just wants to a little zoo zoo like who
has a donkey just chillin at their house
all the time like not even if you have a
dog he's probably in your yard right
like people don't yeah it's probably in
your yard ours is like lives in our
garage it hangs out on the porch what
you thinking he truly has become a part
of the family he's just a family member
and he just hangs out with us wherever
we go whatever we do okay you think we
can get him a car seat so we can ride
maybe in the middle all right we'll be
back we'll be back I'll see you soon
movie night you sure you guys can handle
a movie you might - seriously we're all
so tired
morfs all right baby girl be right back
Danny loves you not sure if I've showed
you guys this but I have so many pair of
these converse Brittany just pointed out
these are two different pairs and I've
always always have two different pairs
on because I have so many just in a box
and I just grab ones look this one has a
tag this one doesn't tell you look at
the difference in shoestrings totally
different shoes today's tekzilla for
girl hasn't been out for a long time I
think he's been out longer than Godzilla
it is so guys look at the dirt look at
the dirt it's bad since we got Korra
like leaving the house left anyway it's
crazy I don't think I've left the house
since the flood since I went out film
the flooding is the last time I left
Wow how many days was that what's
happening
by donkey by Ambar this is grazing on
these hills it is absolutely gorgeous
beautiful hope you're having an awesome
day it is they say knee-high by July is
corn right you ever heard that knee-high
by July it's like past my head dude I
want to like pull over to show you guys
how tall this point is me and I for July
I don't know but I've heard that all my
life and this crab is so tall it's like
13 foot there's a aircraft soutache I
pulled over right there look at that oh
my gosh
dude I love you I'm nine foot tall with
my arms up that's like 13 feet or
something like that is okay so I know
you have like a bunch of spots where it
where is it that you want to sleep
tonight like what's what's as a
cornfield is that normal for you oh it's
no wind actually that does make sense
already okay so 100% that's where you
want to go cuz I'll take you the best
one I'm gonna find you a real spot real
nice spot no wind if you don't want to
win on occasion yeah so like yeah that's
the spot that's where you want to be all
right man well I don't think there's
gonna be rain so you're good I love you
be safe I love you find a good spot make
sure there's no deer like scare
everything away what she gave a knife or
something you haven't any weapons that
he's gone what is your biggest challenge
in life what is it right now currently
what's your biggest challenge mine my
biggest challenge hands down for me is
not having Noah all the time that's the
truth this is my heart is my biggest
challenge right now is just have to not
have my kid every day it's difficult
it's the thing that causes me the most
like that's that's my bit what did what
is yours if sometimes it helps to just
talk about it like everybody like every
single person watching you you have
something going on right now that you're
like we all have it and that's life is
this it is life and actually these
things make us stronger they make us
better they teach us lessons like I
definitely embrace your problems
definitely take them on challenge I'm
like without problems like are you
really gonna ever appreciate anything
that's what teaches you to appreciate
what we have let's team up like let's
buddy up like there's no reason we have
to do this on our own like we're a team
like why not we're all stuck here
together on this planet let's work
together man help each other up pick
each other up when we're down so yeah
that's my little vent for today I'm
gonna go home and you know
all right guys can anybody guess what
this is it came today and I plan to get
it all out and get it ready and set up
but it just didn't work out since
today's not the day for this I promise
you that when we get that try to guess
what it is if you can figure this out I
promise when we do it is going to be
insane like what fits what is that what
it just looks like nothing we clean no
smoky smells good no cuz I just did the
full dry and he did the whole he's got
two towels
that's all dry it is isn't it really
really weird that we all start this way
all of us you me they all start like
this me even you blow in your diaper off
going down to the basement always
reminds me a home alone do that scene in
the basement always stuck with me so we
have a whole bunch Britney wants to see
all of our baby pictures to see how much
they look like Cora
you know see like jeans baby pictures
and Brits and mines and Noah's all of
our baby pictures to see how much it
resembles a new baby girl Cora this book
just sitting here right here I think we
actually showed you guys this oh look my
life Britney it's like Kane with long
hair that's came with the mullet dude I
just hit my back on this light bulb and
it broke open I had no idea there was
that much stuff in a light bulb that's a
freaking light Bob dude say like bomb I
never seen anything like at my life this
is you yeah wow I can totally see pora
can you like this picture wait we need a
picture for us well can we know where
Cora got her cheeks look that's mommy
you know baby it's big baby okay there's
mommy
there's Britt that's Cora totally see
there is look at the nose
it says pushed up right there look at
yours pushed up little button this is
Britt one year old it'll be so fun to
see Cora one year now she has you still
have no hair at one years I know like
this is one years old it must been
obviously your birthday the resemblance
is insane I mean it's literally you guys
are little twins mm-hmm which is a great
thing like totally a great thing you're
way better looking than me I would
rather a girl look like you show the
viewers you got style for days girl
really yeah look how old do you think
mommy is there a pretty wide age gap in
this one it's so fun going through like
all we have is a handful of photos and I
have a few photos when I was born or and
cane and our kids we're gonna have all
these videos like imagine how long it
would even take to watch from start to
finish how long would it take there's a
math if you added up the time of every
video even if you wanted to sit down and
watch your life right now cane it would
take you days in days and days and days
to watch all the footage how do I find
out how long our entire series is on
this channel Wow guys that's it for
today forgive us we're gonna hang out
we're gonna watch a little movie Cora
just passed out I think we're gonna uh
no so lucky love you guys so much
where's yeah she's passing out her hair
is getting lighter she's gonna be a
little blonde like our other before we
love you guys so much thanks for hanging
out and
you know today is what it is just thanks
for being here thank you I keep saying
it and I mean it from the bottom of my
heart I love you you're beautiful you're
one of a kind smile more
you
