then then then dun dun dun dun she is
out I'm waking her up
daddy's a loudmouth stretch stretch
stretch you have to guard her with your
life hey guys welcome to the vlog
sneaking outside for me baby hey buddy
oh I was fell you see the intro today
with Empire was under the port he was
under that porch I think that's the
first shot I really had of him under the
porch this is first time you've been in
your office since baby overdue bills so
I got your text camo hats all right she
texts me she's like Kim oh honey we got
to get on the right where they at what's
that this that's our whole that's that's
our whole collection one two three four
five hats six hats we have more yeah and
we haven't showed these yet even he's
not even on the site right we need to
get these on the website don't do that
today I have no idea what you're talking
about I don't know what you're talking
about what is it something goes on all
for your house or your car or yeah so
when's that happen why we haven't showed
you guys maybe I put these on the site
today so by the time you're watching uh
basically um all our smile more lanyards
all the colors yellow check these out
okay check these guys out red yellow
purple blue I don't know what this is
it's like dark paint off red what is
that what color is that Britt what color
is that Veronica said magenta we don't
know we don't know but they're in stock
now guys are
yours are in stock Brittany had a great
idea with the key maybe we make those
later just blank keys so you can take
them and have your house key or
something mates mom or just awesome
yeah no serious talk now that you're in
my office your office well the reason I
brought you in here we really have to
talk I don't know if I've told you this
today so Kimmel hats and lanyards are
back in stock you guys been waiting on
Kimmel hats forever and they've been out
of stock I wear them every single bit
literally we did redo him we okay here's
the store on the camera house we
discontinued them because we redid them
completely and how many did we order we
have thousands and thousands and
thousands of them we don't like them
we're not selling them we're literally
stuck with all these bad hats so we re
releasing these ones the ones that we
love I don't know what to do with all
bad it's like seriously maybe we should
just do like a huge give a like give
them why not maybe like a charity event
or something yeah I don't know but the
good news camo are back this exact house
back in stock is it this yes it is this
insectoid into everybody that has ever
supported smaller thank you so much this
is such a fun company to have such a
movement such a positive thing and
people get emails tweets every single
day hey I've worn my shirt today I got
so many compliments I wore my hat so
many commas it's a real message people
love it and we're glad that you guys
support it you're excited I've never
I've never done have you done this you
were okay I think it's six saltines in a
minute right
is it six I feel like you should look
this up I'm gonna get up real fast
I don't know okay my buddy Pete's doing
nine crackers nine how long has he got
or he's just seeing how fast you can do
nine Oh Mike Pete chew your food chew
your food Pete now you got six you got
six come on you got to get in on this
you got six no cheating like I can
already talk excited you're you're gonna
cheat
for me so yeah you got six six there's
enough yeah you're gonna be our time or
one minute okay all right ready I'm
doing five seconds - we've had way over
yeah I did she lost her mind over there
okay that's a super old challenge that
nope I just have never done it and all
day you need to clean that up harder
that look that is so dry it just sucks
all the moisture out of your body your
whole body alright so this side of the
yard I'll see yous out here but you had
that face like you knew I was coming up
on you
you know Mon let's sit Oh Deborah was
one to break in upon we keep getting
these crazy storms chases here storms
keep bringing all this friggin mud and
destruction I got to get all this grass
planted and filtered and that comes this
week so it's come along did you take all
the candy out of your pockets
I'm gonna check for candy bro
Oh would you rate that
that's a jackknife will you rate the
jackknife I'll give them a 6.5 I mean is
there anything do we gotta get cut you
got to do the Saltine challenge we did
so have you ever done that it's six
saltines you take six saltine crackers
you have one minute to eat them
sounds easy right only six piece of cake
right it's impossible not for me
maybe you could do it maybe I don't know
are you gonna get in today huh you
talking all this smack every day you not
been in this pond yet and you want you
can donkey swell oh I don't know if it
the Kent know I think you just said no
can you can't swim all right we're gonna
rig up this ramp cam wants to do some
jumps you can do a backflip day you
gonna teach me how to do it I want
revenge on the backfoot you guys see I
didn't do the epic faceplant you all
know how I landed I want revenge I want
to land on my wheels that's the goal and
then maybe one day I'll take it to dirt
maybe maybe you should
I will it's a goal of mine worse that
can happen it's just I just I don't know
except I had tears coming out of my eyes
to put this one on the rap
that's 120 slow mouth put it right at
the ramp so you can see it passed by the
top of perfect you pass buddy and then
we'll shoot across the Pampas buttery
silky juicy piece of meat so we gotta do
right now is play Brit by the way Brit
and Cora are sleeping so that's usually
when you're gonna see us all outside
it's like mommy time nap time baby time
nap time let's do this let's do a couple
jumps let's make it fun let's keep it
safe let's try backflip I haven't never
tried one off this ramp this is a it's a
lot steeper than that little one so I
feel confident that I can rotate it's
just the landing I go blurry because I'm
not I'm not acclimated to the spinning
you know
yes okay first step backflip attempt
ever on that ramp and I was right there
I mean I was almost perfect I think I
don't remember everything everything is
way round
oh man I almost feel like I'm ready for
dirt it's like a few like 100 more tries
I'm going to dirt good idea I think you
definitely could do it I'm serious that
last jump you did you did it perfect it
felt right like I'm starting to see the
ground too and that's what that's what I
need to get to is where I see the ground
and you can focus on your land well you
know I get is that is that a zero on the
scoreboard oh you want your dog
oh hello Beautiful's I got my two girls
oh she's still asleep
no she just she just ate well she's got
that food that food Carla
I don't know it was a smile so many
faces I woke up early from our nap and I
did one way corrupt so just laying there
and she just moved so cute and then just
Bart's my baby girl you never get her
back now oh I'm so happy right now man
this is true happiness right here
just she starts screaming and um I get a
little weird all right guys
warping ahead a little bit tonight thank
you so much for hanging out with this
today that's all it's all I have today
we're jumping ahead working with baby
Britney's in there we're gonna try to
get her to sleep and just finish up our
night I feel like I totally totally have
the back flip now give me something man
that is something I've always dreamed
about doing not only just ramping a bike
in the water that's always been
something I wanted to do this whole
thing out here it's all things like a
childhood dream line so we basically
built everything I've wanted to do and
it's it's still in the works there's so
much coming and I'm so excited even for
tomorrow's vlog I'm so excited for
tomorrow's vlog so thanks for sticking
around guys especially through you know
the adjustment we're making adjustments
for little baby Cora all good things all
good problems I just know there's a
million youtubers that you could watch
and you do choose to watch us and just
from the bottom of my heart from our
family to yours thank you so much for
that it just means the world we'll see
you tomorrow it feels so good to be
vlogging again we're on three days baby
three is this three there's this two am
i jumping the gun here love you guys so
much you're beautiful you were
absolutely one of a kind smile more
you
