hello hello hello
well she is out see ya guys welcome to
the vlog first of all thank you for your
patience giving us some time to adjust
our schedule is crazy Bert's up all
night then she sleeps most of the day
and then I sleep at night she's up I'm
up during the dates and then really
backwards but she is she's doing great
mommy's doing great how you feeling like
finally it's finally just baby time I
love it
it feels good to be back it feels great
to be talking to you guys I my my tone
is different because I had to be quiet
this is what I've been looking at for
we're on day four tonight is day four
she's she's four days old already wow
she looks like she partied all night
and she's just not anyway guys we are
coming back as I'm now to YouTube maybe
it's too soon maybe not I feel good I
think we're slowly adjusting but we've
really just been enjoying this moment
this time I know it's probably it's hard
for me to explain it but it is a moment
it is something that you just take in
you enjoy it's a different time of your
life where you get to just connect with
your baby have a very fun day lined up
for you guys in us today with somebody
was Anna what up nerds scuba divers
Denton dun dun dun dun no the real jaws
is who him bad guy is the real Jose yeah
scary dude yes we're kind of getting
things ready today I have to save the
plastic play balls destroyed our pool I
mean it looks ten times better now but
Jake what's up buddy
so what's going on man what's going on I
didn't put windscreens on this camera
yet it's kind of windy it's gonna be no
but I'm pretty sure
nao-san pumps are supposed to last for a
whole season right you shouldn't have to
change this media but we ran the pool
balls put so much out in this woman a
ball came through the filter
I think it's clogged so we're gonna swap
out the sand long story short off and on
for the last two days we've been trying
to clean this poor I mean it was bad we
removed all the balls and it was just
green but I feel like there's so much
that I have to update you guys on
there's been so much going on they're
still working we're actually today
they're running all the power for the
the big project
look how ridiculous this is a trench
here look at that does that not look
like something you just want to play
with and it just cuts these perfect
grooves through the earth so yeah
they're running all the electric for all
our pumps for the lake and it's running
through all these pipes and it's just
crazy and then we have this professional
zipline company coming out this week to
run and basically build this zipline
system that's going to be all safe and a
probe or like it's a proper zipline it's
not like which is totally out of my
league that's just gonna tie a rope and
winch it down and roll it Frost it but
we want it to be real right here where
this test stands is the start to our
10-foot drop in Tower for our BMX dock
so basically what you have me will be a
drop in tower that you'll drop in you'll
come down come across this dock and then
they'll be big BMX ramps right here
skateboard ramps rollerblades scooters
couches with wheels on them anything we
can pretty much put them in solid this
place isn't completely ready to go yet
we are going to use it today we were
gonna test this thing out frog just
jumped in there we are gonna break this
place in today so you gotta happen like
it just looks too fun I got to I got I
got I got it okay everybody's about to
get here you're gonna take a nap okay
we're gonna try to be quiet for you we
got to take these down the night to just
cover our walls and calm down okay I'll
see you soon I love you get some sleep
trailer what is this
glad to be here man this is what a rig
oh my god house travels good man
everything's awesome yeah I got some fun
hopefully for us too so Adams here guys
with his life in this trailer is so mad
you said you've never driven one of
these til you bought it no dude we got
out of two days later left oh my I would
definitely not do good with this oh my
gosh that's amazing
bus gonna go check it out it's like the
Lightning McQueen trailer dude oh my
gosh you have this still on there yeah
not a whole lot of use for this guy
around here we can test that yeah we can
test it stay away from the water Adam
you trust them you trust them on that
okay so the first thing we're gonna do
is build a little I guess this would be
a redneck runway red red and redneck
runway this is nice this is actually a
nice runway it's really hot okay we've
built the runway it's phenomenal I mean
best runway ever been at my house for
sure yeah so help me explain what
exactly we're gonna do we're gonna do a
challenge all right this is a challenge
I call it horse like playing basketball
you shoot then you would have to match
my shot where you get a letter in vmx we
just called a game of bike so I do a
trick Roman has to match the trick if he
doesn't get it he gets a beat and then
vice versa then we switch he sets a
trick for me if I don't get it I don't
get it Wow Wow I references every video
can you put keep with that cliff
interview 316 off the roof oh yeah is
that is that really one of the first
things you saw no I think it was just
like the the thing was like oh wow he
like really knows how to ride
empire
he's so goofy luckily for us
I've already rigged up a bike dude look
at that you've got the water bottles
it's floats it's like it's creative
yeah well it works it does it's like
it's like a boat this is a really nice
bike the water bottles were a cool idea
and I'm really curious to see if they
flow but I got him something a little
bit better that'll make a bike look nice
and hopefully make it flow up better so
we can just saw slice these open and
they're just kind of put them over the
frame and tape them and it should
hopefully that'll look better and just
be cooler I wonder if it'll actually
poke it's not gonna flow better than my
bottle like I'm telling you look at that
that's rigging all right so we into a
little a rig job here for some dude this
will look so cool - yeah I hate to see
you go little bottles they've been good
to us they have
oh you know this is thinking well I have
like all this crazy colored duct tape oh
yeah how do we go with that
but what is with you an orange let's do
it hello
well I've got dude look at the yellow
good alright so I'm gonna I'm gonna trim
like a little bit excess around here so
it doesn't interfere with the bridge oh
that looks nice right gonna help me oh
yeah yeah that's the one thing they like
I'm gonna take my teeth out I got to
worry about my teeth on the front
handlebar at least show the two bar here
or one solid or two or one solid what do
you mean - yellow yellow or one yellow
this is art if you're gonna do it I
would make sure you go all the way
around what it asked to itself yeah you
sound like fat whole noodles - I guess
that's a that's a level one floater
right there
okay so we're out here Adam brought pool
noodles so we're building like this I
don't know crazy pawn bike dude it looks
great looks great talking about your
haircut it looks great
I got a kind oh hi oh did you like all
older gentleman's I him out of
place he did a great job
see ya you can do whatever you want this
bike you can put them there you can put
them there but whoa
is this right there boom dude great job
oh my god I was skeptical at first I was
like Adam can't build a better Pawnee
bike than me but this no this looks nice
carrying a little bit too much about
this ya know it's too nice your country
would want to be a part of this today
country yo dude you what you wanna come
we're doing like a water challenge you
could do it too you'll come out here
it's hot man I got you AC at least he's
some AC in this office if cooler and
cooler and the donkey barn okay so we're
doing a water challenge all right so
it's gonna be you want to get in well
what is the challenge we're doing it's
up like like bike like we're ramping
bikes so you talking
have you ever had the bike into the
water no but the question is well one
I'm gonna start working on my bike what
bike the red bike you know
the fast life fast by well the fact the
bike don't move nowhere but we like to
get it yo we might be able to get it two
more things we need two more things on
their lap well that's it looks good on
there thanks dude
mine's gonna be tough cuz it's a die cut
what does that mean like it's the one
where you like oh yeah those are cool
I'm have to up my game is what you're
saying
yeah it's a little bit oh those are cool
dude I like this Thanks
we got a dinosaur have you met the
dinosaur Empire Roman zone welcome to
the only complaint from neighbours is
just a donkey
ready what are you doing out there yes
alright Adam let's get let's get down to
business you're gonna pick the trick
first okay start small phones I'm a baby
biker can we can we do checks in on
actual tricks absolutely
I think the funny I think that's mostly
what I'm gonna be doing it's like things
you've never seen this I feel like
accidents the first one should
absolutely be just jumping off and just
like like oh a bail yeah like a bail
like the best bail exactly okay so we
are we are gonna start with the small
ramp and then probably work our way up
to this guy's definitely steeper and I
don't know we probably gotta flip off
that oh yeah easy for you he's trying to
bar Jolly Ranchers come on you're not
know you can't have candy you can't can
instead what are you giving him okay so
it's it's one two three shoe okay I'm
gonna pick rock alright I go first
I'm gonna pick the trick you want really
do a bail first no this is your trick
you pick the trick pick the tray alright
alright
I run the I won the rock paper scissors
challenge so I go first I really don't
know what I'm gonna do it I'm just gonna
just wing it
I think it's safe to say that uh I
didn't land my trick landing its water
yeah but I could have landed on my
wheels well that was it so you're gonna
try it yeah you landed let's see it
Adams up he's got a match whatever I did
I have no idea what I did he's getting a
lot more speed than I did he's going for
it yeah
going for that 540 yes you did dude that
was sweet you did like almost like a
complete 540 if not more I I'm just
gonna say maybe that's a warm-up I want
to do the thing where you got to jump
and then like eject over the bike okay
like you can try to dive if you love
this so you got a run from the bike
Indiana jones-style
yeah I do this what's your trick you do
whatever you want so who got to be on
that I feel like I didn't do the right -
shut up what yes you did a better kind
of messed up yeah it was it was a warm
up yeah let's just we took one how about
we both have a B all right here he goes
star little runway oh dude that was
amazing
I have to try that flip I don't even
know I don't even understand what you
just did
I was pretty clean that was like a live
fell tried all right man stiff
competition out here oh it's my trick
yeah okay I'm gonna go for I like how
you just came up with something I've
never done
what about it's like a solid nothing
that just I'm gonna land on your wheels
like you would on the ground so you're
gonna like do nothing and then get back
on the bike
yes that's sketchy because if you miss
dude I'll try okay
my feet would like barely off of him
back you know when I said I was gonna
doing nothing I was gonna do nothing
yeah so that's the trick there's the
trick right there I didn't I failed I
failed on that one what's your trick
this you really you're gonna really toss
a backflip okay I feel like you can do
it man I just seen you front flip over
the bar so okay but that was yes I will
try anything I'll backflip know what
this I feel more comfortable trying
that's like my head's gonna be in the
mhm
yo he lands this backflip what's he got
what's he got
oh my god well that was beautiful that
was beautiful
thank you you see the game starts out
all innocent and then you jump oh this
is where I lose you saw me maybe I give
it my all
I saw you are you feeling oh how's baby
good nanos got her nice okay I've lost
track but let's just say I'm losing I'm
gonna set the trick and this is just big
air alright biggest height
Oh
okay that was fun I definitely I feel
like I feel like we lost track of
everything so you out there gentlemen
boy so you going off that you love it
it's so fun
so they'll brought me all this rope
hundreds of feet of rope thinking like
hot dog would you say hehe we got the
hot dog we got a four-wheeler so what if
we put the hot dog on one end and in a
four-wheeler on one end and then we
tried the four-wheeler it only sounds
right hmm looks foolproof what could go
wrong with that
hundreds put a rope I said he just toss
it
you ready flash you remember last time
we rode the hot dog you remember what
happened last time yeah you and me ate
it you think it's gonna work that's
there is a tedious process getting the
rope to the other side you got this
chase my predictions the whole ramps
going in the water there's so much front
weight on that raft it's gonna push
anything in front of it forward never
really know what's gonna happen here but
my predictions I'm gonna stick with them
the ramps going in the water it's gonna
go to the bottom of the sea and we're
never gonna see it again all right test
number one and inverse me I'm gonna do
it kind of a medium all he's gonna come
in a point honestly the ropes gonna be
pulling it forward so if you're on the
if you're on the back half there's no
way you're gonna nosedive it's just no
way nose nose way he's gonna notice that
all right here we go how to sit
right all right that one was great
pretty simple just smooth sales so Adam
wants to add a little bit of rope and go
off the ramp down here this is what I
love Adam do because I feel like he's
got worse maybe maybe even worse ideas
than I do and mine are pretty bad
worse that worse that's the best way to
get back to shore right there a little
Tomi in round three here we go
all of them
you think you did it yes he was like hey
when you take off the rabbit just lurch
board he's got a hold on everything
everything I thought of everything that
I've been doing is finally starting to
come around look at this this is exactly
what I wanted this for just play fun
family
all right so that went like you said
earlier surprisingly too good yeah I
know that's all like there was no I mean
there was fails like me my next tip that
little clip I thought we should ramp out
because I thought that maybe I'd miss
the rain for it in badly but it just
went smooth you killed it on the hot dog
by the way good job hot dog you jumped
off the tower you guys are crazy you
watch my videos minecraft videos afraid
oh the girls have been in here making
all this food I'm ready bro well you
know this looks so good I can eat this
whole place my know your samba yeah you
got
yup that's sunburn and you feeling
little man your phone in that pond Oh
baby girls knocked out no she does look
like you and you're a baby boy so you
guys saw earlier in today's vlog Adam
brought his car and we want to do
something with this car so maybe if we
actually he said if you move all your
cars in your driveway I can do donuts in
your driveway so we're gonna see if we
can do donuts yeah my driveway oh boy
oh this has got you know how you were
saying and it like everything went to
good today
Oh Venus logo
his trailers nuts
I got everything we've done today why
not do a little drifting in my driveway
you know listen it's an honor I just
want to say I don't know how long it's
gonna take you to get the black marks
off my driveway but you have all night
so
you know all night only to make black
mark hey you're good do your thing all
the kids are in so you're good
let me check on the animals
dude oh you made the little girl cry you
made the little girl cross not bad it's
minimal that's minimal every kid ran
except Noah no they're coming back out
they're coming back out he's gonna go
around chase with my big cam and
hopefully we get some coffee
he's good you don't want to help
oh dude you mess my grass up bro
you mess my grass I was filming some
people with it some people would've
stayed out of Toronto I got off
so uh Cain Noah Carson give you guys
four bucks clean all them tire marks off
to be a lot worse it's not too bad
this sides black all right man
absolute fantastic day like I had a
blast thank you guys for being here I
made your trail everything's beautiful
on everything she's doing good she's
doing thanks for the bike we're gonna
have fun with that all right
see you guys on the other side safe
travel see you soon
I wanted to do this so bad last night by
the time we finished Britney and baby
where else we continued this in the
current day because we finally have our
baby girl's name and it's kind of a
funny story about how we got it and why
we now are picking it so we're gonna
start with we're on limited time right
now she's ready to either sleep okay so
we picked this name we had it for like
two months we were both agreed that
that's like a contender yeah didn't like
say this is her name but we were like we
both like the name right that's where it
started and then it started to grow on
us and grow on us and we had all these
other names and they kind of fell
through she think you better feed me
give me the food so after this name
started growing on us for so much.we we
had her and then like time was ticking
like we only have so many days before
you have to name your baby
so we both settled on one name and then
after we settled Britney googled the
name and this is the part that got crazy
you want to read it yeah oh when I
looked it up like we're originated from
it was the daughter of Zeus which is
crazy because we did not we did not know
that when we picked the name oh and it's
your great grandmother's name which we
just found out today as we're vlogging
this okay so you want me to tell them
the name yeah her name okay guys her
official name is Cora Co are a CRA and
for the last couple days I've been
asking if she wants to be named Cora and
she gives me these little smiles
so it's Cora she's like I don't really
care what you call me at this point
yep that's the hungry face right there
so guys we have just fallen in love with
Cora the name kind of I mean is the name
we liked way back when and it just
slowly grown on us and all the other
names we like to kind of just fade it
away
so we really feel it fish in the fact
that she googled it like day before
yesterday after we picked and it said
was the daughter of Zeus that blew our
minds and they're like it's Korah we're
going with Korra thank you guys so much
for hanging out today I think this is a
pretty fun vlog and we love you guys so
much thank you for everything you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more and also thanks for thirteen
million subscribers
you
