are we really doing this like is this
actually happening and driving it's day
10 like we're actually doing hands I
want a show of hands in the comments the
like bar whatever you want to do how
many of you assume that I was done we
were done no more I didn't I didn't
think you'd ever go back I'm gonna be
I've been very real last 10 vlogs last
nine blocks I actually told fam I told
everybody I'll never do it again I will
never do it again
I don't know if it was the big break
that I took her what but I've never been
more motivated I've never felt better
filming it's been a blast like I've just
enjoyed it
maybe it's getting rid of the pressure
maybe it's just doing what I want me I
don't know but I'm happy to be here I'm
so good it's fun not a good time in the
memories we've already caught in the
last 9 days
ridiculous last wearing that suit
yesterday ridiculous I laugh every time
I see it
all the little Korra moments the
birthday if I didn't daily won we would
already miss two birthdays crazy
so kings in school Noah's in school and
course sleeping so no kids
Britney made her own first cooking video
with this crazy rainbow cake and I
thought I could show you guys how to
make a pot it's a pumpkin pie today as
my sister did that video wait really
yeah but actually you get a sweet pie to
make it from well first thing we need
some pumpkins these are perfect like
that and fillings are you serious now
you say that it's actually throwing me
off big time
that's perfect yep all right
got some pumpkins going on not sure how
many you need to make a pie but don't
say that don't you ever say thank you do
you guys think Brittany and I have
actually talked about this part ever
like a long time a year at least so
strange we switched because I have to
get it's weird at this time I have to
post yesterday's vlog on the move so to
do that I do it from my phone so we
switched so she'd drive and I could post
and I really did a sort
he's like wait you ride with the trailer
like wait so wait sure there's Britney
and I've had this idea where we would
camp out in our car like all night her
and I'm like a romantic getaway in a
club that's it all night but like we
have we have the big SUV so it's like we
could lay the seats
it would be nice I can be comfortable
get a like a little heater our laptop
for some movies and like and then we
obviously we would vlog like our
experience all night like come the woods
gonna be creative we wanna watch a
horror movie in the woods all night oh
my god like what would be the best like
outdoor woodsy horror movie and then we
vlog dude I would be so scared I don't
do good before in the future if we make
that vlog and we end it with us going to
bed it's a lie I guarantee we dream I
like comedy and action all right all
right we got our pumpkins we got our
cutting tools our scooping tools you got
it
like you said you got to take the guts
out of the pumpkins the fastest way to
do that's to cut the top you show me cuz
I need a demonstration I think you've
done it funny time I mean like this
right yep chunks a turkey it should work
good oh it does good calling a nice
you're welcome oh there's a soft alright
pop the top whoa
yeah doesn't things like pumpkin pie no
you got a scoop all that out it's so
slimy
you have to scoop it out yeah but I mean
cuz you need the guts right for what for
the pie no this isn't even the right
pumpkin for pumpkin pie there's there's
not some types of pumpkin pudding
talking about are you serious
sugar pumpkin sugar pumpkin is what you
make a pumpkin pie love let's okay let's
say you're doing pumpkin carving right
you have yeah yeah cuz you want to put a
candle or something in there that lights
up what are you doing you're just plans
you're just playing with it what else is
there to do that's yours oh my that's
adorable
you make one yeah you know hey so six
dollars it's fine it's one was rotten
it's still good dude all right guys I
have a confession to make I didn't come
here to make pumpkin pie I didn't I'm
sorry I lied to everybody I came here to
show you how I carve this is all too
slow it's too tedious it's too wet it's
too sticky it's it's it's too goopy what
do you got a better what is better than
this I'm glad you I'm sorry we're not
making pumpkin pie I know that it's your
favorite pie now shot Brian yeah my shot
joy chase oh my shot
I am you know for tonight's popular game
you know what's your favorite weapons on
port Knight is that the heavy sniper is
it the Cypress scar scar unsuppressed
is it the deagle I brought some of my
personal collection today all from
fortnight's who do some pumpkin Carver
that's honestly what we're doing it's
been a long time since we've done
anything like this chase ain't driving
that yeah you ain't driving my baby get
out get out
hey fine I need you to step up and get
him out of there don't even know how to
look look you don't even know they don't
even have on live over YouTube I will
never tell you how to operate that ever
alright to start with we've got the scar
16 suppressed this is a fortnight gun
not real totally for fortnight yo gold
eagle on me
you need a gold eagle the gold Desert
Eagle 50 caliber port Knight gun alright
it's the hand cannon that's it
ham cannon and the you know one of the
most recently added to the game the
heavy sniper bada bing bada boom this is
the wall buster right there the heavy
sniper we're gonna do some pumpkin
carving fortnight edition I guess if you
want to call it that and yeah we got
some pumpkins that are half destroyed
already chase Britt Julian mines nice
okay so we've got a really nice big open
area here for some pumpkin carving fun
this little guy is gonna be our hand
cannon
you know pumpkins are in fortnight - and
why are they so fun to break even in the
game I walk around I smash the pumpkins
why are they so fun it's actually pretty
far back there but he's placing the
pumpkins we've got plates all the way
back there it's actually pretty far back
there but he's placing the pumpkins
we've got plates all the way back there
do you guys know the three most
important gun safety rules hit me number
one until until you're ready to shoot
number two unloaded which means if
there's a bullet in this mag it's loaded
okay it doesn't have to be in the gun
always keep your gun unloaded until
you're ready to shoot and what's number
three always keep it pointed in a safe
direction there's your gun safety class
for today no a lot of people definitely
don't know that three important rules
that everyone should abide by Jase I'm
gonna need I'm gonna add four don't
stand in the gun range okay oh my gosh
you're putting GoPro right there it's
gonna be fine trust me I'm an expert
okay I'm shooting yeah okay so
technically
first bullet in the gun is technically
loaded all right let's see how the hand
cannon carves the pumpkin
yeah holy crap Oh absolute monster so
the entry isn't as bad as the exit
wounds wow this is awesome the boy look
at that drag you probably find the lead
in there okay today and handcannon is a
pumpkin Carver III class that has a
carved pumpkin you know we gotta put the
one sniper you've never shot that all
the scar I thought you meant the very I
was like no you've never shot it nope
nope no okay I think we got to take that
home put a candle on it put it on the
porch put the cap on reset and yo if you
can experience that in person you'll
understand why it's called a hand cannon
it literally sounds like a cannon and it
just a power behind it so in boys what
the pumpkin in half did and can't well
now I can't put it on the porch no
you're going to make pumpkin noodles out
of all the sacrificial GoPros how many
GoPros have we ruined in the last five
years Britt behind the 16 yeah nice hit
is heavy okay we got a GoPro like in the
zone down here I'm gonna carve my first
pumpkin this is how you really carve a
pumpkin
what you do
gone like it was tired again here nah
GoPro still there that's good uh where's
the pumpkin is right here wait yeah
there's the pumpkin that's it that's
literally all that's left of that
pumpkin I'm not kidding it just
disintegrated can't put a camera
yeah pumpkins growing out here next all
the Ceaser everywhere all right you
ready carve a pumpkin yeah let's do it
baby definitely draw
uh-oh it's still coming dude it roll it
all the way pumpkin rolling Oh still
coming the pumpkins want revenge
Oh so in case you're wondering the scar
16 shoots 2 2 3 5 5 6 round like this
the heavy sniper shoots this also to
shoot this mag depending on the bullets
this is $50 $5.00 a bullet so it cost a
lot to shoot this thing
yeah dude put it in there put it in the
oh now that's Dane that's not good
that's not good
that's not good I mean alright let's see
how the heavy sniper carbs a pumpkin
okay you know on fortnight you shoot and
then he pulls the whole mag out reloads
it ripples a bear old ten bullets so
that whole part of fortnight's so
frustrating the fortnight he pulls the
whole mag out yeah like yes that's the
mag and he pulls out and then he does
that every time
guns hot a little faster than that
Eddie yep I see the GoPro oh my god oh I
had no ideas that big I need something I
need something I need some sticks some
wood some dirt okay hold it nice and
firm and just pull it
oh my god got it
fortnight style okay you're actually
gonna shoot the the 50 all right well
it's super easy just blows yeah
aim for the far right right here okay in
the hole Safety's on and I will say this
first I just shot it and it came off the
bench
so really put some effort in your
forward I'm ready when you are
oh my god the GoPro is fine it's
recording look how far they go for us
from the pumpkin you're not gonna get a
C so dirt a little prayer get through
well not gonna lie this thing is just
melting apart like that it's that's done
oh you just skim the bottom yeah that's
really not I mean I feel like the hand
cannon actually put a much bigger impact
into the pumpkins this one got hit many
times so yeah it's a fatter round
yeah I'm proud of you first-timer what
did you think how was it oh come on
never
we made you bets and Texas and you still
didn't shoot it yeah but that was the
first time I ever saw that gun alright
well that's probably not a good way to
carve
it's probably you know I think it's safe
to say don't carve pumpkins like that
guys I had fun I really want to get out
do something like that it's been a while
and I just have really wanted to do it
so I hope you enjoyed that it did it
great it was fun
we're gonna head home and hug the kids
boy look at my boy she coming over
what's up cutie what's up
don't you be talking to my girl don't
you be talking to my girl whoa she just
ran right in there no oh and purr that
he's coming well sup pigs what's up dude
what's up bored he's like I want some of
that
you just grabbed your cut and dragged
you in there like oh man I don't wanna
be me all year you know that nice like
feeling when you just scratch as hard as
you can oh my pixie come on
the boss lady you the boss lady usually
one she's only one you are fresh blood
2008 teen model alright guys I'll see
you in a bit I'll see you later Gators
baby chill baby are you say yes Milo
earthworm hi baby hi baby
mm oh you want the poodle now she's not
afraid of it she's not afraid of it no
more you want it oh you gonna kiss it
oh you gonna give it up
I've got this as a Halloween ghost and
she was terrified of it now she like
wants to take it flash what did you do
look at that though he cares you know
dude torn apart apart that's bad there's
nothing in there guys if you didn't
watch yesterday's vlog and you want one
of these watch yesterday's vlog baby
they're for you canes like I want to get
on your hoverboard oh geez maybe you
have a popsicle we can't we're not this
isn't gonna work very well this is it oh
my god she just climbs right up dude
it's gonna be my brave chick right here
how about we hop down any our popsicle
okay freaking me out is that good
thinking about it
where's my kids boy where's my kid oh my
gosh brother he's literally back there
cleaning up right you could have done
that another time we get flash she's
gonna come out and redo it for you you
know what are the questions Knossos I
gotta ask you some questions that is
definitely not the question but the
answer is one maybe two give me that
don't expose me on everybody all right
what's the first question
oh this is perfect
this is for no score so all right first
question who wrote these questions
really so you teach once they know more
about me this is not vary depending on
how I want to answer now all right hit
me first question did you have any
training or requirements to become
training okay
training is self-taught self-taught
editing self-taught filming saved up
$300 from my first camera when I was a
kid we can go real deep with this how do
you want the answer is self-taught that
that's the truth okay so when I started
YouTube you couldn't make money on
YouTube right but once you could when
they came out that since you had to
become a partner on YouTube yet apply so
when you say requirements you had to
apply for a partnership on YouTube which
I got denied and you have to wait six
months before you can resubmit or
something like that so three or six
months before you could reapply this dog
is going crazy but the only requirement
at the time I would say no requirements
yeah all right second question okay
reasons for choosing your job passion
straight passion addiction um I was set
out to be the greatest blogger of all
time passion that's my number one answer
I just loved it I love doing I loved it
before money okay question three typical
day experience I've just fend off dogs
while I should
can you imagine actually riding a
typical day experiment experience out of
logs I mean the the basic part is wake
up at zero right every day that's that's
that's daily as a black-hearted dog
around this blog right here
he just wants a pack of hot dogs I'm
telling you he's FINA he's give him what
he wants he said good baby
is that good baby where's your pants all
right you want to hit me with question
four or you kind of know three yeah I
could go really deep with this but this
is good number one you want to do a Q&A
together yeah remember that we should do
that I see I see you guys say like do
Q&A with Noah this is kind of cool this
is coming yeah all right well this is a
miniature version of it all right hit me
a question for unusual experiences
unusual experience about my job I'd say
everything about what we do for a living
is unusual it's becoming more usual
unusual parts holding a camera in front
of your face in public talking to the
camera very unusual very you know as a
career choice that seems pretty strange
right yes yeah unusual scene yourself in
a mirror while vlogging that's unusual
yeah that one throws me off every time
myself
unusual having a pet poodle as a wife
you can put it on your chin on the front
of your chin that no no no yeah now put
the eyes on your eyes yeah maybe your
head's too little um unusual posting
videos for a living is pretty unusual
honestly - that in itself is it's wild
when I was in school and I said that
YouTube didn't exist and everyone
thought it was the stupidest thing ever
yeah they even had me convinced it was
the stupidest idea ever because at the
time it actually was a pretty stupid
idea who would have thunk that's so
creepy did that mask actually worries me
it fits me so well that's why I got it I
meant when I put it on I was like oh
this is it yeah yeah little face well
thanks it's so cool
say hi say hi puppy
say hi puppy Brewer kiss girl mommy kiss
puppy kiss she's inside the mountain bad
dog
well it was a fun fun day um it's good
to be home as always are you teasing
look at that cheese ball the amount of
expressions a baby he made in 30 seconds
knows my mood we're gonna say goodbye
for today we are know what we're gonna
do can hang out play some games whatever
it is we're gonna goof off guys day ten
we've done ten days it feels so good I'm
so hot I like I'm so pumped
I can't wait to wake up tomorrow and do
it again it is exciting right now so
thanks for being here with me and being
a part of this family we love you you
are beautiful you are one of a kind
smile
