welcome to the vlog guys how that
Guardian is weird because it's sunny but
it's raining I don't know if you can see
this but that's how rainbows are created
right there
sunshine start looking that whoa 50/50 I
have to film this what is that you were
so what does he say
Wow anyways hope you guys are having a
great oh my gosh what's going on out
here you guys know it's raining right
you know it's raining hi umpire we don't
like you're not gonna go in your barn I
think he likes the cold water I don't
know I can't figure him out he's a
weirdo this is a good idea right now
it's what this is what we what are you
doing just gonna bash it over I'm about
to breaking something right now okay so
this is kinda like it oh jeez dude you
are be careful so we kept this guy about
what two three weeks ago I don't know
it's been sitting here we need to get it
out because it's it's from that look at
this weather and what's going on
it's a box inside of a box inside of a
book oh no you good Brody's picked it up
and threw it and we would have been done
with this
oh yeah I never thought I'd say this but
we need rain right now like this is a
good thing yeah look at those there's
our six inch spinners right there boys
whoo I think we should actually open it
open it all the way open it that's it
it's a box on wheels come on guys maybe
another box inside a box ready that was
pretty good doesn't ever want to be open
there's more underneath you know every
good handyman such as myself you guys
know phenomenal handyman it's kind of
its kind of what see that is that
hardwood rock that's just a pink we can
skateboard on some of it
on top like a pool table every good
handyman needs a place to keep his tools
you know so that's what hopefully this
thing becomes either that or the kids
are just gonna fill it with cars before
them so this is before all right before
that's not not bad it's handy you know
that can go with me travel that's travel
it's made for travel it's ridiculous in
the house on hand here boom nailed it
all right yeah where we putting this
thing yeah no space the whole garage is
full what okay all right all right
that's the backside next I don't look
nice
oh you peel it huh let's leave it it's
gonna stay on there that right there is
how you keep tools you know that look
nice in the kitchen baby
yeah our sea parts
wait we gotta send it back yeah look oh
no he got it he's got to go back see I
scratch today was actually a clean-up
day this is like the day we're supposed
to be cleaning stuff well leave this
it's a mess dude look what we got though
this giant roll of bubble wrap so send
it back send it back actually that's
probably our country bumped into it oh
man yeah you were running full-speed
it's fine as long as the drawers work
it's gonna look worse than this in two
weeks
it's nice dude stop building now what
fill this thing Wow
watch yourself watch watch this duct
tape more duct tape you can I say all
the he's now easy now oh is it gonna fit
we're making space look at that all
right it looks pretty good we definitely
are leveling jobs just put a little
board here because when they built my
building the slopes up makes everything
difficult I got these bars underneath
this thing I could probably get you a
drawer
I got enough oh I'm Way ahead of you
what do you mean I just took one for
myself let me say Schon let me see your
tool boss you want the top drawer towers
going up yes
flash are you HOT are you HOT flesh are
you having a hot flash
that's good I think we're good ready to
rock
next stop next stop going to my parents
house and we have a bit of it for what I
can see you donkey get out of the way
keep on walking boy come on come on
is it crazy I didn't even notice he said
something no I can't see these cameras
always really dark it just looks like
you're here I mean there's a little
puffed in the back or something so yeah
next up we're going to my parents my
brother his kids we're all gonna do some
swimming some eating them eat dinner
actually text us to dinners at our house
night is anybody want to join him we
were all like yep alright I so brought
somebody shipped us this whole box of
like is it Japanese candy or some type
of candy are you gonna eat some with
crap because I know grandpa loves this
kind of stuff you're gonna try some yeah
what's wrong with you guys huh you know
when I film you're supposed to be
energetic and happy you know this
anyways we're going to my parents right
now we're gonna have a good time in East
Sea crazy boots basically you don't try
ok put your arms around it it's pretty
heavy
oh look at you dude you got it take it
after we dinner guys after we eat all
this food dun dun dun
oh I thought of dad I thought of you
yeah it's a whole box Japanese or
Chinese or some type of candies and
dessert you know I am truly fast what is
gonna form yogurt potato chip let's get
all this oh that's like there's one of
those those pies what are those goodbye
moon pies look super good be fine I
brought dessert mama awesome yes
like one guy somebody next day aired
this from wherever this came from but
saying men Lee from South Korea Wow
Megan Lai mom it looks a little Italian
but then I see baked potatoes and fried
chicken it's like okay
it's my plate look like an angry
spaghetti monster my eyeball just fell
out yeah but have you ever had yogurt
potato chips potato chips yogurt did you
crack them bad boys open oh it looks
just like a chip wait they're just
regular chips tastes like a birthday
cake wow that's good you gotta try one
you've gotta try one what's in it right
you tryin to read the label what do you
got what do you got okay it looks
exactly like a regular potato chip but
it tastes like birthday cake or
something I give this at least an eight
and a half to a nine I agree
I'm guessing by the little honey bee
that these have honey in them or on them
or something
those are Hornets it was it rubbery ah
try it
get in there looks like a little donut a
little fries cross your eyes Wow come on
peanut it's so good it's a crunchy
funnel cake is it good I'm just gonna
guess that dad's gonna like these ones
probably the best here you go all right
when you think I'm giving this I'm
giving that a 10 out of 10 bundl eat
I'll eat that whole bag no problem
not fishy
yeah we saw okay
the same time prize ready or not here we
go ready oh it's a hot fryer with the
shrimp tastes fishy it's good flavor
though but it's fishy it's not gonna win
them it's not gonna win the prize not
our competition okay so these are coffee
and milk cookies looks like it is yeah
and this is banana puffs
that's like baby snacks just like Laffy
Taffy really unbelievable they might
even be nuts it also reminds me of
banana baby food yes baby food it's so
good the coffee stick not too bad but
what is this I don't know but I'm
getting full look at that like the
bananas you should know no oh yeah you
gotta try that one this one is oh that's
my favorite so far okay think of a think
of a donut pretty good I told you was
dessert yeah that's really good okay
these guys this looks interesting
wait little honeycombs all right so I'm
trying to keep up with everything we're
eating here these are icing covered
Cheetos they've got like some type of
icing cheese on Allah huh like a cheese
icing ooh I like that one
give it a minute
oh look at this
same potato chip company but it's
coca-cola potato chips
we're like soda pop there you go this is
coal of chips chips with Cola in it yeah
that does that mean their caffeine code
I don't think so it tastes exactly like
mixed with dirt however getting down to
our look how many things we've tried and
they're all almost all unbelievab what
these I'm so full
we ate you before there so I'm like
trying to but this is the golden it
looks like a moon bye
yeah that's the golden Grail right
that's it hold on I want to split it
because I'm told to oh you just
destroyed that thing how is it good just
chocolate I'm delicious
I'm digging on these cheap pop no
they're like puffed rice look at this
adopt then I was like no two pieces the
same ba just want to say special thanks
to Fang men Lee for shipping us all
these fun snacks they were all
absolutely amazing the only weird one to
me was the hot shrimp sticks I guess it
should be weird what's your favorite
right now the moon pies winning but
right here that's your favorite good
yeah weird gonna take you guys on a
blast from the past this is my dad's
orchard and I just can't get it clear
peaches
these are peaches and they look
beautiful I don't know if they're ready
they'd be sour well they they turn red a
long time for the righty
but they sure are pretty being you only
getting about one in 40 minutes dad how
old were we
how old was I I was like Noah's age
maybe older I don't know let me ask you
something is this the only thing you
ever planted you probably yeah yeah
so we were I was young okay so this is
probably not gonna mean much to you guys
but me and my dad planted these rows of
blueberries when I was very young now
now look they're full of blueberries
kids get the thrive your whole life now
mine yeah this is our third picking
already this year
really yeah you've been telling my
blueberries all day and now all of a
sudden you got blueberries that's
awesome beautiful blueberries fruit is
so awesome ain't come on this they just
grows it just grows it just creates
itself look at that delicious delicious
breads have you ever seen this many peas
in your life now I got a pea look Kane I
got a pea look dad joke 2017 is it good
some serious grapes dude cool year for
great okay look how many grapes you're
gonna have Wow do it I dare you fun fact
oh here's a fun fact a good grape plant
can do 60 pounds of grapes yeah like you
didn't know that I actually did it watch
this do it oh no you missed that one I
thought you were gonna be way off on
that one but you nailed it you killed a
kid we're taking off we love you know
you stand by mom I love you just have
fun tonight have a bit how about them
blueberries grew berries good so good
they're so amazing I know that story
today means not much to anybody buck man
I just remember going out young with my
dad me and him I can't remember if I was
in school no I definitely was but it's
like I can't remember it was like I
don't quite know Stephen really
Oh No it's like a memory to me and I
can't figure out how to yes me and my
dad planted all of them and it took us
forever
I can dig in these little plants in the
ground and now my kids are eating the
blueberries and enjoying them it is so
weird that's why and then you my boys
are eating and I love it but I just
can't explain it very well on the ball
but that's that's where I'm coming from
right there what you just said spot the
donkey spot the donkey turkan don't you
whatever what he's saying what do you
think he's saying question oh I see oh
boy been a long day huh just stretching
out hanging donkey you picked a new spot
to poop okay funny story
big pile of poop here yesterday we had
it cleaned up poops in the same spot
once he picks a spot that's the only
place he'll poop you see like five spots
around the whole property so he doesn't
the same spot each time so of course he
would pick right there
like right off the sidewalk you guys
ready for dad joke of the year are you
ready
I've got gas it's a beautiful day in the
reef tank a beautiful day in the reef
tank it's super blue on camera but it's
super beautiful it's beautiful dude I'm
killing these dad jokes tonight
beautiful blue okay you guys ready you
ready blue it's time for bed we gotta go
to bed yeah huh yay
Yeah right you would never say that go
to bed Noah it's bedtime it's bedtime or
I'll give you two options we can go to
bed
or we can play battleground Oh
that being said we're gonna end this
vlog eat we're just gonna sit here and
eat potatoes
wait are you craving potatoes is that a
pregnancy is that a pregnancy thing or
you just really want babies coming oh
this is how I wanted it in the vlog
today I remembered I thought of this
today we're gonna end it like this what
day this give me a competition because
we all have our own thoughts and our own
opinions here what day and what time is
baby girl going to arrive on planet
Earth what day one day one day that
would be tomorrow right at this time 24
hours from now not gonna happen not
gonna not that soon what day I want to
say you sound like you had an idea now
you're like I don't know well and I'm
gonna say July took till July 6 for you
to say that
alright July 6th Cain says one day all
right is that what you're sticking with
one week ok I don't know what do you
think you think you have a week from now
let me let me get you while you're
eating yes really
your hair is awesome but right now we're
ready for this baby girl I'll tell you
that so I'll leave your comments when do
you think this little rascal is coming
in we are all ready for you little girl
we're all waiting we are all piecing
waiting for you to come hang out with us
and just play we love you guys when you
see you tomorrow you're absolutely
beautiful you're one of a kind
you
you
