I think she wants but change oh yeah you
gotta lay down you gotta lay down oh you
stinky is it stinky
it is dinky Pig you whoo welcome to a
very very lazy Sunday I mean it is like
hey hey hey hey
I'm doing the talking all right no I
said I'm doing the talking okay all
right smarty pants you do it then you
vlog you're so good at it oh wee baby yo
man I'm good on you
day seven day seven guys we did a full
week like I'm super I'm just so excited
about that like it feels good do it I
know I know
wait you ain't talked all day I pull the
camera out here he goes you know Oh got
the bean look her sure it's perfect that
is day today Lazydays we're on recovery
we went Friday was Noah's 14th birthday
party here the house the house is
actually pretty clean I got up I got
extremely early wiped it all out
yesterday was Kane seventh birthday
party the house was absolutely anything
you slept in mommy never cleaned the
whole house baby right baby
little flash get on flash come on come
on Joe who's boss two birthdays in a row
was he's quite to the feet one birthday
can be quite a feat to back-to-back guys
this house was look like Hornet
hurricane came through here hurricane I
need to know that I think the camera
makes the dog go crazy he is so pumped
right now
you see the doggy do you see him he's
going crazy Cora not the iPad not the
iPad Cora you mean a cat you got to
sneak around flash you both sneak around
him
they smile more don't step up the couch
hey you wanna come down don't come down
ready Joe oh I'll give you the credit
for all the cleaning and but if you're
gonna call me out I'm gonna call you out
what'd you do to your hair today what
are you talking about it looks so much
better
there's anything different about her
hair no exactly told you you feel a
tooth like a tooth
attorney tooth today should I just took
my fake hair out oh thanks hair fake
fake hair you sit you'll get it calling
me out for not clean up calling you a
fake hair Oh Cora wants to join in you
get trampled you better be careful she
just runs thorns so this is what was in
your hair that's not that much I guess
it is yeah Oh careful dude that dog will
completely just trample her let me see
oh I see yank we done exposing each
other for the day enough enough enough
yeah well you got what is that you got
popsicle
half of its on the carpet right now
honestly I had to thank you guys today
sincerely this is huge we took a break
like we've been gone a long time off
YouTube we've pop-up videos now and then
and and things like that but we never
really like have been vlogging for a
long time and I just want to say we we
passed a million views on every upload
this week which is huge massive I never
expected ever dude a million views on
every video and these are like these are
very like real videos so it feels good
to just post our vlogs and to see a
million of you still support and
watching beside us is huge like massive
in the time yeah at the time the times
are long the shortest vlog of the entire
week 20 minutes 21 minutes we got 21
minutes no 20 minutes 38 minutes 26
minutes 26 minutes 35 minutes 25 minutes
that's crazy
those are long it's not like minute 9
minute videos these are like thank you
guys thanks for being here with our
family man today is very like I'm not
gonna lie even when we when we talked as
a family we're gonna daily vlog we were
like whoa do we take this Sunday our day
that we actually like this that we're
not gonna include that in daily vlogs
when it takes some days off one takes
Sundays and then we put it up just like
one raw it's kind of what we've done
right now it's so we've stopped
recording several times but it does feel
like that do you wanna say hi sweetie
thank you thank you guys for still being
a part of this family it feels crazy
like a week of vlogs in to hit such a
huge number it's just so awesome thank
you honestly oh I'm just being on we
need to like we need to go out on it's a
public and I just come up behind you
pull that out in front of people and see
what they do that's not how they were
that's super long
here you go it looks awesome
do it did I think your mom's gone crazy
teach your hands wash and take that
stick out of here you won't put it in
the trash make her do it make her do it
putting trash can
good job for the record your hair looks
so much better I like it like this so
much better
plus when I run my hands through your
hair and like stretch your head I don't
deal all those giant clumpy like things
that they glue into their head I'm not a
fan I think her hair actually bothers
her she's always like she's starting to
get a little hairy
it's like she's trying to get it off she
does not like your daddy no daddy to put
it on you think she's like I want all of
it in the trash now you give me touchy
kiss mwah mwah
say kissy Kissy can't reach I know it's
so hard it's so hard yeah they give them
a good dad oh you want to go over to
Dale's yeah 100%
uh you ready almost huh what baby I
can't hear you
what is she saying I I don't know what
she's talking about
come on out you go out you go the kids
want to go to my brother's house you
taking this guy the mud dog the mud
beast dude still not clean still sitting
in the same spot no it's fine it's fine
just brush it off you guys want some
crackers this is gonna be freezing
it's uh I don't know what temperature it
is by like 50 Fahrenheit coal
your boys like Mexico
Oh can't forget your sandwich
I think the cold is my face has ever
been - skydiving holy crap
have fun y'all come in whoa whoa I
thought my Sunday was lazy look at you
cats mom and dad Dale watching stranger
staying polishing off last season - got
him hooked
I know you are responsible sorry
injecting us with this I can't even see
look at the TV is any direction I heard
it all well the boys want to come over
and play
so have fun okay see you next Friday
who that is for frizzy flesh what are
you doing huh are you doing please like
a seal off Dumb and Dumber when they're
riding a bike and - whoa are you chilly
how do you chew it up Yong Yong Yong
Yong Yong Yong Yong do it do it does
this super funny faces try you can chew
it are you chewing it tell me do we do
it chewy chewy lashes like I'll chewy
chewy
let me chewy chewy let me chewy chewy
well well this is what I get this is
what's left one chip well it's Sunday
when I started back on the daily blogs I
explained to you guys that there's so
many things behind the scenes that
you're probably not aware of there's
things that we chose to hide they're
people that you know there's
manipulation there's there's things that
go on probably not just for us for all
creators for all youtubers when you hit
a certain size there's people behind the
scenes trying to make sure that every
little thing you do is correct
everything you say is correct everything
you put in the videos is correct so that
they and us can make more money it's
really a money it really all comes down
to money and views you get threats all
the time don't put that your videos
because you're gonna you're gonna lose
money and you're gonna lose views so
don't do that right now right off the
bat with this story I'm gonna tell you
that I'm guilty of it many times there's
been times where like you know what
let's not do that because it could risk
you know future issues just it's just I
own in a business you have to look out
for those things right coming back to
blogs I said I'm gonna no holdbacks
we're gonna do what we do and how we
started the channel right remember we
started it we did whatever we wanted to
do it wasn't about how do we make the
most money ever started the way I did I
did YouTube two-and-a-half years without
making a penny
it cost me money it costs me money but
you know you start to grow and then
he'll start coming in you're like okay
alright alright I like this I like this
I like this a lot but the truth is
there's a lot behind the scenes that you
know I got one really good story that I
want to share with you guys
and it's a big lesson I really want you
guys to I really want to try to show you
guys kind of where my head was when when
we started to end these vlogs where it
became so much about the business side
rather than the actual family content
about me and my family that's that's
what was lost when too many people
started to and it's and it's probably my
fault for allowing it but you just fall
into it it's a trap I don't know how to
explain it you slowly start to become in
control in a way you know what you can
put in the videos without messing
everything up I got a crazy story for
you this is one of those you know
stories that we just have never shared
we've never even talked about it there's
no point to talk about it right coming
back I just wanted to be more real with
you guys I wanna I wanna I want you to
be here with us I want to show you why
we do some of the things we do or we
don't do some of the things we do goes
back to one of the biggest deals Britt
and I have ever had it was spur this is
a big deal this was it for like here
make a video we're gonna give you X
amount this was this was for a big
project this was this was gonna take a
long time to complete this was this was
huge this was that simple the deal was
1.2 mil it was like 1.2 or 1.3 million
dollars huge money you're talking like
life changes your life right it's that
big of a deal that forever change your
life is forever changed providing that
we can complete the work this is this is
we deal like that you're talking about
months of negotiations you're talking
about lawyers you're talking about
middlemen you're you know the brand's
gotta be happy us as the Creator has to
be happy and after months of
negotiations you have a match and you
begin a partnership it's exciting it's
you know it's great for the brand it's
great for us everybody's win-win that
was up until I uploaded a video on my
channel actually screenshot at it on my
phones that are you prepared for this
the video maybe some of you guys
remember this it's still on my channel
it's me holding my new guns and the
title is called is this legal clothes on
the brand we're super we're super
excited to do this deal now keep in mind
I've done gun stuff forever I've done
stuff since I paint the beginning of
this channel I've always done it it's
been big part of me I collect guns it's
a personal thing I posted this video on
YouTube and I got a phone call the next
day straight up your entire deals off
everything's kind every thing's gone
everything's canceled 1.2 million gone
just like that obviously I needed to
know why I needed to understand it and
you know legal everybody came back as
the thumbnail your thumbnail that you
posted contradicts with the brand they
can't they cannot work with somebody
that's willing to show a picture of a
gun ah which it's just odd to me because
I've always done gun stuff this is it
something new this isn't something that
I just I have other thumbnails with guns
right so how can that be
and at first big hit for us we're like
holy crap we just lost our biggest deal
it's huge for us this is this is this is
crazy deal right like we need this yeah
it was all thumb now it was you know
they didn't even research us this was it
like they even know us like this was
about how many numbers we get on YouTube
how many views we get how much 5 and how
many eyes we'll see their brands so they
offer owes me negotiate for months all
this money didn't even know who it were
guys this is crazy right so I post this
thumbnail and immediately red flag
deal's off we made a big decision we
made a huge decision to not delete any
of the content to not even remove the
thumbnail the videos on my channel right
now it's still sitting there and my head
just immediately went to if a company
had has a problem with something
perfectly legal that I'm doing then I
stand no chance of pleasing this company
later how am I gonna make the company
happy down the road if they're already
upset about Who I am it's personal and I
have to add this the video on my channel
right now today it is still monetized by
YouTube I think we all know that if it's
monetized on YouTube the videos probably
pretty ok it's easy to get D monetized
on YouTube and the video is clean coming
back into the day
I came into it with a clear head that we
were gonna do what we do what we know is
okay we know it's okay you know I know
it's okay to put on video I do have a
responsibility as a creator with a lot
of eyes on me right and I do my best to
make sure it's positive it's uplifting I
know what's okay I'm not gonna work with
a brand that's not okay with who I am
it's just not gonna happen for any
amount of money have I fallen for it in
the past
absolutely tons of times don't do that
it's gonna hurt you in the future
okay that's understandable but this was
a big case a huge case where I just
wasn't okay with it we're not okay with
it we're gonna pass now I don't even
know maybe we would have deleted
everything we'd remove the thumbnails in
the branch still maybe it would have
never happened anyway that's a
possibility too it's not it wasn't all
my decision like no I'm not doing it
that's it maybe you want to worked out
anyway but that's a story that I felt
like I needed to share with you guys the
pressure there's so much pressure man
they people with money you can't you can
shift people and you know I've done it
in past not I'm not saying I haven't but
that was one big example of us standing
our ground yeah that's that's the story
that is going to be our Sunday as well
we're gonna wrap up I'm gonna go get the
kids that's it but I hope you guys I
don't know what the best thing to take
from the story is I don't know what the
real lesson right off the bat is for
that but it's just be you don't let so
many people shift your opinions don't
let it and don't let a bribe you you
know it's easy man just be you you know
what's okay you know what's right be you
everything's gonna work out so coming
back to daily guys were seven and we're
a weekend and IIIi want to just I want
to make these ones so much more open and
honest with you guys if there's an issue
we must speak about it there's a problem
we're gonna open up about it and that's
just how it's gonna be I love you guys
we are going to call it a Sunday it's
kind of a wrap up week a wrap up of our
seven-day week back to dailies and
I'm just gonna hang out with the kids
and wrestle with that little one for a
little bit I love you guys man thanks
for hearing the story
maybe it's super shocking to some of you
maybe some of you are like heck yeah do
your job maybe some of you're like dude
what do you think money tell me what
your opinion is baby share it let's talk
I love you guys
tomorrow would be day eight we got out
we got a couple fun things already lined
up for the week um some fun
opportunities and just hang out we love
you you guys beautiful you're one of a
kind smile more Wow
you
