welcome to the vlog I will be right back
all right have fun with Nana playing
roadblock roadblock rogue rose let's get
right to it guys how the heck are you
hope you're having a great day I hope
you're having a good take too beautiful
mmm actually really difficult for me to
explain how busy we are and how busy
Britney is so she's probably gonna freak
out when I tell her that I need her to
take me somewhere right now ladies
ladies ladies honey I need you I need
you to take me somewhere I need a ride I
don't think you understand how important
this is
do you want a ride donkey here right
Empire in the town just saddle him up I
would believe me I would if I could
it's either you take me or I just sit
out here with with all you guys and just
talk a lot what do you guys think huh
see no Veronica Veronica I need a ride I
need are you on summer I don't need you
anymore
sometimes I just don't think your sister
understands the importance of the things
I need to get done you know yeah it's
hard to like it's hard to like get in
that zone she's actually getting work
done my everything I'm doing right now
is kind of pointless but it's not it's
serious in my world but it's really
irrelevant to her she's working really
you guys are all working super hard it's
crazy
getting a late start to the vlog today
but better late than never
I hit it right now thanks Veronica we're
gonna pick up what I need to pick up
we're talking about checking the lights
you ready for school dude let's take you
to class what's up man hey we ready for
she's ready what are you rigging it up
and the wheelie bars huh works now all
right if you're new to the channel you
probably don't know this but a couple
months ago how long's that been it's
been a while two three months I got a
school bus from this crazy cat funny
thing is it's a Fairfield County school
buses which is you know where I went to
school and honestly never thought I'd
own one but look how much fun you could
probably have with this thing not a
little bus it's not a short bus it's the
full-size boss I mean it's huge
you got a drive dude I can't drive after
the camp ride you can't do it so this
thing kind of happened by accident what
do you think there what seat did you sit
in when you when you wrote on the bus
which was let's see I always set towards
the back yeah but as in total
they think it's cool in the back it is
cool in the back but as you get older
you're like frosty it's not as bumpy you
get on and off first it just makes more
sense you'll get you'll get it one day
yogi February 10th is when I bought the
school bus February pin and this is
gonna tell me whether it was a good idea
or not all right you ready see where we
land was it a good idea Noah only time
will tell I don't know man Oh think
about it that's not good what do you
mean there's no Drive there's no Park
reverse Drive okay so you get in push
that in that's it but it's like flying a
spaceship put it driving you're ready to
roll and just goes forward guys forward
they don't need one of the Bulls on the
steering wheel
yeah there's your beeper in the bag okay
when you park pull it out that's it all
right we'll give it a shot hop on
this is the door I'm gonna drop you off
see you buddy all set for school boy
where's your backpack get your homework
done true story
I got suspended three days on a school
bus bus driver she's got me suspended
three days I'll tell you the story later
here's the serious part we got to drive
this thing why turn
Xena
oh my gosh is an old battle tank alright
guys so while we drive home while we get
this giant school bus home I'm super
excited to announce that my Roman first
fousey movie the documentary is now
available completely free to you guys
it's totally free over on go 90 I will
put the link in my description you can
watch my movie totally free I really
really love this movie it's a fun
documentary and I'm just so excited to
announce it to you guys for free so
check it out I will put the link in the
description and while we drive here's a
trailer to our documentary that like my
dad is really do you guys are both
inspirations for everybody
thanks very much the position the
content you do inspire a camera see in
Scotland
we're about to pull a quick one on pussy
cheers to our first ever Scotland show
apparently the crew boss with all our
equipment that we broke down so there
might not be a show tonight we're headed
to the breakdown see tours over that's
our side all right there
shouldn't be on tour together
oh he's been waiting for mom we're
making such a special night buddy
about us creating a special moment with
the thousand people in the room tonight
so I'm just super glad to be able to
share that with them Roman and I spend
our lives talking to a camera and each
and every day it's hard dealing with a
vlogger I truly believe that is now my
job to push you forward everything up
there with nothing but positivity and I
will do that with my channels you can
stand up it will help you yeah yeah
you know I don't watch your vlogs
I don't want your vlog yeah just don't
oh we made it we made it see what
everyone thinks
what's up up in I'll pick you up my
school bus brings all the girls to the
yard how do we open this how do we come
on in all aboard choo-choo let's take a
little break up on an aisle seat all
seats available Golden Arches ice cream
should we go to the next softball game
in this Magic School Bus
you guys are so far away I can't even
see you here can take this up go get
flash yes dick you're pushy don't flush
good boy good boy come on let's go we
still got room come on in come on buddy
come on in
I ain't having it he's like you dumb
humans
that concludes our bus trip ladies just
what we needed
just what we needed it looks good by the
barn
look at that contrast red green blue
beautiful okay you went in your cage
he's like I'm getting away from that bus
sup baby what do you mean it's a cage I
mean it's not a bird cage not 360 get up
there boys huh
what we gonna do with it I got one
really really good idea but it's almost
impossible like for me to pull it off I
don't I've never seen it done either
like it will be a first time bus build
maybe look at this but if I could pull
it off it would be absolutely amazing
you guys will freak out and everybody
involved will freak out oh gosh oh I
can't I can't vlog in burger at the same
time feel like mr. Krabs who lives in a
pineapple under the sea nothing's
working past dinner guys got it kind of
a quick one for you today been trying to
keep up with the 20 minute vlog but you
come through my wallet you're going
through my wallet no I don't have my
driver's license which is actually where
my ideas I left it there guys that is
gonna do it for today um tell me what we
should do with the school bus I do have
one idea one big idea but it's big it's
gonna be like a crew of people to pull
it off and
the crew baby told that um yeah this is
what it goes until someone starts crying
and then it'll end we love you guys as a
reminder of the Roman verse receipt or
documentary is free to you guys I will
put it in the link if maybe this vlog
was too short and you want something to
watch go check it out it's a lot of fun
and it's a really great document and I'm
so proud of it and it's just inspiring
thank you guys for everything you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
you
