not ready yeah welcome to the vlog guys
why don't I say it like it's a magic
show welcome to the magic show guys this
is a magic show
welcome hope you're having a great day
it's gray it's gloomy it's wet out it's
kind of nasty yeah but it's like stormy
to take a tarp a tarp like to cover up
all cuz you got to feel the better the
truck
no I think you'll be fine
Hana Hana I'm so pregnant she saw a
reflection you are so pregnant turn
sideways turn side oh there's twins in
there too guys Brittany's gonna take you
for a little bit today I'm gonna be here
with the boys she's got plans with her
mom and yeah you see me very soon but
for now she's gonna take the camera and
have fun with your mother your mother
mother my bellies are much touching the
steering wheel that's how you know when
your do don't be right behind you so
beware beware of the donkey I love you I
love you come on amber he's coming he's
coming
we're good hey guys I'm on my way to
pick up my mom and go up to Easton it's
like a big shopping area if you've been
watching for a while we went shopping
for a rocking chair for the baby weeks
and weeks and weeks ago well I ordered
one
finally in so we're gonna go pick that
up and go to like the big grocery that's
there too that'll be so much fun but I
wanted to see what you guys thought my
hat is it's like a dad hat kind of style
you guys know like I wear hats a lot and
we just got these in those samples so I
wanted to see what you guys thought if
you really like them or what I I love it
like 100% I love it so let me know what
you guys think and maybe we can get them
in the style or store I'm I'm just on
the side of the road are you just
standing on the side of the road waiting
for the muddy driveway oh okay we made
it to the store and this place is a
madhouse
I think everybody does grocery shopping
on Sunday so wish me luck in here I love
this store they have everything
literally from headphones kayak okay so
this pool company quoted us ridiculous
amount for a pool we have them come back
out and quote us for another simple
double the price so we just got a cheap
pool nothing and we can get this and
have beside the pool it's like the cover
thing hey I brought the truck what
spacetime Roman is the donkey and flash
would have liked coverage and shade I
like it I think it's a great idea okay
so I still thought it was a good idea
and they're saying they only have one in
the store which is this one and
obviously we're not taking that home so
I got online to see if they had it and
they're out of stock so maybe it's just
not meant to be
I was thinking and be awesome to put
like rocks or rug or something under it
so like a table actually have some
outside area to hang out okay
so they have a 0 throughout completely
online none of the other stores around
us have any they can sell me to the
display at like the same price and I was
like I don't know if it would go back
together this thing so I think we're in
a path shop around and try and find
something that size kind of like that so
I was ready to go home and make room and
put it together hey mom you I need some
cheese okay my all-time favorite thing
to get it like any bulk store are these
ever since I was a little kid we would
get I don't think I have anywhere my
fridge for this okay I think I
accomplished the grocery store yeah so
we got plates water you got cheese drink
plate look at these strawberries oh my
gosh they look so yummy and apples get
me out of this store and literally we
have two carts so something that's super
weird because we don't live in the city
or like close to a big store like this
you have to drive a while home so like
if you get anything that's frozen you
have to have these like cooler bags
which I completely forgot mine so I had
to buy two new ones for all your frozen
stuff you have to like keep it fuller
bag so don't unfreeze by the time you
get home so weird and crazy if you live
far away from a store like this you know
what I'm talking about though okay that
wore me out made it to buy my baby but
there's a Petsmart right here I think we
should run in and see if they have
shampoo for flash because he's still
go get the champ uber flash I'll go tell
them to get my chair ready I'll meet you
back here that would have totally fit my
SUV by the way yes I am that's so cool I
can't wait didn't check it or anything
we found some rope my mom's back there
tying it up oh wow
grocery shopping at almost nine months
pregnant is tiring so that's it we're
going to drop my mom off
she got groceries I don't know how we're
gonna sort it because it's like the
entire backseat and then I'm just gonna
go home and see what the kids are doing
see the answers that are answers you're
pooping awesome okay well we're leaving
now so we'll be home pretty soon you're
gonna help me unload all these groceries
right okay I hope you're ready you drop
all my strawberry drop in my mom off
their strawberries laying everywhere so
it's okay yeah I mean had we have to be
carton right hi mom love you five honest
me thank you for taking
I'm leaving nap hey mister what's your
donkey doing huh what's your dog oh hi
Empire you trying to get in the house
today oh you trying to get in the house
huh huh
get out of here donkey but see what
they're up to in here honey where's it
at know it behind the curtain it did
seriously
I saw you pulled up I put this on show
you the house I yeah carpets right now
there's no excuse Caine showed me yeah
dude look all day these two welcome to
the zoo
yeah what sue welcome back guys I
cleaned that's what I did I literally
cleaned this house was on the vlog it
was like the it's like usually I don't
care but it was at the embarrassing
level of a house she had her baby Shep
you missed yesterday's vlog you could
watch it and get a glimpse of how
trashed the house was but today it was
just like it's gonna be clean that was
teamwork good job what'd you get what is
all this is that your chair oh my yeah I
was just thinking we didn't have six
dozen apples so that's good what is that
that's so funny
there's a it's a funny inside joke
because when we were doing my movie when
I did my movie as a joke I said in the
contract I want a supply of SunChips for
the whole movie and they put that in the
contract I actually got so it was like a
joke but it probably since you got to
build a chair tonight yeah I get to rock
I was trying to get you something else
to build but they didn't have it thank
goodness I love my total bow at the last
location hands on deck all hands on deck
we need lots of stuff brought in donkey
that me as you look I bet like it does
he want an or what do you actually want
in or you just standing there seeing
what we're doing huh yeah he doesn't
want it he's just like what are you guys
doing in the house what are you doing
this is our barn what are you guys doing
your barn Oh full of ice I think man it
was like frozen what was all that ice
for it was for the shower but that Yeti
cooler you didn't have to put more worry
for the shower you said oh the baby
shower
I thought you meant shower like it's for
the shower of the room sure just unload
time bread take the bread hang on hang
on
strawberries really want to go with you
cane I need you come here look at this
oh my gosh this is so cool look at that
jumbo box alright guys so here's the
deal I uh
not only did I just clean the floors but
empire's kind of stuck on the back porch
and now he's in the house and we're
gonna try to take him out the front door
because there's not the steps you can't
get down he got up but now you can't get
down I don't know what to tell you dude
yeah I know I just cleaned the floors no
no no not this way not this way you
gotta go this way come on there you go
there you go I can not explain the power
of this donkey like if he doesn't want
to move zero movement he will not move
he's so strong my mom come on
she puts his back legs down and you
can't nothing not gonna happen I'm just
like come on buddy let's go let's go
come on
come on doggy okay I know you tell him
you tell an empire that he's got to come
he's he's going out back I just want to
see the look of him come around this
corner if he does I think if we ignore
me too if he drops a deuce in there he's
a game over Oh speak of the speak of the
donkey
what was it well maybe this door scaring
him there he goes
good job buddy oh jeez well that was
about as random as you get in a in a
human life donkey walking through your
how many don't
how many people have donkeys walking
through their house is that like does
that happen
I feel like sticking to my original plan
today it's the highly requested
everybody's asked us to do this okay so
I always start with okay okay okay you
guys have requested maybe not you
personally but a lot of you have
requests we've taken everything through
our giant mud hole and it is rained a
ton so it's completely full at least I
think it is it's muddy like it is as
muddy as it gets to today we had the
idea of will Clifford go through that
mud hole and we'll Brittany be able to
do it the people have spoken honey
Clifford was built for the mud in case
you guys don't know who Clifford is
Clifford is our big red truck Brittany
drove it all day so you have seen this
thing it's this guy right here this is
Clifford it's our big red truck every
single thing we went took the quad threw
it we've taken the RC hydroplaning over
it we've had the hot dog in it but we
haven't tried Clifford I think because
what the cat cat a killer do you want to
put shoes on what if you get stuck in
the middle and you have to you have to
get out oh my gosh if you get stuck in
the middle how you getting out I'm not
you're gonna pull me out see if Clifford
will do it you won't see it
yeah me too and Brittany's gonna try it
you guys want to ride in there not the
cat the truck Clifford you want to ride
in it okay come on let's check out mommy
she's gonna do it
you want to ride in the bag here you got
to give her the keys the ground is so
wet and mushy is not gonna help if she
gets stuck is your your fault
because you guys look everybody's like
you got to see if Clifford I'll do it
you think it will do it
I think so yeah I don't think it's the
depth I'm worried about don't worry
about the muck like it is thick gooey
clay muddy it is disgusting we've tried
it we've tried it from the other way but
man I mean with the are season stuff
maybe sugar this way oh my gosh
you're paying for yeah
me too so mucky are you in 4-wheel oh
all right totally pointless but I'm
shooting this in 4k 60 frame which is
like insane quality it's unbelievable in
fact I've never been able to upload it
on YouTube because it takes so much time
at least for us where we live our
Internet's not super super fast let's
get to the point here trucks about to go
in okay so this is a pretty decent sized
hole this is pretty deep pretty thick
definitely a challenge for anything you
don't think you'll get stuck you're
gonna dude I should give you a camera
let you film out here are you ready
babies first mud run all right I'm ready
if you are
what are you in four wheel drive for low
for high okay I mean low always works
but you can't go very fast I think you
just hit it all right let me get in
position and give it a go I'll just see
me hilarious change your mind yeah it'll
be a better view out here anyway
plus if mommy gets stuck it'll just be
her out there not you good luck MA here
we go
oh she getting no speed Go Go good Oh
like nothing like nothing
how cool was that yo that is stinky
stinky water how did it feel
it's stunk so bad yes stinky so what I
mean it did it like nothing right
through it okay here we go round number
two okay guys root for mommy she's going
she's a beast
oh my gosh holy crap
Oh yawning flush just had a heart attack
like a real heart attack I know you
weren't close to him but he was the
water rushed up at last one little root
last one mommy's gonna hit it I get
flashes like I'm a race you
oh she hit was that like a lump oh my
gosh
huh no now hold the brake
now floor it she can't with that you got
a rescuer flash you gotta go get her
he's like nope not gonna happen go get
her flash wait he's like raised on our
side oh my gosh it thing's a beast oh my
that's awesome doggies like what is
wrong with you people
go go go go go well there it is
flipper can do it Clifford did it Julis
mr. Wu mommy did good I'm proud of her
for trying that oh my god are you my
muddy buddy what's our song Muddy Buddy
Marty buddy you are my Muddy Buddy dude
look how big this spinner is leave this
holy cow it's a big spinner cane that
huge spinner almost looks like oh it's
almost looks like my phone on Brits way
home she got me
Chinese food orange chicken and fried
rice and keen on sports and cookie so we
got to read it to you this is very
important whatever it says is real
really I like this one
it says I love cane yeah it does look I
actually do like this one a lot it says
instead of worrying and agonizing move
ahead constructively just move ahead
worrying never changes the outcome
it's pointless key you don't have to
worry it changes nothing
all you're doing is killing yourself
you're worrying about the problems kid
you got to just keep moving what Dori
say just keep swimming just keep
swimming Oh dad see what mine says mine
says may life throw you a pleasant curve
may life throw you a pleasant curve all
right
all right guys that is gonna do it for
our blog thanks so much for hanging out
today especially with Brittany give her
some love thumbs up to her for taking
over the camera for a while
ceiling fans freaking me out
we love you guys so much we are on a
pretty good streak right now I think
this is 15 or 16 vlogs in a row which
lately is pretty darn good for this
channel so thanks for being here
no matter what we love you so much keep
your head up keep moving forward
don't worry fortune cookies right you
love you guys you're beautiful you're
one of a kind smile on
you
