welcome to the vlog it feels really
weird to say that because I've already
said that once today and it was earlier
because I I'm just gonna be I don't care
if you don't believe me most of you will
not believe me I deleted my whole vlog
today everything that I filmed has been
deleted
just as habit to clear a new card
switching a camera putting it in and
clearing it hey flash what's up hey
what's up what's going on because I
deleted the vlogging we have to start
over the whole thing is gone and we're
starting fresh right now I don't know if
that makes sense but yeah it's been
quite quite the venture today everything
we've done is gone and we have to start
fresh right now at 6:43 p.m. ouch this
one hurts
this one really hurts I guess the good
news is our our stakes held up last
night our raft is still there that's
good even start where do I even begin uh
it's just habit for me when I switch
cameras when I put an SD card in no
matter what my brain goes to format it
because that's what I do every single
morning so when I did that I just
formatted my cart just like that and
boom vlog gone but time to mope about it
let's continue let's at least start this
day what's up Empire he's waiting for
flash cane let me see what you got by
the way King painted his ni faces by
himself lemme see I see this is all Kane
right here Kane you gonna show him you
gonna show him buddy all right good talk
nice nice hanging Noah did his and I
gotta say you look good you look
educated you look wise you look older
and wiser the glasses are smelly my
hands
what are you got on your hand barbecue
sauce at a restart the vlog honey and
I'm whining but I really am whiny about
it like I feel I feel hurt I know he
stinks right yes sprayed by a skunk guys
and it's been three days it happens
country out here in the country they get
into fights they get into fights with
skunks and you stink
every started all gone
by all my screw it I'm not so close
hospice happened no here's what happen
here's what happened after the deleted I
got really discouraged like nobody gonna
vlog today well but then it's like it's
just resistance you know what I mean
like this is the time where you gotta
you gotta continue
you really do n plus if I told these
guys vlogs deleted and there was no vlog
they just like okay nice excuse
obviously we filmed today look at it oh
gold over there so uh you want to go
study something you learn about I can't
tell if you like know a lot about cars
or your books smart I can't figure it
out you're a mechanic or a genius so
yeah it's been a good excuse me little
girl I don't know dude Wow who are you
just me Mom my daughter yeah wait I
guess you still are man he's got long
hair right you get all washed up
lucky I feel it on my face it's like
crackly and tight yeah I feel it looks
like I got like he's serious we gotta
get this stuff off I'm going to get a
haircut that's right yeah oh did she
better more intelligent no you're like
road rash let me put it oh there was
cold
oh my god I may be glittery for the rest
of the vlog look at all the glitter whoa
come on fishy whoa all right I'll be
back since nobody wants to go with me I
got I got no takers oh man what I still
love you guys I still love you all right
I'll see you soon I'll see you soon as
many of you know I God it's really dark
in here you can't see my glitter I got
glitter all over my face like it's gonna
be here for the rest of the day I'm sure
but I'm gonna go over John is hooking me
up today I got extremely discouraged
today like discourages I hate being the
scourge it's like when there's such a
depressing feeling when you just feel
like I'm done like you know what I'm
gone that's the kind of the time where
you have to flip your mind so that's
kind of that is the moment where it
means the most when you make that
decision to not give up not quit that is
the moment like that's the time to test
what you've been practicing for so long
and that is moving forward and not not
letting that win so I'm trying my best
to not let that happen today really
discouraged when I lost my stinking vlog
because I filmed some really awesome
family moments when I told Kane I
deleted he was so crushed cuz he he
painted our faces and he just had so
much fun it was cute it was cute and I
missed it so but anyway we're continuing
I still got something for you guys today
and that is a video gonna get my hair
cut which is great cuz I look terrible
is that glitter in your hair
ah glitter there should be just like
what do you mean oh there should be a
good one
like you see glitter you're seeing
things you said the go-go bar I wasn't
at the go-go no I uh
is there no I think you're seeing things
John's gonna fix me up I know man
there's not even the problem it's the
grace
it's the grace I mean you know what I'm
talking about give any idea what ah no
this is for us a lighting makes it pop
yeah I get my dad went my dad we started
getting gray at 30 I am my past 30 now
and it's just hitting me it's happening
I don't know just for a minute should I
try that now I'm just gonna be natural
for a while
gray is the new black haircuts done and
John wants to you want it you want to
tie me up put put me in your closet when
you're sick sick and twisted videos I'm
going inside here yeah and you just was
good
I guess he cuts my hair I got you know I
gotta return the favor and let him make
this video Oh what is that oh yeah like
hypnosis like telling somebody else like
peace and love days in love baby I guess
you're gonna duct tape in front of my
mouth it should be peace of often put it
on your shirt first get the fuzzies on
there so it's not so you know what I
mean because I don't want to rip off
this manly facial hair I've been working
on all right cry-baby
what is the peace the peace tapes say
happiness Oh little happiness
we're chasing that sunset we're chasing
it you know I'm always wondered like I
always wonder how fast you gotta be
going to always be ahead of the the
light right so it's always light on how
fast you got to be going around the
world I guess a plane fast enough you
hopped in a plane could you'll always be
in the light part or does it eventually
catch up to you or do you pass it I
don't know headed back home and making
the best out of the time we had today
and and and um and uh and a condom so
glad we got that treadmill guys so glad
we got that treadmill I mean what else
what else was gonna sit and collect dust
better than that treadmill
seriously just some things you're gonna
buy in life that collect us the
treadmill is one of them I swear I don't
know how many houses I've walked into
and there's a treadmill used as like a
shelf like you just store things on top
of it and it's just piled up or it's
just sitting collecting honest and
there's actually people that do use them
just not really my house hey what's
going on in here what are you doing oh
you're doing fine baby what's going on
up here
what llamas you guys crazy long this
time to wrangle up the farm
let's go Empire you ready go inside it
mentioned earlier actually did I or was
that in I shot two vlogs today pretty
much because one was earlier I deleted
it and then well if I didn't flash got
sprayed by skunk and it used to happen
to Zeus too because out here skunks
roaming then the dogs get right up in
their faces and the skunks alike get
away so you got quite the odor right now
and I don't remember what we used to use
to get it out of juice but it was a
nightmare and the more you wash them the
more it just like spread and oh I don't
know how many of you guys have dealt
with skunks and your dogs but it's
terrible night body good night buddy
he's got quite the little setup man
we'll see you tomorrow dude and I feel
like Zeus
would learn from a skunk right so like
if he got hit that would be it
flash I feel like he would just go right
back for him like hit me again like it
would smell like skunk outside but Zeus
wouldn't smell like skunk I smelled
skunk I was like it's flash yeah the
first thing he did was ran in our house
in the whole house
dude it was it was bad it was really bad
so my hair is freshly cut actually it's
probably getting hairs everywhere you
sure this is not permanent you're a
hundred percent no it's not if it comes
in a can it's permanent a while back we
made the joke that Britney was gonna
bleach my way we made a joke that if you
guys got so many likes on a vlog which
was ridiculous number like you couldn't
get it because I made it so undoable
because I didn't want to do it so
tonight for fun we thought since if I
did just get my hair cut that we could
we can dye it white because we talked
about it and then we'll see what it
actually would look like okay what are
you talking I just shaved like six years
off look wait wait do a slow do slow
you're gonna old you're gonna look
really old with the white babies you try
not to get it always
oh that stuff's cool just kidding it
doesn't we need small those are those
are smelling blogs blogs oh it does look
pretty wild though look at that she yup
my eyes are bright watering you know I
look cool dude like I'm not even I'm not
even playing around like this is my new
look
I can I'm gonna say this with the
straightest face muscle this is my new
look dude I gotta go in I gotta go back
in I got to finish this off how many get
the hair under the hair though like this
yeah it's getting whiter
I'm just committed this is white right
no no your white shirt yeah Wow okay
oh and the way it's like oh it's hard
well it's far like hairspray you guys
like it not one down you like it
he says smells good change oh geez that
was brown oh oh okay all right
rainbow you think I should do rainbow
well maybe we have to meet in the middle
and you know doh
yes or no it looks good I guess that's
my audience right there just can't stop
looking at it dude it's like you know
now that you know you subject to dislike
the coolest thing I've ever seen in my
life
in that sir Louis except the slides
Overseers maybe next time we got a can
of blue we can do you we can do yours
blue the blue do listen your father it's
Jack Frost here
bedtime whooping into the night about
that dude I love them jammies look so
comfy tell you a story about this novel
ami that's his name na ghulami one day
na mommy do you know the story na
ghulami wanted to match
Noah's jammy pants so he did then he
wanted to match cane jammy pants that
was difficult because Naga ami doesn't
look anything like canes jammy pants but
there was only one way that he could
match the jammy pants do you know how he
would look at cane and he would say cane
is there any way that I could look like
you so you would run away now mommy run
and that's the end of my awesome story
goodnight your turn dad - Betty bye
daddy bye good night you hear - Jeffrey
we love love love love you guys thank
you so much for putting up with the
nonsense um cool man I'm so glad I
filmed what I did today I missed out on
some cool stuff for you guys but uh you
know we made the best of it and I think
it's really important to stay positive
when things go wrong it's so easy to get
angry it's so easy to get frustrated
fresh posters just life and things
happen it's like um there's a really
good picture of your plan and it's like
a guy on a bike or something going up a
perfect hill or a flat plane and then
it's like life's plan and it's like
holes and bombs and fires and like
there's just no way to get across and
not saying today was like that but it's
just through life you have things that
go wrong all the time it's normal like
just embrace it
it's
just it's like when something goes wrong
that's what it's just part of life guys
we love you thank you for watching what
I did film I hope you were able to take
something from it
maybe give you a little smile somewhere
throughout here and we'll see you
tomorrow we have a very fun weekend
planned so we will have vlogs all
weekend which is great
Kane you're supposed to be in bed you
are supposed to be like a girl getting
out Lonnie don't make me go get the
llama we love you guys so much you
beautiful one-of-a-kind fart more
you
