alright guys welcome to the vlog today I
got kind of a weird idea I don't think
I've seen it done yet I had to go over
to my brother's because I left my big
truck there and he gave me a pole noodle
a pole noodle so I got the truck and a
pool noodle two completely random things
to have together but I need them for
what I want to do today and there's just
so much going on the house maybe we
should just start there show you guys
what's going on it's complete mayhem
actually it's it's it's wild it is chaos
chaos at my house today
look at these two ladies - just hanging
out on the right they love the ramps I
don't know what it is
what's up you've all what are you doing
hey Empire what's up guys
alright you ready boom I missed ya so
what's up Empire not you flash not
everything's about flash so we have
everything from concrete going in to the
smile more tank being redone completely
look at this this is absolutely crazy
Todd and his team have been here for the
last two days redoing draining he took
the fish he took the eel to his place
everything is being redone just show up
my house to destroy everything you gotta
hide your what a Johnny Depp I can't be
pirates in the Caribbean likely just
some remodel man if you guys ever want
to know what it takes to run a tank like
this look at the behind-the-scenes and
yeah yeah look at this thing
look at all this just electronics
computers five gallon buckets busted
just so much going on what's up what are
you doing
the chemos sucker he's trying
Wow you're rockin you're rockin team
blue Icee gonna be fighting the rain a
little bit it is starting to sprinkle a
little bit here's my big truck you guys
know I got my big truck and I love this
thing it really is big it's hard to
really tell but that's my whole hand
it's a monster this is why I'm so
freaking excited ok so these these are
the normal wheels right these
wheels that come with the truck and
they're fun they're amazing they do
everything but with these tires we're
gonna attempt its hydroplane that puddle
over there
tire looks huge it is huge you've seen
me do this with the smaller truck to
slash with paddle tires now this this
could be this truck weighs so much I
have no idea what to expect I've never
seen it done and I'm just assuming with
enough speed I mean you've seen guys on
snowmobiles do this you've seen guys on
dirt bikes
travis Pastrana goes across Lakes and
pulls on dirt bikes going across water
so why can't this RC with paddle tires
go across it and I got a pole noodle
even though the trucks waterproof I
don't want it to sink from the bottom
and I have to go fetch it and find it I
did not but it looks like it has been
chewed on TV
we're gonna try to mount this up kind of
on inside the frame so that it doesn't
sink okay I need your help
all right you gonna help me okay hop up
here I want ready alright boys we need a
pit crew
I need a pit crew I'm gonna rely on you
to take these wheels off okay can you
handle it and then we need these paddle
wheels on like a big heart through the
water I'm gonna try you big I like your
confidence no I don't know only time
will tell on this episode up will it
float will will it ride on water
will it hydroplane not kidding dude I
don't even think real car tires are on
that tight I just broke the tortilla
thin wheels off I'm just gonna try a
real socket those tires are on there
break out the two
daddy with the toolbar so you think
buddy happens you think that's a
half-finished 7/16 maybe 582 what is
your day which they would think pitcrew
70-millimeter you didn't even need to
look don't rain rain wrench me I'm going
in guys we're gonna take these wheels
off so uh it's not deep enough can't get
to it
what amateur hour
they're filling it let's go check it out
come on all right we're gonna keep you
guys updated on everything fish tanks
being filled back up it's been it's been
day two days this is their second day of
work and they're getting it full right
now
whoa those are supposed to be water
under here this is legit a crazy setup
for fish tank man I mean I guess it's
what you need but it's just crazy to me
how much it takes to run a big fish net
there's so much to it than just that
come on more stores man I'm sorry you
girls have to deal with this stuff you
know I wish we had more space for you
you're just crammed over here they're
building and then just that's my house
nice job we're getting out here quickly
oh no it's raining stop stop stop it
rain you like sometimes you just talk to
it you know it listens not in Ohio
though if you were in Hawaii I'd listen
okay there's one now I think this these
are for this side they are different
this is gonna be this side boom dude how
cool is that I know
imagine this pulling you on the sled in
the snow with me you guys remember I
pulled the kids with these wheels in the
snow imagine the paddles dude whoa wait
I have it backwards this is the front of
the truck the here's my thought keep
this thing from hitting the bottom we're
gonna wedge little floaties in here like
this
oh yeah gosh we're turning this thing
into like a life raft just in case I'm
gonna drill some holes in here so I can
get zip ties tight you guys know how
much Marcy's like that fun with him I
like to experiment with them soak up
holes and gonna kill nobody
what up Gil go you bring some fun some
fun toys and give that buttery slo-mo
again yeah oh the drone beside it I
don't know that thing's fast though
everybody loved the intro by the way in
yesterday's yesterday skydive vlog we
did the mom I'll walk out with us chase
shot that very very good it was just one
of my many stupid ideas that turn off
VDCs we just needed smoke dude we needed
the fog astronauts walk you know there
anyway let's get to it
there's one
bada-bing bada-boom I think we made
ourselves a boat life wrap this thing
can come after you if you get stuck you
know like if you get stuck I can come
out and rescue you
it's the rescue truck coming to the
rescue I don't think there's nothing
else to do I'm I think we're ready
it's the Swamp Thing play that let's try
these tires out all right this is my
enemy
it may not look that big but it is quite
the stretch for that truck as you can
see how many body lengths it is long
that's a pretty good distance on top of
water don't really have anywhere to go
once if I do make it across where do I
go I'm just gonna wreck into this hole I
have to try to come up this Bank
alright guys gonna set you up right here
first attempt I'm gonna try to make it
across no practice no more I've haven't
had never done this at all with this
truck these tires never even driven with
these tires until today so it should be
fun let's give a sháá
that was awesome
did you get it like nothing I'm not even
kidding no effort like it just skips
across that water I was like like what's
it doing wow that's impressive
Wow you got an iPhone 7 it's wonderful
yeah you're good Wow it keeps water from
over here is it cold oh my gosh
got it like it does it oh my gosh
Britain's coming out here Brittany's
coming out he's been poorly influenced
by me only I be dumb the trucks them
like if I be stupid I wreck it but if I
just go across it does it absolutely no
problem he's never once even tried to
get in there you get in there and then
he's like y'all had to jump in from my
truck I had my phone in my pocket yeah
well I didn't think about that I thought
about my truck baby
how awesome is that I can do it all day
get a good speed when you hit the water
punch it all right but don't punch it at
the end you got to kind of turn a little
bit and crawl up otherwise you're gonna
ramp that ditch all right no his first
attempt at hydroplaning the RC truck
here we go I know I'm Zeus was here what
would he do what would this do all right
no it's all you buddy it's a little
tricky go go go go go full throttle full
throttle yes you gotta try it all right
head in the remote and I get the hot dog
how about a dry pair of hands how much
RC experience you have about 25 minutes
25 minutes perfect yeah you got this
budget
yes yes yes lowdown Oh my headlights
dude yeah you broke my little light
you broke my little headlight it is
still worse I did that it still works
all right buddy
I did it Noah did it chase did it
completely did it now it's your turn
okay so here's what you do
he doesn't even see anybody you want to
see me do it first okay here we go we're
gonna we're gonna do it real quick ready
you get a good amount of speed and then
when you hit the water you go full speed
you ready
slow down and land in the water Caine
you can totally do it thumbs up hey
watch watch what she's gone go if
anybody can drive an RC it's that good
he's so good
that is another animal that is an animal
look at flash he did it funny look at
Colin should go get to the donkey can
the truck pull the hot dog with nobody
on it and still make it across
it's actually just a big mud puddle that
we're playing in it's just a giant mud
bottle it's made from the rain
it's just can't get you're sure all
right guys we'll see you later
we'll be inside if you need us teamwork
teamwork right there they've been off
the rough I think donkeys like you
humans are weird it straight to the
shower for me I'm muddy and certainly
footprint is leaving yeah totally
totally girls
close your eyes Veronica taking my socks
off is that pretty cool or what that's
pretty awesome
I absolutely love that Kane was that
cool good job driving I really hope you
guys enjoyed that that was absolutely
awesome I had a blast I didn't think I
would flip it upside down in the word so
I just jumped in I kind of panicked I
didn't know if it would survive that
it's crazy
so shower Tommy back in one second Brite
Empire you ready see this you do all
these fancy tricks but I can't do them I
want to learn all cleaned up I want to
learn a double backflip not two but one
after another I've never been on it so
here we go I want to do one flip with
the camera in my hand you ready that was
clean mean
okay so if I was gonna continue to run
another how do I do it
like cuz when I land I'm so extended I
can't jump back up don't nervous get
over to this side so you have more room
you try to jump straight up and sit all
the way back yeah you're too far I'm so
dizzy okay okay oh the one hop might
help me like one four four five I got
this dog Oh too many one two Naren again
yes it's getting so yucky out all right
do it come on what dude that was a big
flip you welcome up here
imagine flash up here on the channel
mean imagine Empire if you're on the
German Empire yo oh I'm a flashy come
here oh you want come up here huh oh
yeah this is my last trick attempt and
it's something I've always wanted to do
it's where you do a backflip but you're
like running so it's like your feet I'll
try it after you
oh that was good enough Rain Man he just
won't stop look stops for a second comes
back I'm sure you guys are tired of
hearing about rain we are in and uh hope
you enjoyed our day guys we're kind of
warping into the night a little bit we
hung out we played games we goofed off
we had a great time seeking you knocked
my hat off and then I got a show what my
hair looks like see look I'm a normal
human like this but like this
daddy comes to life so much I hope you
enjoyed today's vlog I had an absolute
blast with the RC I just love stuff like
that I hope you enjoyed it share it with
some friends and family we will see it
tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
you
