what up guys welcome to the vlog this is
exactly what my hair looks like out of
the shower injured pissed off look at
this dog look at him just stretch this
is what my hair looks like right out of
the shower and dry that's it
giant cowlick goofy that's why I put it
in a hat guys look at this thing it's
the cowlick dude it won't oh do we love
flashy we love you
hey dude he looks evil he looks like a
big bad wolf I'm gonna blow your house
down so here is video we have been
waiting on sunshine right there for like
a week it's been raining storming
yesterday you sold ice sleep yep
Oh donkey everything in my life right
now revolves around the sunshine or our
entire construction area can't be done
until it's been dry for like four or
five days so that's like almost never
gonna happen
skydiving is tomorrow as long as it
doesn't rain the rain has held us up
doing just about everything that we
wanted to do so stay with us we're doing
it all it's just we're just waiting on
weather basically ready are you ready
okay we got to get a couple things this
guy let's take the big guy here's one we
haven't got out for a long time this is
my gas-powered monster dude this thing's
a beast lots of batteries we need these
guys you take those and I'll get the
truck this is all we need help me just
we got a run in the store and get a
couple things me and Kane are about to
go to Brittany's asleep she is
completely knocked out and Noah's not
here yes when Kane and I are one of my
brothers because today is my brother
Dale's birthday it's his birthday and we
got him a couple things I want to go get
okay the first things not really his
birthday I mean it is a birthday present
but it's something I bought a long time
ago and I accidentally bought the wrong
one and it was a long story but
basically Dale needs a receiver that's
what this is it's for like surround
sound or stereo so I'm gonna give him
that the next thing is super cool it may
not seem cool to you guys because it may
not interest you but Dale it's like just
everything mommy doors locked
it's a lot dude can you kick the door
down please kick it down you got to run
through a full speed
I know isn't light on in this joint
where is there it is like I said this is
weird for a lot of you but my brother
you have no idea
like he more than anybody I know he
loves ice doesn't he chews on it all the
time like middle the night he'll be
eating ice so we got one of these a
while back
Dale loves it we got in one boom that's
it
oh you couldn't roll it not sure if
that's the best thing for it but happy
birthday Dale I got an idea for you okay
you can take it you can take it all the
way to the truck if it falls you're
paying for it yeah yes the dolly system
the Buddy I don't like this idea oh my
gosh it's like jr. just like your
daughter
Oh bad dude you got it teamwork makes
the dream all right let's push it
we made it no problem no problem
you gotta get our truck say goodbye to
these whadda he knows my flesh bye buddy
you like sitting on the ramps huh
you like sitting on the rafts by him bar
he just like scratching his neck on the
ramp something I know oh it feels good
Oh come say bye-bye buddy
bye I'll see you soon I see you soon
dirt ball yeah when was the last time we
drove the truck you like it has been a
while we haven't driven the truck for a
while so no we had gas by the way guys
hope you're having an awesome day
hanging out with my boy my buddy we are
waiting for Noah to get here in Brittany
mommy
toy I should say mommy huh it's mommy
we got gas buddy we got gas happy
birthday
when my camera's all blur dog I see you
dreams I do really like tell me you
don't want one I didn't buy one I almost
did I was on the website multiple time
yes hey let's get this thing hooked up
again let's fire can you say fire it up
with ice maker know her and say cool it
down let's cool it down pops hey what's
going on man starting to look like my
place over here today old guy his little
deep fry if you done this before french
fries is this the first time this is is
this this is the first time the best way
I guess you've tried it before before it
was just like you throw them in you cook
it hopefully they're crispy this time
we're gonna guarantee results low it is
ha okay so Dale's making homemade french
fries which is cool he had him in like
this bucket of ice and he did like the
whole video on his channel checking it
out but I have never done this before
I'm really excited to try homemade
french fries - I am hover vlogging yes
you know they probably wondering how am
i walking so smooth I don't think
anybody would have noticed great all
right this is my last trick you guys are
ever gonna see I'm gonna just simply
ride off the porch
oh good thumb now I bet everybody would
like that right all right guys gonna do
something that right just love you guys
know this is nothing new I love our seas
with my kids without Mike I could
literally do it by myself and be happy
like I just enjoy it it's fun I've never
brought this over to Dale so I want to
see what we can get into like what kind
of chaos I can do with this thing all
right first test see if I can make it
down these steps it's test number one I
gotta make it down the steps and I put
these lights on it right here when I was
pulling the kids in the winter and I
guarantee I ripped those off first test
steps oh that's a big drop no problem
can it go up this yeah
oh it's pretty tall not for me it's just
me and my RC taking a walk taking over
I'm going I'm looking for RAM it's like
I want to hit a ramp but there's just I
don't know pretty empty back here
there's a trail yeah we've jumped to
Dale's
410 SC this thing's wicked fast I might
try to do the trampoline ring it's very
important that you trust me by the way
Noah's here hey buddy it's a fight for
your life cousin Lee love those these
the ones that you just put in or these
different these are like incredibly
thick fried thick fried
honestly I don't know this is just what
we got I don't know what happened
perfected recipe yet is this like the
Colonel Sanders have french fries no
lots of deep-fried I think the batter
for dents you can open up your own shop
french fry inside why is there so much
powder coating why don't they taste like
french fries I swear it's fried what do
I look like french fries what am i
eating
what's mom god oh my gosh mama is that
bacon ooh
okay go fry it's not a funnel cake just
put some powder
Oh powdered sugar fries now you got
powdered sugar yeah let's give that a
shot no no science yeah but doesn't it
taste like a chicken finger there's some
all in down french fries yeah but this
is seasoned right season
you brought me down here who's doing the
upside-down drums that's what I want to
know who's doing the drums you want to
do it game hoist you up that's pretty
cool I love that you're good at it what
way to go Rex
you sure did buddy uh-oh keep going you
got this oh oh good grip nice
determination go all the way no no get
that swing on get that swing up
look at this fruitcake this is a serious
this is a real all fruitcake as a chore
well you know Swiss plate your own
candles oh no he doesn't want us to get
any wax on the clip where Kane was
hanging right when he blew off the
Monkey Bar thing landed sideways so
lucky he's all right give me five man
you are a tough cookie
what's so bad open wide for daddy uncle
Roman hook you up smile more door smile
more door baby's hungry a bunch of
birthday guess this one really coffee
how much you want for right now your
hands off what you offer name your price
50 bucks
can't be by my dad painted for my
brother's Brit now when's the last time
you paint this isn't this is like a
reunited this is like a real life so
here's the true story I haven't painted
in 25 years - the little Hawaiian warms
the thing someone gave Roman in Hawaii
my numbers they were almost
paint-by-numbers three little paintings
and after I did that I must like you
know what I gotta get back get painting
when I got back I was like I need to
paint a picture of Hawaii and you my
friend check this out guys my dad
painted that for Dale's birthday it is
stunning
cat wood 2017 can't wait till my
birthday guys all bundled up packed up
ready
these cameras been so blur oh there's
the focus Kane are you saying my grandma
is flying had a great time over at my
brothers and we're headed home that's
that's right folks were
headed home well we may not have the
palm trees in the heat but we've had
some beautiful sunsets that's pretty
so in yesterday's vlog last night yeah
last night I showed you guys the big
ring around the moon and I in it the
person come on donkey
come on Empire hey I showed you the big
ring around the moon into me on camera
it was so right but once it hit YouTube
you could barely see it I felt so bad
this is like his looking spot if you
only give Empire love like hey Empire
flash freaks out hey Empire okay guys we
are back home settling and what's going
on here we need to have a really serious
talk because tomorrow morning when we
wake up which is why we're in the blog
now tomorrow morning or take them almost
god I mean it's official it's in the
books not only that but my dad who is
also never skydived is going in
skydiving
my brother who is never skydived is
going and it's gonna jump so we are
going to have the most insane vlog
tomorrow because nobody wants to do this
but at the same time it's like like with
my dad and my brother I'm like I just
want to experience this with my dad and
my brother you know and they're there
like they're doing it but there's a part
of them that I can tell they're like
we're doing this to do it with you like
it's not like they would go skydiving
right now by themselves ever like it
wouldn't happen so and I feel like
that's kind of a skydiving is yes would
go again like I'm really bummed that you
know you legit liked it more than me
yeah oh the reason we need to talk is
cuz Momo skydiving and the more I think
about it like leading up to it I'm like
it's all good when you're talking about
it but when I get in that point in with
mom all and it's just us heading up like
what if she bailed but if she says
she can't do it I don't see her she's
wanted to do this for so long there's no
way I don't see that happening but like
in my head on my crap like I'm taking
almost skydiving now like this is for
real
so basically um I don't know I guess by
the time you're watching this we are
skydiving so that's that
yeah you've already been skydiving I
don't know I just feel like I'm freaking
out about it now but it's gonna be
awesome I can't wait to show you guys I
know you've been waiting Mama's been
waiting we've been waiting to do this
and I'm just so glad it's happening we
got great weather tomorrow hopefully and
it's happening so skydive vlog is
tomorrow it's next which is great cuz
you guys know we have a vlog we love you
so much thank you thank you for
everything happy birthday to my awesome
brother Dale please jump over this
channel just say happy birthday to him
it would mean the world if you guys just
check this stuff now he works really
hard and he works full-time at the same
time he does more than anybody I know
like he's a workaholic so any love you
can get my brother Dale happy birthday
brother we love you so much and we will
see you guys tomorrow beautiful you're
one of a kind smile
you
