alright alright welcome to the vlog guys
today we've got some exciting stuff
coming in from Tom rod I met these guys
at Toy Fair remember when I went to New
York we did the toys I got child labor
going on in the back - what's up buddy
earning that dollar earning it so while
that was that Toy Fair we met a bunch of
cool companies a bunch of cool products
these guys just sent us to now this is
why these are unique these are three TVs
they're quads
you know like a quad like this but
they're kid size and they're made for
training you to do wheelies do you know
that they're Pappa wheelie or machines
dude they're not just for wheelies but
they have the power to do wheelies and
that's what got my attention I said
let's do wheelies I don't know how to do
a wheelie maybe I can learn on this
mom'll do you know how to do wheelies do
you want to learn sure well you want to
do a wheelie are you coming back later
cuz I gotta open these things up and
like you know I'll be back ok game do
you know what this is
dude it's a rocket so rhino riding a
four-wheeler that's what it is you yeah
actually open it open it oh hey guess
what they do they pop wheelies ribbit
tear it cut it pull it around go that
way go that way
oh dude dude are you excited
all right I'm not gonna lie it looks
pretty freaking cool dude we got to get
some tools it's actually mounted to the
rack that it comes in which means we got
to remove it all right so since it looks
like it's about to rain
we are gonna move everything inside look
scooper pooper Oh
so welcome to the vlog guys we are first
of all I hope you're having an awesome
day we are really just getting our start
it just started raining I'm gonna pull
all these out of these cages and we're
going to do some wheelie competitions
yeah
yeah we are you mean wheelie Vanilli
that's gonna be our name
Willy Vanilli Tribe all right I got the
first one all built it's done yeah but
it's powerful no you know to be here's
the cool thing I haven't seen yet maybe
they're out there but these are their
small full-grown adults can do wheelies
on this thing right so it's thinking cuz
it's wet out we're gonna need to find a
place to ride them you're the perfect
one for the job Brit Brit it's all muddy
and I want to ride these things so let's
I need you to help me carry this into
the house but we be Willy's on the
carpet it would probably stick better
right yeah I got the motor in the engine
to save enough energy for Brittany's
fireballs you know she's gonna throw I
have to take this door off again Oh
yes I'm in stealth mode it's in quiet
mode huh it's got reverse so you just do
this a little bit okay
just give it a little like a little bit
yeah dude
and then the little red buttons reverse
there you go Hey
nice you stopped by for a visit it's
it's perfectly dry in here it's where
belongs you know you're taking your time
you getting it you're getting it you're
you're good on a four-wheeler dude I've
no worries about you I just see the next
scene of this blog being I'm sticking
out of a wall give us some juice give us
some juice oh he's taking his time so it
came with these bars for the back right
here that I put on myself bolts and
everything and it's it's a wheelie bar
so if you go straight back it doesn't
let you fall I basically hold you up so
it's completely safe you mix that with a
helmet golden no once the baby comes
this stuff can't happen
what do you mean rolling around crawling
on oh it's not gonna yeah we're not
gonna speed bump the baby honey all
right we need a little more juice on
this baby you ready you ready give a
shot ready
say cheese you won't come out buddy it's
almost done raining come on this way
it's back to being muddy again come on
all right all right guys we're gonna get
back to the indoor four-wheeler willy
competition but for now I got some
things I gotta do yeah I I feel like
it's been years literally probably has
been years since my mom and dad
that Polaris RZR and I've stored it in
my house they have no space for it and
they just started here and we played on
it but it's not mine like it never has
been and today they're like if you if
you need space bring it we have space
for it so I am going to once and for all
you return the Polaris RZR that belongs
to my mom and dad they bought it for
their property and they never had a
place for it so it just became like here
at the house which is cool it's been
awesome but I think I need space steady
now it's nice and steady the bar was
stuck in the mud so I couldn't I
couldn't wind it up I had to pick it up
take him home take him back home you
know this guy has been through so much
although I feel like people that
actually only put them through even more
than we have this it's really been baby
compared to most the only it's happened
to this has been truly accidental
ready to rock cuz I know I am yeah yeah
maybe a little no rockin just in case no
says no he's gonna I tend to agree with
you okay ready okay and then you guys
try it ready and I don't even know if
I'm saying it right
Hey diddly fiddly ishq Italy open boat
and Bobo's get eaten that one on shoot
hey diddly fiddly ishq Italy hey diddly
Philly
Hey diddly fish kiddush Italy hey diddly
diddly
Ishq Italy oten boat and Bobo's good
eatin that one on shoo I feel like I'm
missing apart what about the running
vowels running balance is am are was
were were being been half-ass hat dude
us did may might must shy well should
would can could those are the running
vows dude your dad's pretty freakin
smart dude I don't have you know this or
if anybody's come out and just said yo
your dad's smart but I am I know you got
smart but listen son I forgot some
things growing up there actually verbs
it's the verb song that's what it is I
didn't know it's the verb song I just
remember memorizing those words together
warping back home got our stuff done hey
buddy what's up today
damn it has been raining
alright I learned my lesson this time I
learned my lesson I'm not gonna do it
again okay say it you've been practicing
hey diddly fiddly ish giddily open
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh hey deadly fiddly
Ishq italy odin boat and Bobo's get
beaten bat in water
it will start look at it it's like the
world thank okay so tonight is the
famous Pink Moon it's the big giant pink
moon it can appear red it can appear
pink and it's too cloudy for us it's
pure clouds the moon would be over here
somewhere but look at this sky boom that
is a pink sky dude this world is on fire
alright only the best for the best you
ready look at that barbecue chicken whoa
can I just skip past sometime I got most
of the grass didn't you feel like I took
that thing out we're still crammed cram
cram a thorn in there so we're gonna do
some mac and cheese and potato some
barbecue chicken
Kate get your little butt in here we are
we're just gonna skip to the good
stuffing because it's your birthday we
got the party pail that's right
hold the pail for your birthday buddy
yeah yeah games about to finish his last
few bites of chicken and its own ice
cream that's all you get happy birthday
right there that's a birthday buddy guys
serious question what's your favorite
color
out of them it is serious because this
is a battle strawberry but look how much
vanilla we got
maybe opens up at the bottom are you
sure are you sure cause we're about to
ask them what's your favorite kids
parties I'm like they're always wanting
chocolate all right I'm a chocolate guy
I'm going for chocolate strawberries
good I don't know what do you got and I
by the way it's not know his birthday
it's like you guys didn't know
my birthday so happy birthday to me we
didn't need a cake this year or any
family it's just it is what it is all
right he was ready oh it did pick up run
into the wall I won't hit your precious
little wall baby
oh my god awesome no you don't this ball
I can kind of set you down across the
room like like the pros they do this on
little one it kind of looks like a
wheelchair this would be a pretty dope
wheelchair I'm chickening out all right
here we go hey come on you can do it
it's like you quit giving it gas so it
stops because I want to fall back down
but I just gasps um I mean I'm guessing
if you want to keep moving you got to
give it gas right okay my turn
let me try feeling control I felt like I
was just lucky
let me try babies not ready
obviously I'm kidding okay come on you
got it whoo
look at those tires up so much like a
wheelchair thank you to the kitchen
where are we going Scooby where we going
we're going in here hey I'm allowed I'm
allowed no he's telling you I'm allowed
to have a four-wheeler in the house good
flash whose side whose side are you on
yeah that's right well there you have it
the thing I can't wait to get it outside
like to actually go like I feel like you
know what's so cool it's like my pit
bike it's like my favorite dirt bike and
it's small it's like similarities it's
like it's small but it's powerful big
shout out to these guys they didn't send
us one they sent us two of these for
both kids and it's just awesome because
we met them at Toy Fair really casual I
was like you got a four-wheeler those
wheelies for kids I need two of those
and they literally sent them to us guys
so I'm gonna put the link to
their website in my description go show
him some love just think that we don't
really have any deal but that's the
least I can do is send them some love
for sending these to us so huge shout
out to these guys and that's our vlog
for today I had fun I can't wait to do
more and we have to so maybe we should
do wheelie competitions coming up night
flash play this baby
oh my gosh we love you guys so much the
the streak is really going right now so
I feel good I feel great like to just
beyond this trembles daily Laurie and
honey baby pretty soon you have to call
me by my real name
daily vlogger divi divi you guys
thanks for the support
they'll love everything you just
absolutely amazing we're blessed to have
you and thanks for listening to me
preach yesterday just come from the
heart yesterday how to get it out we
will see tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
you
