good morning are you ready to rock baby
oh my gosh welcome to the vlog guys we
are out of here we are packed up
suitcases ready but we're not going home
this is why you double check your hotel
room no matter what there's literally my
hoodie and iPad in some type of you got
everything we got look there's a cable
on this bed oh my gosh always this is
the word it's never this bad but we were
gonna leave we were gonna leave alright
let's do this again the next journey the
next thing alright beautiful la it is so
darn pretty here guys this get sound
crazy we got a run into a store real
fast to buy uh q-tips pretty q-tips it's
not just for her my ears are going crazy
like I woke up last night I'm like a
watermelon boy I know kids a little
messy man let's wait for mommy and the
baby to catch up slowpoke you know a lot
of people ask me like when I meet people
they say well what do you do what do you
film and your vlogs and um it was for
the good thing I had your hand what kind
of things do you feel I'm like well I
filmed myself buying q-tips that's
that's I'm actually kidding we came here
to get you new lipstick but for your
lips you want purple or pink
dude you realize we're actually gonna be
buying diapers and that's so gross I
know it's not that bad that's okay this
separate washer and dryer just for that
oh jeez you candy man it's almost like
saying can you believe that we're gonna
be buying these do we think we're gonna
kill two boxes
hey meteors playing out - that takes a
while I think this should come with a
dentist appointment this uh pad if I
owned a dentist office I would start
advertising like in the aisle like
imagine like Romans dentist office right
here you'd have to see it alright guys
so we're live in our back yard in Ohio
you can see flash and donkey doing their
thing having fun oh my oh I can't wait
to get home okay so if you've been
watching the vlogs over the last 2 3 4
days I have been buried in business
stuff that's just not been that fun for
the vlogs except yesterday we had
absolute blast
if you missed yesterday's vlog check
that one out today it's Saturday no
meetings no business family fun hangout
time so we're gonna head over to a
little swim and Kane has been dying to
swim you ready get wet boy you ready to
get wet tell him Tomac said do your
excited face yeah we're gonna have some
fun laid-back relaxed family time and
yeah yeah yeah yeah we are warping to
northern Washington right now absolutely
beautiful pine trees knees are you ready
little man we are over at my brother
from another mother house watch
yesterday's vlog I'm over at you cuz
he's invited us to his home with his
family and his swimming pool and it's
just beautiful it's like we have a cool
backyard right like our backyard it's
pretty cool we do fun things but this
backyard is a little different
very cool totally opposite of our
backyard right Jukka tormenting the kids
right now yo this is a backyard my
friends so we're gonna have some fun
playing the water me and Kate ready to
go let's go we're ready you got a big
jump
first of all you just pull there's a
hundred it's a giant hot tub without jet
sweep Wow bring it on he's like a bobber
if you ever wonder what alligator
doesn't Bart's
Wow
that was crazy here we are on what I'd
like to say like a perfect Saturday man
friends family hang out pool sunshine it
really honestly doesn't get much better
oh and I forgot to mention Yuka yeah
dude it looks good from here yeah that
is awesome Adam so we had an absolute
wonderful time Yuka inviting us to his
home beautiful fun place has such good
Kane with his boy just they just clicked
instantly which was great here's the
thing we were supposed to fly home
Friday morning but then I had a whole
bunch of opportunities meetings come up
so I stayed for Friday so we booked our
flights for Sunday new opportunity new
meetings have piled up for Monday so we
have to once again extend our trip
through Monday so we are moving to a new
hotel today and just a couple things we
got to get done and things we got to do
but today was awesome today was so
needed just fun
we got to play goof off swim as pools
like a hot tub unbelievable so yeah
we're gonna go settle in find some food
and and and
just write this down oh yeah boy you
already found your spot before I could
even get in Kane look look look look
okay they were able to get your same bed
here dude we sleep vertical whoa this is
sweet
this is awesome this is cool being able
to be up here that'll work
I mean I was thinking like where you're
gonna sleep that's perfect one hour
he'll be all the way over here so here's
a funny story for you we had a couple
more plans for today this evening and
they've all kind of fallen through
because we're exhaust Gaines Jana and
Eaton Pete's all at once I don't know
what happened we got to this hotel room
we actually look we just ordered him
food we didn't even make it out to eat
which I'm kind of glad we didn't cuz the
food has been awesome so it's been
really comfortable and just like or just
I guess comfort the enemy comfort that's
what's happened right now we got
comfortable we came in and we went hard
in a pool we did this my hat still
soaked by the way this is my still my
same smile map you watch these vlogs a
lot this is not a replacement I didn't
go to the store and get a new one this
is the spill the same on the one I lost
in Hawaii these same hat I'm still got
my same hat I love it it's my lucky hat
it really is my lucky I mean how's the
pizza I love how he ordered steak I
ordered pizza but now he's eating my
pizza and I'm eatin steak yes that's
where we're at I don't know that we're
gonna make it out of this building at
this point we're just so comfortable
we've got cartoons on and eat I think I
just found our entertainment for the
night do you want to see this yeah I
mean could be fun people watching I
don't know why that's so fun to me but
there haven't like it looks like a
wedding oh my gosh if we had water
balloons this could be like the greatest
night ever you imagine how would you get
it girl get it yeah get that chip off
his shoulder he's angry he wants that
fall there we go let's kiss and make up
you I got if there's any problems I got
it you call me I'm the man you
understand
good hey uh I'm looking for Edie
anybody seen head so do you like the
dress or not I told you I liked it but
my my outfits nicer it's not no mine's
nicer you gotta go potty I gotta go
potty I gotta go body can I get you
anything no nothing at all okay no way
to like explain this guy's like the
babies Hey again like full-on like Oh
like it's kind of crazy don't feel baby
and fear your sister was crazy
oh no she needs more space give me more
space I need a bigger bedroom
I need toys I need stuff okay ready oh
okay time can go get him
this is what they've been doing for like
30 solid minutes like 30 solid minutes
they've just been
where do you go check outside on the
back
whoo oh man it's like he's like guys I
don't know if you can even see me him
but he means it
Kane's wearing me out I was already
tired and then you get his energy and
look at this place
bah boom a lot different than the views
of our house in Ohio that's for sure it
is so different here it's like I don't
know it's it's like its own planet in
its own way we're gonna end the vlog
guys thank you for hanging out today it
was just a real fun chill day that's all
we got
I love you little buddy I'm having so
much fun with him we'll see you tomorrow
you're beautiful
take my hat boy because I gotta end it
with redic ridiculous hair there we go
yeah I can't lose it I can tell is it we
love you guys you're beautiful
you're one of a con keep that big smile
on your face you're so important to so
many people don't forget it don't let
nobody bring you down I love you stay
smiling you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile
you
