this is like the scariest gets ready for
this you ready you ready total
background plate oh boy
you ready Kane said he wanted to do this
Tomin oh yeah
Holly you ready long time long time no
see
loco amber sneak an inch they don't want
to be in camera oh you're fine today
you're good
long time no see guys welcome to our
little would mayhem here today this is
yeah I know it is getting bigger do I
know something you don't do you know
something I don't
growing families getting bigger that oh
my gosh
we gotta go show them definitely that's
what shoes it is mud like soaking mud
spray me I'm about to get wet up it's
vinegar its vinegar that's just oh I do
smell it she sprayed everything with
vinegar yeah gross whoa you spray some
of my french fries that's it it is
straight cold
nobody likes cold soup that's what it is
today it's rainy muddy and cold nasty
manner ha dare day uh she is bigger than
him and she's only one cuz it's like a
mini in many way knee sup guys
uh this is pixie she's a female she's
one and of course you know Empire she's
so pretty I love her Bholu best sound
ever
I love that sound you know it's nasty
out rainy out cold out when a donkey's
are chillin the boxy net like their I've
seen em panned a thunderstorm chilling
outside yeah
yeah so funny because when it's just
storm now and was pouring just standing
back straight
now he's chillin in the moon so yeah
family they get bigger we got pixie
she's so amazing she's awesome she's so
cool
you know donkeys are a great example
they're almost like a what do they call
where they call it's like we mean them
zero harm all we want to do is love them
and give them happiness right but
they're still scared of us in their head
we could harm them even though we have
no intentions of harming them donkeys
are skittish this is weird when we don't
know that there's nothing to be afraid
of they have nothing to be afraid of yet
they're still in fear we do that all the
time when there's nothing to be scared
of we're still scared of things it's
hard to explain I'm probably doing a bad
job at it but yet they're always scared
of us no matter what we do for them in
order we put a roof over your head still
in here all right so there's pixie and
amp but it's so barf out whoo hey you
want to show them the new stuff the new
things you know you want show the smile
more stories you know we bit well maybe
you do maybe you don't we've been
clearing tons of inventory running huge
sales so that we can bring in new things
new items new merch new shirts all
that's the things we've just been
sitting on for a long time just blowing
them out I won't we show them on my
computer let's go back to my desk so
yeah we're coming out with all this new
stuff and only one of them has really
come in so I'm gonna show you that right
now
I said I like it into my office okay so
we got real smile more mousepads like
legit like the gaming style full desk
ones and then we have it was the other
ones here just plop them down here plop
them down on the chair
we got regular size a little bigger than
a regular Mouse right like that's a
pretty good pretty good size and then
this one boom
are legit like so nice so nice
what is that neoprene what do they call
that it feels like a wetsuit or
something isn't it
so yeah I've been rocking mine I've been
testing mine out Dale text me today and
was like dude the mouse pads are so sick
he took the large yeah yeah I personally
love the full tabletop one but a lot of
you know if you just have a computer
need just a mouse pad we have those too
so mouse pads baby I love them they're
not just mouse pads those babies are
gamers right there those are the game
pads yeah I did I just showed them pixie
no I asked if you wanted to go and you
didn't come with me if you got Britney
was like what if they don't want to sign
I'm like well maybe but I hope maybe
that would be something cool I'm gonna
sign the first 50 of all three sizes so
yeah if you ones I'm gonna sign the
first 50 both you I'm gonna test it make
sure this even works on my own mousepad
don't be shy I'll see it doesn't work
very well but that kind of looks cool
though doesn't it yeah no not the back
oh the back looks good look right yeah
but why would you want the backside well
cuz it's just there and it's not like
but that kind of looks like it's I think
that looks cool right yeah okay
either way we'll figure it out maybe
I'll find a better market I will sign
the first 50 all three sizes so no
matter what size you want first 50 will
be son okay well you better get this
behind and body so it's rainy poopie
outside it's an inside type day I'm
trying to figure out like what this is
turning into more of like a welcome back
update video of what's changed last huh
it's been a couple weeks since our last
video it's not finished yet though huh
well that is his head right there ah did
somebody get a shot of him creeping back
on me
oh yes that's the heels face camera
looks terrible face bits progress if
we're gonna upload more than they'll
come
I'll come along with you sunny challenge
everyone should hash tag daily
challenges you guys come in but his body
oh yeah I see him down there
yeah maybe groans last time I just seen
you that's not even funny I don't miss
that I'm just hiding it I'm dude I can
see through your that looks crazy I
don't see if they like it yeah we don't
even have these these are I know it's a
sample like kind of pointless and
they're new but there are new blankets
but they're black and white I think
they're sick I think I like I don't know
I might like that more than I don't know
that's the x3 month okay yeah yeah we
don't actually have these but this is
something that we're we're working hard
it's more smart Morris is not only
important to us but we haven't really
come out with new things for a while I'm
like you know maybe new are our new
designs we haven't done that we've
always kept it simple in the same so
we're working on that stuff and bigger
things bigger no we're just shopping for
box fans out here are you taking the
blanket it is a blanket day guys like
blanket Oh build it Brian I see a visit
oh yes like oh this is your room get in
there because it's so freezing down here
getting out is miserable do we need like
carpet like for all of our extra clothes
with all of our dress clothes snow stuff
there's like organization tons of stuff
obviously these are like gonna be shelf
sand hanger spots for clothes and where
is he oh my gosh it's just a mess I hear
oh yeah hang on let me just I'm just
trying to get thrown out a new slide oh
that's what that is that's way more fun
than I thought it was okay so the
basement is turned into a
a clothing crazy square clothing wall /
jam / playground it's almost the season
in the backyard on behind a four-wheeler
yes I'm the goalie can't get it past me
oh that's too easy that's too easy gotta
give me a challenge oh my god
one more try oh all right I'll be right
back
is there a cat in there there's not a
cat well there's what give me 500 beer I
met Noah where no ago I just realized I
put my glasses on and then film myself
usually I take my glasses off just to
film myself because I'm like awkward and
Brittany and I have to run out very
quickly no I'm gonna put you on a
project we got some cool stuff we yeah
all kinds I figure this to be fun today
or tomorrow see those see those right
there rip them open
charge them up do it these are oh my
gosh thing's heavy
you see flash or donkey got to the boss
so guys our one shout out to Jack dude
he sent us these awesome toys I haven't
seen these for a while either member oh
my oh my gosh where it's dangerous in
here I don't even want you in here
he basically emailed me it was like yo
would your family like we'd love to send
you guys some of these nos I ain't what
have fun with him and I'll put them in
the wall like it's not a sponsor it's
not a brand nothing it's just literally
a company's like we want to send you
guys these for fun for your family so
we're gonna do that today charge them up
get them out see what we can get into
it's a nice day for inside and these
things work really good inside all right
I'll be right back I'm getting charged
up love you I can see my vlog camera in
my glasses
I don't really need them actually I'm in
it I'm gonna schedule to see if I can
get the surgery the eye LASIK yeah where
you get the lasered I'm gonna I'm trying
to get an appointment this week or next
week to do that like to see if I can do
it's not ever I guess not everybody can
do it but I'm gonna try to yeah and then
if I can fill them out
I'd be cool to do do you day here I
heard they like cut your eyeball up and
I like lift it up and and this is the
exact spot the twenty one pilots video
was filmed right here actually you can
see that bridge and stuff in the video
the weather is so disgusting it was just
like it feels like yesterday I was
talking about this season was coming and
now it's here ready for we had a good
winner last remember last year's vlogs
in the winter with the pond the racing
on the planet that go-karts cutting the
ice doing the ice dips you remember how
much yeah are you gonna get in the pond
this year no serious question for you
guys like a serious question I had this
idea where I would I don't I think I
think it would be cool I want to take
you guys to my to my job where I work
for 12 the factory I want to take you to
the factory and I want to work and show
you guys what I did for 12 years on my
life right out of high school all the
way until YouTube took off I want to
show you guys
what I did what this is a serious
question would you guys like to see that
this week I'd love to go to the factory
and film them I just I don't know I
think it would be fun to take you on
that journey it is a journey it's
something that I did here's a crazy
thing I did that longer than I've done
this so far I've still done that longer
than this that's crazy
we're about to hit ten years of YouTube
and I did the factory for 12 years
full-time that's all I did so I don't
know I'd love to take you on that
journey
tell me hit me in the comments you know
hit the like button show me throw back
Thursday girlfriend I don't know be cool
let me know the DM it's daily or be MV
be MV BMV
yeah I've heard both Brittany's last
name has finally been changed to Atwood
as a this week she's got to get a new
license got apply for a new passport got
to get all all your cards check it's a
it's a lot of work can't you shake it
baby
physical ID anymore you get a piece of
paper and they mail it they punch the
holes in your own one brittany has the
best ID photos of all time like they are
they look like I'm serious your ID
photos are better than like her photos
are really good on ideas everybody has
bad ID photos yeah I do
cuz I want to prove everybody's like oh
god don't look at my ID photo yours is
like yo look I'm sorry I know my black
hole fingers yeah look how good old
school sister old ID I see I think you
look beautiful in that photo
thank you yeah it's just the practice
that one this looks better it's color
though still looks great it's still a
great come on ID photos are never good
minds camera bunny I might on me right
now this it's bad it's super bad yo okay
okay nothing a me care exists are those
your shoes I think those might be too
big little girl
I'm putting everybody's shoes on flash
tell her tower
you're all Zusi Zusi one of the biggest
I'm gonna be real with you guys the
biggest inspiration behind this right
here is these vlogs the kids have Kane
somebody's been putting these on each
day I'm looking back at it I'm just
kill her shoes girl kill her shoes
you've been but Amon you love watching
the old videos dude it's like the tide
doesn't relate to a lot of people
because a lot of people don't film so
many years of their lives but seeing it
and dating back and seeing like
literally Kane when he's Cora's age
clothes like a lot of our good times are
captured on this camera and we can watch
it and I'm like dude I'm crazy for not
filming more of this like it's so fun to
just walk like we're doing male right
here it's also how we get views now we
just watch our own videos one at a time
baby one at a time whose boots that's
for the snow that's coming she don't
even know about snow yet hi baby
she was asleep when I started a vlog
today you know you think I'm hoverboards
the church you know get home I want to
show Cora
remember when flash rode on one with me
so what is the goal here what is my
actual goal with uploading daily this is
something that I've been thinking about
for a while I'm gonna be I just want to
keep it real I want to keep it honest
with you is freezing I why am I even out
it I want some peace and quiet to talk
to you guys private vlog plug for a
while so it feels a weird like talking
to my camera again but not uploading
okay so I start I ended daily vlogs
right and I was like I'm gonna still
upload right but when you don't have a
schedule and I don't have a vlog to
upload tomorrow it slowly slowly slowly
becomes well I'll just film you know
I'll just film Tuesday and Tuesday comes
you're like I'll just film tomorrow
because today I'm gonna blah blah blah
and I held it for a moment and then it
just became like I'm not uploading at
all and I got lazy not lazy necessarily
like no I got lazy straight-up I got
lazy because I had nothing to like it
was always a million things to do we're
all like we always have stuff going on
right like we're always busy but in the
sense of making a video right I got lazy
I got so comfortable and just lazy like
I feel like
we made me work more if it put me on a
schedule put me on like I gotta upload
for you guys like you guys pressure me
so hard back in the dead and watching
these videos on our TV I'm like dude
we're literally like we can watch most
of our light like not much for life we
can watch so much of our life on that
camera it's so fun like we can literally
we could do nights as a family just
watching old videos it's crazy it's like
home videos for us another reason like I
never seen so many you know email struck
messages or whatever it is so many you
relying on these videos like you did you
and you do big part of that is because I
always tried to push you guys always
trying to motivate you always try to put
you in a positive mindset and when I
stopped uploading all of a sudden this
person that you came to for all that
just stop and it feels bad man like it
feels so I feel guilty as like I feel
like I gave up on you guys in that part
my other goal and the main goal is to be
more real with you guys I'm so sick a
lot of you don't even know how sick I am
of having to hide crap from you
hi hide things because uh YouTube don't
like it hide things because I might not
get a brand deal because they hide
things because people in the business
are telling me I can't do that you can't
show that you can't dude I am so sick of
not being able to be me on my own
channel that's changing with these daily
vlogs if there's something wrong in my
life I'm gonna talk about it somebody
screwed me over I'm gonna talk about it
I'm going raw with these babies and I'm
not worried about the entertainment this
is for the people that like us that's it
I'm not reaching out for new viewers I'm
not reaching out hey look at me over
here I'm gonna make these for us for you
to lip I'm shiverin dude I gotta go I'm
gonna make these for us for my family to
watch back on if we're not doing nothing
for the day I'm just gonna film a little
bit and upload it that's it no pressure
no craziness I always do weird things
I'll film it but on the days I don't my
goal is to just upload something just
keep uploading if you guys think this is
a good idea if you guys think this is a
good idea and you want to be here with
our family hit the like button on this
video show me that anybody even
hairs at this point been gone a while
and I've really had give me that Cobra
give me that coat I need that coat boy
yeah enough rambling I want to watch in
the future but I gotta talk to you guys
too sometimes um other than that thanks
for all the ridiculous support guys it
hasn't been like um some support over
the last few months it's been support
for you guys we're gonna get ten years
of YouTube dude what the heck man so
those of you some of you have been here
for a very very long where are the
hoverboards literally where are the
happy words some of you guys have been
here when the vlog channel started five
years ago or something like that it's
it's insane so sorry I'm really
distracted right now looking for where
he would have plug these in so the gold
just upload something all right hit me
with it man let's do this team up man we
need to help each other more I always
said that before
some days are exciting some days we
absolutely do nothing that's
like--that's everybody I know Mama's
hair what are you doing the mommy's hair
okay no one said the hoverboards are in
this garage which I would have never
found them what you want me to film this
I love that you just asked me that yeah
I'll film that what do you make I'm
trying to make a plane
an airplane yeah will a fly fly or just
for fun can we bought rocket on it well
you made this let's fight them you
should put propeller on the front oh I
saw the thing I've seen on finding
Nemo's with bowls every time bubbles
yeah well yellow tang no your tank
but just pop it hurry up oh girl in
above over see it so big she get on get
him pop up whoa that looks cool what's
mommy said mommy more bubbles mommy more
bubbles I couldn't decide if I want to
put this part of today in the vlog but
Bernie and Kane they had to run out to
do some stuff I didn't want to do
hoverboards without the whole family so
I thought I better get this dye I gotta
get showed you guys the mouse pads
earlier and they're not actually on the
website as your watch as you're watching
this they are but as we're talking about
them they're not yet I have believe it
or not everything small marilla do we
still do all ourselves it's all done I'm
literally about to roll this white piece
of paper out so I can do the photos
right now so everything we do really is
and it's probably why our our website
probably doesn't look the best cuz we
actually do it all like we do it all
like I'm about to take these photos
myself when I'm on the website like we
do it all so when you sports mom or just
know you're supporting just us as a
family everyone it works for us it's
like you know Britney's sister and it's
it's all just family we love it small
more so amazing to us and where it
really hit me was when we were on tour
right I went on tour and it was like
lines of you guys waiting or you know
people come in to see the show and my
mind was just blown every like so many
people had a smile merch on it was like
this is a real this is a real special
thing as a movement man like people are
represent a positive message it's hard
these days to do and so I'm very very
proud of small more like you have no
idea so I'm gonna knock out the photos
for the mousepads right now
and the reason I said I wasn't sure if I
was gonna show you is because it's
because I thought it'd be really boring
but it's also I think can be used to
inspire you guys used
I think these vlogs are a journey what
we do is a journey and I think seeing me
do this myself could inspire even one
person to just you don't wait on others
man do not wait on other people do it
yourself if you want to get it done
through yourself sometimes you need
other people I get it you do but there's
a lot you can do all by yourself I mean
you are so capable of so much I mean and
take it from me take us out I'm gonna
use this as a weight holder from my
paper
Oh oh gosh oh geez
amateurs not here to try upon tape tape
tapes a good wait right no roll this
baby out cuz we use all white on my
backgrounds of the store laptops a good
one not a Bing got a boom baby oh this
is just too good too good look at that
let's set up a bunch of light psych
we're gonna drop the mouse pads I do
like my photos to look good though
I definitely have a little OCD when it
comes to like design I got what needs to
be laid out just Frison
you you you judge it tell me if it looks
like crap or not I like this maybe you
should put like a mouse and keyboard on
the so you can see size like reference I
don't know I guess when I said I was
gonna be vlogging more I really also
meant I was gonna be vlogging more I
want to show you guys I want to look
back and be like oh my gosh look at this
stuff I actually used to do like I you
know a lot of detail on my keyboard and
mouse Delfy it's like food and drink so
I'm gonna steal Britt's
purses like nice clean like this
let's see boom boom yeah watch over a
little notch over a little notch oh my
god I love it
love it oh my god it's dark it is kind
of dark and these two lights are out
that's why how's it look good
this is alright everything I said about
the lighting forget what I said I got a
light this lights kind of cool don't
overtax it made for shooting products
but I like it cuz I can shoot my camera
through it okay from while the photos
comes to the computer open the computer
up and I start working on them make them
look clean making them look good sizing
them for the website and then off they
go to Neverland and then Britney and
Veronica take them and do the
inventories I put the pictures in and
they they basically put them on the
website little trade offs a little trade
I might do this they do that like a nice
little happy medium it spawns well it's
nicely that hot
stinks oh my god it's like a baseball
bat I'm like oranges
it's a sniffing smell and then about
after they'd been about 20 minutes I'm
gonna lie about 20 minutes this is this
is uh you know this is what you come up
with boom nice little nice little photo
nice little says it all right there what
we got what we have to offer
oh it looks better in real life promise
who is that who is that that flash Zeus
flash Noah mommy daddy oh you guys
aren't still rocking it look at that hey
do you want to sign some mouse pads huh
do you want to I bet somebody would love
that I'm gonna sign a mousepad if
anybody gets like some black squiggly
lines on that now i won't i won't i
won't let her scribble on your mousepad
I'll take some scribbles online if you
want say hi
give me that binky give me that binky
let me say hi see hi Oh signed up leave
that homeless all signed up bad I have
over the years got pretty good at
signing stuff like it's not like I mean
it's not that good but on tour we did I
think it was like 200 posters a night
every night we would sit in sign took a
while like it takes a while to sign
things even if it's like a second per
signal it was like a second you have to
you know just take the time to do it but
it's almost like muscle memory now like
no joke like my arm just does it the
funny thing is what I have to sign
anything like paperwork or anything
whatever it is like sign a check
whatever it is I use my but just have it
I will sign it the way that I sign
things for you guys it's so funny that
my brain and arm just does it it just
throws it on there I think my markers
doing well yeah it's kind of cool it's
subtle I hope one of you guys don't get
one of these
like I didn't want your signature on my
mouse pad hopefully that's not the case
come here look look look look look look
here's mommy
is she gonna back up why is she doing oh
oh look mommy she's home yeah
she's home planet she's oh she's oh
she's home there's Kane gonna come here
goes Kane
oh god that can't appear they're coming
back here huh Oh locked nope haven't
touched them I promise dude she's just
daddy's girl she's just daddy's girl
man we do the snake and everything
across the floor I think we made it on
some weird like viral website doing that
there was a website that shared a clip
of me sneaking around the kitchen with
Kane on my back I believe I think Cora's
like what nigga no matter right it dude
I can see your headphone look from
wearing gaming headphones you mirror how
to do it yeah these things are so cool I
don't know what happened
they were so legit I don't watch a
quarter for a minute so I get used to it
again oh I am helping you
yeah you got it now stop nah I'll stop
where you go do a circle
you go you gotta know let go get big man
get big boy
oh my gosh remember when he rode he rode
with me once I know I gonna give poor a
ride Noah
oh hello boy yeah we may be let her
stand on it and hold her hand no no I
mean the colors are so cool in that
right then right here hold Noah's hands
there we go
there you go girl you got it game you
guys are naturals you know I when these
things came out I thought was coolest
thing you're so cool yeah everyone
started making fun of them I think
they're great I mean they just got to
everything that gets real popular gets
slammed it's just a fact yeah you like
it god you're never gonna be able get
her off of it now we have the little
go-cart thing that goes on it - you
drive with the don't open it and she's
long do you almost did that she went
straight into that wall you sit on it
sideways and spin oh I'm in psychoville
- that is hilarious
easy easy you got it you got this
thirsty thirsty I don't know about you
on wheels
I've been on word forever it's been a
long time a bike you never forget
well it's balanced right yeah you're
just the bomb calm where you goin Brett
poor founder need love
must go faster must go faster
do-do-do-do-do somebody please put
dinosaur sound effects here oh no no
thinks she's a back rider yet oh yeah no
she oh my gosh oh my gosh alright he's
not holding on between the floors yeah
nice that was on the board I don't think
she can activate it oh hey she wants to
do it so bad remember I have it you had
to be it like wouldn't work
oh yeah maybe like I would like shake
I don't think it's for kids under five
Cora Cora you're about to be seven the
next week oh my god daddy do it do a
little snake Oh see a little snake you
lean really hard forward maybe baby baby
baby beep he can do it he can do it lean
forward now you're not activating it you
got to put your elbows on the fence
there yeah just waiting for it to eat
him you were going back all right we're
gonna end this this this video day one
our first vlog ever hope you guys are
here for the ride know another part of
the journey new plug tamarkan that's so
excited sounds exciting
thank you guys so much thank you I don't
know where the roads going but you're
welcome to join us on it we will see you
tomorrow say I feel some ego shoot
looking for a ride
keep your head up stay positive don't
let nobody take your joy today see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful one-of-a-kind
you
