what's up what's up what's up you didn't
a surprise what's up guys we did not
sleep why when I say we didn't sleep
last night I mean we didn't sleep how
bad was last night last night's back
house bad sleep we're not on a little
venture right now we got the x3 loaded
up we're going to hit some trails and
kind of what we're starting right now
it's beautiful it's it's it's like fall
it's cool hoodie weather which is crazy
and I yeah that's wrong hey boy you can
pay for that gas look at this thing so
clean so shiny huh you know your phone
sankt our truck baby court man she's a
mom son month yeah I wake up in the
middle night she's right here at my face
smiling giggling at me awesome day an
awesome week we uh we had a couple
special guests over at the house this
week I want to show you I got to shoot a
video with Dennis if you don't know
Dennis Dennis is the guy I started I
used to do pranks with way back in the
day and now he's working on some new
stuff and we shot a video together it's
a really fun very unique very original I
want to show you a little bit about that
as we drive down here I want to show you
what we did so check that out what's up
dude who's that flash so Dennis Dennis
is over here and he's been working you
gonna have to explain to me exactly what
it is you're working on he's oh you
should show Kane okay come here
clear
check this dude out are you good at for
that game so Dennis is working on a I'll
let him explain but it's uh it's a kids
show and it's with this um eighty-eight
AddThis from scratch this isn't like you
go to store and buy highly he created
this guy it's amazing man this is his
artificial intelligence you look a lot
like him like your your fur yours your
color ever Cincinnati kid I just got
younger and that's hard to believe
it was rejuvenated with my boy
got sick leukemia in the hospital
Children Hospital sitting there watching
these kids shows on YouTube and I was
like I want to do one of these for Alex
like make our own and we play use
imagination all the time so that's how I
came up with this guy dude that's
awesome man and I do it for Alex and I
thought well maybe I should just upload
these videos to YouTube for your kids so
here's the crazy thing is Dennis makes
these videos that he has just started
making and they're great in effort
they're for young kids but to Alex there
for him they're his videos and Alex even
asks you write wins my next video yeah
now we have to do which is a son Alex is
his son
playtime Kylie's a privilege now like he
has to we have to go over let her eat
right or staff the shapes or whatever it
is before Kylie can come out to play so
so this whole idea this Y ideas based
around Alex which is Dennis's son who
has already been through so much and
these videos are for him and now dennis
is starting to put the videos on youtube
yeah for other kids and other families
which is which is super awesome
check out all the cool stuff that's why
we're here right this is a good house to
come for adventure music yeah we got
lots to do I want to see I want to show
pilot adventure and I thought you'd be
the perfect one oh that makes sense
so I get to do an episode pilot yeah
don't do it with me we're gonna make a
video with pilot this probably have a
theme song
actually it's just like a little tune
this dude like in the beginning of the
video but it's a good singer you should
do other themes not you should sing
please it's Polly wants to go on a
adventure today
we're gonna know I love love I mean it's
an understatement how much I love our
seas I have so many of them everywhere
this one we're gonna take haven't done
this row we're gonna take this one
across the pond today got the panel
tires and that's always it's always fun
it's always exciting cuz you don't know
if you're actually gonna make it across
the pond that's always good but I love
our sea so on this episode I'm basically
in a show pile all about our seats and
not just about our seats but about going
out having fun getting outside no
license
nothing you just play so you're talking
to a father but I can't stop smiling and
laughing what I mean
that's electric it's little it's rope
look at that there's look it's supposed
to be electric it was not connected the
toff one is my my nuts I know there's
little jumper cable attached to them I
see do you have a big sign right there
okay Paulie what do you know we're out
here in the Atwood desert
donkeys dogs chasing donkey look at this
guy look at these two look at these two
is that parley do you like pie Lee I
think we just found your age group did
alright so we just for finally we did a
whole bunch of jump in the dirt jumps
didn't really film it for the vlog but
I'm gonna film a little bit for you guys
of the pond because I think it's just so
friggin cool and impossible to me that a
big heavy truck like this can drive on
top of the water so we need a fetcher go
so well bronze the official RC fetcher
man know what pilot think what Poli
think I know yeah so I see oh my
my electronic speed control was not
sealed properly so the water just
flooded in this was kind of hanging out
of my truck it's fully waterproof I've
had this thing underwater but if the
seal is not perfect
try to try it up and see we didn't want
to do this lot what what you can't hear
me know what boom there we go replace
the part okay so we just shot a whole
bunch of stuff for Dennis's new Polly
Polly Polly Polly if I was totally
different now dyed your hair blue lovely
turning and did you make that out actual
back hair yeah we glued hair all over
his body and then he went to the emotion
vector from Oh things we've done did it
look like just like that look black and
that's a fluffy either this is like soft
so so Polly pals Dennis's new project is
working on really hard and I look weird
it where do where do my viewers want to
come first of all Thank You Roman for
having me over here to do this really
appreciate means a lot and everybody
watching this is a really like close to
my heart because it's literally
developed and created by watching my son
go and like the other children to go
through like this just terrible
procedures at the hospital and stuff
like that tough times so the whole idea
was to make something to bring smiles to
my kid and anybody else that would watch
actually when I was at the hospital my
cousin sent me puppets to use or Alex to
entertain and it was super easy for me
to do that and he loved it so that's
when I came up with this pilot character
that antenna is beaks it's like
artificial intelligence that say hey
beaks show me and just like you ask
Alexa except beaks will take you there
so where do they go to see it Polly pals
Polly pals in the description link in
the description mom or dad you want to
have watch that they're really cool go
to Polly pals
pussies doing collaborations the guy
like guys like being Taurus and all
these like adult youtubers coming in to
cheer these kids up so any support you
guys can do would be huge yes that'd be
amazing
thank you I'll put the link in the
description guys oh wait wait wait let
me know what you guys think of the voice
I like the voice did I would I couldn't
stop laughing yeah I'm so loving I'm
learning about all this is all new to me
everything's new it's not like I love it
this is a prime example of having an
idea and just going after it
all the way and no matter no matter how
embarrassing it may look too by the way
because when I'm doing this around the
monster trucks or the off-road racing
trucks and I got all these big muscle
heads and gear head yeah everyone's
staring at me but they smile yeah for
sure
what great example it doesn't matter
what your passion is you got to go after
you got to look goofy in front of the
bikers you got to look goofy and you got
to pave that path dude so I love it man
that's it that's my Lee's got it and
then Ross Ross came over and we're
working on a project together and if you
remember the last time well here's
Poland he can't sit his neck hurts
are you still pulling your information
so you do remember the first time we
hung out yeah three minutes in we ended
up in a tree oh it was a good time at
least I cared about you was worried do
before we even I cared more about you I
looked over and like your face mass was
split and like you just looked like a
deer in headlights you did I've never
seen someone so shocked dude if you
listen closely it's on camera before the
cart we were up we come down while we're
still falling I said are you okay yeah
yeah
we even stopped falling dude I care and
the funny thing is like right before
that Travis is like strapped me nines
like can your head hit the ceiling like
dude we're just going on like what are
you talking about and then and then
someone else is like keep your arms
inside the doors I'm like guys we're
just gonna be going oh yeah and I had
this camera and I was holding it in the
only reason I didn't put my arm out
because I had that camera I remember it
was Ross is over at the house we are
working on a project together here at
the house and hopefully in the next
couple weeks we got to pull it off yes
it's getting cold dude we got some
intense phone we're gonna yeah we're
gonna do yeah I get arts and crafts be
here norton craft so yeah thanks for
stopping by it's awesome to see you you
want to take you want to take a ride no
you want me to take you a ride
we have to replace the whole front
corner on this actually like a really
like casual like just nice just a nice
little road we'd have a big jumper and
nothing's gonna happen when you go in
there you're safe with me
okay so we've never been here it's like
this awesome park with like ah tons and
tons of trails tons of people with their
toys here and it's just filling up like
people just keep pouring in we're just
gonna do a little cruise on a little
adventure or outdoor together it'll date
back up take that Comstock so we're just
in for like a cut like an hour two of
just trail ride and having some fun
I got my lens there's so much mud on my
camera and I barely vlog I got like a
few clips we just burn up a couple hours
trail riding I'll show you the buggy now
it was completely clean when we left
this is the aftermath you can't even
read any of the are it's covered in mud
looks good the good day I'll show you
the camera which I barely used look at
the look how much muds on it the lens
doesn't even open all the way so now
we're gonna hang out with the kids I
don't know we just vlogging a little bit
tight for you guys and it's fun I'm a
great time so much I've got my seatbelt
straps or look daddy's all muddy
look like a monster coming in poor
little girl it's crazy alright just
worked out of the shower I feel amazing
my little my little people are here are
you being attacked by a snake attacked
by a snake you go get a nap you sleep it
up we're absolutely absolutely exhausted
I'm jealous get a good nap I mean I feel
pretty good right now that shower helps
so much plus I'm home my kiddos hey Cora
Cora Cora I'm all clean no more mud this
girl last night guys just what she just
wouldn't sleep yeah my camera's all
muddy at least it's still working
I took pry the lens open are you eating
ice cream oh that's a good picture what
would you guys think about potentially a
vlog week where we actually vlog seven
days out of the week every time I film
I'm like this is so fun I have fun with
it right every time I don't film and I
don't bring this camera I'm like this is
so fun why don't I do this more it's a
love-hate relationship right now I like
it when I do it and I love it when I
don't do it what would you guys want to
vlog for a week straight like would you
help me you take the camera six days I'm
I'm still only doing one but you take it
like six days
you once one days cane vlogs we could be
like cane Tuesday's Noah Wednesday
through Sunday
mommy nap nap time we could do 20 minute
nap vlogs
we've been watching up on our TV we've
been having like our really old blogs on
I notice a lot of them are like this or
literally our blogs are just us like
hanging out talking and and when we're
watching it those are the best moments
we're like look how little Kate is like
a little noise we watched his 12th
birthday vlog where you got your iPhone
yesterday is that well it was 12 yeah oh
my gosh your reaction I was tearing up
watching it yeah like fully teared up I
was like laughing crying so embarrassing
maybe something's up that's where we're
at right now
hope hope you guys are uh put a smile on
your face today it's beautiful just got
the boys one big boy my brother and all
the girls they're resting up to relax
and so we're gonna we're just gonna hang
out do some boy things and wash the
Xtreme cuz it is muddy you guys show
them how we gonna show them how to wash
it you want to film it alright today's
your day man it just looks like a new
paint job dude it's a new rap look at
that oh my well sorry about the mess bud
you're officially will not be clean look
can you want to start it hold up hold it
Oh
snuggle up in the dirt you think or I
was gonna do this with us but she's old
enough like just get all dirty and I bet
she will
she seems pretty adventurous already
let's go wash this baby there's only one
way to wash it there's only one real
look we're already cleaning it
like a cool that is all over
watch your head you guys want to get day
all that I'll be standing in there
he doesn't know he doesn't know
I mean the tires are clean more clean
hey you can read it we did something oh
my god
I think we need a power washer yeah dude
see we did pretty good and it was only a
few minutes imagine an hour yeah what's
up good just chilling on the hills
waiting for you to get home
did you guys have fun we're not even
that Marty man look I got a little
couple spots a couple a little dirty
Bert dirty birdies let's go let's go see
I don't want to say we failed all right
we just learned how not to wash it all
right looks even worse now it looks
better looks fresher that's some fresh
stick right there man they should make
wraps that look just like that by the
way yep knowing I made a bet for $5.00 I
said Cora would be awake and he said if
she's not I won five bucks and I said
make it fifty we just pulled up and I
heard her flash you got the only way in
Hey come on outside
lazy baby what where are we going get
him Cora get him girl get Noah
then she wants to go in the camper what
a beautiful day man it's so nice hope
you guys used your we I hope you okay
did something this weekend like I hope I
don't know it's easy to burn it up
without doing anything so I hope you did
something whatever it is I got muddy
that's what I did she's a daddy's girl
right now she wants his day
Hey ah you want my oh jeez no she
doesn't want dad dad yeah you gonna say
dad dad here ready say mama
say dad dad ohh
say Dada da say Dada da ma ma ma say
it's shower time sure we're time look at
me dirty she just runs straight you know
what I'm thankful for right now you
trying to get in no you don't get in
Chelsea after shower okay say bye I feel
like this is such a random back and
forth long weird today guys I apologize
I really have like I asked you guys what
would you honestly think like put in the
comments Li tell me would you want would
you actually watch a week of vlogs like
I know it's been forever since we did
that and when I was doing that people
just won't watch
so the question is would you actually
even care like at this point I feel like
you guys like when I just upload
randomly I don't even tell anybody I
just post the vlog now whenever I like
that style it's fun but it is making me
like I don't know I did better when I
had a schedule you know like when you
when you have a work schedule you show
up at work on time because that's your
job right and I was uploading every day
was my job and I did good at it for a
while but now that I don't have any
schedule I feel like that kind of
hurting me mentally like I feel like I
was better with some sort of schedule I
feel like I was able to stay more on
track with some sort of schedule now
that I don't have any schedule Mike
don't walk and then tomorrow I'm like
just put them to luck
there's no reason
I don't know like I said when I blog I
have a blast I'm like dude why aren't I
doing this all the times and then when I
don't have a blast
like why aren't I doing this all the
time so I don't know I gotta figure
something out yeah and a lot of you like
rely on these it is and then it picks
you up you feel a little better when you
watch them and I run into you all the
time on the streets and it's like I
almost feel guilty like I should be
doing this a lot more for you guys so
tell me what you really think in the
comments and honestly my family has been
this is a weird this is like before
shower time talk my family's been loving
like just film and whenever it's like I
literally asked the kids you guys want
some today yeah sometimes like I don't
know I'm like done not filming but I
feel like a lot of days they'd be they'd
be more willing to filmed and not calm
like most the time we all love it Palin
let's keep driving I'm gonna grab a
quick shower wrap the blog out say good
night to everybody been a great time I
love you guys so much man sincerely from
bombard whether you've done for us
already over the years is irreplaceable
I have no way to even thank you for it
there's no words in my vocabulary that
can actually express my real feelings
for you guys so thank you so much shower
time
Oh shower it up eat some tater tots and
branch chicken fries French chicken pie
they're still chicken pies from France
I know hopefully the green beans girl
say hi say hi girl can eat a whole can
of green beans literally she kills them
now you know you're funny now you chew
it up how do you chew how do you chewy
ah she's literally being silly for you
she knows she's being silly I guess
we're just gonna we're gonna say goodbye
bye bye say bye bye this is I guess she
getting ornery she got a personality and
I think it's a good one
she's like legit making me laugh like
she'll come up so shove her binky like
halfway in her mouth and she'll just go
and just stare at me inside
she's peed in like 100 years
say bye say bye blow kiss yeah okay hey
can I have a kiss you let me have a kiss
mommy I want to kiss them no let me have
a kid we lost her we love you guys
so much thank you for being here thank
you for being a part of another very
random part of our life another video
hanging with my girls boys playing games
love you guys see you soon beautiful
one-of-a-kind smile
you
