welcome to the vlog guys welcome to day
5 of is day 5 are we already on day 5
day 5 of our Maui Hawaii trip today
we're kind of on a big wave hunt today
today today today Honolua Bay is rocking
right now I think like 16-foot waves
which to me is like a city building
anyway we're here as a family we got
everybody keen Britt Brittany's mom
grandma Tim and my brother and everybody
check these things out you can kind of
see them rolling down here well this is
awesome so we've been here a couple
times
this is Honolua Bay definitely one of my
favorite spots to go and just watch the
waves are huge hard to tell on camera
but they're giant wave we've got the fam
here hanging out what you think of this
dude dude we should be down there what
do we are fearful watch it's a
competition you want to join the comp
this is God's water they can't say who
can be in in the water and I do this
God's water a little bit of positive now
it looks like what is it dude look at
blue it's like what you see in the
magazines man oh you're like the perfect
waves rolling in surfer in like that
Ricardo is gonna take advantage for it
all
he's gonna look for the barrel he finds
it oh right if the sweets behind years
old nine years old he's gonna lock in
yes it is Rafi theory our youngest
competitor a lot of room what has he got
one big rap oh this a big section coming
at him howdy goes okay guys if you watch
yesterday's vlog I explained that I lost
my hat and I had it forever I died it
fell off while I was surfing out I
chased it down I keep getting my hat
well I thought that I could never lose
this hat because I didn't lose it but I
put it on top of the van and then we
drove off without and I finally lost my
hat these guys Harold that's your name
right Harold and April what happened to
tell me about this okay so I was driving
back home from school and I was driving
I seen a smile more hat like literally
on the highway that's gotta be Romans
hat like it was that thousand Peaks were
yeah so yeah went there I took the hat
and I was like yup I texted Carl and
boom right there insane the real stories
on yesterday's vlog but dude he brought
me my actual you have a youtube channel
yeah it's called plagiarize gamer
plagiarize gamer okay there you have I'm
gonna give you shout out for that page
just to be honest gamer guys we're
warping over to grab a little lunch and
then we're gonna take everybody to I
guess this blow hole does anybody know
the name of this place smoke just blow
that's the blow you guys want to go see
a blow hole I'm down I guess the whales
so big go down in the top of the
blowhole no yeah the whale comes up and
they have a little bladder thing that
goes over and you walk to the bloat I
bet there's gold in this blowhole high
time it just right you get in you get
the gold you get out not like fool's
gold
100% exactly so we're gonna eat real
quick and then we're gonna head to this
crazy blow everybody's talking about it
like you got to go see this blowhole for
now we're gonna do this little while
what's it called Duke's lives lives
ad-libs hi I am
oh you're falling hi guys oh no oh my
gosh my daughter I'm swearing here out
you know I get that all the time he's
always asked me if I'm a Roman outward
okay so you're gonna ask me questions
we're gonna fill this in right
okay this camera's junk dog it is like
they don't worse I am in full blurry
mode all the time new one is ten times
I'm so unhappy with so unhappy with it
well toss it on the ocean dude I'm going
to prove it toss with me to toss you go
toss I can't go wrong I know you won't
first one is placed please Hawaii Hawaii
come on blurry
whoa you want me to read her you want to
read it okay here we go
best day ever
here we go yesterday at Hawaii it was a
very dark day I started the day by
picking up my new pervy surgeries or a
favorite shape shape uncle Dale a new
board was six feet long with 20 babies
I think it's safe to say I'm moving
they were close let's check out this
sign
so you said mile marker 30 I've never
been on this side of the island and it
looks like ya blowhole point five miles
up just kidding that way how cool is
this this is definitely not Ohio no more
ma'am
it's where you need one of those like
on-road off-road dirt bikes how cool
would that be John Connor style
Terminator is that crazy dude oh man Wow
there's absolutely no way the camera
does any justice this look at this giant
pull down here to that we just chew you
up and eat you just fills up like a
washing machine so our goal is to get
all the way to the very bottom of that
cliff over there you up for it
although on the other side what what we
have absolutely no idea if this is even
the trailer if this is even a trail at
all I think it's a trail but I don't
know if it gets the right spot it's
about a half mile but it looks kind of
for yeah yeah look at those things
that's lemon-lime right there I feel
like this is how that movie 47 hours
started or whatever that was with James
Franco and they're just hiking and all
of a sudden they don't know where to go
or genuinely remember where to go dude
this is insanity look at that
it's the biggest washing machine in the
world good look at this place
though I'm actually got missed up here
we've kind of come to a dead end on this
side unless you're scaling like a go
across this mountainside
watch the power dude
it's game over down there that's just
nope
it's done it's over pack your bags
Wow you can feel the ground shaking you
feel it it's safe to say I could watch
this all day up here so pretty guys it
sucks it probably doesn't translate on
camera but it's Wow guys well no
blowhole yet we're actually trying to
find the way we came out and start over
because we went totally the wrong way
it's the way we came for sure you can
just gotta get back to the car and drive
more good thing we wore the slicker
shoes we own this isn't it at all dude
there's nothing here Oh might be a good
idea now start calling our sleeping
spots figure out where we're gonna stay
tonight
I saw sock back here we might want to go
get that I'm gonna need that to start
the fire
to be honest I think all we got to do we
just gotta get down these rocks I think
take this trail down it's gotta be
somewhere down there I think we just
scale that cliff I know the two days or
so we'll be there
extreme danger stay on dry rock I think
we made it
boom wait for a big one boom oh it's so
hard to see it how many years do you
think it took for all this water little
beads to just drill into all these rocks
for years 200 years you guys tell me I
have no idea Wow seriously though how
many water drops does it take to create
that watch this how much treasure is
down in that thing dude you only have a
split-second to get down but once you
did all go DuckTales room right there
that's what that is this is a serious
question though how many times does a
fish get launched straight out of that
now has to happen hundred percent out
something gets launched that hole
there's so much force in power probably
just pushes it in shoots it out like a
potato gun
that is crazy we hit the drone up and
look down in that hole take the drone
through before the water goes sure
world's largest toilet dude it's
flushing right now dude look at this
thing it is an evil little hole I mean
seriously you go down anything goes down
that this dude's sobre Oh
jeez
dudes are totally inspiring us I
wouldn't think to get that close through
it do I see other people just having a
blast and no you in we're gonna get
soaked we're headed down dude let's get
wet
ready sit right here you're gonna sit in
the hole all right nobody's in
first shower it's a toy reverse toilet I
think I just found the highlight of my
entire trip right here we'll get my
family down here this to me is pretty
wrapping up yer the top the top of
happiness right here family and fun
natural fun Dom get it pops don't get it
you're asking for a full facial
remember I had said that fish keep going
up in here look at this puddle alright
guys this next part I want you to sit
back relax push any problem you got to
the side and enjoy this nice peaceful
montage of the beautiful Hawaii I'm
gonna fry my blahblah he's bothered
about Drona
the highlight of my week right there so
far that was just happiness - no I was
just laughing yeah I think yeah look at
these things rolling in that was bad Oh
maybe 40 what's the odds that there's
just a heart carved out of this rock
look look at that that's already sweet
honestly I messed up I was born planning
this ledge is big enough to smile more
out of their smile more in Hawaii just
kind of go together in mind it's like a
big big smile more rock can we sponsor
the island and then we get our own rock
Dale Conrad you guys see this lava look
is that crazy
Jeremy you dare you put it in the hot
lava yeah here we go here we go
now that happened it's just dirt it's
just dirt and mud and minerals but the
kids think it's it's not a water park
Dale have you ever been that way to the
water park absolutely unbelievable what
a cool time I keep saying it one of the
highlights of this trip so far amazing
we're following Dale in my parents they
said there's like this insane surfing
spot on the way that we must have missed
so they're gonna take us there right now
I said like huge monster wave so let's
go check that out before we go back to
the hotel see what Brittany and Keene
and okay we just entered I don't know
what this beach is called credible waves
incredible surf like these giant rocks
out in the ocean - monster waves a boom
before the Sun sets its back to the
hotel and hopefully our special package
came today so I think we're gonna go
straight in for that no I'm saying the
package is here it's in this box and
it's a big bucks
my camera's so dead I need to go get it
and my burners at my camera I'm burnt
yeah thanks for being honest the
watermelon is in mommy's belly oh it's a
whole blank what is that it's gonna be
the coolest do but yet not yet we're
gonna go get in the hot tub you coming
with me yeah after an hour of exhale
inhale exhale
we got the watermelon wrap halfway blown
up he's just trying to get to Daddy he's
just trying to get the death hey you
gonna be easy on baby girl Carl got Carl
got all the kids dinosaur teeth check it
out you like it it's a real toy it's
over a million years old 80 million he
so just just said that fans brought some
bags of goodies while we were gone and
they brought us a real mango if you
watch the vlog where we was it a mango
it was a papaya
wait there's a prey bug in it alright
guys we're gonna say goodbye for the
night it's a madhouse it's aroma source
Rex did we did a lot today boy we hiked
a long way do you guys want to open that
box
buh-buh-bah say for tomorrow
seriously tomorrow guys we are gonna end
this vlog thank you for hanging out with
us I hope you enjoyed today I tried to
film as much as possible we absolutely
love you thanks for joining us on this
crazy madhouse trip of our vacation what
have an amazing day
you're one of a kind your beautiful
smile more out of order you're beautiful
you're beauti one-of-a-kind
one-of-a-kind smile more wait have you
guys to see tomorrow you're beautiful
you
