welcome to the vlog guys we are just
getting our day started we got this
crazy like our seam paper truck you just
put this paper down and then the char
stays on the track what happens if I
take this out Oh what anyway guys
welcome back to our Hawaii family trip
not sure exactly what we're doing I feel
like we're all a little on recovery mode
we're all a little sore were a little
sunburnt we're just figuring that out
check this bird out he's eating lizards
right out of this gret look at this
that's a lizard gone so they're just
cutting all this brush out right here
and this birds just chillin with them
grabbing every lizard that comes out see
if he grabs one oh my gos whoa whoa what
up toad what you see up there anything
cool no you can't get this stuff off
dryden no use dot they make colored zinc
usually use white we have blue and we
have red apparently the red doesn't come
off because it's like smeared in there
red white blue okay guys so we decided
to hop in the truck there's a place
called Black Rock which is a cliff ledge
rock snorkel place really fun you
definitely gotta have shoes like this
well no dude we have shoes nice tell me
when we did it this is like urchins and
like spiky things we're gonna head there
we're gonna do some snorkeling we're
gonna do some jumping you don't with me
you sure it's 7,500 feet yeah you gonna
jump boy
look how awesome this place is oh my
gosh look look at the ledges that's what
you jump off of mmm
yeah dude look at this pool come here
look it's like a river it goes all the
way back like cool people whoa people
always find cool stuff wherever there's
cool stuff there's people look at this
come on slowpoke
all right guys we're gonna knock out
some snorkeling before we hit them
cliffs ready get in
looks like he's kind of ready to get in
let's go let's go see some fish let's do
it you may see some fishies
this will be his first real snorkel out
in the ocean now I'll be right here with
you mommy will be too okay do you guys
know I love the ocean most of all the
fish let's go down and see what we can
find in here
in the water it's a rescue attempt old
man is he gonna sting you this giant
black hole why bumblebee one staying in
your dad dad you doing that cliff jump
with me you know fifteen feet smile Emma
fifteen you're in I'm in so just came up
to take a break and check this out these
tangs or coming up when the water fills
up see if I can catch it on film pots
right there ready see him see him look
at that he just comes up right when the
water comes up to get this green algae
in that cool I know I kept seeing these
fins and I'm like it can't be my best
advice has a snorkeler where fins you
were useless in this bird without fins
yeah you go down in there it's game over
so we're hiking up to do this jump up
here but this scenery is just
unbelievable this is so pretty
laba come down and here we are top of
the rock dude look at that
all those mom not bad
alright we're about to do our drop Dale
is going dad you gone what's your name
dude Anthony he said that his buddy text
him two days ago and said Romans on the
island and now he's meeting me right
here to give me five let's see it
first time jump first-timer shake it in
your boots Ted
this guy's so good Newt he's doing like
triple flips what was that
where's Karl Karl's made it 20 minutes
later Karl's making his way to the edge
here he goes look at these crazy kids
over here kane and Konrad building a
fort and we are off and once again my
freaking did I get more Sun is my
Facebook rad it does it oh I don't know
man I'm paranoid I didn't not want to
get fried this early into the trip and
just be like in bed
peeling like a lizard you know what this
camera also does it makes you look like
you have sand on you what are these
things hanging out of these palms what
is that
come on blurry face there we go dude my
nose is red you guys you tricking me
okay I've never seen that a lot of you
guys probably already seen this before
but the rear view mirror on this car is
not a mirror it's a camera that is a LCD
camera look at that it doesn't matter
where you turn it that's who's behind us
I like it now but like the first dad
could music like
really nothing it's too close it looks
like people are hating you like it comes
in too close all it turns into a merit
that is all technology and see so it's
pretty great I'm a country singer now we
are running out to a place called Front
Street which is like some shops and like
what I don't know there's some cool
stuff that there's a tree than I
remember I want to show you guys
dad got a guitar uh-oh where'd you get
the guitar for Mr Attwood
where'd you get that um the guy surf
shop got it for me no way
spike there Devin Devin Devin Devin now
we get to listen to play guitar that's
amazing
laughs screaming kids need a break from
the water for a bit
look at that couch that's a lot of white
legs I swear don't hurt me
okay I won't get you Barbie I won't I
won't okay I'm going to the store and
I'll get you Oh Tinker Bell the little
flower girl not your uber car it's not
your okay you got to check out this tree
is crazy dude the craziest trip I've
ever seen in my life
watch out what's up bro just call right
guys probably a year and a half or so
ago we showed this tree in the vlog but
it is now doubled in size I don't think
it's gonna this is one tree this whole
thing is one free all of this let me
explain how this works the center tree
look at the branch you know and then it
brick it looks like they grow down dude
it can that guard out there yeah and
then it branches down there like yeah
set yourself this branch dude it comes
from here all the way across where we
can count turns into that tree yo this
is our next this is our next family
member right here dude one of these guys
more smile more I heard it teachers say
smile more we do not need another animal
at our house video begin that was a joke
but seriously I love I love these birds
so much so pretty yeah bird riding a
donkey under the camera this time
sweetly
boy Wow hey Jen needs a hat top sweets
on three great big smiles AJ and his hat
oh that's a shirt we're not married
oh so good yeah that's pretty it's
smells incredible do you smell it
yeah I can smell it smell it bean a
little piece of place called Lahaina
pizza we actually ate here when we can't
we pretty much just reenacted our entire
last trip
yeah you didn't but you guys know she
crazy pizza all the time plus they've
never been Carl Tam it's never been so
good
I'm not eating you throw the party
Tootie okay so sometimes on vacation I
get really girly drinks everybody says
this is strawberry colada
it's like pina colada with strawberries
in it she said this flowers should we
share the power
no there's alpha one that I can't
tell Felicia sweet girl quoting him
well you are you gonna hide now you even
chased me around all day look at her hat
she's rocking it only the second person
that I've seen on the island with a
small more hat two people today wearing
one of these on this island thank you so
much high five seriously it makes my
whole like my whole day can you you
couldn't cover up that beautiful hair
man look at you I know you put pride
into that is it a Maya tourists now they
might fit in yes
you fit in now I like it yeah alright
guys we are warping into that bedtime
mode you have a good day man really fun
listen let's watch yourself tomorrow you
ready no you know yeah it's gonna be a
surprise yeah maybe maybe cliffhanger
club banger
a little bug what's he playing you
putting games I think we're all little
zombies right now let's see what time is
it at home
three thirty one in the morning at home
Cain it's already tomorrow are you tired
right Yeah right use me out in one
second okay I'm gonna say good bye guys
um thank you so much for hanging out
especially not just today but on the
whole Hawaii trip sometimes when we
leave home I know you guys love us being
at home and it's amazing to see you guys
come along with us no matter what we do
as a family no matter where we go you're
here with us you're a huge part of what
we do you're a huge part of our lives
and I can't say this enough thank you
for being here
you were awesome you are one-of-a-kind
you're beautiful beautiful you're one of
a kind we love you guys so much you are
beautiful you are one of a kind smile
mwah
you
