okay here we go
welcome to the vlog guys we are in what
part of Michigan anybody know where
we're actually headed how-how-how
Michigan I don't know if that's right
yeah we're close to Detroit north of
Detroit
I bought a bunch of extra hard drives a
two terabyte and a one so there's no way
we're gonna use all that I got Matt here
he's a pinball fish tank Claude Todd
Anthony on the wheel what's up man we're
on a mission today to do something a
little different than what Matt and I
would normally do together and we are
gonna blow something up we are gonna
shoot a lot of guns
it sounds exactly so maybe we are doing
the exact same thing but there's a twist
and we have a company coming bringing
something really special for us it's
gonna make this really fun I think we
got a car to blow up to plants out of
its hauler
it's Lance it look Lansing exactly look
you can't see what look Detroit see that
Lansing I don't know where we 30 today
guys yeah we right there
all right we've arrived I see a Chevy
Blazer back there kind of looks like
where we live that might be it kill you
it will hurt the whole time you're dying
oh good
whoa all the way up that's a pretty good
- what's up buddy
you're a cool dog Wow
we got Jonathan for binary axe he was
the one in Vegas and we were like you're
from you got he was the one that helped
us blow up the taxicab in Vegas what's
up I knew we would hook up I brought you
everything everything all kinds of
high-speed cameras for you today yes
play with we are working on camera
angles in the things we can do today
he's got this big pond
lots of explosives I've never seen that
done in water so it should be pretty
amazing we got a blazer back here that
we're gonna try to do a full flip it's
the Blazer flip challenge so we got real
experts here today happen make this
perfect let's hold water
yo Matt how's them waterproof boots then
you can walk anyway I just went right
through that with my
converse its survival mode man check
this up it's mine
this is my real survivalist hat look at
that you brought wool socks prepared a
section for gloves old hey buddy what's
up
that is a big dog yesterday I forgot to
show you guys what was in this box I
wanna go and open it I have the slickest
boots ever on it's the bottoms are like
skates dude I'm gonna eat at 100% today
wow dude I look good today I'm just
gonna say it now I look I look good
today
you guys remember sha sha I was holding
this guy check this out it is a handheld
flamethrower get that oh man dude I'm in
ice skates look at the bottoms this is
called a our have you ever seen a are
what I watch it's gonna be crazy it's
gonna look like it's really coming out
of the sea that you can actually almost
feel them on your hand they're a little
bit not watch when they go back inside
close your hand close your hand are you
gonna keep them in there now watch this
almost like they're gonna come alive now
flip it over okay pull your hand hold on
tight and flip it over
so these guys got a bus to that
apparently you can like shoot out of put
cameras in all right let's sink it out
yeah
little heater we haven't done anything
with it we are getting right into it's
freaking cold so we just want to hustle
today we're gonna move what is that
that's a bow that is ridiculous
this should be beautiful I've never seen
anything like this in the water so this
would be my first time and then we have
of course some awesome camera shooting
like crazy slow well on this uh
absolutely beautiful camera and we
shooting that pond a new nickname
breadstix to go under names breadsticks
52 that was 50 pounds it felt like a
mill your face was so priceless I wish I
had your face
propane tank okay here we go yo that was
unbelievable you see that tank is like
out of sight
I can't wait to see that was pretty good
okay so this is what I've been wanting
to do this is point blank Barrett 50
verse bag of flour we have the most
expensive camera equipment in the worst
weather town okay here we go
safety first
a miserable is right now got us out here
freezing yeah look what he did to that
bag oh my god he pulverized that took
four hours to do it but you know he did
he did could he use a box cutter he
wanted her open good flour it actually
looks like you cut it before it shot out
there you'd actually get a good look out
of it your vans freezing dude my hands
are gone yeah you got this Anthony you
hit it what'd you think of that
it's a hot you know I mean try that's
the lowest other one I have is attached
to the tank so I didn't wanna bring that
one out that's the bread sticks you
don't saying yeah cause of some
breadsticks
we're struggling a little bit with the
weather today my lips are numb it's hard
to even top thanks for bearing with me
and watching yesterday's vlog I wasn't
too excited to upload it my Energy's low
and I just not myself and that's that's
kind of the part I struggled with
yesterday but I feel a lot better today
just getting out and doing things that I
enjoy doing and I just don't think I'll
ever be able to thank you properly for
how much you do for me and how much you
really have gotten me through some of my
hardest times thank you so much guys
seriously our next project is we're
gonna try it you know how you play flip
bottle you take the bottle you try to
flip it in at lands we're gonna try to
do that with this SUV the idea here is
that we have two boxes full of surprises
we're gonna attempt to shoot each box at
the same time making the Blazer do a
full flip landing on its wheels cast
your votes right now guys is it gonna do
a full flip I don't know I know the
power of this stuff can easily flip it
it's whether it hits at the same time or
not both guns at the same time
I think it is gonna be nice a warm house
Blazers going up to mrs. Oh Ziggy duck
dude mud from the blazer hit my camera
that is crazy that visa tire flew from
the blazer you gotta wash it how'd it
look we missed the shot no no no my
friggin battery died right when the
money I bet if we look closer you'll see
the mud hit the screen look at that
never ever had a battery died right in
the middle of the action man that is bad
timing
Oh what what oh my gosh that's not good
dude I'm saying I know a guy in New York
he'll take care of it who fix it 20
bucks no 20 rewire the engine or door
out I hope that out it's you wanna do
you want it doing it this way or you
want a landscaper
it's portrait yo right when the
explosion went off my camera died
wait wait you guys just need my help
ready play that father cheatin that's
what happened caught her cheating and
caught her cheating this is what happens
look same company you know how we end
this with that flamethrower oh yes we
need that flamethrower
cuz there's still good upholstery in
there oh my gosh you know I'm a
successfully found somebody that may
have neighbors I hate them more than my
neighbors New York I got something for
you this is all Anthony right here I
brought this one just for you man you
ready whoa that's a golden Desert Eagle
now you gonna hold it sideways or hello
I mean how else do you shoot a gun this
is the safety yep please look it up you
go up to shoot now it's live ready you
ready to pull Wow alright guys we are
working past some time we have packed up
we have we've survived the weather check
this out
well I know what you're thinking Todd
you're jealous you're jealous that is
all the man that's me in another four
years for real every day ready I think
it's safe to say that we're gonna blame
weather for kind of a lot of failure
today I still got mud smashed into this
camera so much mud did you see that I
didn't see your video no I can't wait to
watch on tomorrow's vlog please
subscribe please subscribe I getting
that out what you don't think Oh up what
you're gonna get that up tonight I'm not
gonna get back into like 11 I finished
it five in the morning all right
5 a.m. guys and I'm with dedication you
gotta live it own it I'm gonna be honest
I did not get the slo-mo shots that I
wanted today and not even close
and we struggled the weather was awful
we still had a lot of fun though we had
a lot of fun and it was good to get out
of the house and hang up some friends
and friends on Facebook yeah not like
real life not real life friends business
friends
we had fun man we had a lot of fun I
don't know how it translates on camera
but thanks for hanging out with us we
are gonna find some food and head home
about a five-hour drive by the time we
get home we'll be fine eyes dude you see
all that man I missed it it's like five
minutes look at all this man
yeah there is a ton of accidents bikes
like five cars over there crash though
the weather is unbelievable crazy I'm
gonna come up here what we like our best
driver Anthony man did you now calling
me breadstick that's my nickname now
breadstick
now we got pinball fishtank want our
dough we got fish tank
involve time real name is crazy now keep
it under 25 oh man look at that bridge
it's iced over
that's the old accident CR backwards we
have made it back we're loaded up it is
what something good also snowing
my man thank you I'll see you tomorrow
any time so we are headed a home look at
the snow is it's like a dude he's got
Marsh put it full Drive
alright guys it is current date in the
vlog last night happened how'd you sleep
good myself really really good thank you
for asking that the snow has stopped we
do get a little bit a little bit do we
almost had enough to take you sledding
before you left man you ever been poked
like going sledding we could I think we
still could no I think I mean as long as
the grass has something on it you will
slide okay I'm gonna say goodbye now so
I can start today's vlog thank you guys
so much for hanging out with us I we
will uh we will see you tomorrow
thanks again for being here you are
beautiful you are one of a kind smile
you
