today my only goal is to inspire you to
take on your day go to bed feeling
amazing
wake up taking over your life right now
I've got Gary Vee with me which is you
know to me up there with the top dogs of
inspiration motivating whether you want
to start a business whether you just
want to feel better about yourself Gary
is the man I know you guys always say
that I lift you up but I brought in a
little extra support than that so the
only thing we're doing right now for
however long this video is is our goal
our only challenge is to lift them up
that's it that is it so strap in sit
back take a deep breath and let's just
dive right into some just feel good and
take on your day so wrap so just in case
you don't know my audience I strive to
have family yes
mom dad's kids watching so how do we
lift the family together how do we lift
maybe a troubled family a parent kids
going through a tough time where do we
start I think I think look first of all
hello everybody and here we're gonna
take a cam talk to Rex sure you guys
understand how flattering this is
because it's kind of so special so even
though part of this is ridiculous hello
real quick I was born in the Soviet
Union I lived in a student you know this
is a fancy place right now when we first
came to America I lived in a studio
apartment smaller than the office I'm in
right now with eight family members you
know immigrants from Belarus the former
Soviet Union
we had nothing my mom is my hero my my
dad taught me work ethic like my brother
and sister of my heart like first and
foremost the thing that I think we all
have to establish here on YouTube all
together right now is truth the biggest
reason people struggle in my opinion is
they don't say things because they don't
want to hurt somebody's feelings in the
short term but they create long-term
vulnerabilities bigger problem right now
there's two family members watching this
on YouTube talk to them yeah well no no
it's like I'm like right now there's two
of you watching or there's one watching
downstairs in the room what was
one watching upstairs right like
somebody's in the den right now in the
computer and somebody else is on the
phone and there's one conversation that
both of you need to have with each other
you both know it and you're scared to go
there because the short-term burn is so
scary yet you're creating a
vulnerability in the long term
relationship so if we're talking about
lifting up if we're talking about
winning if we're talking about being
happy you have to take poison out of the
system and sometimes poison it's a
powerful word sometimes poison is just
the things that are unsaid so I implore
you if we you know to me if we're doing
this video to me it's like can we get
somebody to do something that they know
they have to do I would give you the
courage to no over communicating to the
people you love gives always the right
thing in the end
man you guys ready this is deep this is
almost turning into a challenge video at
this point which is great that's super
challenging no when you think about you
know just speaking nice like I you know
this is so real right let me like you
you love me Chuck right and sometimes
love manifests in wrong short term
behavior there's no part of love that's
easy to begin with it's a challenge that
was a beautiful thing to say it's it's
always a challenge it's always a
challenge and for me when you love when
you love deep when you start a new
relationship of love like if truth is
always gonna win and so for me I just
couldn't you know I'm dribbling down
back in the same thing I just said a few
minutes ago please tell somebody the
truth you will oh you know cuz here's
what happens so many people regret later
on and and truth comes in many forms let
me go a different direction
one of the biggest truths on youtube
today hey it's me Gary again so many of
you are doing things to make your
parents happy in the short term and
you're being a wonderful you're so
thankful for your mom and dad working
hard providing for you and so you're
about to do something go to a school
start a sport date somebody take a job
create a career for yourselves mainly on
the back of what you think your parents
want and you think that's the right
thing to do when deep
you know that you want to sing or vlog
or start a company selling pillows and
you're scared to tell somebody you love
who's done so much right for you
this isn't I'm mad at you dad this is
dad you've been so amazing to me that
I'm gonna be a lawyer because you've
been the best even though you hate law
let me add something I don't want to
touch on that because I come from a
family business I worked in a factory
for twelve years out of high school and
I wanted to make videos there was no
money in videos there was no at all but
sometimes your parent even though you're
scared of mom and dad or whoever you
think you don't want to tell they're
actually there to back you up every step
of the way and that's where I was I
worked for my family I was so afraid to
tell my mom and dad that I couldn't work
for them because he needed me it was
like a family business I I was expected
to be there but at the end of the day my
family were the ones that sat me down
said stop coming here focus on YouTube
and now with that that was like boom I
got on I gotta get in here that is rare
that is rare it is rare and so I'm
jumping in because I may be the case
attend me but let me play a different
thing because I know it's four to four
to twelve percent of you for the other
ninety six eighty percent of you if
that's not the case that's okay too
because he thank God was so lucky to
have such a delicious situation but some
of you may have to have a little
sourness for a month for a year but let
me promise you one thing about parents
one thing I promise you in the end if
you are happy they will be so happy to
be wrong you may have some friction in
the beginning but if you're so confident
that you're the best pillow salesperson
or your strawberry jam business is gonna
be remarkable or you have the greatest
Instagrammer of all time in the end if
you achieve they will be the happiest to
give a toast at your 40th birthday say
about my daughter she was right I wanted
her to be a doctor she was right
she's the Instagram raspberry Queen hey
your parents always wants to see you
succeed
always and even if they were wrong at
one point when they see you make it or
try it they're gonna they're gonna
or you listen I'm gonna go to a police
intelligence I'm going to a place that
maybe is more unpopular and listen
there's no percentage of parents out
there that don't that you know
unfortunately through their parenting or
circumstance there's a misery loves
company sure there's a regret yeah it
happens it happens and that's okay too
being the you want a real message you
want to really be happy being the bigger
person in every situation even that
means with your parents that is a very
special gift that could be a framework
of happiness so ease I I'm an
outrageously happy person because I
basically think everything's on me and
regardless of what people do in the
comment section in real life in the game
I'm always capable because of my inner
happiness to rise above and be the
bigger person even then everybody
watching and there's a lot that watch
your world everybody watching would say
no no Gary you're right why are you
saying sorry because having the capacity
to be the bigger person is the ultimate
strength in life Oh Dan your back pocket
I want to go another direction a lot of
my viewers you guys are young some of
you are very young and you think that
you're at a low point in life right now
it's something you know to us as adults
is very silly but at that age at your
age you could be what you think is just
the lowest point in life right now and
maybe some of you are at the lowest
point in life I want to talk about I
laugh at some of some of my worst parts
in my life where I thought like this is
it like I'm done I now laugh about it
it's mine and how is that possible right
like in and how and how that giant
problem that I literally thought was the
end of my world becomes a huge blessing
it becomes the reason that I'm sitting
where I'm sitting how is that possible
how do i how do i explain to them that
their their low point is actually
creating their there you know I'm gonna
jump in here like you know for me it's
very interesting like on that note guys
I actually don't have judgment that I
think adults often do to a teenager
because we've lived it we've been in
sixth grade got picked on and it feels
like the end of the world and when
you're 20 or 30 or 40 you're like wolf I
wish I had those
right but what I realize is that life is
a hundred percent about perspective
if you losing your copy of two k-tel at
your friend's house is like the worst
thing that's ever happened well that's
what it is today and so here's what I
would say I think there's two core
things I think about when I think about
people feeling like they're at their
lowest at a young age number one somehow
you have to and maybe it's this video or
maybe it's something else realize you
haven't even started living perspective
of age is imperative you know if you're
ten knowing that you're gonna live for
another hundred years for a lot of
logical brings they're like oh my god
wait a minute I have just started and
even if the next ten years are not great
I still have my entire life right number
two and this is the big one I don't know
how my mom did this I don't know if it
was because I was an immigrant but
somehow getting to a place where your
opinion about yourself matters more to
you than the opinions of others about
you that gets really crazy I don't know
why I thought I was the best even know
who my classmates told me I wasn't or
anything else
how are you capable of hearing your own
voice instead of somebody else's valuing
somebody's opinion about you over
yourself that will always be a bad thing
whether you're 12 21 or 120 to starting
the process of having conversations with
yourself that you want to feel good
about your actions I feel incredible
that I left popularity on the table in
high school because I wasn't willing to
pick on people I can think of 45
different events in my high school years
that if I was willing to cross the line
of picking on somebody that I I know I
love it I love it I love belonging to
him that if I was willing to you know
pick on somebody I would have been more
popular with the popular kids today
those same popular kids are messaging me
on Facebook saying that they are
inspired by the fact that I did that and
they know why I'm now successful because
they were there in 1991 and watched how
I behaved when it was hard to be a good
dude nice guys finished first
don't let anybody trick you otherwise
first of all I'm having a blast with you
like legit like it like you guys are
used to me talking to you guys it's nice
to sit back and listen I'm taking the
same advice so this is incredible I do
want to touch on I also always push you
guys to start doing what you want to do
this is something we all struggle with
this all the time I have I have a list
right now of things that I've personally
been procrastinating forever like why
don't I do these things I always tell
you guys to just start like this is a
famous that quotes like imagine if you
started last year imagine where you'd be
if you started last year right I want to
touch on that how how do I get how do we
get you to do what you should have
started last year take it away so I
think it comes down to practicality I
where is it right there that the first
book I wrote which basically became this
beautiful man's life which was I
predicted the internet was gonna be big
and that YouTube was a place people
could live on and people laughs if you
go be the original reviews of on Amazon
people like this is baloney so it's like
really fun to watch let me give you a
very simple answer to this it comes down
to practicality do you not damage
empathy I have for so many of you that
have college debt that have a mortgage
that have bills to pay that are working
nine to seven five days a week like and
and then people like it's easy for
people say go live your life live your
dream right I have no interest in that I
have interest in practicality and what
is practical in today's internet world
is that from 8 p.m. to 10 p.m. if you
want to go do and build if you want to
build a company around your passion of
Star Trek or soccer or your deep
knowledge of every Netflix show like
whatever you love in life the fact that
you can start an Instagram account a
podcast a YouTube channel or buy bulk in
China and sell it on Shopify and Amazon
whatever your hustle could be if you
realize it's practical to put an hour to
instead of possibly watching more
Netflix or playing a couple more video
games a little more fortnight or maybe
even watching videos on you
for you what I want for you is to
realize that one two three hours a day
that you can start in creating content
and building that business around your
passion maybe your passion is Alf that
hit 80 series maybe it is sly making and
selling that on Instagram the reality is
there is always time if you need it and
you want it and I said need it or want
it our grandparents did not have the
internet so when they had mortgages and
they had college loans and they had
responsibilities they just worked and
came home and never got to scratch that
itch we have the Internet and that 7 8 9
10 11 p.m. is what I scrutinized with my
friends and family and my community that
is complaining or dwelling or sad that
it's not going the way they want I do
put pressure on please please look at
what you're doing from 7:00 to midnight
instead of one more show or one more
book or one more video game put that
into you building your thing for you
because it actually is practical and you
can look up in a year or two and start
the process of maybe leaving that job
and starting your passion I love it you
know I love what you just said because
it's it's it's 9 6 8 yeah it's 9:00 at
night
and we're you and I you and I have made
it by most people's standards truss
Friday night 916 p.m. and here we are
making and doing and hustling has
anybody ever have you ever have you ever
you have when somebody looks at you and
says you're so lucky
look I'll say this I will say this I
will say you're right unlucky because a
my mother is all-time you're right
I'm lucky I was born in the immigrant
and eats so much crow and lost so early
in life that I didn't fear losing
because it's how I started but if you
think I'm lucky because I've worked 15
hours a day in a family business for 15
years and left with nothing because you
know family businesses if until the
parents or grandparents die it's not
yours
I look like nothing I've worked my face
off Here I am 917
it's exactly right I do not feel lucky
of my accomplishments I feel lucky of my
circumstances interesting when people
come up and say dude you're so lucky you
made it it's like 10 years of my life of
sacrifice and everything just goes
through me like they have no idea what
it takes to get lucky so you're getting
me so motivated I had a high school
friend you met DME emailed me a couple
years ago on Facebook ins like problem
so and it's such the best way I'm so
proud of you
you made it you're so lucky and I
literally wrote a manifesto and I rarely
did this and this was back when I needed
to get one off my chest I'm like bro you
remember when you went to the Jersey
Shore every weekend and you guys hung
out with girls and drank beer and then
the time of your life and your memories
for life yeah I was stocking shelves in
a liquor store for 15 hours a day mm-hmm
it's hard for me to get excited and
motivated my luck I feel like you're
lucky you had all those memories okay I
kind of started the last three subjects
what you got what do you want talking
about guys I want to talk about
gratitude I think one of the ways a lot
of people like Gary how do you help so
many people get on a low point I'm like
by having them focus on what's amazing
you know I sit on the board of a charity
water when I really figured out that
there are tons millions of people in
Africa walking 7 miles for water British
literally Curtis for water you start
putting things in perspective I just
genuinely believe that if you're even
capable of watching this vlog you're
already in a very special place the
likelihood the odds of being born is 400
trillion to 1 400 you are more likely to
win the lottery seven times in your life
than actually being born
I want gratitude to become a pillar of
conversation in our society because you
have to be grateful you have to be
grateful for what you have
instead of worrying about what you don't
have for every car for money for fame
for jewelry for everything you don't
have you have so much and my
great-grandma Anja taught me a long time
ago if you've got health
you've got wealth and every day I'm so
grateful that the eleven people I love
the most were awake and born that day
I'm alive and not sick and not
terminally ill and didn't die and then
so every business problem every skinned
knee becomes so small because I'm just
so grateful for the thing that actually
matters it and here's the analogy you
know when you're driving and the like
police lights go on oh yeah and you're
think you're about to get pulled over
and then the cop drives past you and you
get so relieved and then for five
minutes you've got both hands on the
steering wheel right like you've got
both hands on the steering wheel and all
of a sudden you're like driving the
exact speed limit and then like 15
minutes later again you're going 15 over
and you're one-handed that's how I think
about this you have to stay grateful you
can't take things for granted we have so
much abundance in the world so much
opportunity and too many people crying
about what they don't have instead of
being so deeply grateful for what they
have so here's what I want to do I I
want to end this video right now with
right now like I want to send you guys
away right now feeling your absolute
best you got okay my right now is very
simple right now I'm an ask for two
because both are awesome okay right now
I want you to call somebody call old
school I want you to call somebody and
tell them that you love them that you
haven't done that for in the last year
number two how this started right now I
want you to go to twitter and at gary
vee me and i want to do something nice
for you tell me what I can do for you
and then I want you to do something for
somebody else I'm just gonna guess that
you guys are gonna want to see more
Roman and Gary like that is that did we
just start something listen I will fly
anywhere
anywhere Romina Geary is Roman engage
some boxes over here but all seriousness
guys I hope that you just feel a little
bit if you took anything from any of
this I just hope you feel better that's
the goal here today I'm gonna I'm gonna
say goodbye it's not a vlog but you were
beautiful you were one of a kind smile
