goodbye New York welcome to the vlog
guys did you have a good time in New
York City guys it's your first Tyler's
dad tested feeling I could have spent an
extra day in the city yeah I think we
rushed out we rushed out oh my god I got
I got kids
very quick trip for us blood dog we got
families to go back to the kids are we
tough too keen on face town this morning
he was going crazy Noah's texted me what
time you get home what time you get home
that even Zeus had called me up and the
family's ready so we're headed back
right now their best driver ever this
guy never gates an Escalade like a Mini
Cooper country you have a good time in
New York first time I've been in New
York I know I know it's a great
experience I was really lost all over
the city you know it was great now that
these people signed us up for that tree
that we were about to take those the
girls yeah the girls you guys know we
ate at his restaurant the other night
the girls wanted to get pizza to go so
he's hooking us up with pizza hey thanks
so much man make sure you guys are
inside we go here we go it's so now
there's still little snow if you want to
get me back if you if you want to pay
back I totally forgot about that life
that's cuz I knocked you out you have a
concussion and you remember when I beat
you at that drone shooting though okay
gross up up and away this weather is
insane I hope it is warm out if it is
this warm when we get home I'm putting
in an RC track tomorrow that's the first
thing I want to do I don't know what
I've been thinking dirt bike
four-wheeler tracks the morning thing
about it it's like an RC truck just dig
it and build it like half a day it could
it could it could double as a RC and
four-wheeler well one major perk among
flying with family on this plane is you
get to bring your own pizza
magic all good things must I don't want
to say that but we're headed up let's go
what happened we went to go meet up late
Oh three hours late I told you guys that
she wanted cookie dough so they went and
just went three hour wait to get inside
now what would have happened had it been
snowing outside they would wait
we've been up here he said Roman like
just disappear
he usually has a lot of stomach issues
but not lately
sorry sorry if he's on what stinking up
this bathroom um open in the door what's
he up to
I don't know
honey
what are you doing
hello your pants off whoopee
hey it's sunny in Ohio we got sunshine
that's rare it was one piece I did guys
that's it 13 days gone down the drain I
had pizza it's still pizza I let
everybody down probably I made it a long
time
but I'm not giving up I just I treated
myself on that plane okay love you okay
I didn't know this but apparently
there's something called a relief - it's
on that plane it's for men to urinate
and it's a tube and I didn't get to see
it but maybe next hi sweetie
you got your ice cream huh Zeus mister
hoverboard walking in hey mama
did you lose me baby I missed you too
can you make all these paintings dude
Cain Cain Cain this guy's cool
was he dabbing yeah so much
I need official super hug from a boy
wait one that way
hello Jonny Baba see this donkey you're
not coming out no I love you - hi mama
thanks for everything we love you I love
you too apparently apparently flash has
not been coming inside he wants to
literally live with the DA he loves the
donkey it's his best friend now he looks
like he's been partying in here man look
at you dude is that your best friend
flash apparently they uh they haven't
even on get flash inside the house like
at night when it's time for bed flash
sleeps on this porch Oh a rope back here
and stuff and tools they kept this place
looking clean yeah
soft and not soft at the same time so we
don't have any electric in here yet
we're getting electric hopefully this
week so have light and everything for
him but he don't seem to mind he seems
to be chill flashes still out there
flash he won't come in he just hangs out
out there oh sweet oh geez they did give
you a lot of hats oh my gosh that's the
plane that that we took it's just not he
actually looks worse doesn't it can't
you just put on your finger rub it on it
doesn't really hurt anybody's grow my
beard out you won't go to see it you
know what I mean baby this is this is me
growing my beard out guys it's about as
good as I can get it I think you have
probably a better chance of growing a
beard before I do like for real
there's some like 15 year olds with more
fish just exactly where yours are is
where mine are oh well there's a good
chance you got he's not gonna fall for
that go in your room
I know get it away I know what you're
about to do go in your room hey pick out
two things okay bring me two things no
you have to pick out two things isn't
gonna cool I'm sure of it
oh I've got both my things I've got both
my things I got both my things while we
were at Toy Fair there was this cool
product called my first lab I think it's
my first lab smartphone inspector
Inspector Gadget doo doo doo I had to
beg the guy at the booth to give me one
of these we're gonna put objects under
it you guys gotta guess what it is you
ready I want I wish you guys could guess
there's another you who's that flash eez
boy
easy flash she's like who are you maybe
I just show you the object is there's no
way are you gonna ever guess what it
actually let's just do one for example
let's do this we're gonna do this
Diamond skull keychain
okay you ready check this out yeah yeah
please I can't oh yeah so my phone keeps
blacking out which is really weird it's
not it doesn't whoa are you under your
mask it is it crazier what my hair right
here okay yeah you look at the hair ah I
don't know what my phone's doing that
does anybody else's do that so you have
to lift it up to get it to come back on
how about Zeus's tennis ball let's do
Zeus's tennis ball ready
hang on sit wha so I'm trying to look at
your ball watches Wow look at your balls
is that is supercool try my best to show
you guys this but my camera only focuses
either close or far away so I'm like I'm
trying my best
yeah here yeah maybe that's better if
you actually hold it try this bright
color II that is awesome dude come try
Noah's funke's Mike you shutting off
like it's so weird there we go
whoa whoa Fred Brittany's tattoo I mean
really
that's weird my tiny little hairs that
yeah all right there I find it all skin
hunters artists that's pretty much
awesome it you could it makes me want
like a big microscope like zoom all the
way in yeah
it is fascinating to see like what the I
can't see without a tool it's amazing
last one do the crack of my thumb like
right there yeah that's crazy
what is it guys what is that
this is toenail your toenails this
alright so we are guys we're gonna wrap
it up tonight I don't know how long this
plug is I've been putting out some
pretty decent 16 15 17 minute blog so if
this one's a little four please forgive
us we're home we're gonna hang out we're
gonna play games maybe watch a movie I
doubt it but that's like perfect like
dream world for me right now is just lay
back watch a movie with my little
ready Zeus no look oh thank you guys so
much for traveling with us joining us on
whatever we do it was a fun weekend I
can't believe now that I'm home it feels
like I didn't even leave it's just like
boom I hope and truly hope that you guys
are working on something that you want
to do in the future I hope that you're
using these vlogs for just even just a
pinch of motivation if you've been on
this channel long time then you've
watched me grow from basically nothing
it's where I am now I encourage you to
find something that you love to do and
then get it go after it go for it please
please just the best thing to do is just
start whatever it is that you want to do
like Zeus is starting to put his ball
right here if you didn't do that I
wouldn't throw it terrible analogy but
it's true you've got to just start guys
I think it's pretty clear in my daily
videos that we're constantly doing
things to better our future the kids
future we're always just doing new
things and a lot of things fail and we
do other things and it's just we just
keep evolving and we keep doing as much
as we can and I hope that you just take
a little inspiration out of that and
know that if I can do it you can do it
trust me on that we love you guys thanks
for being a part of these daily videos
sharing them like it on whatever you do
is just absolutely amazing we will see
you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
