hey guys welcome to the vlog I may have
mentioned in yesterday's video that
something came in that I really wanted
to do I feel like it's possible that I'm
like the last uploader youtuber creator
whatever to get these and I have waited
so long
how's it going everybody good did you
tell your hair oh okay all right
how we doing how many orders you guys
get out yesterday out the door 13 how
many you gonna get done today what
happened
okay yeah it's not Bubba's you guys are
killing it okay these two boxes maybe
maybe you can say I didn't open it I did
peek in it somebody open this it wasn't
me but once I did I tried to peek in and
get a glimpse these these finally came
in guys I feel like it's been an entire
year since I ordered them and once I
open them oh yeah those so I maybe I
just take them inside it's not fun out
here am I going sign that the kids rip
them open by the way that's an
incredible number thirteen hundred
orders to get out good job really good
seriously okay I'm gonna go everyone's
sitting right here is responsible for
your orders so the reason they get get
out we didn't have a lot of people even
even Brit worked out here shipping
yesterday so it was a big day hi buddy
hi buddy
hey no you're not gonna talk Wow flash
you know um I don't want to go too far
without thanking you guys for
yesterday's support I did a terrible
terrible job like literally even like
uploading the video I was like I
shouldn't even post this cuz I did such
a bad job explaining this thing
yesterday and I'm really just glad it's
behind us I didn't really want to talk
about it but I just want to thank you
guys for the support on that oh you're
gonna want to see this little baby girl
quit asking her that did she just say
yeah she wants a pig oh my gosh you're
brainwashing her I need my boys and my
little buddy
gonna open it see what's in there oh now
he wants to talk come on bud you so
today off camera has been a very
emotional day it's been I know Cora
we're gonna get it I want to open it -
what's he doing what's he doing
ah oh you just couldn't give him any
camera time could you been a bit of a
rough day emotionally it's just been
rough huh like no lie
I can I can tell by your eyes that
you've been crying today I'm so bummed
about that so as soon as I open these
boxes you and me are gonna go break our
diet and get some pizza you go with that
go ahead go ahead
can you open it okay I was waiting on
nobody's not coming down dun dun dun dun
what is that cor what is that on for the
whole family
stop stop with the pig videos you
getting everybody hood King is that cute
don't let mommy get a pig the only thing
you pet pig your team we're team no Pig
over here T no pig arrears yeah they're
cute oh my god imagine you're trying to
take a bath and that thing jumps in flea
flicker everyone just forgot about my
awesome boxes over here you guys are
watching pigs all right now let's rip
this baby open uh so like I said I'm
probably one of the last to get these
you open it why do I think of it why do
I keep doing the Terminator theme song
every time I read it you're not so
boring customers or lawyers I'm so gonna
do the shipping research we can't no
your glorious propane fuel to make it up
make it up to you we've included some
cold hard cash so you going down to your
local store and stock up on the nice
c3h8 came with five bucks cane
look let's borrow bills nobody eat lawns
isn't giving us money dude I love this
guy alright for those of you that don't
know I'm sure everybody's seen these by
now but this is
baby hey bunk this is fun
get it the cool looks cool it's like
futuristic what is that Cora yeah it's
not a pig you could cook a pig with I'm
just
well Cora likes the box you like the
foam you like it little torch yeah why I
got two oh maybe Christmas so we got to
get the propane goes in there and then
the bottle sits here that's next
it just looks yeah it's literally just
the torch it's not even really a
flamethrower I don't think really it
shoots a big flame it's just not like
our other one this is like just like a
torch
well yeah you know for Kate lighting
candles instead we'll see we'll see I'm
gonna get the propane tanks today
I love now everybody has their own
things she's doing the instruction box
playing with the phone the fire all
right well we're gonna we're gonna find
out a little bit later
all right well as much as I want to play
with these right now we do got to get
propane tanks and I gotta take this
little girl out so come with me come
with me lady
oh you Colin you'll lock my phone
probably and so crazy chill I actually
just found my email of ordering this two
of them thousand bucks was on January
30th this year 2018 so it actually was
an entire year but I'd never felt like I
was waiting on this thing forever so
it's cool to get it we're gonna play
with it later I don't know you guys can
tell me what you'd like to see me do
with it because as of now I don't know
I'm just gonna plug it in and give it a
shot okay
me and mommy will be back
ready okay looks like I know what you're
doing for the next time be back I'll be
back flash hey you want me bring you
something you got to say it you gotta
say it you want me bring some okay cool
blew up the road okay so this might
sound super blurry I can tell now this
probably sounds pretty stupid but Bret
and I have been eating very strict like
her trainer brings us meals every day
and that's all we eat and it's very
proportioned it's very like this place
is busy so today we're not supposed to
we're cheating on our meal prep she
didn't bring it today
that's our excuse we have a real excuse
she didn't bring our food to achieve
this kind of emotional days a little
rough nothing even nothing even like
talk about the real reason sometimes you
just need to cry right no baby we are in
trouble
hard guys she's not what do you cheat
with on the ultimate like you can eat
anything you want right now what is it
mine oh it actually says it right here
right there you know cuz I got two
orders of cheesesteaks but cheesecakes
my weakness what about you three thumb
okay was it worth it it was worth you're
in a bedroom like I can see it in your
face you're in a better mood we are off
now to tomorrow is Thanksgiving
it's literally think it's Thanksgiving
if you're watching this today I uploaded
it Happy Thanksgiving
for those of you that celebrate
Thanksgiving we are we got to go home
and prepare for that because we have the
family over at our house for
Thanksgiving so that's where this vlog
is heading right now baby
load it up the whole cards put it all in
let's just forget this diet stuff and
just let's go the opposite way all right
can I pick this one out for you break
your brain oh boy we all reaping the
rewards of this diet break yeah okay
back home you got these cookies Britt
ordered for Thanksgiving tomorrow these
little pumpkin pie cookies dude it's
amazing
I like the Leafs a lot too they see
they're custom made cookies they're made
locally here so that's really cool I
know she's like ice cream sharks do you
like ice cream now just like more more
more more MORE
feed my brain wait is that just you're
just gonna eat it just like it oh it's
good no I got you ice cream and a sub
gotta get them little speaker things
know what come downstairs right now
immediately it's an emergency
goodies - he's - you know do you girls
doing Shea no no girl pictures no
paparazzi no paparazzi oh you thirsty
ice cream makes me thirsty - there you
go all right we got to get in the spirit
of things
it's Thanksgiving tomorrow we need
decorations chairs tables we like we got
a whole evening of making this place
look good and then Friday I don't know
what happened to me you guys may
remember way back when when I wasn't
like this but now I'm counting the days
to set up that Christmas tree and get
into the Christmas tree I'm pumped about
I'm ready to listen to some Chris
music I used to hate Christmas music hey
who do I like who do I love Mykel blue
blue blue bootleg do not put that on the
fireplace island it's go time
that's Friday that's all I want to do
Friday so tomorrow's Thanksgiving and
then the next day I want to literally
put up our Christmas tree and get this
place looking like Christmas I noticed
some of you that's like cuz I used to be
like that now maybe I'm just getting
older that I'm just ready for it I'm
like get the kids always and get flash
all excited you are the only one I know
that drinks G fuel with a straw what
look at this package I got this last
week and I've already taken so much out
of it but G feel sent me like the
ultimate hookup on just about I don't
know so many flavors look at all this
look at all this what is that - what is
that - what is yeah that's a pill baby
yo it's your dog too tired during the
day is he just sluggish and won't do
anything the new chow fuel B fuel is
running buy a tub get a tub free all
weekend Friday through Monday Black
Friday through Cyber Monday buy a tub
get a tub huge sale edge so now now is
the time guys honestly if you've been
wanting to try the G fuel I mean you
know I love it genuinely love it I drink
it every single day
they are and have been amazing sponsors
for us I just love the product and
they're running an awesome sale Friday
through Monday if you'll get by tub get
a tub free so that's the time baby get
them Christmas gifts get it going
we all drink it now everybody drinks it
down my house it is so funny except for
he doesn't need it we don't hate it all
G fuel link will be in the description
guys check it out huge sale
if you've been wanting to try G fuel or
you just need to restock your g feel now
it's the time to get it seriously it is
that's a huge huge deal if you know
anyone that has an all pink baby why you
gotta hit it like that
I wanted it well oh yeah I think I'm now
like I'm like a veteran that's you guys
already know I had all this before I was
sponsored like legit okay not that they
sent me that and they sent me that but I
had a big collection bring your G fuel
we got work to do I am had one since
this morning
we got a crawl down into the basement so
thanks for hanging out with us today
guys we are in holiday mode baby it's
almost that time mo flash
come on baby why is he so afraid of the
steps come on flash oh my god there's
just a random arm laying down here check
out my watch it's got a smile more on it
sweet then working on the basement a lot
it's really coming together
it looks nice a little more comfortable
we got this room in here you know
everything's coming along and then you
have where we put our decorations and
our holiday stuff and it's a disaster
it's that section that whole section up
there hey where was this from where's
is the Bahamas there's one inoa these
are awesome pictures
this isn't stingrays that's Punta Cana
that's Prince a can of baby look at this
classic all right here little ant V oh
you guys are so cute looks like mama
alright get that even labeled it how
many numbers is there every one I got
it's like wow it's sparkly I'm so
excited for Christmas because of this
what is that
you see our dirty fish tank look at our
glass okay check this out so what you
want that huh
okay we're just looking at yo ladies
around your job I got you I got you
come on ready okay my camera will pick
it up but if we don't clean this glass
about once a week this it starts to you
know get this front on it but I want to
show you if you can see it on camera all
these little marks is from snails and
the starfish coming up on the glass you
know pretty crazy
it's disgusting just a look like this
watches ready we just cut the trail look
at that that's actually should never
look like that guys I'm sorry but some
of our corals are starting to grow into
the glass Todd came in and cut all this
out and I get it clean guys I get it
they don't care it doesn't matter in the
water boom there we go
all clean again I love these guys
beautiful man the ocean is our baby look
at that
look how pretty that is could watch them
all day what you got there you trying to
buy pig with $5 girl yes this pig that's
really not going away all right
decorations are coming along looks good
literally for tomorrow that's it because
we're gonna do Christmas on Friday this
looks nice this looks nice give thanks
what is that flower she blow it yeah
how's she know how to do that well did
you smell it oh boy did you like all the
Thanksgiving the one day decorations oh
did you show them yeah okay yep then the
Antho is just my like my favorite area I
feel like I feel like I need to like
save this for some special turn upside
was they look like toys well they're not
what are we doing another Thanksgiving
prank this year the turkey tomorrow I
think it's the blue
um just makes them look more see I
thought the tape I wanted to paint the
tanks black oh that would make it look
more or less like a toy and the kids are
just over here playing in the flower
less about my day yeah I've got two
flamethrowers
planted or what is that she's blowing it
dude she licked it did you like it oh my
god this is the cutest thing ever
no you're gonna turn into waka she's
trying to blow it
yep Korra yeah Korra Oh
ready ready just wavin say hi mom
wait I think you should go pretty far
away from the house if you're in try and
turn that on yeah go outside
honey I will back here
cool a lot more fire than expect yeah I
know first like a little tour Phoebus
alright you might now hold it
let's pray to her she can't sit and
she's gonna be the daddy's girl oh wait
why is it red that means it's on
probably red that's the boy look at that
you have a car that's hot just blows I
want to see it it's hot Jesse I ordered
you something for your bed today another
time another place you guys feel free in
the common some of what you think I
should do with this palm our friend palm
suggested that I make a giant rain and
jump the x3 through it now I'm a big fan
of that I think that's like a hit yeah I
guess a ring and that's totally separate
yes dumb idea
yeah it's dumb idea
say it yeah tell me what you think I
mean look I'm excited because I just got
these right but they've been around like
I know I'm like I gotta cuz I was like
oh I'm gonna get these do something cool
everything's been done so I'm just
excited to have him yeah rest of the
nights cooking in the kitchen preparing
getting flour literally on everything in
sight holy kay I don't even do this much
damage with the flour gun boom we gonna
guard dog good Flash's taking care core
in here keeping an eye keeping a close
eye on baby huh all right we're out of
here thanks for hanging out with us guys
I hope you have a wonderful Thanksgiving
we will see you tomorrow for our
Thanksgiving I'm excited we love you
guys you're beautiful one-of-a-kind
smile
you
