where is he
are you spinning are you spinning should
figure out how to get dizzy who is that
who is it was it hey guys welcome
welcome to a little venture vlog this is
gonna be most likely an adventure vlog
we are these two happens they've just
been spinning and dizzy and fall and
spinning and dizzy and fall there you go
yeah I wasn't sure I was gonna start now
or once we start traveling but they're
just so dead gone it's so hard to leave
hi you say it's been windy yeah oh do
you want to say hi say hi say hi look at
all didn't eat you got more teeth and
came now hi mama you ready for this
little trip trip trip
oh no no trip Oh where'd he go where'd
he go such a weird place to start the
vlog because we're on the move this is
kini Cora's painting yesterday and of
course got fantastic handwriting yeah
flash see you soon buddy give me five
good boy good boy good boy face is
healing up - he looks so much better
always late because of you it's you yeah
hey baby we got two hours - we need to
go no problem no baby we go hey baby
we're late we're 15 15 minutes behind ah
happy we haven't even
she's already over there if you guys
follow us on Instagram I think Twitter
pretty much all our social platforms we
in Brittany actually announced we were
blowing out a ton of our inventory
literally like we want to bring in all
new stuff and we have so much you know
old things so many old shirts old colors
things that are
we're really just blowing out some guys
right now on the smile Moore store all
t-shirts all tank tops are only ten
dollars ten box dudes so they're not but
they're on sale so we're moving a lot of
a lot of merch big discount perfect time
for Christmas presents birthday gift
school supplies all kinds of stuff
because we're bringing a lot of new
stuff in and we're out of space we're
gonna wipe our inventory out and start
new with some really cool stuff so yes
smile more all t-shirts tank tops
there's big sale and everything but
t-shirts and tanks are $10 people always
wanted one and you just never did it
now's the time a lot of things are
already sold out because we did do this
on social media
so if your size isn't sold out they're
ten bucks man perfect timing for the
holidays too but you literally you can't
yeah but like we have to be at the
airport right now I'm going by myself if
you're not out there one minute I can't
go without you
I got the hardest trivia question of all
time how many times that we film coming
to this Airport in the last five years
it's gotta be like it's a lot like why
even film when we travel now it's like
the same thing over and over but right
there
yeah true we're not checking any bags
that is rare we've never done that so I
just got a bag she got a bag quick trip
in and out all business you guys know
what catches me off guard still every
single day that is my wife if you're
think that I'm your husband does that
ever like do you still think like does
it hit you though like have you really
yours is more like a bunch of bricks
hitting you their minds like my husband
not my boyfriend anymore I think yeah
they're so long that like I still did
this day I'm not kidding I still have
thoughts that I want to marry her and
we're already married ood hi body what's
up dude you missed me already
mommy Cora hi baby
can you say hi oh my gosh
I want you to imagine this scenario
you're late cuz you gotta get to the
airport you got one of the kids crying
because he doesn't want mommy and daddy
believe and Cora really doesn't know
that we're leaving but it's hard to
leave the house alright we'll rush and
we're late we gotta get here right now
we're gonna we're gonna miss our flight
we're on our fourth flight delay we have
been sitting here for what feels like
hours dude the plate the airport's
closing there's almost nobody left in
the airport I'm glad we got here on time
I'm so glad not on me
- they're closing the airport they're
closing the airport again I think not
looking well is all right thanks looks
like our flight is they didn't say it's
canceled what he said it's not looking
well so yeah that's where we're looking
changing seats are pretty new boarding
passes there's six seats on an American
place yeah oh okay here's the update
apparently a flight that was coming in
that wasn't supposed to leave Columbus
is now is now picking us all up and
taking us to our destinations so it's
like a completely random I don't think
this happens very often but we're
getting on a flight just not the flight
we were supposed to get on and not the
flight that was supposed to leave
Columbus so I don't even know and they
just called all passengers so we're like
there's literally nobody in this Airport
okay just happen but we're out of here
by Columbus see what happens when you
stay positive you see what I wasn't very
positive in actually I was starting to
fail
Oh baby we made it we made it just it
got late all right here we go okay
got a little later than expected it's
already 10:30 p.m. which late but it's
kind of late for doing some things maybe
we would but we're here it's all it
matters we just need to be here for
tomorrow so we're good
either way let's get this show on the
road here we are whooping into the whoa
this is sweet we have arrived for a room
and it's we make it by 11:05 we beat
midnight I thought it was gonna be
midnight and we got this nice they'll
room right here this is perfect you're
perfect
yeah I don't want to waste too much time
here we're gonna literally clean it we
gotta get up early I'm no good at early
that's my kryptonite that's like that is
the worst thing for me we got to get up
early so we're literally gonna probably
wash that it's bed and just keep going
we're gonna continue this the whole trip
you want to say good night little girl -
good night
actually sleepy we love you guys um I
hope you're having a wonderful day an
awesome day like a smile baby it feels
weird cuz I usually be in and live
longer to keep this going so I just want
to lift you up a little bit and yeah
we'll see you guys in like a split
second here we go
good morning to you guys your morning oh
yeah my slump like absolutely so good
for the first time in two weeks I woke
up I said how did you sleep she was like
I slept so good I'm like huh
like almost hop when I lay my head down
I'm out and I can fall asleep
mid-sentence Brit like that's how fast
last night all night yeah so I'm a
little bit of a zombie but I'm so happy
you slept she has that good sleeper
couple weeks it's probably better you
than me honestly we are headed to visit
the GPO offices this morning and then
hopefully help you out I don't know
exactly what we're doing all day we have
some cool stuff planned then hopefully
hopefully hooking up with a friend of
mine later so let's just go let's just
see where the day takes us I'm feeling
great yeah what's his name what's up man
how are you good oh let's go all right
man so where are we at I started the
business 14 years ago and this actually
made it to a 400 square foot spot was
the inspire gamma lab this was your old
place the whole company and they were
building cars they were machine shops
back there and recycling plants and
there it was a mess
so one room at a time so you've grown as
people kind of laughed this that machine
shops closed down we're kind of expanded
and when we get to the rest of the tour
you'll see cuz we're a little packed in
here
this is kind of ops this is homegrown
yeah this is awesome man what's up
Montague has been drinking well video
masterminds right here what's up Nick
play what's up clay I see players
working on the doctor disrespect
rendering right now man coming in a
couple of days analytics that's out one
of our marketing directors our director
of social media yeah
and if our chief marketing officer plays
school I was gonna walk into like one of
them big skyscrapers downtown or this is
like a it's like what we have in our
back yard like yeah yes
Yard Man I was watching the jessica
video so there used to be a music studio
right here is my little plaza right here
so she used to be a divider or a solace
from that wall okay with a little tiny
closet that I'm kind of standing in what
used to be deposit and there used to be
guys that used to rent out these music
skiros it was chopped into little 15
sections and they were coming at night
who was empty very today so we got this
space and to save some money we've got
it in ourselves and then the process a
bunch of others expanding yeah did his
dog love you
I'm visiting companies and businesses
and watching them grow and like dude how
exciting to get an expansion to your
company as a business owner that feels
right that's progress you did before
moving up I remember moving into our
basement and that was huge yeah yeah
when you start in your living room and
you move to your basements exciting then
you get a building and then expansions
and this is awesome man so that's how
technology areas going shipping Wow
looks kind of familiar huh Wow so if
somebody has ordered gee feel this where
it comes from this is right now this is
the room so we do everything ourselves
pick pack ship we do our marketing
avatars I love there's nothing that's
what we've always done that's so I
actually didn't know that that's
incredible
it's awesome she does everything you're
not really you're not really doing
anything all right man you got his beat
on me in the kitchen this is this is in
the office this is sweet sorry small
more employees actually so I'm not
exactly sure what we're doing and we
playing fuel qalam so we don't know what
flavors are gonna be no I don't know
they're not even out no okay so we're
gonna be sampling gpo flavors that don't
exist yet this is how he figures out if
he shouldn't make them or not this looks
like some chemistry going on over here
first Milla this is what see you know oh
it is kind of gingerbready so they can't
stop that come out of this flavor is it
like I don't taste it I don't think I've
ever had an egg egg nog I don't think
I've ever ever not it's not it's let's
try it ready oh it could be fast right
he's got some kind of weird swear on its
nose one of those things like she loves
it it's good I was just thinking it's
good okay so I was a good night not to
sleep because now I'm ready to go I'm
pumped we just sampled a whole bunch of
flavors that don't even exist yet I'm
not gonna say what we've sampled but
they were really good some of them I
can't believe you haven't come out with
already some of them they're still in
the works but you know I think that's
what's cool about the company is so many
like I could love one and she can love a
different one and they have so many that
she's right I think the rest of that
maybe it's coming look out for that
color okay we are on the move that was
actually very inspiring to me I love
visiting business factories companies it
always inspires me like I'm like we need
this week
you wanted a horse oh I did I was like
those do factory tours on the wall I
just love him fascinating maybe because
I grew up in a factory you know my
family owns factories it's like I don't
know I fascinates me inspires me to to
see you know where they start and they
keep going and they get bigger and
bigger because how it works
so it's inspiring to me even walking in
gamma labs you feel it's like we need to
do that it's like you get ideas you know
inspires you it gives you gives you hope
we are headed now - they have a stream
house like literally a stream a house
they're doing a 24 hour stream I think
maybe we'll hop on there I don't know
see where the day takes this goodness
all right walking in warping over to the
okay you know you know that's pretty
cool when you have your own stream house
this is a house that all they do is
stream oh my this is you understand it's
from outer space obviously at this point
especially if you watched my last upload
we responsibly feel which is super
exciting for us it's fun but we're in
like their stream house right now we've
been doing interviews and like promo
clips and like everything you can think
of like right now a grandma's life okay
so we're in the New York area which is
known for pizza when you come to New
York even in the vlog you guys are like
you haven't had pizza unless you've been
in New York or like they have their own
style here right and he just said have
you had a grandma's slice I've never
heard of that old and wrinkly oh like
it's it's hands down my favorite slice
okay and New York's very thin slice
right hey Chicago is like deep-dish
there you go but this specific kind of
slice is a thin another thing and this
is this is called grandma slice called
grandma I'm pretty sure the first place
to ever do it
all around as well so I guess that's why
it's pretty popular here but it's a thin
slice there's a lot more sauce on it and
I can't even explain it's just in Milton
okay we're gonna give it a try what I
have you right of the GRANDMONT slice
what's your what's your favorite pizza
dude there's so much I'm actually more I
can't to say that I was gonna say I'm
more of a fan of thicker pizza every
time I come to New York it's super thin
well they have Sicilian slices that what
you think what do you like she just
likes pizza she is like sceeto like oh
yeah
definitely get you know I know like
pizza garlic bread dude yes yeah that's
good and you guys can taste it to the
camera wow this is a cool area just
jumped out to a little spot to do some
photos and feels like home looks just
like a spot that I used to pull all
these pranks in Columbus it was called
gosh what was the name of that park
Goodale Park big like water area like
this and we did all kinds of stuff in
there all kinds of stuff place has been
overrun by ducks and geese and subdued
you'd be an awfully vocal
no trouble dude look at all these guys
look at all these guys oh you don't have
to get up for me please no no no better
run Brett you better run Ray's coming
look at him he wants what's in your
purse he's like you want some fuel you
go get your Jeep
all right we are officially we've done
the New York Pizza today we're gonna do
a little dinner right now before I want
to pull something off today I don't know
if it's gonna happen but I want to pull
it off open this door for you too I want
so badly to do this video for you guys
it's it's kind of difficult about an
hour and 30 minutes away
this guy's so inspiring so motivational
and I just want to make it two
completely separate video like I just
want to make a video for you guys with
him but I'm about an hour and a half
away
Britt don't know if she wants to go and
we're like I don't know I just suck it
apart so many road trip so where we're
at right now is like we can either just
go back to town call a day or I can go
now and a half in a new verb and make an
entire video for you guys on the side
that's where I really wanted to do this
all right that one's mine
I'll see if that oh yeah it is she said
Jeep that's the pickup no she said she's
waiting outside laughs no maybe she is
she making out
she said I'm in the white Jeep is that a
Jeep that's the cheap are you laughing
at me and if it is I'm leaving we're all
down here that's not mine that's not
mine
that's not my over I'll see you at that
time I love you seem like four hours
all right so I came downtown New York
City you've been wanting to make this
video for a long time in the in the
opportunity just came out I was like I'm
gonna do this it's a separate video it's
not gonna be in the vlog I just want to
upload one video dedicated to inspiring
you guys and that's it I think this is
the perfect person to do it with it so
I'm pumped I'm excited I'm about to walk
in and let's go okay so I walk in I come
up the elevator so I see the logo and
I'm like this he's got his own side of
this skyscraper okay like the whole site
and then I get inside I mean he is the
whole floor the entire floor he goes all
the way around this building what when
you talk about just how big things can
get this is my point and like imagine
having the entire floor of a skyscraper
alright man we're walking in Gary my man
dude this is incredible it's actually
like when it's not 9:00 p.m. on Friday
I'm not kidding I felt like an alien
coming in this building you guys know
where I live and this is if I mean look
outside there's not this many lights in
my entire city that I live in I'm the
one building series the plan okay I
wanted to the story was I wanted to come
up with an inspiring video yes with
somebody okay I was browsing Twitter
video see your videos you know you're up
there yeah one of the top dogs when it
comes to lifting people you're on
Twitter
I went your profile you followed me yes
already yes what the hell I don't
I follow him huge was a huge mistake why
don't I fell so I follow Gary and he
deems me almost immediately like thumbs
up or something yeah and I knew I was
coming to New York and I was like me and
Gary we're gonna shoot like a 10 minute
like I just want to off-the-cuff inspire
you guys just raw like either start
their day incredible or go to bed
feeling like tomorrow is their day
that's my goal I want you guys to feel
me it's gonna be separate video so we're
gonna start that right now and yeah
that's awesome oh this is incredible
right here
all right guys I'm cheese and I'm very
very excited I'm Gary and I just filmed
an entire video which I'll upload either
tomorrow or the next day from when this
goes up and I am so happy and excited
that we did it is so it's designed for
you just for you it is designed to make
you conquer your day your week your
month and Gary I'm so glad that I did
this video with Gary I hope you guys
really enjoy it for now I'm gonna get an
uber and head an hour and a half back to
Britain waiting for my uber my uber
driver waited the entire time for me
which is incredible it's an
hour-and-a-half Drive and she waited for
me I'm so excited for this video that we
just filmed to go up because I myself I
took and learned so much from what was
said you guys know I always try to put
you're always trying to motivate you but
hearing it from somebody else that
that's that's that's known for this was
incredible and I can't wait to share it
with you I will upload it as soon as
possible
wow what an inspiring like I'm so
inspired today by so much just keep
climbin guys hey you're the best you
were sending them to my sister oh I mean
yeah we try alright guys day three we
are headed home back to the family we're
having maybe a cookout tonight we're
just going to get home kids we're headed
there now we're gonna jump past this
travel stuff I'm gonna plane and get out
of here
you think you can just escape huh you
think you can just go wherever you want
just picked up a hitchhiker on the side
of the road
the name our neighbors like walking our
dog Britain is like I think that's our
dog you must have got his collars not on
he got out come on troublemaker come on
what is this call I'm freaking out of
our home we're home and I had our gaze
totally mixed up and cook out that we
were I think I mentioned in this video
tomorrow which is great it's sprinkle in
it's not very nice for a cookie don't
even say where's donkey that's way
bigger problem okay get out of the
property no way I just kind of want to
go outside hi baby
hey there's flash Cora can daddy have a
hog can daddy have a hog nothing came no
see this is why I love this age more
than this age I honestly got more
attention from flash then Cora what are
you trying to go girl
no no it's wings maybe her muscle mania
nice shirt boy your sister could care
less she just wants to go she could care
less
there's donkey dudepls getting you very
much closing it up for the summer you
have to look at it like that see hey
watch watch watch see now you can see
yourself she wants the vlog you say my
oh yeah oh geez all that I'm not too bad
I think she just wanted
say say mama mama say yeah yeah yes yes
say no no no way say mama okay are you
gonna say Dada Dada bah bah mama can you
say Dada da Dada Dada
no dad dad no dad dad no dad damn you
you said it off camera she just said it
and started clapping rubbing it in my
face
you're gonna clap you say Dada Dada well
guys I actually thought that we'd do a
little bit more for day three but I'm
actually going to end this V I'm sure
it's it's it's well over the length that
most of you enjoy anyway so we're gonna
say goodbye the cool thing is I have
another video I shot with Gary will go
up directly after this one maybe
tomorrow the next day thank you so much
for coming along with us it's a great
quick trip but like I was very
productive and it was just what well it
was just awesome so I will see you guys
tomorrow or the next day and thank you
so much just being a part of our journey
and absolutely amazing she's gonna say
dad as soon as I start recording it's
fun that's fun x time she wants
something she loves saying Mama's
planner mama rolls up from it
thank you guys so much we love you our
family loves and we're blessed to have
you we'll see very very soon and yeah
that's all I got for you beautiful
one-of-a-kind smile more
you
