I'm gonna try backflip Ninh you gotta do
a front-flip but you got to hold the
camera that's the hard part honey okay
you just can't get a little more air in
you land on your feet got a boom whoa
that's cool yeah you might need to take
a break you might be tired little man
and try it no super get it front flips
in fact I cannot do a front flip I only
do back flips he can only do front flips
not back flip so I'm gonna try to spot
him and teach him head back so compared
to the teen temperature 16 degrees 15
degrees 60 feels like summertime so
we're out here living it up I was gonna
say is when you live in the state of
Ohio you kind of love when you live in a
state like this we have so much bad
weather that we truly appreciate when it
gets signed when it gets nice you just
go out and you live life guys we are
doing something today that's absolutely
getting a little bit insane kind of not
really it's good for us but bad put it
on wait here's the thing and I'm trying
to help how do I explain that how do I
explain this we've done this before
we've done this in the past but today I
want to challenge you guys to join us
maybe make it easier on everybody if we
do it together we work as a team
get through I've done this before I made
it ten days we're gonna try to cut out
sugar no sugar here's the problem just
about everything I love has sugar in it
now we get up fruits we can up fruit it
has natural sugar and it has fibers that
breaks down the sugars it has everything
you need in a fruit but all the good
stuff has sugar in it snacks and chips
and Pop Tarts in Poppins oh yeah
everybody loves dry almonds basically if
it doesn't have sugar in it it just
doesn't taste good and sweet and makes
your mouth pucker and makes your mouth
water
can't we like wean it out like slowly
like just no it's it's so addictive that
it's just like any other drug you can't
like wean off cocaine it is crazy the
compared to that we watched there's
movies out there baselessness sugar is
as addictive as cocaine I don't want to
get into that stuff
here's the point that we're getting into
is that it's it's it's just a nice
change and we need to get on some type
of I just feel like crap all the time I
have no energy I've no life yeah I'm a
roller coaster Hey that means no
brownies no you guys look like when the
movers show up at your house and they
take away all your stuff because you
didn't pay your bills this one looks
like right now I don't want to get too
crazy on this topic cuz I know it sounds
a little crazy but last time we did this
I think I did it off camera and I will
say this I made it ten days it was the
greatest I've ever felt in my life and
sugar is so powerful that I still even
though I felt so good I still chose the
more sugar but if anybody wants to join
us on this let's just try to do it for
like 48 hours no added sugars now 30
days Roman will see this one he's
editing and he's probably even going to
get them or has already tried to go look
for them but I'm getting rid of his salt
and vinegar chips he eats them like
every single night maybe we can make our
own salt and vinegar chip using potatoes
salt and vinegar hmm oh she did there's
nothing left she took it all out
I wrote it all the way she didn't know
she gave it away she gave me I just
look how much I spent on groceries
yesterday
no we I spent on groceries how about
that how about hey we users because our
live middle name should be ridiculous
yeah you better enjoy those get ready to
strip the whole house well finish the
brownie so she didn't have to throw away
what do you mean I'm getting back is it
close to Fumiya yeah party getting it
just sitting you why you're going to
Space Shuttle dude MoMA hole wonderful
mama and litany and DA can't duck back
here sitting on the yep sittin she's
hanging out she's hanging out they're
gonna go end I go this door oh yeah
she's scanning some websites find some
good meals course luckily she made chili
I can actually yeah this is always the
easiest thing to say we're starting to
mom oh what's wrong you know what we'll
just start tomorrow
now we're gonna do this is this the
chili all right boys all the girls are
gone it's time to play oh it's a
breaking bones contest who can break the
most bones Oh
what do ya shopping since finding out
it's a girl so oh my we might be in
trouble
okay so Roman and I were looking at beds
I'm actually cribs online yesterday and
this is the one we actually picked out
we're just gonna order it with like the
little bow and flowers it turns into a
toddler bed and a full bed so we'll be
able to keep it for a long time oh they
have a little dresser that matches super
cute super girly I'm so excited it's so
girly are you as excited to be in the
girls section yeah and actually like oh
I could buy this and our baby would wear
it they have a lot of girl things I am
so not used to this oh my gosh look at
this
sharks and pizza I found I found a
couple that's it let's go get me out of
the store get home it's raining out Oh
Roman said the hole no sugar starts
tomorrow right I say we go get some
pizza the fat last meal what I lost my
own eyes I mean it feels so much better
guys though cut out sugar I know I'm
gonna feel so much better
somehow I always seem to find myself in
the toy fish
Oh oh my gosh feel this feel that shirt
someone get me out of here it is nasty
rainy out but we are on our way home did
you guys have fun pretty tired I think I
warm out a little bit oh my gosh okay
this person is getting pulled over so
that person was right beside me I didn't
know that cop was there and then I flew
around that car to get in the third Lane
and I thought for sure when he kicked
those lights on he was pulling me over
so I just slowed way down and he kept
going to the car that was beside me and
I'm just like alright well well well
what do we have here you know these guys
did like to see girls stuff to me like
I've had two boys and I've been around
my brothers boys all we have is boys a
little rookie the Atwood family a little
a twig girl running around what's it
what's with the tiny little legs look at
that oh you know what it is you gotta
have tons of room for that packing
diaper yeah
pretty much all baby doesn't sleep and
poop like the first six years that's
cute I like that I like these oh I hate
ruffles I'm not a ruffle guy my ruffle
still skin other feeling things you're
never gonna be able to resist anything
like you're gonna see there's this
little shark and pizza outfit that I
didn't buy like there was a ton of
things that shark and pizzas oh yeah
that's what what I didn't even burp I
didn't do anything any time you have to
store the boys departments like this big
and then the girls is like half the
store so there's so much to get little
girls it's absolutely but now is the
first time I could actually buy anything
super weird super weirdest thing about
you anymore brain-busters for me I came
in here I was like oh you got peanuts
that looks good and then it's all
unsalted that's it
even though I found peanut butter that's
just peanuts and salt we're gonna make
our own peanut butter that sounds fun
hey these dogs man they got the life
they run they poop they get muddy and
they sleep sir all day we should have
called a mud ball we should have caught
him mud ball but thank you for hanging
out with us again here at the house just
doing what we do is absolutely amazing
that anybody is even watching to this
point in the video if you are thank you
so much I've probably said this a
thousand times and these vlogs and that
is I always feel like I have to do crazy
things I always feel like we got to go
out we got it we got to do exciting
things but the truth is like just being
home and doing things with my kids and
Brittany and the dogs it's really my
life and so when we're not doing those
crazy exciting things thanks for hanging
out and just being part of our actual
family and our actual day we love you
you are beautiful stay positive keep
pushing forward don't let the negative
weigh you down you can do it you can
push through it all of that right love
you guys you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile mwah
you
