welcome guys welcome to day two two
vlogs in a row this feels crazy it feels
old-school like way back Oh last time
I'm it's been a while since we since we
it's all you it's not like I got the
game like I'm vlogging it's you I'll
take the credit I mean but we I'm here
helping welcome guys I hope you were
having an excellent they're perfect day
we just finished up at Bert's first doc
appointment for her follow-up
everything's perfect everything's
healing awesome so excited great on the
back busy did such an amazing job
yeah doctor super happy doctor Sammy
that's good right yeah it's good son
anyway let's get the vlog started we're
I didn't film anything at the doctor
we're gonna head home I got like I want
to I want to share a story with you when
I get there and then we'll just get into
the day Turkey Sam all right getting
home my little man
you're an elephant Oh what's she doing
she's doing in here you're wang karry
sure that's so how much does the baby
care I mean six grams five grams are all
hang there's no sixes all right
interesting interesting arrival mama
mama mama you guys have no idea how
strange it cuz I filmed yesterday almost
in the same exact spot and I'm have it's
like deja vu cuz I haven't filmed
multiple videos in a row for a while do
you think we keep it going film tomorrow
yeah oh
what talked over oh that's right the
last time yeah it was like til Christmas
you you bet means what Christmas yeah so
those were long those were those were
different days this were different days
it was yeah it was like 50 something I
remember anyway enough picking on how
bad daddy is a vlogging because it
rounds up it rounds up you keep eating
your carrot you keep being an elephant
cheeto man and you just keep the entire
okay I got an interesting kind of like a
cool story for you guys as you tubers
like all the youtubers you know we we
get brand offers we get deals we get you
know product placements we get the
option I mean that's really as youtuber
that's how you make a lot of your money
is Brent integrations or sponsorship but
here at the Atwood house we have you
cannot believe how many brands or
sponsorships we turn down
we either will only do it if we truly
look like if it's authentic to us or we
truly believe you will love it so this
next part is kind of cool because it's
been it's it's something that I have
enjoyed for a very long time I was I was
in love with energy drinks like I loved
but I started having like terrible
stomach problems and I was I was going
through like a phase was like I can't
drink this anymore so I found a product
called I feel like I need to organize
this before I show you guys but this is
actual my collection this has nothing to
do with the sponsorship this is I
purchased all of this myself okay she
feel boom I have became become I become
I have become a massive fan of G fuel I
drank one G fuel a day what mr. elephant
would she feel monster the kids see me
make it I have one a day I love it I
enjoy it the reason I'm telling you this
cos wait after I've been drinking this
and I own it
I am now sponsored officially by G feel
they've sponsored us here's the house so
they send us the product now and now
they're giving you guys a super deal
which has never I think I think it's the
biggest
not they've ever given which is 30% off
your order
that's huge that's massive so in the
description below their website they've
created Romans favorites so on their
website they've created a landing page
it's in my description and it's it's
basically a page use code roman for an
extra 30% off so yeah if you you've
probably heard and seen G fuel it's very
big in the community a lot of gamers and
youtubers are sponsored by GPU or just
love the product that's who I was I just
love the product every single one of
these I bought on my own and just over
time we furious Pete was the one that
actually like gave me contacts with G
fuel and it was super cool the company
is super awesome and they're hooking it
up so in the top of my description guys
go check it out check out my landing
page on their website and get 30% off
your G fuel order and use code Roman or
OMA and the whole mr. cheese mob mr.
cheat oh man
oh yo show me your tooth I think like
two vlogs ago you didn't even have this
- it's quite the view right now if you
don't know what G fuel is I guess I
should tell you it's it's a sugar free
energy formula it's in the flavors guys
that's what hooks me in like literally a
huge fan of strawberry shortcake I'll
just show you my favorites huge fan of
the pink lemonade big fan of the blood
orange and the kiwi strawberry oh that
could be one actually this one might be
my favorite peach iced tea when was that
was that's China when we went to China
so I travel with these tubs right in my
and my might to go bag and the guy at
TSA liked it I guess wanted to check
what was that we were in China so they
didn't know what it was it's a you know
a tub of powder and instead of like he
didn't just open it up he sold it comes
with like a little scooper to put in
your drink yeah he's like what's in the
bottom cuz he saw like the little thing
I was like oh it's a scooper and instead
of like just listening to me just sticks
his fingers which he touches everything
at the airport and just like starts
playing around in my powder
I sure did yeah so you don't have to
just get the tubs guys this is I'll just
show you real quick the first time I
ever order gee phew I ordered one of
these sample packs and that's how I
found the flavors that I liked the best
like it comes with 20 different it's
just an assorted flavor pack this one's
on my landing page which is in my
description it comes with the GPL shaker
and it's like a starter pack seven
different flavors that's a winner winner
and then you can just order packs like
to go packs or shakers you don't have to
order the tubs so yeah guys definitely
just click the link in my description to
take a look at it the flavors are
unbelievable it's it's different than
anything I've had it's I don't know it
feels great when I get when I have it
it's like helps with that motivation man
when you got it when you gotta get up
you gotta feel on the obvious though you
need a little lift the regular energix
weren't cutting it for me anymore so
check it out link top of my description
in use code roman that's thirty percent
the biggest percent they've ever done
off so get it right now and through the
weekend it's only through the weekend
hey you wanna go on you won't go outside
you won't go see daddy's buggy come on
I'll take her come on come on
we don't need shoes wow it is hot hey
two vlogs in a row baby let's go this is
some type of Guinness World Record don't
quote me on that
Charles it's got me by for you well
you're here you got a hold on you know
look at this girl did she's literally
taking over life this girl is so
different than for anybody that has kids
watching you know how different a little
girl is then a little boy it is night
and day oh the daddy just break your
cracker
oh don't scream at me you gotta take
more steps
it's like muggy oh let's just took a
cracker
mommy's gotcha come on let's take this
last step no I helped I can't wait till
you talk girl yeah watching Clemens
ladder all by herself
I pressed shouldn't let her but you got
this baby how big she's getting dude
it's not even right like time is so I'm
watching I'm watching it probably is you
got it nobody's even helping you look at
this get in there with your brother
Rollie pollie elephant cheeto man you
believe how big your little girls again
it's unreal
flashy how you feeling baby you watch
yesterday's vlog explain yeah he's good
it looks awful flash had to go the vet
have a space shaved and medicated and
it's guess it's called a hot spot but
look I'm nasty the know it's hard
to get a view of it but you jump in
bouncy bouncy
yeah get a girl show her how to do it
whoa well it's a beautiful day
sun's out we are coming up on fall you
can see the trees in the back maybe you
see the orange and the yellow which is
nano signs right there that it's coming
why there's about to get cold girl yeah
we had all summer now you want I agree
it falls so pretty I'm not a Bing badda
boom you want to watch her for say I'm
gonna go check on Brian I know most of
you probably do enjoy the long just like
raw vlogs where I just hold the camera
and I just hit record him we go kind of
like the last clip we're out there on
the trampoline I just kind of film and
do it hey what's up you know Brian doing
in my garage fetus garage guys holy
smokes he's been in this garage for days
and wait you don't have to leave I want
to hang out with um I just want time
with you dude most skittish animal on
the planet like nothing but love he's
had nothing but love some days you came
getting here alright I remember that we
got a new exhaust so what are we doing
out here every time I every time I look
out Brian's doing something else to the
stain Oh upgrades huh come out a tune or
something more power like we don't have
enough power but a horse he's in the
hood yo start this thing up I want to
hear it I'm scared alright
then on
Oh
Arlie my harley-davidson hear the turbo
big
you're the turbo
I like your headlights
okay so explain to me real quick what we
got going on here it's gonna be faster
it's gonna be louder so we had a cat
delete I put on Evo's sent us uh the cat
delete exhaust and then it's gonna jump
faster and higher so yeah it's four legs
running and set it to okay so this is
the old pipe that just came out of
Brian's and mine still currently in
there and then you basically this is
what is going in now
whoa that's dope and you can down I
don't know if you heard the comparison
but it's so much louder and just meaner
sound yeah this is mine this is awesome
huge shout out these guys sent us this
stuff exhausting 200 horsepower boost to
the turbos oh my gosh what are you doing
it's my papa some monkey garage stuff
going on in there no no more Aaron I
ride Willie's now yeah so just want the
driveway the black band well that's good
so what happens in that Brown Drive
right there bye bye that was a high
speed one mmm so they didn't latch the
door when they got out I didn't know and
I took off
yeah about right there these are cute
Brian look at mine boom
that's cuz I break mine if I you know
trees because you're so cute narrow
minds why dude look at that
yours looks like yeah I don't know
mine's like Chanel yours like Walmart
it's all just proportionate I got more
hair you got no hair
the mine is running right now what you
guys to hear that sound
so it's a stock it's like the GTR when I
got it I hated how quiet it was we
needed more I love that you can hear the
turbo so loud it sounds like a diesel
truck yeah
but it sounds so good for the exhaust
tips we're gonna come out of right there
I see what you did there
I'm the worst cameraman gonna come out
or Cain just crushed a front-flip I've
been trying to catch it on film forever
oh okay a little more forward you got it
we're gonna get this flip on camera guys
period end a story come on you got a
nail it don't overthink it just what you
did
man you're getting fast no there was
second bouncing you can correct yourself
you know what I mean you got this yes
the camera always adds like a hundred
percent more pressure just a couple
million people watching you imagine
walking out on a stage and doing
anything that we would normally do in
our normal life in front of all of you I
won't even be able to speak like if I
walked in front of all of you watching
right now I wouldn't even be able to
like if I walked out on a stage and I
could see every single one of you
everything I would do normally would
become extremely awkward did you come on
let's get this mom let's just get it
there you go boy yes give me five boom
that's practice pays off right there man
let's go that is awesome you guys have
no idea how many times he's either
closer Elance the flip and at that
moment I'm not filming finally got it
this ridiculous idea we're about doing a
set what is that baby food all over my
camera what is that
camera Archaean veggies any baby food
anymore okay this is what I do every
single day make sure y'all baby food on
your hands no yeah I don't even you can
put your G fuel in just water but I
think the real trick is the scoop ice
because it works out the shape we do
have the best sights though too I mean I
prefer ice wish with the lemonade the
peach iced tea or I mean that makes
sense and you fill it up wait you fill
it up to the line not the whole thing
right it's preference it's first sir no
but I just you know I just kind of just
toss it in and pull throw out a baby
bottle so not only does the ice make
your ice cold and refreshing but it
works as the shakers
hey daddy she's like just gonna be a
pork okay I know my mom like everyone's
been helping us a lot more but my mom's
actually been staying at night to help
me so I'm not getting up at night
what are you roaming doing with Cora um
because he literally he wouldn't wake up
like he literally just wouldn't wake up
and then we'd be fighting and it's just
bad so and she has a lot going on right
now anyways with my stepdad in surgery
so it's kind of easier if they just come
and stay at night but my idea was like
to go rigger camper with $20 bills there
kind of pay her back and pay her back
for all those years she was a great mom
so yeah your your plan is just hide a
bunch of money in her no I think it'd be
funny if it was just $20 bills laying
around but you have to take parts off
the buggy to find money apparently
everybody likes money that's kind of
funny because then she knows something's
up you have to know you got a hide on
this is something like I think she'll
find over weeks time not just today oh
you know cuz she won't know about them
are you gonna tell her I think the plan
is to put them in here and not say
anything yeah Brian's gonna come in here
and snatch first of all Brittany's mom
and stepdad
they love camping in this thing right
they was set it up anywhere and they
love staying in it like oh that's funny
and the fridge
I'd say you put the money all over and
never say a word the whole thing it's
bad oh my god it would be funny fridges
cold
when I just put it in the fall and it's
a guarantee that's funny this is good we
have these on camera in case we forget
okay so that's the cool thought she just
literally came up to me she's like let's
have money and my mom's can perform I
know you got one in the fridge one under
her pillow yeah like that's gonna be the
first one Jay's gonna grab the TV remote
me like this yours
you bet yep oh my god this is smile more
cards in here well she's not gonna be
using it put them wherever you want yeah
let's put one hanging from my cup here
hey let me out no no it's not you
wouldn't just see that that's more
obvious because they watch TV that's
fine just leave it leave it leave it
leave it
I think it's great let me see one let me
see a bill look that's great they start
hunting for mommy make sure we know it's
gonna be fine one under her pillow
probably not much yeah oh yeah there
yeah just make sure I don't throw that
toilet paper roll away these campers are
ridiculously awesome man it's like whole
bedrooms and fireplace all like she
turns it on the money blows out don't
use that money okay
nineteen fifty dollars that's nice nice
to make sure they find it oh they're
gonna find out cha-cha-cha-cha sure it's
not that don't say anything just don't
say it could be three days there like
didn't know nope
she'll probably watch the vlog at some
point it's fun either way even if she
knows it's funny funny they are look one
there one up there there's a fifty up
there don't see that there's some in the
air that one
don't throw my eggs away she lookin
means she looking clean she bout to
sound like a monster
that's sick why can't they come out like
the hood out of front yeah dude
these will be you know I hate the smoke
effect she hates the people that have
smoke set car look at you you're soaking
wet she just stands in it I can't wait
till she gets the age where she wants to
like tell me something I like show me
some right now she's just it's in our
own world if washing her poop is that
what she's got a fake turn she's so oh
my god I just got the tail end of it do
it again he's doing them every time guys
literally I don't know if you saw that
but he landed right when I filmed let's
go let's go 11 today 11 flip this kids
out here all the time
dad look at that dude you know what we
need we need one of the like someone
that's super good at doing like flips
and tricks and stuff to come over here
and give the boys and myself a crazy
lesson on flips and spins and dude he's
the right age to learn this stuff do by
time you're my age you could be doing
them crazy spin flips hurt your back not
to be in bitch dude oh you got this man
you seeing this honey he's landing
perfect front flips now it's crazy
hey little water ball a water balloon
you're the smart one Oh guys thanks for
hanging out with me and my family I'm
trying to film just as regular as I can
today like legit try my best
what
well yeah now I got this little water
balloon on my arm honestly these are the
memories I want to re-watch in the past
like in the in the future you know look
how fast she just scaled up that ladder
like spider-man like these are the
moments watching her climb a ladder and
Kane landing his first flips and like
those are memories that will be lost
without the camera without the post it's
like that's what we'll watch in 20 years
and be like this is so cool dude and I
remember when you cut new flips because
Korra was taken over the trampoline but
as a youtuber as a you know trying to be
an entertainer you sometimes forget why
you're doing it right sometimes you just
I need views I need your views equal
more money views blah blah blah bigger
youtuber bigger brands bigger sponsors
but at the end of the day when you watch
back which we have been doing a lot
watching old vlogs the kids and stuff it
is so unbelievable guys it's like
looking at a photo album from the past
but it's video it's unbelievable I love
it so much so try my best like when we
film now I'm gonna try to really roll on
life roll on life hit me with that hit
me with it
what you doing a little little princess
you can get in the pool take a dive
don't give a rip and jump right in pants
shorts who cares she wants to do it you
know me throw you yeah no problem
barely sprained yourself core is
literally soaked carefully organs Cara
Korra wants to do it she generally would
oh my gosh yeah look at her hey no no
poor is it cool
you didn't go surprised I think you add
a camera frame
what are you doing Missy it's so cold
she don't care at all so guys that's
gonna do it for today we're gonna play
some games Britt wants to play some four
at night and we're just gonna goof off
and tomorrow we've got early access you
know I'm excited I love video games dude
I love them since I was a kid I love
them that's what we're gonna do for the
rest night we're gonna goof off together
hang out hope you enjoyed our super
laid-back day um just hanging out as a
family and I don't know it was fun vlog
in two days in a row so I don't know
maybe we'll drop maybe we'll drop some
more just consecutive vlogs like all the
times I love you guys so much thank you
for the likes to share support
everything that you do for us we
wouldn't be here without you don't
forget to use your G fuel code Roman use
the code Roman and get that thirty
percent off it's awesome see you guys
soon I love you you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
you
