wait I love you back okay I'll be back
dude
I'll be back Marty I'll be back
geez dude oh don't you even talk to me
like that what do you want to say just
tell him oh you guys got a translator
I've no idea I'll be right back okay I
love you oh is that what you just want a
hug okay kisses and hug welcome to the
vlog guys we are getting out of here for
today we got some cool stuff for you
goodbye my love why is this so heavy
just your computer when you robbed the
library huh
should be very fun interesting Dateline
I'm actually really excited for today
and I wanted to tell you guys in
yesterday's vlogs what we were doing but
then I figured let's just keep the
mystery rolling I'm all about that she's
ready she's ready yeah it looks a little
looks a little crazy out there it really
does I show you guys our weather like
we're the Weather Channel you live right
here it's actually completely B
thickness for me to show you this nose
one over to his grandma's for a little
bit and it may be after I'm gonna pick
you back up we're trying to work that
out and arrange that I gotta go I gotta
go do a little work today daddy's got
work
had he done something I was just honking
at us in my car was making crazy noises
I don't know so weird maybe fire was
coming out of my dirty car quiet blowing
fire ready Oh blow gotta go up that's my
alarm every day so the vlog goes up on
time so what is it that I'm actually
doing today Carl what's up buddy what's
up man how was your flight bad literally
just flew in I know straight from the
airport yeah straight from the airport
for this so what is it that we're
actually doing : I have come out with a
new and actually this has nothing to do
with why we've been going to Toys R Us
or one this is something totally
different exclusively for you guys yeah
now you can do what you usually do yeah
earlier this week we got Otis X a Super
Bowl winner we got a buyer from Toys R
Us
so we're basically gonna break out our
new toy it's a prank toy super fun and
super creative like I've never seen
anything like it before
there's the empty spot right there let's
just set up shop a key off then these
guys this is just for you guys okay so
these aren't in stores these aren't on
any other websites Roman Atwood calms
the only place to get them your bare
hand out flat and then have you ever
heard of like augmented reality
so what this is it's gonna come to light
and then it's gonna call around and hit
you feel it here close your head really
quick and then just happen on the back
just like right about there and then
watch but you'll see over the boat like
start to summon up these bugs and they
grow different sizes now just cause you
have four they don't crawl on you and
then just wave your hand on the back
it's NFC chip you see your collar on
your hands and it just goes really quick
and then you know about NFC chip just
tap on the back and then it becomes a
real reality so we're just shoot a
little video about a new toy coming out
I just want to show you what it is is
that cool you guys down with that heck
yeah oh no it's it doesn't it doesn't
we're just getting like opinions then
he's gonna put eyes it's like a new
thing that hasn't been done before so
ever poet creeps you out more scorpions
cockroaches or spiders
yeah now some of the life on your hand
does that wait a bit cool
oh you beat you here close your hand and
just wave your head oh yeah
give me five now just tap the top what
do you think of that yeah it's a cool
stop stop
here's the deal guys the franc is so
easy when you have a good prank like
this is so easy you put it in their
hands and the prank does everything the
trick is good I was like looking at you
and mines going all slow super needs a
tree I think I think when you're talking
about ideas and great inventions dude
this guy nailed it whoever came out with
this 100% its coin-operated this is like
some ya know you put coins in the side
you put coins in the side and you drive
it people are coming up with everything
that animals that you ride around the
mall is genius
what's up we just walked in this twist
where they actually have flash of walkie
and we drove in on our to buy more
stuffed animals
oh oh
rom BAE and they have Zeus that is so
perfect
oh that one
I think it's time to go we have just
about got there's nobody in this mall
man crane games got the best toys dude
funniest people are coming in you're
pulling these out well I gotta say today
was what what you don't got enough room
over there today was flown man I tell
you like I always joke around like I
don't do pranks no more like people say
I'm out of prey soon like I don't
consider myself YouTube prankster
anymore but I will say I love it
like there's passion for there's like I
really enjoy just going happen and
hanging out with people making them
laugh shocking them and like just having
that experience with people is priceless
we have enough supplies every single
person was perfect sports like they had
so much fun with it that being said Khan
and I are gonna run over have a little
dinner real fast and talk about a whole
bunch of stuff that we got to go through
kind of off-camera but as a reminder
this product is exclusively for you guys
it's sold nowhere else we made it for
you for my viewers you guys wow listen
to my brakes ceramic you know I say when
I call and I said my brakes are
squeaking this is ceramic brakes they
squeak that's what they do it do what
that sounds like what I'm talking about
so they are exclusive only for you guys
only on my website at the top of this
description don't fall for any fake
websites guys it's only available at
Roman Atwood dot-com just got it I gotta
show this been showing this type of
thing in my blogs but this is crazy
no this wave your hand over the top
I just wonder for like one day if you
guys would like to actually see what
it's like to go out as a family like in
public I don't put that stuff in my blog
because it's pretty goddamn breaks it's
pretty chaotic
okay I'm gonna focus I can focus we just
stopped by Carl's office and he's got a
freaking Batmobile do you think we could
push this out like this all last
secondly just pull it back out yeah well
back this is Carlsbad go think he's
gonna coming up cuz he's in the bathroom
he takes he's like me he'll be on his
phone for 30 minutes okay so we're gonna
try to back this out make him think like
I did this to his outie maybe a year ago
where I pretended that he hit my car I
hit his car maybe I can make this look
like it hit my car somehow it's such a
dumb idea he's not gonna fall let's just
push
we got this thing out here and I'm
thinking to put my car like right here I
don't it doesn't even make sense uh no
light we're using that truck if even for
one second he believes I did something
to this car it'll be perfect all right
this is as close as I can get it look
it's so close it's pretty tight and from
here it looks actually see how it looks
from here okay oh you just put okay so
you guys live around here
yes we're pranking my buddy serious and
we put this cart we're gonna make him
think that it hit this car it's just
like his favorite car oh my gosh you're
kidding me what do you think of that
dude want to blame you guys I want to
blame you guys house I was showing on my
car in a battement just slid up that was
funny even even for a split second that
thing like even the car even the car be
look even seeing his car gone with this
everything there wasn't I don't know I
pulled my car and then they showed up my
just blame you gonna push it back in
dude it was hard to push out oh hang on
hang on Betty
but you're gonna have to steer it
I feel like it's in Drive did oh that
helps
pretty neutral oh gosh faster faster
Oh it sound good dude it almost looks
like Zeus from here it really does
almost looks like Zeus was that I found
your brother Zeus I stuffed on hmm you
got that Boff stance flip flash Oh
oh he's in my hand in nothing there he's
on my finger ha ha there's nothing there
he comes he's gonna pop out into my hand
okay I can feel it already go as you're
watching this right now creepy crawlers
are finally available on the smile Moore
store check that out man comes with a
whole kit a metal can the smile more bag
the tokens the app is totally free you
don't pay anything for that the
cockroach you got the square p.m. and
you got the spider get them while we
have them guys we don't have that many
this is limited supplies Roman Atwood
comma B in the top of the description of
this video it is the only place to get
this kit and actually get these at all
touch the Spider hand touch the spider
game
it is a flash hi buddy I see a baby I
fear it is our current day and last
night after everything I realized that
I've done all the video for creepy
crawlies but the website hadn't been
done so we spent the rest of the night
getting all of that up so right now it
should be all up and ready and available
for you guys limited supplies I'm
getting all we love you guys thank you
for everything I hope you enjoyed me
going out pulling a little public prank
today yesterday it was awesome I had a
blast we've definitely got to do more of
those if you get the creepy crawlies
send me your videos guys I'll try to
feature some in the vlogs I think that
would be fun but we love you guys you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
mwah
you
