Mama's ready look at mom huh she's ready
to go welcome to the vlog guys how the
heck are you Britney's in here food what
exactly is food prepping I get meals for
the week ready
so she builds a bunch of meals chops
them up numbers them labels I'm Roman
King Noah mom all this is my version
food brethren done yeah we're set yep
this is your food prep list I feel like
sometimes we live in an underground
bunker and we're like making our meals
for the next week or so sometimes so
welcome back guys we're home the kids
are playing with if you watch dot was
the end of our last vlog I was carrying
these two big boxes whoa Tony and his
company sent us a whole bunch of like
look at these battle box oh yeah you
guys got you guys gonna get the bugs get
the bugs oh oh how do you ever get older
with the toys getting so fun anything
you make will be great yesterday we
didn't upload it was the funeral for
Britney's grandpa which was absolutely
beautiful wonderful funeral I mean her
funeral all the family was there and it
was such an honor
the family asked me to be one of the
pallbearers and that's where you help
carry yup carry the casket and it was it
was it was seriously it was such a huge
honor to be able to say yes that and
help with that process right when we got
to the graveyard like this beautiful
snow started falling and that Sun came
out for like five minutes we haven't
seen Sun for like four weeks here it was
it was it was the best funeral that we
could have you sure you sure you still
wanna go skydiving yes she has like
relentlessly asked me we're going
skydiving right when are we
scatman shooters eighty we should go for
your birthday May 3rd me and my gut to
the car she's like oh he's that mean my
little buddy's taking out look at this
look how disgusting the car is oh no I
gonna run out roses we're always going
to every time we leave we go through the
car wash dude when Brittany drives look
at me all the way up on the steering
wheel lately lately when I go out of
town Brittany has been taking my car so
it's just falling in love with this
thing how much how much how much am I on
my phone be honest
22 7 that's 22 hours a day 7 days a week
I know I know I know it's bad he's bad
guys not only there not only is your
cellphone becoming addictive like a real
addiction but my career my life is on my
phone everything I do emails from
Twitter to YouTube to personal life to
gainst anything I'm like there's so much
things to do on my phone that I've just
become it's like part of my life now
it's just upon my phone it's scary I
actually don't like it it's my job no
it's my job I always have that excuse
even the cameras disgusting we are all
you blurry chunk muffin
we've been on like this incredible gray
streak like is just we haven't seen
sunshine it gives you that feeling of
like what a hamster must feel like you
know you get a hamster you put him in
his and it's glass aquarium and you can
see out but I don't know does it make
you feel a little trapped that you can't
see above them clouds
think about it yeah that's all you're
gonna think about now you gonna feel
claustrophobic you think you're I can't
get out of here no I'm just kidding
it does feel more like a cage though you
know okay this is not why we came here
but I've been wanting to do this for a
while and I actually spoke about it in a
vlog I want to buy one of these like
prepaid phones or basically just buy a
phone but then I put the phone number in
the vlog so randomly we can turn on the
phone and you guys can call us we will
pick up random numbers then you guys can
actually call us cuz there's like these
there's all these YouTube videos and
people saying they call us we pick it's
all fake completely fake mean that never
ever has that been real but this would
be a real way for you to actually call
us then we're gonna do it it's only
$19.99 for a phone they have different
ones too this one is $19.99 so I'm gonna
release that number in this vlog okay
whoa whoa it's windy what we I'm all
wait to get in the car jump jump little
Bonnie
we need snow we need snow so bad okay so
we kind of failed and but not do we fail
we just didn't get what we actually went
for but we left with a cell phone for
you guys I'm excited to do this I really
am I think it's something I think my
friend Sam McElroy was it's a no Sam
came up with this idea I don't I don't
know I feel like maybe him and shaded it
so so I'm definitely not the creator of
it but I think it would be fun to just
give you guys a number and randomly
we'll just turn it on and answer calls
so so we'll go home we'll activate that
and then I'll release the number at the
end of this video hopefully we activate
it to the other or something like that
there's a crazy popular thing out right
now called what what are they called
Walmart doesn't have pop so he's that's
like crazy that Walmart doesn't have it
there's a seer I'm not kidding we have
more requests for smile more pop sockets
than anything even more than cell phone
cases like pop sockets have really taken
over so sorry dude they don't have them
they don't have them tonight we will
complete this mission best boys shelf
was sold out completely of pop sockets
one more didn't even have any so you've
inspired me you've inspired me we need
pop sockets you guys love them like you
really love them it's crazy good time
and mama
got all the groceries who's that who's
that are you trying to attack me with
the robot I've got you boy so what I
went to Best Buy when I've been getting
so dog I don't know why but no was back
Ivan backed up my phone for like 40 some
weeks like no it said last time backed
up never that's what it said
really okay so it's been a long time
Noah's literally doing everything for me
that's how advanced you are compared to
me like I'm like can you help me back we
got a fan phone a phone for our viewers
to call us anytime it's a phone it's
it's a little flip phone do you never
you know you know what flip phone is
Momo still got one that's it you got way
too much energy boys oh no for real no
real trick this out I'm serious
three two one
better run while now disappear
okay whoa
that was the biggest burp I've ever
heard out of you what's gonna stake
Falls warping into dinner time my
brother his kids and family are here you
know we should have kept our kitchen
table honey we would have been all that
really got me we're eating steak
mac and cheese corn how is it it's not
the best I didn't make the corn how's
the steak what's wrong with it
why's the steak not good Thanks fine
you'd say anything cuz he's just so
honest all right we're gonna play a game
guys and this game is called do not
smile okay now here's the rules hi my
job is to make you smile first person to
smile is out so here's how it's gonna go
I'm gonna have to do stop you're out all
right
knock-knock Robin I'm robbing you you're
out looks like we got a tough guy here
no smile at all Conrad huh so you think
you can go all night without smiling huh
let me see your mouth let me see your
mouth what if I turn it into a goldfish
and flew into the ceiling fan yeah what
if Zeus my uncle biggest fart and flew
through the roof
Oh what about you totally one dude try
to get the girls with the bird I can't
believe that bird got in the house oh
you would get blurry huh oh my gosh
I am I actually need you guys help em
that we're warping into the night here's
something I didn't think about today and
that is I got a phone right I got a
phone right here I can give you guys the
number right I can post it I can tweet
it I can put it in the description I can
tell you verbally the number right
but then something hit me like something
serious hit me you got all these people
making fake phone calls talking to me
talking to Britt whatever people now
make videos online of like calling us
and they say it's real Roman Atwood
answered whatever first of all they're
super fake and I I don't know if people
actually think they're real or if
they're just entertain I don't know it's
whatever to be honest but I started
thinking if I release this number then
people can actually fake phone calls and
you guys will believe it because I did
release a phone number so it may have
actually happened so I guess as of now
my concern is right now if there's a
prank call on me it's fake if I release
a phone number then that could be real
you get what I'm saying
I don't know I don't know if I don't I
don't know so here's what I need your
help with should I release the number
online should I release this phone
number online how do I do it to protect
everybody you know but seriously tell me
in the comments how do I release this
number so we have fun and it's actually
a cool thing and then I can vlog some of
it and maybe maybe that's how we do it
right there if it's not in the void but
if the calls not in my vlog then it's
fake I could record every call okay
we're onto something anyway it's late
I'm all stuffed up I'm scientist T I'm
probably overthinking everything tell me
what your thought says hit the like
button if I should
comment how I should do it we will see
you tomorrow we're back back on the vlog
schedule and I'm very excited to just
get back in the rhythm so we love you
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
