my throat's like nah I'm not on yet I
wish I'd switch on oh yeah
welcome to the vlog guys it is day two
we're in New Jersey right now we have
early morning meat probably really
boring for you guys actually maybe I
should just skip the meeting stuff and
just start the long cold I bunked up
last night in New Jersey we got a little
place at the Crown Plaza
if you missed yesterday's vlog we met
with Toys R Us and we have another
meeting there this morning and then we
jump on the plane head to Colorado today
have more meetings after that the jets
gonna bring me back to Columbus so that
I can be home with Brittany and the
family for the funeral tomorrow morning
yeah so we're here we're packing up
we're getting ready to leave and just
start this vlog get it rolling and I
think I probably just started it later
honestly cuz oh god it's cool dude I I
mean for your viewers to see like the
process of like the business side I
would think that's encouraging like I
always wondered like I always saw these
guys did you see the deal happen and
then you wonder how did it happen that's
true I'm kind of showing like the back
story like this is cool like shark tank
and all those shows out there they don't
show like the story about how how yeah I
like hearing that because I always think
I just got it like blow this wall up or
you know you drive a car through that
door what is that it's called book
matches I think you're like kept farting
last night do so you kept it
oh my god right now this isn't really
gonna be good clothes I came out far
down on you it's like really three
floors now don't do that you're gonna
get come on dad who brought dad are you
serious I don't know if I get by the
lane
Comfort one down a coat please okay wait
let's get a light let's go like what if
something comes on dude where's the
spike down there are you guys down oh
it's just what to lobby down there
well it's a laundry chute no my friend
is inside still he fell inside do we
call I'm sorry the laundry was actually
open the laundry chute and my my friend
fell inside oh can you open this
someone's down there
I know but somebody's down there like
open it see someone's dead someone's
down there I'm serious no way how would
you get back up how do you get back up
oh my god you saw oh that's a real evil
dude Oh give us a show I don't want to
bore you guys too much with meeting
stuff today and things like that we are
at Toys R Us and and everything's going
good but I I know this I know this part
of my life gets a little repetitive and
kind of boring but I do want to bring
you guys along on a new journey this is
the real the real sad truth is and you
guys should think about this too is that
YouTube isn't forever I mean I'm not
gonna be a famous youtuber a popular
youtuber forever that's just not it's
not how it works as much as I would love
for that to be and this would be my job
forever it's I am working on a different
path and a different journey and I want
to bring you guys along on that and I
also want to have the memories for me
and my family that maybe maybe maybe
like some crazy reason it does work out
I'll have the memories captured on film
so it's I don't know kind of a weird
situation is I want to
bring you guys along but I also don't
want to bore the heck out of here so no
matter what happens I want you guys to
always use me for inspiration man if I
can do it you can do it for sure we're
gonna go rock this meeting out and then
we're off to Colorado all right here we
go again we are up and out that meeting
went absolutely incredible it's really
loud out here so maybe I should wait
look at all these Jets
if you think about how many fights we
did today here took a week I feel like
somewhere they're just giving these
things now
ridiculous Tony thank you again and
again in case you guys didn't watch
yesterday's vlog this is Tony's plane
every time I climb on you I can't
believe that I'm riding in it it's
awesome thank you in a quicker in there
quicker you get to your locations faster
and there's no security and you just
walk out and get in your way and it's
like we had 700 miles an hour grounds
told you
I'm putting those everything myself
break it down so this has been a quite
I've asked this in the blog for what are
some of these Dukes that feels like an
overwhelming amount of buttons sure they
just grew patina system think this
here's on your hydraulic systems
for the wheels something engine start
disappears
look we're going down oh my god altitude
dropping is that good that's crazy
the whole other perspective made it to
Colorado guys thank you so much my
laptop and five phones are near i-5 it's
just no it's just no it's so cold the
weird thing is it was yellow snow it
felt like it felt like a gallon Oh like
a slushy mix flirty or something
holy crap now I'm too freaking toys-r-us
dude what is happening this is a real go
call time warping out of dinner and
we're jumping over check out these Vinny
how dude I should get one of these in my
house right yet but look look look I'm
gonna try to win this wait a minute
so my man here tells me that he will
send me any one of these vending
machines to my house is a true pick one
seriously I feel like this is like
living room size right that's living
room that's living room size my kids
would play that all day hey smile more
with smile more yeah and wait movie that
is awesome dude all right yeah
maybe I put it my smile more building
yeah that's a tough decision I see my
kids literally plant me playing this
wait a minute I need to get some on
trust and where it's like if Britney
wants to find you she's like my house
this place is incredible guys they
supply all the vending machines with all
the different plushies in the in the
toys and there's just so many so many
different things you're giving me a
crane game like anyone I want I think
this little one is appropriate for my
house so we skipped a lot of the meeting
stuff I don't want to bore you guys but
we would laugh this is tough guy Tony
here
we left with I got some goodies I got
this little fox for the new baby right
here and then I got knowing Caine a
little stuff there at home so I guess
what they say is wheels up that's what
it means when we leave okay here's have
their own seat that's good it's already
what 1 p.m. at home 1 1 a.m. it's
already 1 a.m. in the morning at home no
I want to teach her okay okay sure told
me this yesterday awesome this is this
is Reggie freaked him out all credit
goes to my son Noah because he showed me
this if you hold your phone okay ready
the same time tip it up comes on
automatically yes yes okay boy if
there's tilt it
there yet once you do it you'll never go
back but you got a lunch to yellow/green
ET homer well you got homer I got
Freddie oh whoa look at Jason it's
snowing in Ohio not knowing 2:30 in the
morning we have arrived Noah's dad gets
a run through our kids Hey oh my god
hornier we did get a car where's Kate
he didn't come Cain's an iron who's back
there okay nurse okay oh I'm happy right
now I can't believe it's snowing Kane
we're bringing home some big goodies in
these boxes and thank you so much for
coming to get me we had a car like I had
a car lined up and the part never showed
up what's the odds of that and I don't
have no Wi-Fi on the plane there's no
Wi-Fi on that plane so I had no
communication with her and she just she
just came to get me that song
I said I could come get you so I just
came do you like your dinosaur awesome
my poor boys so tired mana summer so
much we did so much in the last two days
I actually asked the guys like did we
leave yesterday it feels like it's been
just so many days it's crazy we do what
we got to do so we can do what we want
to do I mean right here let's eat bow
ready alright guys I'm home look at this
hair yeah what is even though it is a
hat head thank you so much for the last
couple days guys coming along with me on
a new journey a new objective a new idea
this sawsan have you guys thought just
be here it's it's great it's hard to
explain like it's 3:30 in the morning
now and I just I gotta get some sleep
you guys hear my throat like that's not
good that's uh and that is all I have
for you guys today thank you so much
again again and again we love you you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more
you
