welcome to the vlog guys welcome back to
our home hello hello I came as you can
imagine the last couple days have been a
little rocky for us and we're coming
back here with as much energy as we
possibly can in case you don't know
Britney's grandpa has passed away and
the last two days have been death Sox
death sucks there's nothing fun about it
there's nothing good about it so we
didn't film we took the two days off and
we're coming back here with like I said
as much energy as we can it's been a
little rocky and to tell you the truth
filming felt like inappropriate it felt
like I was out of place so we just
didn't do it house is still the same you
guys haven't missed anything really
still gray outside still gloomy it is
the same Ohio there is one thing that
has changed and that's that bump look at
that oh my gosh she's pregnant she's
gotten to feel the baby kick like crazy
I have not yet got to feel it she's like
here give me your hand give me your hand
I put it on there then it's it's SIA Wow
I have still not felt the baby I'm
excited too I told her like I'm gonna
scream the first time I feel that I'm so
excited
what is going on here Zeus where you
taking that blanket
you gotta go papi she's just wearing the
bathroom of the blanket on what are you
guys doing you wanting to flip a car oh
my gosh I don't know where you guys get
these ideas right there that looks way
too familiar whoa you know we can do
this in real life right like we could do
that do you want to do it yeah gotta get
dressed
I'll take y'all you flip a car just a
normal day at the house
did he shut himself in here I'm gonna
die he's in here really he just shuts
himself in and he's got the boy before
we go any further in this vlog I want to
thank you guys so much for the just the
amount of overwhelming support not just
towards me but towards Brittany and her
family you guys had really uh just just
crazy the poor and even us missing a
couple days I didn't see anything
negative it was just it was thank you so
much for that
come on blue bag oh that's blurry
we put the heat on yeah we can put the
heat on how's this we'll do it right are
we both gonna fit in there I'm going to
give you a class kids want to flip a car
I just want any reason to get this thing
out maybe turn the key halfway yeah
I'll you turn the camera the hot dog
I'll turn the parking brake off right
there push that in yep
pull this handle back back yep that's
good
this one you slowly push it forward you
drive forward in the garage probably the
safest spot the limit piece of cake
right so easy
everything's so muddy I'm having gas
pedal are you sure you down for this
it's gonna be fun it's so yucky ah okay
let's do it
see uh flip all the way over we gotta
push die forward dry food
Oh have your own mini tank
did the front windshield broke I can't
believe how strong the tops of these
cars actually are yeah look at even the
top you ready Keener's did you want to
try it mommy
no ready little buddy
oh he's gonna flip a car today
hi here we go here we go guys we're
gonna tip this car
oh those are hard
Wow
Hernandez
all the mud
oh it's dripping
it's awesome
when I was when it was on its side was
like we should just keep it on the side
so what you think it's I feel like
caterpillar is kind of a soft name for
something so destructive as it may be
cat a killer I mean this should be the
Cata killer that should be a nickname
good timing just started raining huh hey
I don't think so not today just did my
nails
what is that Wow coming into flower and
we're having a conversation about art
because this is a fraction of how much
art you guys have actually sent this
idea where there's no gap so basically
we put all the art together so there's
no wall gap I love the idea I think
that's what we should do I like it but
if I had to rearrange it I want to like
it right everybody's art is gonna be up
soon I mean we have tubs and buckets of
it then we have tons of art made out of
wood like you guys sent us actually wood
this these are nails yeah I love is just
building spaceships what do you want a
crook in like he's flying that's cool
with me what up crazy dude
there's my trigger look how much bigger
he is since we had him so so what are
you doing here stay late or something so
they have tickets for different things
they get to draw a chip owl we can't you
see what's on the chip I can see it
you're all a chip oh look that's 50 so
if they pull that should be a $50 bonus
you get four of these oh my gosh
Employee of the Month you only get one
Kailas the troublemaker of smile one
did not so this is Brittany's way of
adding little bonuses to the girls
checks I guess this is like so how much
you end up with 30 45 45 bucks awesome
girl let's see what you would get let's
see here
five five bucks five back inside here
Zeus where is flash flash in here that's
awesome
do you feel faster you definitely are
faster - cutting some apples with my
superhero here you got it all the way
look at that stretch it out
oh yeah what's up look at that look how
good this looks
carrots and apples not some flash not
you flash not you I was talking the
other flash again mommy also you got to
go we had to go look for a house for a
donkey we are we're in the process again
if you're new to the channel we have a
donkey we have a donkey and we're trying
to get it to our house
to live here Britney her mom have been
looking for homes basically somebody is
gonna build us a little stable for him
or we're gonna free buy a little barn
flash you didn't finish your juice you
got to finish your flute now not you I'm
talking about Caine
that's that juice is gonna make you run
even faster they have a game they play
we're basically Cain runs flash chases
Oh
TKO hey guys I hope you don't think this
is boring or anything I do want to talk
to you guys for a second and tell you
all thank you so much for all the
support you know my family's been going
through pretty hard time right now so
you guys
very supportive very understanding on us
missing days I just want to thank
everybody for other prayers and every
other kind words everything it means so
much so something else that happened in
the last few days is our donkey got lice
animal life it's not like people like so
like I wouldn't even that I can't catch
it
so I mom found these they're kind of
like a little pre-built bar shed tight
things I wouldn't call it really a shed
it's way bigger than a shed and they're
gonna do like a custom build for us the
doors will all be extra short and
everything so he can put his head out
and it'll be so cute I'm so excited but
yeah I just wanted to say thank you and
you guys are awesome okay this is kind
of like the one we're getting it's got
like a little porch area with the doors
on the side and then he'll have a pin
that goes out so where he can like walk
in and out of it if it's cold he can go
in and whatnot and I'll be ready in a
couple weeks of donkey will be able to
come home sweet home for the donkey this
one can they do like a double decker
like multiple donkey donkey Dan a donkey
Dan as Brittany just briefly showed you
we're getting one of these little
buildings kind of like this one all
right uh-huh just like that one one's
huge it's like a long no they double
wide just where donkeys gonna live and
then it's gonna have like a gate that
goes out and around so he can like go in
and out freely right he's going anytime
what are you doing your tunes stop stop
what is that my teeth what no it's not
that is not your tooth it's like a piece
of potato it's my it's not it's yellow
look at your hands are white this is a
temporary well let me see
you just attempt tooth temp tooth tooth
or a tooth or II not long ago
I gotta go back and get the permanent
it's not supposed to come off I just I
don't even know you anymore
who are you you got a fake tooth
well jack-o'-lantern oh I guess that's
just life I have a speaking to dentist I
have to gonna get a ton work I'm getting
sedated so that should be up on the log
what's a couple weeks you're gonna
console see what you need basically like
a full like new mouth is what I'm gonna
be getting that it's a mess it's bad
kids stay away from the serger well guys
that's the vlog for today thank you so
much again and again I could sit here
and thank you all day like I can make a
whole vlog just thank you I think it's
probably appropriate at this point what
is that the hover tree
Oh juicy got a ball the juicy little
bone I don't even talk to babies like I
talk to my dog you want to get one them
things that's a thing no six six miles
per hour
dude you must took out the vibe holy cow
mom look how fast he's going if you look
now you can see him we love you guys so
much thank you for all the support I say
all the time thank you for them like
some shares and thumbs up everything you
can do for us is amazing we will see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile
you
