hey you want to start it yeah do it say
what's up you want to start it do you
see hi
see oh you got popsicle you're showing
your popsicle not mommy you want start
it you don't say it no you don't say hi
alright last chance talks intro nitro
nothing so bad it's not bad honestly
he's got it hydro welcome guys welcome
to our vlog today welcome to the Atwood
house that's all I got
let's end the vlog alright let's in the
vlog you guys ready to end it we are I
will first lower start a day off with
some okay it's time to cook baby blue
apron in the house blue aprons one of
our sponsors that we actually recently
actually used blue apron before they
sponsored us so that was super cool for
us what are you guys doing none are you
doing
are they partying in your bed she loves
getting in this bed till it's bedtime
you will come out nope if you're
watching us for a while you already know
that we rocked out the way baby fuck if
you don't know what blue apron is all
about the city going to the grocery
store for the best meal ever but it
comes to your house they deliver it
so here's what we're looking at right
here these are what we have in the box
your chicken and pasta salad and steak
gyros which oh my god it would be hard
to even pick one right now like which
one do you want I have a had either one
of these but we have lots of favorites
we've been getting these for a while so
yeah check this up you got everything
you need to make all of this the exact
amount of ingredients cucumbers
that's not cucumbers zucchini tomatoes
your pita bread yeah only exactly what
you need they send you exactly what you
need to make the move these are my
favorites all their little secret sauces
and everything that all the little
extras you mean yeah dressings and
sauces all farm-fresh ingredients it's
like legit health ease good stuff it's
not it's not junk food please check out
blue apron swaps I have a link top link
in the description their website you
click on the link the first 50 of you
that sign up will receive $60 off your
first four weeks of blue apron that's a
huge discount it's just for the first 50
of you so if you're interested in this
definitely click that link right now and
get it they offer multiple plans one is
the family plan which is what we have
it's more for all of us the kids
ourselves and they have a two-person
plan which is if it was just Brett and I
living together we would just order the
two-person plan so you can go on and
pick out what you want yeah they have
all the meals that you can pick yeah
like you choose from I think it's like
three different things afford it it
depends on which plan you do but you can
go on and pick six days before your
shipment it comes and that's the one
this one I didn't pick out so I have a
surprise it's a big menu odds are
there's gonna be something that you
really love lots of things that you like
they also have vegetarian options you
are for sure yeah
that's one thing that you guys know this
is a sponsored deal
however we are fans of like fans of blue
Avery this is just something we do yeah
this is something that we've actually
had way before we were ever sponsored by
them which is always cool and you guys
know we truly do sponsors that we either
love or we think you will love and this
is one of those this is this is a real
sponsorship that we get to work with
them and that everything is great
sponsors to make you guys better like
this is gonna make you feel good
first this part is actually new to me
and I'm gonna read it right off the
paper blue apron is partnering with hole
30 to bring customers four weeks of hole
30 approved meals so if you know what
hole 30 is it's someone that they have
partnered up with I'm gonna review what
hole 30 is I know my aunt a few my
cousins have done it and they've done it
for more than 30 days but it's a 30 day
reset for your health habits and
relationship with food it's whole food
so it's meat seafood eggs lots of
vegetables fruit healthy fats which they
put in like everything's in there what
you need to make
there's no calorie counting no tracking
no way no power is just none of that
literally Whole Foods amazing I don't
know I like it so the whole 30 meals
with their partnership are going to be
on blue apron like they're approved
meals will be on blue aprons website is
between September 3rd and September 24th
that you can get those approved meals of
course all your meats and they're two
guys and there's also no commitment once
you sign up you can cancel at any time
you can also skip meals you can if you
don't want that you're gonna be out of
town that way you can skip it and it
works she does know the drill a link in
the description check out blue apron
it's great for your family it's great
for you get on track and start eating
good stuff is awesome we're gonna cook
it up and I'll show it to you when it's
done as well but first now we're gonna
continue this vlog you waiting on me
what do you want to do trap target all
right
mow it Brian mow it Brian out there
what's up guys like like what's up it's
it's been a while we you know what's
really cool about today is that there's
a vlog tomorrow as well it's a double
delt we haven't do two videos in a row
for a while and it
feels really we're gonna upload
obviously this video that you're
watching and then tomorrow another video
so two vlogs in a row which is uh you
know it's weird it's it's actually
impossible to me looking back that I did
daily vlogs for you know three and a
half four years at this moment in my
life I don't I don't understand how I
ever did it like I really don't I don't
understand like I'm like how did I do
that because now I'm talking about doing
two vlogs in a row and I'm like whoa two
in a row baby
let's see some flip action boy you gotta
land this man you're going so high take
your time land on your feet what are you
doing crazy Caine you're flipping too
fast you got to go up and flip you're
going high and then when you go to your
flip you don't go high at all you just
flip your legs give out balance flip
tuck land you do whatever you want okay
little ninja getting all crazy out here
this kid's been on this trampoline for
days flippy Longstocking
we also while I'm falling out you're
thinking about it we also put fish in
the pond we stocked up on not a ton of
stuff I think we put I have a little
clip for my cell phone actually but yeah
we put like I think it was thirty bass a
bunch of catfish and then like hundreds
of minnows that's it for now we're gonna
get more but it's a good start so
fishing in there soon
Wow I mean if that was off the side of a
building if there's been a lot worse
you can you know just keep practicing
that stuff's easier on our actual floor
I'm telling you bone you trying to do a
handstand kids been all over this
trampoline he's gonna obsess with the
trampoline guys today is I want to do
just a home vlog literally exactly what
we're doing actually in our life on a
typical day that's kind of what's
happening today that's exactly what
today is it's it's low-key been it has
been raining for three days straight
it's kind of drying up now there's a
little core out there okay he's being
shot hiding behind the ladder like
nobody can see him we see
flash had to go in and have a surge not
surgery but hey flash can you sit sit
down I know it's bothering you okay let
me see if I can get shot yeah yeah see
the side of his face poor guy you
feeling better today though he had to he
had to go to the vet yesterday they had
to put them put him under for a moment
they'd shave his face and put
antibiotics they called it a hot spot
never heard of it I'm sure it's common
they said it's common it's called a hot
spot and they shave his face and like
they he's on antibiotics no that's crazy
jomi what are we going where are we
going but you just wanna get in your bed
no it's girls taken over the whole house
what use do you want to get back in
there what is your deal you are so goofy
yeah you're silly whoa no invasion tall
so what are you doing in my bed bub this
is a real life right here this is yeah
it's the real deal
welcome to the Atwood huh what's on your
head what is it she's like acts like
something's in there I told you I'd show
you the finished product I've almost
already eaten half of it it is so
awesome things full of steak tomatoes
but this is the aftermath this is what
you end up with it's all this food man
good stuff good stuff you watching your
favorite show games say course take it
over uh she's officially taking over the
house
mommy's losing her mind big and boy do
den boy came huh me boy
oh my gosh money man what are you doing
while your tooth money okay a Harris
literally made my head itch thinking
about there's a hair of a story that we
didn't share in the vlogs I don't even
think we've done a vlog since it
happened oh they're back here okay so um
last actually we have done vlog since
this this is just something we didn't
vlog for some reason um the kids got all
these like new toys and they're super
cool super fun but Liza came over and
then the day that we got him that night
Veronica was like um Liza has likes like
the little white bugs that get in your
hair and they get on everything and they
spread and they take over your house
next thing you know you're living
outside and they're living inside
she was created their houses true did
our houses everything's been treated but
anyway yeah the new toys had to go they
had to be sprayed and put in black bags
for ten days I think it's been ten days
look this one's trying to get out yeah
she's gonna be pump
let's rip rip rip rip rip it open they
can stay in here okay so they're like
right looks kind of ridiculous now show
what it does she's probably attack it
like a husky dude it looks so funny you
literally just hop on it and it moves
might be pushing the weight limit for
you but look at flash is so interested
Cora is a hair too small but hers is a
unicorn super funny oh yeah
quarry
man man man yeah I think it's way too
white to be out here it's not gonna last
you won't get on you were gonna get on
I hope yeah hold onto the handlebars and
right here come on you ready
yeah maybe sit her up a little on the
seat our story's a little cramped that's
just still like oh did you show them
flash yeah oh my poor baby
it's my poor baby she can't stand up on
no here look foot here oh my gosh daddy
she tries she wants to move it hop gotta
hop on it up on your daddy needs one
here she comes
you got a steer you know animal traffic
jam is so goofy oh I'm not picking you
can look at this by the way this is her
this is just this okay and you want yeah
I'm not gonna do polish my nails need a
break from the job okay which ones this
this all I can choose from yeah okay I'm
gonna pick watch I'm gonna pick the
wrong one to matter
I'm kind of digging this like kontiola
okay and then it's a basement OpCo right
beside it
mm base coat and infinite shot I guess
I'm not I can't I can't reach out there
yet but I'll do this color okay hey I
told you guys this is gonna be a super
laid back chill what we're actually
doing today
this isn't like hey let's entertain you
guys this is legit like what we would do
nope because you'd have to redo it all
at least like the regular ham polish you
can just wash off the extra nah I want
an adult version of that full-size
full-size for some wheels and I want to
drop in my Tower and ramp into the pond
like that that would be fun hey man
smile more smile more I fed him today
yeah yeah no not frozen but I fell don't
be good good something fun to do you see
them what am i benign oh there he is all
right
we can track him down you guys see him
yeah I see him yet man if he wasn't
striped okay so um if you've been
watching your last previous couple vlogs
ago Britney had her surgery and we
figured we should do some type of update
and you know how she's feeling and it's
been tomorrow will be a week for week we
have to go to the doctors to have her
first checkup which how do you feel good
I just can't I can't do everything that
I like like her ons are supposed to
spare sighs I can't reach over my head I
can't lift over 10 pounds like that I
think you've done great though I know I
think yeah all right here - telly I mean
it's probably I can't even see it
but now I feel really good I'm just to
the point where I'm like I want to get
the pickles off the top shelf of myself
is annoying like I can like hold corner
where like I'm sitting down but I can't
just go and pick her up and I can't like
I can't do any of that yeah which sex
really bad
yeah well we've had saw her sister huge
help amber my mom's been saying so much
help around this house guys like it's
been incredible so everything's been
awesome not on any payment I was on pain
meds the first day yeah nothing are
scary she's like talking to herself in
her sleep she liked having whole
conversations I talked my sleep already
but that like made it really crazy I
like woke up and I'm like who are you
talking to be my dad and Kathy we're
like in the room talking to him but but
they weren't in their own me talking
woke myself up and I'm like are you
doing they're not even in here right now
I hate like everything like that what I
definitely needed it the first day yeah
so doctors women like I said another
vlog tomorrow two in a row baby that's
on your street that's a new streak
record right there um I'll definitely be
will talk to the doctor and see what
things that I'm able to start doing it
yeah a full week already
Asians and everything you're healing and
I haven't really gotten to see him I
can't they're like this line two of them
it it's pretty crazy but is he
technology your half-robot now yeah yeah
so a little bit of me feel like I'm
doing good I'm just ready to be back
back in business I'm also more updates
Britt is planning to wrap the GTR
because it's her car now did you think
it would be your car no that's crazy and
my new car which you guys have no idea
what it is is is we're at how many
months has it been couple few months you
want easily we're now on any day now so
it is I believe this month that's
definitely September
it says September but I don't know date
no date at all I don't even know we
literally won't know until it arrives
like they'd said that they will call the
day it comes in which is so weird
it's such torture
but yeah I'm wrapping the GTR I'm
getting new rims for it I really want to
put a body get on it but I don't know I
haven't found any
Toretto for life I haven't found any
that I really liked um that's not like
30,000 just stupid gotta pay to play
yeah so but I am gonna wrap it and put
new rims on it and make it especially my
pink I don't think I'll do pink I think
you should do pink with black accents so
like all the chrome parts black pink and
black well it's not your car
look at this hair Einstein give mommy
kiss e like after I got done eating this
Cup yes no I have pretty much lost
everybody at this point no oh and Kayne
both playing video games now and poor
just got her bath which means she don't
have much longer and yeah where it's
still resting up another crazy thing is
I still have to dress Brit this is
pretty well not fully I don't pick out
the outfits but she can't do it's crazy
what you can't do and you can't lift
round like you don't even realize how
many things you can't do so I still get
to UM but it's not a bad job it's not
it's not a bad job you know peace pays
well and I have to wear this ridiculous
bra for six weeks it sounds like a tank
look no it's like a front zip nude color
ugly bra it's got this crazy zipper in
the front it's super tight around here
it's six weeks that she has to wear this
thing and obviously you're used to
wearing other thing
so it's like super-awkward she's like
embarrassed about it looks fine good I
try not to make this too over-the-top
but like yeah I mean you're gonna be in
swimsuits and stuff's gonna be way more
revealing so this is nothing like I
don't this isn't crazy yeah miserable
parts of this is I'm excited and
thankful that he was able to help my
problems but the long road you need a
bigger like okay this is her side all
right all this and I know you should I
pick it out what are you God you are you
chucking apples I can't wait do you talk
you hang out she has been daddy's girl
like lately to get her to sleep lay it
right on me oh that is um that's our
video for today guys I hope you enjoyed
it I excited that we're doing another
one tomorrow we're doing them
back-to-back it's been a long time it's
been a while since we actually uploaded
consecutive vlogs like one after another
um thank you for being here today thanks
for hanging out with us hopefully I
think tomorrow's vlog is just gonna be
really from start to finish of our day
rather than you know today was just kind
of pick up the camera and go but I want
to thank you guys for being a part of
everything that we do and I mean
literally everything that we do we we
try our best actually bring you along on
them journeys and actually bring you
even when it's hard and even when it's
awkward to try to actually let you in on
that and it's kind of strange it's
really weird actually but ending daily
vlogs has helped us a lot with a lot of
intimate details things that we you know
nobody wants to share with the public
and then you know some things we can't
avoid we actually want to bring you guys
along on as much as possible I don't
have to explain you guys you you know we
love you so much I love that sign right
there
we will see you tomorrow I can actually
say
we'll see you tomorrow um we love you so
much thank you for all the likes to
support the shares watching with your
family your friends a lot of what we do
is designed to watch with your family
your friends we love that I'll see you
guys tomorrow
I love be able to say that I love you
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
