I care welcome to the vlog guys it is
it's it's too early I'm not a morning
person I think you guys know that I
think editing has created that welcome
at 5:00 actually you set up six but I
looked at my final say it's only 5:50
8:45 I had to get up to pee and I was
like should I like lucky you I wake up
45 minutes after I don't even really
know how to explain what we're doing
today I really don't we we've got so
much
we've got multiple flights I think the
best thing to do is just start traveling
take you along and I guess we'll just
take it one step better
here we go so we're too late okay so as
of now there's no way to get on that
path is there anything we missed our
flight guys we didn't actually missed
our flight our flight is is here and
it's it's sitting but we can't get back
there because we miss check-in by this
much I'm frustrated yeah but maybe
that's why we miss this flight it's
crazy now that it's not even up to
people it's up to computers the computer
shuts off like they're trying to get us
on the plane but they can't the computer
won't allow us to check-in it's crazy ok
I'm not kidding they just gave us
tickets the youngest plane but they
didn't guarantee it are these yeah oh
all right
what what the heck happened oh he fell
holy freaking cow I don't know what just
happened but we're getting this one dude
I don't even know what just happened I
can't even put on camera what just
happened is the most insane ridiculous
thing this plane is just sitting and
waiting
how did I miss that
Karl went flying through this whole sign
like and he fell there's a ghost flying
so we made it to Chicago and I'm not
exactly sure how we made it it's
probably one of the craziest journeys
yeah yeah you said yeah the other
bathroom I feel like this is the point
where like a good vlogger versus me it's
like a good vlogger captures a story of
his day and today I miss so much we're
in Chicago we missed our flight we got
on our flight Karl held up the plane
dude it's a Walmart meeting you do
whatever it takes
they knew that the plane was held up
wouldn't give me it wouldn't give a
ticket nothing and not cool so we made
it happen
Karl made it happen it is honestly
something I just couldn't capture for
you guys but it's been a mess getting to
Chicago in the journeys not over it's
not over we stuff to get the Arkansas
I'm trying to explain to the viewers
that I couldn't capture it okay so I'm
get out of security you're still like
getting your stuff I'm running over to
get our tickets change everything what
we got on the flight a heads up and but
then she said no right yeah she told me
no you just like this little cut and I'm
like squeezing it like oh my god this is
like really bleeding now I do you have a
band-aid so the lady had to go all right
we're headed into Arkansas I I don't
think I've ever been to Arkansas in my
life ever have you you never been
you've been darkest off yeah we're going
mid middle Arkansas you
come all right so that's the buter -
grew up in an old high school and hit
the pill Arkansas are we going to see
first person is that with it's because
we don't have
gotta make it to the plantain
Oh
we made it to Arkansas and I thought the
airport was small and so I saw the kids
play area you're going so fast you keep
up with you little eggs
we're in Arkansas we have a 1:30 p.m.
meeting at Walmart we're meeting at the
head with with it at the head with the
head crazy things you have a 4 o'clock
flight to LAX Los Angeles and then we
have on the flight out of their
philosophy it's crazy
guys we have a rental car we are in
Arkansas which looks just like home I've
never been to art I hope I'm saying
there is it Arkansas or Arkansas
Arkansas it's not inside I feel like
I've never heard that we're going to
Walley world so we are here to meet with
the head buyer of Walmart and how long
did this meeting take to get it's been a
year in the making dude so we're it took
a year to get a meeting with Walmart and
keep in mind chrome knows the bar for
more so this is the programs this is a
buddy and it still takes year to get
into warmer so we're going there to
pitch some things probably not what
you're thinking of we live in Ohio so we
see a lot of cows I've never seen this
many cows this is cow country
good for them cows are so many fouls the
first Walmart ever created is actually
here in Bentonville and it's a little
shop and they've dedicated it now it's
like a real retro sweet it's like a
little store yeah it's not a big
building no it's just like the start
yeah these start will start yeah what
this is actually a part of my life that
we would probably typically not put in
the vlog this would be a part of the
business that we wouldn't show but I
just feel like this is also part of the
journey I want to remember and I also
want to bring you guys along that we
have a meeting with the head of Walmart
like this could be Walmart Digg is the
biggest retailer in the world maybe it
might be a little boring for you guys
right now but it's just something that I
do want to include that's like Ohio hey
that's a nice community right there whoo
I guess what I'm trying to say is I am
bringing you guys along on this journey
we'll see what happens I have no idea at
all just so you know our meetings at
1:30 the meeting took a year to get and
you pull over
we need all day so we're um and somehow
we switch positions I was just driving
like one minute I looked up and then
boom I'm in the passenger seat right
under layout it's getting really really
tight timewise this is quite the journey
guys honestly we've already had two
flights of crazy morning and we're
actually 10 minutes away from the
meeting look at that how do we do that I
don't know we had six minutes a second
ago it's been a wild day guys I wish
that I was a good enough storyteller see
cuz I'm trying to actually talk to my
viewers and you guys are yelling at me
then take a right uh-huh and your very
first left you'll cut in there into that
block okay just to the west of you okay
appreciate thank you so dude we're at
the actual layout center now so this is
a store entirely built of and it's a
fake Walmart basically it's their store
all but I know we're late we're late
we're late
but trying to bring you guys along it's
crazy it's a fake store but every all
the shelves are full and it looks like I
still we're bumming out before anybody
else does yeah
so basically talk about shelf space and
where it would go and what it would look
like and that's how they do it the
future is in that box so here we go
I doubt that I can film anything inside
but uh wish us luck this is a crazy idea
and we're going they don't they don't
buy this stuff let's just all these
drink right out here
we made it 1:29 and 49 seconds today
I don't know what just happened yes baby
maybe my you can't get that excited yeah
yeah it's gonna take time it's basically
no brick I mean it was it's this new and
it's this innovative imagine dedicating
half of a year of your life and then
everything goes down to one day and not
one day like 15 minutes Wow and that's
actually your first buyer meeting first
time is Shark Tank where you walk in you
pick up you pitch your product yeah and
Mark Cuban just bought it back to the
airport oh my gosh 20 minutes back to
the air for 20 minutes a night get up do
what you want to do guys this day really
proved to me that you gotta just you
gotta make that jump man you got a leap
forward you gotta take risks like this
was a crazy day for us you gotta take
the first step you don't have to see the
whole staircase just take the first step
there yeah you got a crawl before you
walk in he's what you're saying
yeah take this blog as like I swear I
told these guys that we could have made
a movie today it was so crazy to do this
meeting at Walmart was so it just seemed
impossible this one anything we're gonna
make it we frickin made it happen didn't
know we all did like I know so many cows
I think the last time I had four plane
rides in one day was when I flew to
China China not the last time I flew -
first time I flew to China Thailand
it was Thailand we took like four or
five flights I can remember okay I can't
even make this up our flight right there
you see the motor open or whatever that
is
dude our plane is broke
I can't be good just can't be
you can't make this up the flights
delayed like seriously delayed I know we
need to go talk to her and see if we
need a girl this is our third but we
still have another flight after this and
if we don't get on this one in time we
miss our fourth play yeah because they
only have it not even them I don't we
have 40 minutes it's like if we're
delayed by an hour
we're already we're already there I
can't even make this up man my cameras
all blurry come on baby
our flight just got canceled till 7 a.m.
tomorrow morning what's gonna happen
next like what's the next thing that I'm
gonna tell you so resistance resistance
it's real okay change of plans
we just got flights to Dallas Texas from
Dallas were able to fly from Bay to
Vegas we're moving forward it's all you
can always do don't say that our bags
are gonna show up they dude if they're
on the other flight we're screwed
I know but what if it's still sitting on
there it's not they're gonna be there
pushing forward we are pushing forward
we still have another play after this
play and our new seats we don't get to
sit together so I'll see you later those
two ladies just switch seats Brittany
and I could sit together I know
awesome
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo how much
would it cost for you to do that
I would only I would only wear
spider-man's suit if I washed what does
okay
I think for everybody's sake by the way
I've been shooting in 60 frames all day
tell me if you guys enjoy this it's a
totally different look in my opinion
always shoot 30 frames but please but I
was gonna say is we're just gonna skip
to our last player last our last trip to
Las Vegas hopefully we just get on this
plane and we go it's been amazing to me
like what that Hey music I think by the
time we get to our hotel we're just
gonna be cuckoo birds cuckoo for cocoa
puffs
alright baby no joke I'm in the back of
the plane and you're in almost the
fridge like in the middle so see in
three three hour flight three hour
flight
where else would you see slot machines
at the airport soon as you land as soon
as you get off the plane you just see
slot machines I think my mom won $500
here once she was waiting on a flight
which people do here and you just start
playing and she wanted but she probably
lost a lot okay welcome to Las Vegas
don't ask her for directions holy
Stromboli guys we made it we we made it
I feel so successful right now
information what do you eat me quit I
did I did actually where was it not was
I get to song yeah it was like it's a
sign let's just stay here tonight we're
flying to Vegas tomorrow and she's like
no no now we're here guys thanks for
traveling with us thanks for being such
a big part of this day and this journey
and the bathtub we love you she just
yawned sausage so it's 2:00 a.m. in the
morning our time so what time is it it's
11:00 p.m. here yeah
10:50 - thank you guys for everything we
will see you tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind if you've made it
and you watched all this vlog smash that
thumbs up but for me this is a weird
vlog to me it's like a real different
vlog I gotta edit I gotta sleep we're
getting up super early again you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
you
