welcome to the vlog guys hope you're
having a great day Noah and I are headed
down hey buddy how's my man how's my man
where's my camera so what there it is
there's the city
funny thing I've had this car for about
two years maybe just over two years
today because in Noah I found out
there's heat warmers the seats heat up
how'd you even find that so ya feel
pretty dumb but my seats have heat which
I never knew that no one I are headed to
the Columbus gun show never been here
before John's going at the candy man
countries go on my brother's going we're
gonna be with them and should be
interesting I called the candy man now
because he walks up to me he always like
he hands me candy but he does it real
secretly like real fiery like maybe
something on my breath stinks it's true
he does this and then Britney and Cain
are going on their own mission with her
mom to do a bunch of stuff and she's got
a camera so we may have a nice mix today
because we kind of failed yesterday that
place is jamming dude it's like a Bieber
concert we finally made it there's like
four or five that's what's so busy
there's all kinds of boat show there's a
wedding show there's a hockey thing
going on we parked at the hockey thanks
we in this no huh it's very long journey
dude hang in there little father-son
time you know oh what's up oh my god
it's like steel no asked me why I call
you the candy man I told him is your you
always hand me candy that's why is the
candy man so this is pretty cool this is
bringing back some serious memories I
used to set up no joke I used to come to
these shows by myself and set up rope
booths
I would sell rope here at these shows
I'd have my own table and I would sell
rope that was what I did on the weekends
that's how I tried to make money I would
come and get a table like this
it's just crazy because I haven't been
to anything like this since
then and it's stone back crazy memories
of me being on the other side of the
table so they got all these guns and
then they have food John oh came to the
candy show no no this is a gun showed no
this is the candy fudge did so I get
what could how much fudge can you eat
how much for you to buy it in pounds so
can you eat a pound of fudge I could not
eat a pound of fudge
I will make a pound of fudge where else
right what can i sample let's get to the
let's buy it let's buy something from
the guy are you sure yeah okay your day
oh my gosh yeah cheesecake let's do a uh
I'll try it I'll be uh I got this you oh
you got this dude that's so rich of no
way you think I go not even a half pound
not even a half pounds
you want me to do I know you can do a
half pound I mean I know I can do be so
sick you like it it's so rich so rich it
that's why it's a challenge eat a lot of
it it's sorry
every bite should come with a shot of
insulin so many guns did John Howe
sausage it's we're at the media shop
show me okay leaving the gun show I
ended up buying sausage and pickles at a
gun show dude
sausage and pickles okay can you ready
you say bye to the doggies my boys eat
your food
you decided last night he wants a hot
dog yeah probably 40 seconds to get out
came Oh cuz the alarms gonna say you
just ate here baby Lucy here I'll be
right back we made it Cain my mom's
calling me
hello
are you ready yep we're just pulling out
right now all righty then
okay we will see you in a minute hope
you are excited for a little bit of meme
blogging today it's been a while I'm
going to get my mom and my sister right
now we're going to go to the Western
store my mom needs some boots and came
to look at dude so we're gonna go with
them there and then they're gonna go
with us to this party store to get some
stuff to make cupcakes fun cupcakes
not just any cupcakes very fun cupcakes
okay so if you guys watching us on a
regular basis you know Roman has those
cowboy boots I'm super upset because
they don't have my size in these but
it's the girl version that's his cowboy
boots
they're pink dang I'm gonna see if they
can order them for me that would be so
like so cool
hey cane wants to know if you'll get
matching boots with him those are cute
on the cowgirl she likes wearing her
cowboy boots you need a new pair these
are gonna where are the ones I bought
you yeah four years ago oh my goodness
yeah I think it's time for ya ready cane
requested be Tubbs and my mom has to get
socks from there anyways cuz she is
making wings tonight King you got your
list everything we need I think we have
everything we're gonna have to make do
with the few little things but I think
it'll be fine so we're gonna go home and
start making cupcakes okay we just got
home about ten minutes for Brittany came
they're here now so we started somewhere
I don't know where to hide they're gonna
look right in here blush I can't wait to
show the whole world what you did today
yeah you know you know it
I don't even suck up oh my gosh I just
jump in just
no no I'm scared oh you do almost ratted
me out what's up but hey I need a big
favor cuz I already talked to flash and
he said no look what flash did today can
I get help cleaning it come on hey that
is not good you are half the vlog today
funny thing is this makes no sense
because by the time this is edited
they've already seen your footage so we
found the camera and check out what your
dog did today oh yeah oh and if that's
not work if that's not bad enough he
chewed the rubber grip off my remote
cooler oh they should start making them
like that it's what you're saying
what are you wearing Rockstar look like
the lead singer poison right now we got
a crazy house tonight we got the kids we
got the little girl chains popcorn G
baking pains popcorn jet you look good
you look good what you guys doing up
here huh I am King Mario you definitely
look like King Mario I'll give you that
what's Noah doing what is this end of
snot oh yeah oh we actually never showed
him this no you guys know when I got my
50 Cal Barrett we had to cut the foam
out of the case and this is what the
foam was sperm guy looks like it like a
game gun how's that object how you
figuring stuff out you know it's like
becoming this crazy like it maybe it's
not maybe just because I know nothing
about it it looks like you're like doing
something here look what is that I can
spawn any of these what what a sound
like Nitro Circus stuff man that is
awesome the kids gather around and we
pronoia at word to hit the biggest rap
hit the Jets oh flip-flop pity flop
you're gonna land it's so realistic
casual day driving to work all right
guys we're trying to get liza to sleep
so we're gonna turn off the lights
settle down try to trick or maybe she's
a baby so you have to almost trick her
to go to sleep
just like that its current day again
last night what it's gonna be like
there's a warm-up it's a nice little one
we had a house for last like five and I
had to go lay with her and get her back
to sleep and that's probably easy night
yeah yeah sure
current day just so I always say current
David that's kind of irrelevant if
you've watched this vlog any day but the
day the video goes up it doesn't make no
sense if you watch it two days from now
just want to say thank you for a couple
things yesterday we hit three billion
total views on this channel which is our
yes my boy you need cheez-its
you getting vibe cheeks dude looking in
vibe cheese so thank you so much for
that insane amazing impossible we will
see you tomorrow we have to get today
started we always get backed up doing
these current days but we didn't hit it
last night and anything else crazy
Clause you know anything we have a lot
going on and you guys will see all that
tomorrow have far we love you guys so
much thank you
we are gonna sign off right here and
start tomorrow's vlog right here it's
gonna be weird hi everybody wants to
know what to film or you guys keep
telling me yesterday almost all the
comments just have no film or he did
really good proudiy buddy
you guys both did really good love you
guys you're beautiful you're one of a
kind smile
you
