hey guys what wait wait movie everybody
has to do the welcome ready you enter
the vlog come on one shot you think it's
so easy yes you're doing it oh you just
drop frosty on your pants so what I pull
up my camera everybody kind of laughs at
me because sometimes I have to do my
intro many times because I mess up or
like I stutter like it's like warming up
a car like I gotta get warmed up funny
thing is there nobody else in my family
wants to try themselves won't you give
it a shot say hey guys welcome to the
vlog that's pretty good the little I was
a little off I would call it the very
first vlog ever on this channel was
enjoyed by you it's very first vlog ever
first vlog on this channel
that's it I'm pretty sure that's the
first thing ever seen on this vlog
channel was you make him follow me
welcome to the vlog guys hope you are
feeling good hope you're having a great
day we're just getting our started
actually that's not entirely true we've
done several things already today we
went looked at a bunch of property you
guys know I've been looking for land we
wouldn't looked at a bunch of properties
up didn't fall in love with anything but
it's good to get out and just see things
and and I don't know looking at
properties investments you know things
to put money in and property right now
is kind of a shirt that it really stinks
in here it smells like that super
serious things in the works but I can't
get them started until we find property
so that's a big priority for me right
now
only niggaz thinks about it it's so
time-consuming like we're on computers
looking we have realtor looking and then
it takes time for us to actually go look
and I don't vlog it so for one it's
boring into it's kind of private right
now so that's where we're at with that
hey buddy how are ya how's my man huh
looking as gray as me dude work we're
Grande together I know you guys think
I'm joking around a lot and I'm just
goofing off a lot but this part of the
bar is very very serious nose in trouble
okay okay mom I need your help buddy
know is in serious trouble there's a
little leprechaun it got into our house
and it's god I'm Kane I need you
he's crazy oh my god human feet are safe
yeah we did it came good job buddy with
that knife trick I'll be honest it's one
thing being a dad but to wear a cape
just puts me in a whole nother a whole
nother realm you know we're just goofing
off today guys we are waiting for my
brother to get home we're gonna go to
his house tonight and dude I'm just so
glad you're safe I never want to see
anything like that happen again not in
this house
I actually said in this vlog that I was
joking about being serious in the vlogs
and now we're actually out of serious
part in the vlog I was just playing with
the kids we went from there to being in
the hospital and that's where we're at
right now we've been there and
Brittany's grandpa not doing well like
not doing well at all kind of a part of
the vlog that even a few days ago I said
that we don't put everything in our vlog
so I didn't film in the hospital I just
feel like it's not something that I
really want to put on camera it's really
not my place to do that details for
later or like yeah it's rough and it's
it's like man it's really hard for me to
even talk about like how we have to use
our time so wisely I mean today was a
real eye-opener and we may not translate
on camera because I didn't show you
everything but I went from running
around the house with my kids goofing
off shooting nerf guns tackling each
other - the phone call of like we got to
go to the hospital like that everything
can change like that so if you're if
you're watching this vlog and your eyes
are open your heart is beating be very
thankful and smile and I don't know it's
a lot
ice storm why see just like that it's
fine I have a new goal in life like a
serious goal for real what we were up
there and Brittany's grandpa was laying
in the bed and her grandma is hand
feeding him chocolate cake it's the only
thing he wanted was to eat anything all
day he can't really eat he's not really
eating so we had this appetite and they
literally ran and got him a chocolate
cake and they were hand feeding him
she was hand feeding him this chocolate
cake and it was like one of the greatest
things I've ever seen in my life and my
new goal one day like want to treat you
so well that if I'm lucky enough to live
to that age where I'm laying in a bed
that you hand feeding me chocolate cake
no you need a hand feed me chocolate
cake I'm the older one I guess just
forgive us if the energy is a little low
in this vlog he's a lot to take in and
it's it's it's just it's such a part of
life and my dad says it there's no good
time to come in the world and there's no
good time to leave it's just hard so
it's just it's reality right now so um
this is this is the best week right now
but thanks for being here and thanks for
understand that we don't film everything
and it's just not our place sometimes
but here we are in our car at the
hospital going on to see our children
yeah
well look who's greeting us who is that
oh you better go give your mother a hug
look at that
you just gave you a hug when I come home
when I come on and you run up to me like
that it's the greatest feeling in the
whole world the greatest feeling of love
I'll run to you mama how's that she said
I can't run but I would do it oh you're
back and you realize oh yeah I'm back
what are you playing now from here what
this looks awesome
what happened yeah
what do you mean I didn't do that you
open I did do that
and it was just like poor Toph I'll make
you eat it
oh that's not bad it's good I like that
you know that's a real scramble it
obviously didn't in the vlog last night
in fact we didn't even film anything
else last night came home hung out with
the kids wrestled with the kids upstairs
on the bed and we just we just hung out
kind of off-camera here we are
good morning it's current day right now
and are you writing bad oh your bag that
would be the appropriate word for you
here you go bud I think just a flavor
games all day oh we're gonna dance till
we probably will look at this dog oh man
Dale's kids are sick we can't go today I
forgot yeah why why do you always think
I'm joking I don't joke no they're
they're healthy they're fine so you guys
want to get on for this today oh yeah
I'm okay with that
today probably not well yesterday we had
some difficulties
I look so good
it's like really the best of fun this is
like easily 10 carats for apples and 2
handfuls of spinach and it is like
amazing super thin that's why I like it
alright guys I'd better in this vlog hey
you guys actually have said many times
you like the current day endings but it
actually backs me up into the next day
because I got to edit this compressor I
did edit last nights already this
they'll see this today it's current day
yep
so yeah guys thanks for hanging out with
us today I know this is a short vlog
thank you for being a huge part of our
family and being here not only with us
but for us and we got to get today
started so hopefully we get a little bit
back on track hopefully we get some
positive news about Britney's grandpa
today and other than that we absolutely
love you guys thank you for everything
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile on
you
