guess who got groomed today look at you
two beautiful doggies terrible timing
too it's been raining for almost two
days straight and you want to go out you
just want to go play in the mud
don't you I want to get all dirty daddy
I wanna be free welcome to the vlog guys
just starting out kind of where I filmed
a bit yesterday you guys watch
yesterday's vlog got water on the camera
destroyed the mic had to come on here
finish the what it was really is
confusing actually I'm not even gonna
get into it but yesterday's walk was
incredible insane if you missed it here
is a kind of a recap head true diamond
play buttons made out of plastic pretty
much made you guys believe that I shot
the real ones but here's the real one
safe and sound guys nothing wrong with
him
and big shout out to everybody that was
honest and actually commented you got me
like you tricked me I figured everybody
would have too much pride to just admit
it but I did get a lot of people come on
buddy anyways yes welcome check out
yesterday's vlog if you missed it it
really stirred things up it was great
was fun I enjoyed every second of it yo
thumbs up oh you look really energetic
too
Britney had this plan for a while but I
think it's time to show you I mean we
have to show you cuz it's gonna happen
in any any second how do you want to
show is that your present right there
that's your you're ready for me too oh
my gosh what have you done what are you
talking about you never cut your hair
off when you're pregnant last what are
you talking about I think you're losing
your mind that's what's actually
happening I don't know if I like it to
be honest I'm not you know I like just
your black hair just like straight black
hair and now you don't know crazy curl
on it blonde in it I don't it's so
pretty
he did love it Kane did love it most of
you may love it too I just I don't know
I'm such a simple person I like just her
black straight hair I could try the
Endor 360 today haven't done that
oh yeah no in a poncho give me a rain
suit
oh come on Ohio let's move
I mean like seriously let's move where
would we move I'm really like I love
where I live I love Ohio but the weather
dogs went to the groomers today they
look extra beautiful look at that look
at this look at that that's a German
Shepherd oh my god you don't feel bad
about it's just you buddy it's just you
see you cane so my brother his kids and
wife were here and we all clippity-clop
eating you watching yesterday's long
smells like garbage in here Dale came up
with this idea not my idea at all
dang now it is my idea to do it inside
because it's raining out we really want
to get this thing out shut this thing
yesterday's vlog it is a grappling hook
guys this sucker shoots through the sky
hooks onto things then you climb up we
didn't have a castle wall to try it on
so we brought our own wall looks like
you can screw unscrew this and put a
spike on it we don't have that but it
looks like you can bar goal is to see if
this will shoot through a wall is this
pregnancy stuff yeah I know my vitamins
be raw prenatal so we'll tie it to
something so safe you can't go that far
we gotta go get this wall though let's
find your leg and see if it trips you
all and be painful what are they doing
this we found a wall oh yeah nice wall
so you guys actually think this is a
good idea I don't think it's a good idea
either
what if you break one of the chairs no
blows the glass from the fish tank out
can you imagine
don't even joke I think we alright
alright guys so we got our make-believe
wall the idea is that you would wait
there's you get blurry come on blur bag
wow got really blurry so here's what we
got we got our fake wall here which is
actually a sheet of drywall which is
basically what this is right here and
the idea is that this goes through the
wall opens up and then you could pull
the wall down yes
ooh nice nice so we are gonna storm a
castle wall it's the best castle wall
it's like a dream come true dude how
about the windows where the archer sit
you need them like you know the castle
windows yeah oh he's raising a flag
nothing to take down a small more castle
now a drawbridge we got we've got a
shoot the door down yes the castle door
naama where do you get your inspiration
you know a lot of you know castle art
that I've been checking out and studying
who inspires to you know create I like
how you took multiple time periods and
mixed it into like this just beautiful
masterpiece it's a true work I like how
you have you know the medieval time
period but also the modern design - you
get the modern architecture nice wide
doorways you got you got - nowadays and
wide doorways get the bigger our framing
and cuz couches are bigger now beds are
bigger you've got to have the big door
that's smart really good design I mean
we go castles built our goal is to storm
the castle shoot the grappling into the
door boom pull the door down nice if we
made a slight cut into the door into the
back of the door we may have a better
chance of pulling the drawbridge down
hmm
don't forget about the alligators that
surround the door you have to jump over
it we have never shot it actually now if
we fast-forward 20 minutes from now then
I could say we have shot it the rope
braces
yeah what if it does rope break break
okay 550 pounds years ago back in
elementary school so this weighs about 6
ounces at a maximum velocity coming out
of the gun
of maybe 300 feet per second that turns
into I don't know
worst case scenario it blows the
aquarium up the pinball machine it
ricochets off kills your flat-screen TV
and then goes through the door yeah
makes you feel better we moved the
pinball machine over about 4 feet dude
Castle looks good I'm not gonna lie
whoever did the castle why Wow
I'm ready so if the gun don't do it we
got a handle dispensing right here oh
that's it pull the old castle
so you did cover the fish tank that's
pure protection you're worried you're
worried oh yeah that does look like
Kevlar yellow you're sure yeah Kevlar
come alone
Kevin ello so in case you guys don't
know these are two to three blanks they
were just blank rounds and I'll shoot a
bullet they don't shoot anything really
still dangerous though still dangerous
nothing you want to eat nothing you want
to play with you know me without hassle
yeah all right so we have it hooked to
the rope but we want to make sure it
doesn't go through the drywall and then
into the other wall so we're gonna run a
rope around the island yes it's gonna be
the stopping the ropes gonna grab the
island and stop it right after so it
can't go through - yes so go ahead and
take this that way through the castle
wall she this is the maximum distance no
come on Brit you must done lost your
mind girl can't go any further than that
lock it down lock her down baby
the big so even though we're only
shooting slow-motion with a GoPro and my
Sony requires a lot of light so even at
240 frames this is really darks we're
gonna set up some extra lights so I'll
be performing this castle is a dangerous
mission I need you to take the kids
upstairs put them in a private room
cover their ears we're going in this
castle got it no I think this is one of
the dumbest ideas you've ever had ever
yeah I'll take that let me we're ready
let's just shoot this thing we've got
lights we've got slo-mo cam we got GoPro
we've got a castle all right guys
do not try this at home I'm assuming now
I've never shot this before but we have
it pretty safe I can't hear anything
you're saying
look grandpa he goes in dude that's
gonna come out hard hard
that's like vacuum going down yeah oh my
gosh I think such a bad idea around your
ankle number on one weight one arm you
go one arm already on one you record
three you see that surprise don't not
kidding I thought it went all the way
through we wouldn't need good back in
the day when you were me castles ninja
stuff like that oh yeah you can see the
shadow of it open my face says it all in
the slo-mo cam I'm just like oh no I
thought it went some reason I thought
the rope snapped and it just went
through debris flying check our oh honey
it cracked just kidding I can't believe
it stayed on that though I thought what
do you mean I like pull it up Derby Day
that was sweet you want to shoot a piece
of the door dude I
love to shoot it's very polite uh no
problem at all
easy and in a book open so you can pull
you can pull it but my brain wasn't even
working like literally it went doing my
brains when it's through my bedroom it's
too much I think I think we try car door
next a car doors try to get through a
car door no way ever never I have the
limo I have the limo let's go shoot the
limo right now okay
store my life we got we got to get
through this car juice uh uh inside baby
good boy
um bump bump bump bump bump bump it's
like freaking alien like is it is so
muddy listen how many times you get to
shoot a grappling hook ar-15 through the
windshield of a limousine Cadillac baby
yeah and a Cadillac but what's the rope
tied to your foot all right I feel like
I should aim low ready ready oh where is
it well you didn't go through the window
at all I hit the little hood thing oh I
think I heard just lightbulbs through
here the windshields perfect where's the
grappling uh there's a rope no there's
no God it might be back in the woods
there's the Rope there's the Rope
there's the grappling right there where
the light is ready you got it pull that
door up here we go
yes oh my god got your Marlin yeah there
you go the whole windows gone but I was
good that's perfect I can't believe it
just nothing like effortlessly blows
through things I gotta go I'll be right
back
Oh spider-man kiss you even I don't know
oh I'm gonna go pick up my boy no uh all
right just get serious for just a minute
please
every fans been saying about me
hey guys going to pick up Noah which is
amazing because it's only Thursdays its
first and it is Thursday I'm going to
get Noah and I got him all weekend
Friday Saturday Sunday which is amazing
super exciting for me and the family I
do want to take a second and actually
thank you guys for yesterday's vlog I
played a big trick on everybody I mean
it's not like I blew up my diamond play
buttons first of all and it's not like I
blow up the diamond play buttons and
never told you guys like that would have
been bad I told you in the video it's
all part of the joke the amount of
people that just jumped to the
conclusion that I did it without ever
watching the video cracked me out like
people were like my viewers people that
watch me every day was just slaying me
like calling me the worst names and I'm
a piece of crap and they didn't say crap
and then they watch the video and they
apologize it was just so funny to me how
fast people were to just jump on me like
those that did watch the whole video and
just laugh cuz it was funny
Thank You Man you're friggin rock and
here's some more crazy vlogs and just
fun stuff you know okay we're gonna tell
the kids that you're not here right okay
it can you hear the movie it's he
couldn't come
yeah I went but turns out there Kenton
yeah
stinks I wish she was here too buddy I
really do what are you looking for when
you think he's just gonna appear
what are you doing Zeus Zeus rats
everybody out
dance come dance deep I told you nothing
it's cold dude going in that is that's
gonna do it for our blog today guys
everyone's gone kind of warping into the
night got the house all cleaned up and
reset in a flash you look comfortable
too we we had to pull all the couch
cushions off there was drywall inside
all the cracks is a master there's still
a whole bunch against that wall did I
wake you up
did I wake you up anyway guys thank you
so much for hanging out with us today
what a goofy night that was had fun
always have fun my brother man so lucky
to have him in my life so close to me
other than that guys that's the video I
hope you enjoyed today we will see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful keep your head up be
positive don't worry about anything guys
worrying never changes the outcome I
mean it absolutely changes nothing to
worries fight to not worry I love you
guys man keep your head up be positive I
love you you're one of a kind smile
you
