we're almost there done is we've been
waiting all day watch it's gonna go down
we did it came you can't even catch me
if you wanted to boom it's not what I
wanted to start the vlog but we've been
waiting all day for that just to turn
over good job good job good job good job
that's an appropriate cup good job
you're just gonna wake up that's gonna
be in your bed so here we are again
thanking you guys 11 million it seems
like I've seen tweets that like didn't
we just hit 10 million yesterday that's
that's really what it feels like this
was a really quick million if you're
subscribed thank you so much we're just
getting our vlog started and we have one
job today and that is to take down this
Christmas tree that that one right there
alright we're getting our boots our coat
on Dale has something to help me take
this tree down what is it hey I got I
got the tools for the job I got the
tools for the job
Wow guys it is like it's like brisk cold
I wonder what the temperature is it's
got to be in the single digits all right
what you got for high I got what you
need this will get the problem taken
care of
oh that tree it's faint tree look oh my
god
dude
anybody can carve ice how many people
carve pumpkins dude pumpkin ice carving
see people carve ice and they carve
pumpkins but nobody carves frozen
pumpkins dude
well honestly that's a new thing here's
the deal I like your idea yeah it's bad
that's I'm a big fan of that but it's a
fake tree and it's really expensive tree
I don't think we should cut it maybe you
can look at me being responsible maybe
you could just like make Brittany think
you can take it in and pretend yeah I
love that and be like Dale Dale brought
me over what we need to take the tree
down I love that let's do that should we
make predictions on what she's gonna say
she's gonna say no
what do you mean Roman that's a fake
tree you can't cut that down for the
first time ever Brittany and I might be
on the same page Brittany's in her
office with Jess right now I think we
should do is I should be like Mike Brent
we're taking the tree down she's gonna
make okay and then I should start yeah
perfect does this make it so you can't
like get cut or something yeah so if the
chainsaw blade hits this there's like
Kevlar fiber or whatever and it stops
the saw it just goes it chain proof fast
I got proof exactly your hats coming off
pretty meticulous you need a legit coat
either fine this is like what the heck
if you do it dude is it caught on yeah
you record yeah
honey honey I'm gonna deal in are gonna
take the tree down cool all right sweet
we're gonna do Kim over the good idea
take the tree on do you know how
expensive that tree was oh yeah we're
gonna take you now but we just go cut
something out back you know that's
two-cycle get to suckle gasoline yes
we'll miss so we're gonna go in and
check on the kids make sure that tree
comes down the right baby I love you
she didn't say don't do it she just said
is expensive it's true
well it's so uh no you don't even need a
coat you know all right so we're gonna
go ahead and tell the kids that we're
gonna change all the Chi down even
though we're not I think that's a good
idea
great plan Roman did you scare him to
death all right I'm going with your
thoughts cause it's a really bad idea I
mean I bet they lock the door - I bet
they're they were well-planned dude they
were eating ice cream and junk food all
right we're taking the tree down guys
ready it's ready to say timber you guys
say timber before Falls okay remember to
notch the front and then take it from
the back notch the back and then okay
got it
oh no no I'm going to cut the tree down
that's how that's what it's come to is
that everything I do is so actually
believable that maybe my dad would do
that I'm not gonna cut it down here's
the real deal we are we are gonna take
this tree down tonight however you guys
you guys actually might be disappointed
in me I'm not gonna jump I'm not gonna
ride a bike into I'm not gonna take the
RC and pull it down I'm not going to
risk destroying this tree and this is
why okay Nana Nana Nana video is this
tree is extremely expensive like it is
way too expensive for even me to want to
destroy it so we're gonna save it this
year yeah look how many decorations are
we're done Todd took the ladder so what
I think Dale's gonna have to do is push
from the back I'll stand in the front
and it should just come down put the
floor into the basement no we won't hit
the fan all right if my math is correct
we should be able to just tip that tree
over everyone can laugh at me anytime I
get hurt you understand I'm gonna stand
boy doll see that's love it's love I
know you do okay without further ado
we're gonna kick this baby over now
here's my worry here's my worry guys you
see this way this tree is designed by
the way it's a fake tree is if you
didn't know the bars fall down so if it
falls and these go down you break the
hinges I don't want to break the hinges
being such a baby about this I know here
we go guys the absolute opposite way to
take the tree down you're supposed to
take each piece from the top all the way
to the bottom down but we're just gonna
go for this
this trees so legit they actually put
bark on it I know it but he made it look
like bar that's what I'm saying it's oh
we didn't mean I'm sure all done done no
no no I think one of the kids may pulled
it out we did a good job look down here
look at the cut look how good the cut is
look at the cut look at fella look it
fell on one of the kids but he's fine I
don't understand this it's supposed to
go in these bags - okay well bought it
but there they are every single Pete
look how much space you need just for
the bags amazing Caine look how much
room we have for the vibe dude lots of
space
yeah once this is gone yeah we can open
up the whole floor
I just
I just trying to remember this moment
where you swept the floor teamwork makes
the dream work baby look at this we got
our carpet back you have like a serious
rebuild of this house there's so much
stuff everywhere
get my pinball machine back over and so
in yesterday's vlog we got this box guys
and it actually came from the same place
came from the same place that set our
diamond play but we have not opened it
yes don't open it you can open maybe
it's for you it's not for me
it's just really weird because I like
I'm not expecting anything but I know
there's a box it's really gold oh that's
me Nord yeah I forgot about this is so
long ago okay
funny story I want a Streamy Award for
pranks 2016 but here's the funny thing
even funnier than that
you guys know 2014 worked my butt off
and pranks dude I mean I I lived pranks
2015 slayed it that's all I did I tried
so hard to do big pranks never won both
years never won 2016 are practically
quit pulling pranks all together and I
went in a word for pranks but it's all
good it'll go get on the shock laughter
so kinda looks like a woman I have to
superglue that on there but that looks
like a woman to you it's a one man it's
both its we got it all right there it
could be a man it could be a girl cuz a
girl for the one right so the plaque has
to be for both right it looks more
girlish I agree to slim its slim narrow
face then why did it the chest
definitely resembles maybe a female
yeah wide hips hips like she's wearing a
skirt well either way I'm happy to have
it it is cool it'll look good on our on
our collection it's just so weird it's
been so long
when was that a work-shy no one's gonna
remember the award show I didn't
participate the one year I did not
participate I didn't go we want so so I
tweeted out a picture of Flash and I
asked you guys to just put this picture
like put flash in funny situations and
places it was just such a funny picture
flash I had tears in my eyes just
laughing I was like I gotta post this so
you guys you guys took it into your own
hands
and came up with some absolutely
ridiculous photos so here we go I'm
gonna show you some of these I told you
I'd feature some of them okay this is
the original picture of Flash literally
standing on the back porch looking up at
nothing I I don't know what he was
looking at but he did remember this
picture and look at this one is that
awesome okay this one's just awesome
like somebody did a really good job on
this that is they literally flash
standing on the porch like that that one
was from Ty CICE thank you that is
amazing I believe I can fly cuz I say
jetpack Flash ballerina flash is that
what that would be but this is a you
know flash just checking out the monster
truck we had this is from our backyard
this actually happened at our house and
Flash's checking it out oh I mean what
can I say flash is a good swimmer I
think my he's my pee again
it's just flash casually cruising
through town he always does this you
know we got abducted flash flash going
up to the UFO this is fair ride flash
run swings I love that ride by the way
we've got flash who has looks like he's
heading up to heaven we've got not the
actual picture flash but this is flash
this is pretty impressive Wow you know
flash just ordered some food no big deal
super flash this is a picture of me cane
at the circus with flash I told you we
went there
that one looks pretty real man
somebody did a good job I never vlogged
it but this is a flash and I playing
golf the other day had a great pair the
the Atwood trooper is a bunch of flash
dogs just parachuting through this guy
this flash diving out in front of a
white GTR a little high dive action it's
a flash of some smile more business
meetings no big deal I I think this goes
without saying guys you are the best you
are the greatest I got the best viewers
in the entire world hands down I put
that out there and you just you you had
us cracking I don't even capture the
real just family laughter from all the
pictures you guys sent us so thank you
so much for participating that I think
we should do more things like that
Photoshop contest when I say Photoshop
doesn't mean they have to use Photoshop
is just kind of like a vague term that I
use to like chops pictures up so we love
you guys so much thank you for the
support
11 million subs and forgive me for not
destroying this Christmas tree I hope
that a lot of you actually understand
this was a very expensive tree and I
just I even me
the guy that will trash the limo and
trash things for entertainment didn't
want to destroy this tree so yeah
forgive me for that it was still a lot
of work flash doing a beach ball
basketball always playing with a with a
seal sea lion that is you know either
way guys thank you for absolutely every
year so much every day that I just feel
like I have to spend so much time
thanking you guys for what you do for us
here as a family so we love you thank
you you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
you
