welcome to the vlog guys hope you're
feeling good I'm just waking up it
doesn't look like it but I'm a zombie
right now look at this play these guys
ready three two one blast off
Oh are you sleeping with flash he's that
will wake you up I'll wake you up for
waking me up all the time you wanna know
why I'm so excited you want to know why
I'm so excited the warning good morning
mama this week so I go by who
exciting I I gotta go
I gotta go out here come on just come
with me okay and I'll be right back
something came in I'm really excited
about it here's the reason I'm up today
the only reason I'm up right now I
literally would be asleep right now from
editing and Missy let's see let me see
we see flash we see get me hit oh my god
it's freezing
come on come on come on come on come on
come on where's this everybody Eddie you
ready this way this way this way go get
it Go Go Go
hi guys so here it is this is why I'm so
excited right here how much dog hair I
got dude look like a dog after you guys
once I give me all this yes what's that
oh can you tell me to hold it wait what
is that body a body
Oh awesome
what what is that whoever shipped those
diamond play buttons really yeah oh you
two that that's really weird okay
hope you're having a great day I'm
really excited about this and now I'm
completely wondering what that is
because that is who sent our diamond
play button so that's weird
Zippity doo-dah mole I know what this is
do you know what this is it's a bison
it's a brand new for me for you you know
you're gonna ramp with it oh you can
ramp case you don't know about 30-some
vlogs if I went to floor and an atom LZ
made me a custom BMX bike it's actually
his brand his bike check that out says
LZ in the back I freaking love this
thing I'm so excited it looks like he
said look he sent you something flash
look look happy birthday it's not your
birthday what are those for and you
gummy gummy bears this must be for your
office Brit oh I don't know what you
doing dude but you sent me all kinds of
weird stuff here mom wall career this is
Mama's that's what this is let's let's
crown her Mama's the queen of the city
pull this baby out pain is so pretty
it's like one of the bikes it's so nice
you don't want to ride it because it's
look we go pretty it is it's gold that
better today in the garage mister what I
better not feed outside spoiling our
bedroom Adamson's Adam sent you a ladle
the zip tie this makes you smile more
their game there's a box with zip ties
and something in it pumpkin seeds yeah
good night
we can plant some pumpkins yeah look at
my little mr. handyman there furball
baby I can do it all you know look at
that
look at that that's a swivel technique
right there this is looking at you like
you're crazy the actual day Adam gave me
this bike he took me to the skate park
why do you guys probably remember this
case you don't he taught me how to do a
360 like a full 360 on a BMX bike now I
used to do them in the past
barely but with Adams help I did it in
like what seven tries six tries mm here
we are at the skate park we're not
leaving until I land or at least come
close to landing at 360 there you go I
mean you you showed six or seven tries
in a blog we don't really know that's
wrong many are wrong are you enjoying
your ice cream over there look how he's
standing but you're so strange
very careless towards your fingers cut
the tape right here perfect you know
what those are those are pedals and pegs
you have pegs on your bike Cana items
should make like a toddler version of
this be sick Adam get on it boy
kids watch your videos sis you don't
sound very manly over there squeaking
that little ball honey are you sure you
got that on there correct actually it's
not backwards or anything
this cable should be in the front oh oh
you're fixing today
uh-oh
he's shortened it he fixed it for me see
that side smile my bike yes on the front
- yeah you sure you know how to put the
tire on pushin me because what if that
Snyder falls off by Orion it'd probably
be really battery oh look at this guilty
dog / did you already get a whole 1
minute
flashy okay I got the area cleaned up a
little bit and I think like
traditionally with this bike every time
I get it out I should have to do
something with it because it's a sweet
bike I can totally turn on this bike I'm
old school so I don't know this new BMX
stuff but I do know the classic like the
traditional stuff I think I should ramp
off something like maybe this counter
yeah but it's cold it's snowy it's icy
it's snow tires and I'm not ramping I'm
just dropping I don't have a drop off
outside guys you know I'm right here you
know I'm right look Yeah right out there
it's like a Antarctica blast off I'm
glad he's not my boy I'm glad he's not
my house
let's just see what it looks like and
let me see if I feel because it may be
too hard for me look that's like seven
or eight hundred foot tall if you're an
aunt honey are you I'm using my tub
Horrible's from Christmas to the
handlebars too far back way too far back
I need to push them forward here to get
your handy dandy tool kit out are you
picking on me
you picked on I think I do the picking I
think it's because if you want something
you can put it together but when I need
something you have no idea what you're
doing it's a bike it's like four bolts
you want like countertops I'll put in
the wall
see ya I'll destroy the whole I think
oh my gosh what if you bust your head on
the floor did you get the laugh at me
what did you put a whole lot hurt you
you guys you want straight to the
basement oh my gosh look homies what if
you look just gonna try there's no
running space like I'm literally just
like you're not hop off if you were
gonna do a drop you'd have some speed
and then the drops really easy you just
you soar like a plane and you you hit
the runway right can't go anywhere like
nowhere so this is a bad idea
yeah yeah what for an inexperienced bike
rider yeah okay for Adam he would be
like you know I'm just gonna do a
tailwhip off this countertop real quick
I don't know why he's talking like that
you guys can't be in here it's not safe
for you to be inside right now honey and
I think you have a shoe out here how
many must take someone wrong uh what
about zip ties you just zip tie it up
like this one is it zip tied up like oh
you're healthy you did that by the way
okay
I believe doing having here's me
laughing at him serious you know but
this is a good idea you came up with it
see you're helping me now Oh cuz I don't
want to light broken that's the only
reason yep think about me or my safety
it'll be like that for three months oh
then it would be enough I'll just try to
leave it this side of the counter on
your chin
yeah it's called manly facial hair are
you sure sure sure 100% you ready here's
the thing no I'm not ready look I want
to do something this bike no I do I do
outside plow the driveway the driveway
and riding the dresser this plow
issues oh my head is alright if I pop up
at all just because just from talking
the front end up like I would if I was
doing this there yep somebody's ready to
go now you end up with a little hoppity
hop now what RIT no you didn't want
that's enough no more tricks no more
just want a little trick okay next trick
maybe not today alright not today I have
to learn to do a 360 on flat ground no
job that's been a dream of mine since I
was 18 months old honey really sound
like you're bringing the health sound so
much fun Adam thank you for the bike
buddy seriously I can't wait till you
come up we're gonna collab you guys
definitely want a clap with us - because
he's gonna I'm sure we could amp things
up a bit we should do it when we have
snow she says like now no more snow than
that you know I believe that rope job
though look at that that's real handyman
like don't let handyman for you that is
handyman right there you know it's crazy
this is cool I don't know if I tell you
at one point in my life probably fifteen
years old I thought that my career was
professional be a mess that's really
what I thought I was gonna do like that
was my dream I never thought I loved
filming like that was what I love to do
but I thought that I was gonna be moving
i cider that's so funny
yeah no no BMX was different when
seriously when I was growing up BMX was
so different now if you're not doing
like triple backflips at 15 you're yeah
love that bike so much - for two -
tricks successfully done the counter
jump and the 360 what's next tell me in
the comments what do I have to do on
this bikes next I know what everybody's
gonna say but be real be real I can't do
a triple we gotta get that foam pit we
got to get that foam pit up and talking
a new uniform see she's on board you got
nerve darts I need Nerf darts these kids
want to sit in their room all day and
play video games okay I'm gonna take
care of that this box this is no well
this should be enough where's the big
nerf machine gun I had okay I got to
sneak up there and get it should be easy
boom boom boom boom boom potatoes
potatoes forgive this thing what yeah oh
you just do one these are these Nerf
darts oh wait you got to use the yellow
one in this gun this is daddy take over
get off the video games do you think
you're cool dad I'm not fun I said cool
I don't think really you think your
dorky yeah keep it down if you want this
door 30 they already saw me up there
like what are you doing I'm going over
hey you know how to load this thing yeah
baby I know I know a thing or two about
guns maybe yeah
doesn't even have batteries yeah I put
batteries in it last night so today
before we meet of the year film an film
crew let's go eat let's go hon some
gamers are we sure showed them baby
we sure taught them a lesson I bet
they're not gonna play video games all
day now oh that thing ain't hang that up
next month I got you okay guys we've uh
we've come to a mutual agreement today
that we're going to make a very short
vlog and actually get a whole bunch of
stuff done you know we're we're kind of
in over our head with business stuff so
forgive us I hope you're having a
wonderful day please smash that like
button for more BMX tricks that out of
my league I want to do things that
aren't easy like I want to do things
that challenge myself if you want to see
one of those hit that like button for me
thank you for supporting us even on
short vlog today was fun though like her
I they had such a great day we love you
guys thank you so much for the support
and love and I guess instead of skipping
the vlog we at least uploaded something
for you today so I hope you understand
that thank you for everything
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile
you
