whoo we gotta guys come no no no this
way this way welcome to the vlog guys
finally got the new drone out and I'm
starting today's vlog exactly where I
left off yesterday got my boys out there
playing in the snow
I said now we just need more of it it's
like not enough it's like right in the
middle so welcome guys here we are I got
this guy out and now look I'm not drunk
flower I don't claim to be good at
flying drones in fact I'm terrible I
will say unless I'm doing it wrong the
gimbals really loose on this one like
it's really kind of I don't know it's
awesome I just don't know if I like it
as much as my uh my white one a big one
we've honestly been so busy last couple
of days we've been lucky to have a vlog
at all so thanks for hanging out with us
uh basically thanks for hanging out with
us when the vlogs aren't so exciting and
they're just kind of laid-back go crazy
dude he's crazy he's made there's just
no denying his dog is made for the snow
he loves it he goes crazy in it yeah you
you you can't get it out Noah wants the
this car has a golden key the key is
gold and it's stuck in that you probably
yank the wheel a wheels probably locked
we should camp in this car
24-hour campout when I was building the
rafts if you guys missed the vlog we
were ramping over this limo when I was
building it the weight of the dirt just
the dirt alone broke all the windows out
boom yes we got the golden keys Charlie
hang it up in your room did things pass
everything in this cars band you always
take these loggers off and send them to
to two of our viewers you guys want the
caddy logos oh there's one in the back -
it's pretty cool yeah these would be fun
to give away they're nice also just so
you know this car has been out here for
how long did it maybe 10 days or
something look the lights are still
go on we can retake it all you gotta cut
it really yeah
cuz it's like a CF proof Steph proof
eddie snow flip human flip you in flip
challenge nice
you said you couldn't do it one that's
more like it
that's a perfect snow angel that's
weasels you need help okay I'm coming in
let's see if we fog up when we come in
it's gonna get foggy it's not 1998
Cadillac limo key I can't even express
when you're sitting in this chair with
that headset on and this is what you're
seeing dude it is terrifying you
actually feel like you're sitting in a
car does it feel like it makes you dizzy
like ready Zeus you ready to burn some
energy dogs he's pushing I'm not darling
ready watch out watch out oh it's
already oh my gosh
this is awesome get flashed trying to
get it he's not even chasing it getting
lazy I think I Jack the camera out with
that one this is face this your frozen
dude yo it is a different type of snow
look at this truck no it's like caked
not too bad I get a serious what if we
try to pull you on a sled with the RC
you want to try I think I could do it
right here and just pull you across the
porch I'm gonna go for a slickest our
slickest sled got a fine of sled dogs
sled dogs that's yeah we just have these
really slick boogie boards I got these
but they're like huge and it's like
vinyl it's not super slick you know what
actually works really well cardboard
like a sheet of cardboard you slide
really well here it is dude I probably
got this boogie board look how
disgusting is if I got this boogie board
in the Carolinas years and years ago
oh it's slick punch did I think it's
gonna pull you no problem it's just
gonna be like weight on the truck across
that porch I think unfortunately because
I have traction inside I don't think the
tires will grip out here maybe she's
gonna have to have weight to the truck
who wants to go first all right guys
here's our first test keen is setting up
for his first run it's gonna be hard
with the stalks
Wow
it wills have no problem that I have no
traction I'm just spinning you can see
the burnout marks look at a box of
shotgun shells this is a really heavy
box I mean the truck squatting almost
all the way to the ground okay I've
officially strapped all the way to the
truck it's really about traction at this
point we already know it can do it
nothing this is RC sledding check this
out okay
all right here's the ultimate test Noah
is 80 pounds 70 all right it's all about
traction man I should screw a bunch of
screws into the tires you can't even see
the truck it's got you
it's got you it's got you yes yes
already hang on now you go on Oh like
nothing
that is amazing I would have never ever
got a thought that an RC can pull you
with that weight that is amazing dude I
never ever ever thought this thing I
mean it's a beast it's a lot of weight
when I came home I thought that was like
a weird RC with the top on it
oh my gosh the dumpster
I cannot believe that our seas pulling
him like nothing I'm barely even it's
just truck oh my gosh you're making me
nervous
I'll come pick you up that's amazing
oh geez trampled fest that was
absolutely amazing amazing it does live
here alright guys that is going to do it
for our vlog today I am so sorry it's so
short we are finally all caught up on
everything that we should we should we
should be back on track Britney has had
so many things she has to do with the
store and other things that we just day
we're not filming on camera walks
playing it tomorrow on tomorrow's vlog I
hope other than that I had an absolute
blast my kids today that snow and our
see things like a dream to me can eat
like imagine me at five years old and
just being flung around on an RC truck
like wow this may not be the last time
we see this I love this idea and I think
we can do something with it we will see
you tomorrow the street continues we're
on close to like 40 vlogs in a row and
it feels good to be back even though
when I'm doing the streak and I'm trying
to keep the streak going I do find
myself vlogging less interesting things
I find myself vlogging guy I feel like
three vlogs in a row now been kind of
like because we have so much to do but
if I wasn't worried about keeping the
streak going I would take a couple days
off to make sure that the vlogs coming
up we're awesome and cool and from I'm
just be honest with you guys
everyday vlogs you do you do kind of
fall into the quantity over quality
where I've always liked quality over
quantity so I don't know I know you guys
see like all the vlogs either way and
maybe maybe that's true
just me mentally I'm like I want to
create bigger things and funner things
and I don't know tell me what you guys
think I've had an absolute blast filming
every single day it has been great we
absolutely love you here at our house
and I hope you're feeling good I hope
you're having a great day and I hope
whether you're going to bed or just
waking up good night or good morning we
love yet you're beautiful you're one of
a kind smile more
you
