welcome to 2017 guys it is the first day
that your January 1st I got my brother
following me back here we've got the
quads loaded up the ATVs we've got
drones we've got toys I don't want to
give it all up but we've got a very big
well rounded welcoming to the new year
dear hope you're feeling good hope
you're having a great beginning of the
year make this year your year it is your
year you've got to make it happen it's
not just gonna happen it's not gonna be
luck that this year is yours you're
gonna earn it and you're gonna start
dreaming but your eyes are gonna be open
you're gonna be living life I promise
you you can do it and I will be here to
help motivate you inspire you every
single day I might miss a few days don't
hold me to that one all I'm saying is
you can do it you will do it let's start
this vlog it is warm it's like 50 in
January in Ohio which just never happens
so let's go have some fun let's use this
sunshine for good and welcome to the
vlog so I got something to show you guys
I haven't figured out the best way to
show you so I'm just gonna do it today I
figured January 1st is the perfect day
to release this beast it's the newest
member of the family and it's in this
case right here can anybody guess what
this is before I open it it's really
heavy it's super big I think we're ready
to go
look at this property look at that gun
range look who showed up
mr. rody what somebody is amazing
dreamland this is like I thought this
was your land I wish it was my land
I haven't even showed this open it
oh man it's a teaser that sicker would
give the bullet mmm look at that
where are these guns for like killing
coming back I brought the GoPros in the
drone and I think I want to put this
thing near the Barrett
I bought a Barrett guys I bought it and
I didn't know how to show you guys I was
waiting for like something cool to do I
was waiting for mat from demolition
ranch maybe we were gonna collab it's
like the king man it's like it's like
the cat's meow the dogs bark I'm very
proud of it it's not something everybody
can buy it's hard to it's hard to get so
I'm thrilled to have it and I'm happy to
show you guys and maybe we'll make some
really interesting videos with it like
today I have something credibly special
to do with it so let's go we're it's
canned pigeon I don't see dirt alright
we've done a little bit of shooting
today we are gonna head down and do a
very something special a very something
special something very special I got the
drone extra GoPro my brother we got like
a train of people
got a fun property guys look that's the
next that's the next move for me man
lots of property lots of land we can do
anything we want imagine the
possibilities like literally what we
could do all right guys I just want to
say happy new years huge just huge happy
new years guys let's start this year out
right let's be positive let's go on this
as a team this year here we go you ready
dun dun dun dun dun everybody's cameras
are rolling
everybody ready Wow
oh my gosh I've in mind these are dead
so they're pretty weak with still the
amount of destruction alright guys we're
gonna do a little trail ride I'm not
sure how much of this I can film but uh
it's some awesome trails leave this I
don't know which way they went
I feel like that way I feel like that
way it's so beautiful back here man we
need more land guys hashtag for
so much freedom shoot you can drive you
can rap blow up
coming in hot Oh put your foot out oh my
god this is hard to film guys this is
Wow okay probably one of the most
difficult filming conditions for me
one-hand driving and vlogging it's fun
but it's tough here we go here we go
through the river oh this is ridiculous
no these things are amazing Matt like
they just take you anywhere I can't get
over oh there's a fish
four-wheeler Todd's in the hole
well that is black mud
it's like MotorStorm you remember the
game motorstorm
he's just pulling him backwards there he
goes
go go go go
yo that's not good what are you giving
her a bath all right guys so we raid
raid we rode all through till darkness
it's completely dark out what an amazing
ride that was last time I had that much
fun on a four-wheeler I was in Finland
actually with Dennis with the Dudesons
riding trails through the mountains and
the snow and it was just it was pretty
intense I think it's actually on this
channel somewhere that is something
everybody needs to do like you have to
try that fine trails you can you can
even find companies that will let you
rent quads do that with your family is
so fun that being said I'm going to get
my boy Noah
it's Sunday we get to go home hang out
as a family and that's really where
we're at guys what's up your wild
animals subdued I know I hear you flash
where you been all day
where you been all day well I got a flat
tire guys this tire is flat doesn't look
like it but look I'll just push it in
Plus look on the quad sitting crooked
it looks like whole different tire have
you ever tried a cane back home not
really cleaned up I am change and we
bout to eat some dinner Kate have you
ever tried sauerkraut Britney put a
little sauerkraut on everyone's plate
tell them what you asked me that was you
asked if it was poop poop chops
I wonder who wants some food this this
Zeus just here it's basically like
pickled cabbage right
like huh it's really good on sausage
like a bra don't look too convinced I
didn't start liking the sauerkraut so I
was older and I could put it on like a
bra bratwurst with sauerkraut that looks
like the best dessert you gotta finish
your food dude for dessert strawberry
short creak and whipped cream strawberry
shortcake good try to pick it up see if
you can pick it up the whole case you
can barely drag it stand up all right
now lift ready you can't so guys there's
a couple things I don't want to do one
of them being cleaning the guns that I
shot today and I don't even think it got
dirty to be honest oh yeah there's some
dirt this thing is an absolute beast is
shot like a tank today I mean it was
just like insane it's hard to appreciate
the size of this gun until you see you
can see the gun with Britt it's a
monster dude I think eventually I'm
gonna have this powder coated or a
powder whatever they call it where they
dip them and they're like customized I
hope you enjoyed today I had an absolute
blast most of it was you know a lot of
his off camera because I could not I
couldn't ride and well I mean I did I
did the best I could but we love you
here at the atwood house and we will see
you tomorrow thanks for hanging out
today and tell me in the comments today
if you would change this or keep it the
stock color I love this color and I
think eventually it's got to be switched
out to some custom like one-of-a-kind
never seen before I mean this is a very
special gun every time you pull that
trigger it's between 7 and 10
each time each time you shoot one of
these magazines it's between 70 and $100
so it's very very expensive to even
shoot it which means when we do shoot it
it's for something very special other
than that it's really kind of an
investment in a long-term thing for you
know passed down generations that's
pretty much how I'm looking at it thank
you guys we love you we'll see you
tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
