welcome to the vlog guys how are you
what's up what's up damn is that
grapefruit yeah I look so friggin good
gotta put sugar on top that's like the
secret okay you broke your mommy
today's one's gonna be a little
different than most plugs because today
we have a lot a lot to get done
personally and behind the scenes so
we're gonna come on here do a little fun
Q&A for you guys switch things up a
little bit so that we can get done I
have to do all the voice-over and all
kinds of work for my New Year's video
coming out and I just want it to be
perfect for you guys
so instead of skipping a day I thought
we would come on here do something fun
and different for you guys and kind of
switch it up a little bit I'm gonna take
Flash out real quick Zeus out real quick
where I'm out with the big RC truck and
I hope you guys are having an awesome
day let's go what is this you coming out
with me put a coat on grab your coat
it's beautiful it's sunny it's cool but
it's it's like nice it's comfortable a
little light jacket you're good watch
out flash here we come yeah you're ready
Wow come on pick it up Zeus come
I totally missed it but he got it you
earned that one you got it yeah what did
you do to my camera
well this camera's finite last much
longer
ouch oh it's so hard to drive with one
hand and film at the same time it's so
tricky Oh game do you see these
Christmas lights are still on
look at this I'm just guessing that it's
not really made for the dirt what's a
great idea dude it'd look pretty clean
until you just went through that
oh hi Suze you tired
you look tired in your free and muddy
that thing's a beast I look out Kings
coming outside on his board now it's all
muddy I don't know where he gets this
from I don't know where he gets this
crazy ideas from okay everything and
everybody is officially muddy and we're
gonna break this thing out Brittany got
me a grip it's called a Riddler riddler
riddle air this sucker looks mean
we trap oh it's big yeah thanks for
pointing it out it's pretty this Riddler
and I was like I'm starving it was
before some burgers on she's like wait
let's try it on this we're gonna try it
on this got burgers how do you know how
to do it you look like you've done this
before you just snapped it in like a
beast I started this blog off saying
we're gonna do a Q & A and so far we
haven't done it yet we've been too
distracted and we're doing so many
things food takes over your brain and
it's like you're immediately I got to do
something only that's how you just the
height
the cook I hear it
she's working that is a ridiculous
fridge I'm not gonna lie what's in here
that we actually need right now just
pickles okay
first question for QA what your favorite
covers like those is about what favorite
hyper pickle I like the little sweet
gherkins - there's little sweet ones
mine's bread and butter bread and butter
pickles
oh my god these are my favorite you boys
are thirsty huh
droll that running drawn all that
running hot straight guys ran out and
then it was good is the only thing they
can actually share is water
for some reason they share water look at
this no fighting no arguing they just
drink the food and treats and bonds is
another world huh I'm officially
addicted to carrots and apples
yeah a whole bunch of carrots like a
whole glass of carrots and apples is so
good it takes so many carrots Lena
how's that mac and cheese boy hmm throw
a couple chunks of pineapple I feel like
I could get like on track eating good
and drinking better with that day it
takes so much fresh fruit and vegetables
oh I know
I want you to film my reaction okay I'm
gonna be a real reaction is it good
that's a real reaction yeah it's so good
all right maybe our first thing made on
the grit tale griddle Gretel fresh juice
frozen burgers pickles mac and cheese
and we call ourself a dinner you know
sometimes I honestly believe that I eat
cheeseburgers just for the pickles
q-and-a okay
so there's so much for us to do behind
the scenes mainly me tonight I have a
lot of a lot of things for the
voiceovers and things for my New Year's
video our New Year's video and it's
gonna be awesome but I have a lot of
things that I have to get done and work
on and if I'm editing and vlogging and
it just takes away from it so we're
gonna do the best we can today without
skipping a day we could easily skip
today got all cut up came back tomorrow
but I thought let's do a little
something let's release a video not skip
a day we've been on a streak like 27 28
vlogs in a row so we're maybe trying to
do a prank it's so bad but it's got a
nice ending yeah okay trying to do a new
prank tomorrow something say I mean it's
for this channel it's not me for the
manger hold on so some of the most
popular questions is obviously uh you
know the first one is do you want a boy
or a girl in case you don't know
Brittany's pregnant
how far along pregnant are you you're
doing your mean mug beer
so that's that's three and a half months
do you want to take aim
I know you want a boy boy or girl final
answer he wants a boy he wants a baby
brother what are you hoping for I mean
obviously just a healthy baby but I mean
that goes without saying I would like to
have a girl but I have a feeling it's
boy really I actually think it's a but
she says she's been going like by the
baby's heartbeat and by like all these
times which is usually girls wait I
thought high heart beat was boys okay so
we got we got a hummingbird in there I
get I guess for me and I'm sure the
whole family we're happy with either boy
or a girl but I already have two girls
already got two boys it might be nice to
have a little baby girl in the family
but yeah I get my workout on boy maybe
it might work out on so yeah I'm kind of
kind of room for a little girl but
either way is gonna be amazing I'm gonna
be super happy the way different Cain
would look at the attitude he is two
front teeth you got antlers boy how'd
you get your antlers how they growing so
straight
oh it's like a slingshot Q&A pillow
fight what's one thing you want to do in
2017 yeah we 16 we went skydiving asleep
from a great know this year was this
yours huge I mean you guys follow if you
follow the boys we did a tremendous
amount of things what do I want to do in
2007 you want to do one thing that I
want to do okay baby we're gonna have
the baby that's gonna happen here's
something that I've been wanting to do
for a really long time and you know
about this I want to spend whether you
guys want to come with me or not I want
to spend one full week on a surfboard
somewhere where I can learn how to surf
like all week like literally a surfboard
me that's what I mean I mean I'm saying
like that's
that's why I haven't done it because
it's like would be really boring for you
guys but I just I've been dreaming of
surfing and I can vaguely surf but like
to be able to like have like I don't
even like a pro surfer fee find a pro
surfer that wants to collab in just all
week we just surf like in Hawaii dreams
of 2017 that's really what I want to do
for a week just disappear on an island
with the surfboard hi-yah
and I would really really really like we
wouldn't make it even fun as if I could
take my brother and my dad like if I
could get them to go with me hmm how
about you guys while we while we're
talking like leaving the comments what
is it that you want to accomplish in
2017 something that you maybe failed in
2016 failures fine like we fail all the
time with tons of things great yeah some
want somebody watching maybe it may be
failed 5th grade this year I'm
completely normal to fail try again use
the use the use the new years that's the
motivation get up go get it live it
sleep it I said this yesterday you gotta
just every part of your day has to
revolve around this dream of yours and
eventually you'll be dreaming but your
eyes will be open and it'll just be
called life it'll be great speaking of
2017 what will smile more like will we
still a lot of people fear that it's
growing past us like will we still have
a store in our back yard like is that um
okay so for the end of 16 right now we
have 13 employees nice we started with
okay January 1st last year how many we
have four three two two two employees
January last year we have 13 now that's
awesome
yeah that's progress I mean it could go
the opposite way you got it boy won't
you move that chair Wow Oh funny earlier
you're just walking backwards and fell
straight backwards no can do a box yeah
I've done it climb up the tree and not
even oh well earlier I'm any VR like
honey I'm climbing a tree in VR but I'm
always
that is what an RC truck will do to your
dogs look at them hey Kane I got a
question for you are you still gonna dab
in 2017 that was not a hard question
the results are in Cain will still be
doing next what's y'all they asked me
this all the time how much longer are
you gonna be vlogging I hope personally
to be blogging at least another week
like another week for sure
okay so do you think you're gonna blog
all of 2017 like every day or like we're
gonna quit vlogging at some point yeah
um I'm gonna be honest with you I don't
have any as of now I'm gonna be
completely honest with you I don't have
any plans to quit vlogging like I don't
think there's a day where I'm like guys
were done like I don't see that
happening for me to vlog every day
that's the plan like my plan is to vlog
every day yes I'm gonna miss some days
like that's that's just who I am I'm
gonna miss days other things done but I
think yeah all of to dozens of each
should be definitely in the books it's
gonna happen if it does are you going to
vlog our birth no I don't know I haven't
made that decision yet and I mean it's
just as much your decision so I mean
you're the one I'm not gonna be
obviously we're not gonna get too
detailed it's just gonna be like uh you
know RX RX spirit yeah it's not gonna be
Discovery Channel uh yeah it'd be a very
light version of the day that we have
our baby so uh here's another question
should we film our birth and when I say
that I don't mean like cameras filming
the baby coming I just mean like the day
our baby is born should we film that
experience though I mean it's something
I want to remember yeah you just got
every gun in the book don't you well
it's gonna light on it sweet since this
is a QA we're gonna ask more questions
for you guys tell us did you just yawn
and usually on perv like it's like canes
dab hide the dab is like one yawn per
this is Q&A so we get to ask you
questions as well who do you want to see
in 2017
us CollabNet like who is it that maybe
we have never worked with before that
you guys are like man I would just love
to see Roman and Brittany have them to
your house or we go to them and a polar
bear you want to get a polar bear to the
house that Christmas face oh my god
honey yes I can't get it came out
someone's face that's gonna wrap up our
was that even a Q&A I feel like I feel
like that was kind of rough it's a rough
one but I got I got dog surrounding me
canes pulling on me I think we got it in
the queue and I cane do you want to get
that um saddle out okay let's do that
how do you even put this on just go
around me okay oh it's like oh you're
gonna oh my gosh keen we're going for a
ride whoa the saddle like riding the
ball you put your butt here and you're
you hold on there this would have been
we're gonna start at level one okay you
gotta make it to level ten you know this
horse already yeah here's level one but
your legs around a hold on with your
legs came yeah there you go
okay think he made it level one level
two
Spears's wine in like what is going on
okay
level three it's gonna start getting a
little harder three this is like what
are they doing okay
level five you're halfway there lock-in
oh you just got this bed lock it okay
level five you're halfway are you okay
oh you're not okay dude come on you can
do it came level 10 you saddled falling
off level ten we just roll down the
steps
oh my god horses don't just do that but
yes they do
I've seen people die on a horse we
should play Mike we should play a cow
cowboy laser tag and the kids have to be
on their dad's horses
daddy laser tag alright level five ready
yeah hold on
good grip with your feet it's all about
your hips you ready for level ten no
basically a rocket ship okay we're gonna
skip the level 10 are you ready yeah
you beat it right into the top of the
tree good job Roman Oh what Scott is
this up I got it oh here's this I got it
SUSE good job horsey dad I'm gonna take
I'm gonna take him into the stable we'll
be back you better feed me some hay or
grain or whatever they yeah horses life
sucks well now that you got all your
energy out your great horse around here
human let me take you okay buzz is about
to fall off buzzes hold on level two
level two buzz I truly hope you enjoyed
this vlog over just not uploading which
was the second option we weren't gonna
upload but I hope you enjoyed this if
you did please hit us with that like
button show some love I usually don't
directly ask you guys for likes but I
hope that this is better than not
uploading we will see you tomorrow
Cain are you trying to take it off or
put it back on hmm we look we love you
guys keep your head up stay strong stay
positive we will see you tomorrow you're
beautiful
you're one of a kind hey you want me to
I mean some factor legendary part I
can't do that you could try Oh baby you
almost had it
you almost had it smile more
you
