hey guys welcome to of the vlog Brittany
and I are running out we got some time
to get it's bright
Hades bright sunshine Brittany and I are
getting out a little bit of time today
we're gonna have some dinner we're gonna
go get her watch resize which I am I so
excited about it I got um friend you
know there's a ladybug on it looks like
he's walking into the lights if you want
you know what everybody always noticed
how I'm always getting passed in my car
when I'm vlogging I always get in the
regular side and I just drive slow and
I've humbucking if you watch a Christmas
vlog I got Brittany arolex for Christmas
something that I said actually in a blog
before that I would never ever bah if
you love it first of all guys girls like
jewelry they love it so when I'm looking
at jewelry I just can't get into it it's
like when you look at a diamond earring
or something that you would probably
like I'm like
get much for your money at least with
the watch yes it is very expensive it is
something that I even admitted I would
never buy but I'm like my girl wants
jewelry I'm gonna get her something that
I myself would want anyways we're going
to get it resized is a very big gift and
that was a very big year for the family
and we all kind of spoiled each other
big time and and you watch the Christmas
vlog you know exactly what I'm talking
about so let's go we're getting a little
time together click on in stop it was my
first yawn just because you've been
thinking around me not sure you're young
before boom
yesterday 64 degrees warm for us today
39 degrees get back here girl where are
you going
a little bit of date time date night
kind of rare rare actually right now
color bag at what point in a
relationship aren't our relationship
that we stopped sitting beside each
other we always did you in it I would
eat your elbow though let me cut this I
can't see you I always had a good excuse
because I want to eat you're at home Bob
no in the beginning we definitely saw
each other I know you're like I'm cold
on my own my warm you up girl
I was slick because it never happened we
did sit beside each other absolutely
before we got pregnant your brains not
working you don't remember I might be
too it's not yawning I'm not even
recording its first person date night
hey baby I mean hands I just love you so
much
there me there me me a kiss baby
gonna do surgery on you we're bored
right picking my girl up at the door cuz
I'm romantic actually she just had to go
the bathroom it's a serious question
okay
what's it feel like knowing seven years
ago that we couldn't barely put gas in
our vehicle but you're holding a Rolex
under your coat right now it is
impossible blessings
it's a crazy thought guises these kind
of things are so mind-blowing so we used
to be so broke the pace that just keep
going keep work and keeping it looks
like you've you've you stole it out of
one store and you're coming in here to
get it refix t' so you're gonna take out
five links it's hard to even focus on it
alright so now that you have one I guess
I can go ahead and start looking I just
can't have a watch like this I can't
guys you see the kind of things that I
do I would break it I'll probably break
the glass in the first week my watch
tells the time so we're good we're good
on that but you're not allowed to go to
this side of the store that's the only
rule let's do a test
wait wait this is a test I'm gonna pick
a ring that I think that you would like
okay well different cabinets Larry
okay all right let's do that I think if
you picked one now I don't know exactly
what I kind of know what you like but I
think you would go with this one down on
the bottom and there ain't no diamond
game all right
the middle right there my fingers
touching it the band know the whole
thing the doubles oh is that like oh my
god see I'm staying away from this stuff
can you imagine you got all that trouble
you buy a diamond you don't even like
you like the bigger one in the middle
and then but you would like it like it
does it really fit good yeah it looks
perfect yo you need a wheelbarrow to get
that home are you that's way too much
but it's a dub yeah it's a bracelet for
you yeah like you know well that's
what's supposed to do right cover up the
RS it's oh my gosh 191,000 $90,000 for a
ring that you could lose like that
yeah that's late there's no GPS there's
nothing that beeps on it it's gone gr
you could have multiple purple GTRs
here's the thing about jewelry and this
is exactly why I went for a watch
because at least you get like something
in your hand with a watch you know what
I mean
that diamond I'm sorry but I've been to
jewelry shows I've been to the I know
how they mark up jewelry diamonds are
such a joke when it comes to how much
they sell them for how much they get
them for it's a massive markup so I just
don't I don't get it I don't I don't get
it I'm not a female girls love diamonds
a lot of men like diamonds too and not
every girl loves jewelry but most I can
say it's built into you I know eight
years together and I would still have
bought the wrong ring I
no now oh yeah baby
live in any other eight years let's not
rush it okay look at this is be yelling
I think I like it as much as you want it
to be summer so I don't let the words a
can you see let me see let me see this
is look at that you got diamonds you got
diamonds girl well that's not I'm glad I
got out of there safe everybody's alive
all I can say is find what you love to
do and live it eat it breathe it sleep
it own it
never stop how often do we go to bed at
the same time like honestly in the last
two years maybe 20 nights out of two
years there is so much behind the scenes
sacrifice that has to happen to get to
where you want to be and it's a balance
you got it you do still have to balance
two different life and that's just
because the editing I still edit my
vlogs like most people would get an
editor but I just I love it and I live
it and it's the passion of it that gets
you ahead and I always say this in the
vlogs find what you love and the money
will come like you just do it don't do
it for the money he's not just gonna
happen it's not luck it's not it just
didn't accidentally happen it's you did
it
who's that who is that who is that dude
are you ready a couple days ago I got a
text from my buddy over at tracks as he
said Merry Christmas it was a picture of
like a box he sent me a brand new xmax
but the cool part is look at this look
at these batteries I have never had a
battery this big in my life look at that
it takes two of them like bricks dude
they installed a 50-plus mile per hour
package on this truck which basically
means you have to have wheelie bars hey
you ain't gonna be able to catch this
one dude got that one this truck weighs
so much that I can't imagine it going
with the plus miles per hour oh it's not
will you mr. muscles for an hour see
truck it's heavy juice is so excited
because he knows that this truck is his
like the xmax is always Zeus's truck it
always has been
oh really
hey we gotta take it out in the daytime
out there hard to see I can't wait to
get this thing out in the day I think we
take the new caterpillar and we build
the biggest RC Ram I fall in love with
RCS look at who's already punctured it
it was such a pretty truck yeah
I should have put the old body on it oh
well it is kind of Zeus's how bad do you
want it how bad do you want it this even
flash was going after it tomorrow
me and you we got a date in the yard
Donna Donna two feet by himself
kind of a short vlog for you today but
we are gonna sign off now and in the
vlog I will see you tomorrow thank you
for joining us today hanging out with us
and I have an idea
I have an idea no it just looks like
it's the light right there oh it was
perfect so dumb so dumb I love you guys
we'll see you it tomorrow you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more
you
