flashes first Christmas so you got some
for me in there it's almost the same the
kids going crazy like welcome to the
vlog guys Merry Christmas good morning
class what's up dude for a split second
I got you he's like dad take it off
oh you look awesome don't let nobody
tell you don't owe us money soap you use
the soap until you get the money there's
real money inside you guys remember when
we taped the floor into a racetrack
we'll look at this tape the is racetrack
he picked it out number one mom we got
water gloves guys look at these gloves
they make your hands like a like Aquaman
gloves pickle band-aids flashes like I
don't know what day this is but I like
it a lot mommy got me a tape measure but
it's digital he's like I don't care it
says to Daddy from your wallet and keys
he's shot he's he's shot don't you put
that on anything that you might lose
yeah that's really cool I put it in your
backpack and I always know what you got
mm-hmm what is it you've got that look
like I don't want to finish opening it
the box isn't I had to put it in the box
so it's not whatever the box is isn't
what's actually in it because it I
couldn't wrap it that's awfully nice no
akane grandma sue helped me pick that
out with you at four you don't know
those are from you you take these it
makes you cool good job good gift game
it's a bee actually that is amazing this
is my Mandy man this is my handyman
which is apparently he's got a hot
girlfriend money may not know this when
a girl's pregnant she's hot like she
produces heat like like warm no I know
what you don't know it turns up like 75
and then I'm in there sweating oh my
gosh you got your own Lego Airport it's
always go hide or hug hugger hide it's a
new game
a mini-fridge smile
now you never have to come out okay
these are flash and Zeus remember he's
still rocking the Santa hat Scooby
Snacks
it is like an intense Hot Wheels city
track ramp her mommy you open actually
you know it looks like you have one too
those hoverboards yeah it's pretty legit
looks like some brain Buster's puzzles
it's a map
so you scratch off wherever you've been
what I love it menu Tupperware why would
she get me Tupperware you have to rip it
open fast it's the golden package it's
the vibe wait
looks like the computer to run the vibe
I think I'm more excited than you guys
love the vibe amazing just one for Britt
your openness and then I'll do that like
it's extra special yeah looks like junk
it's like the nicest watch ever that
Mommy will ever own the first ever in
this home and probably the Atwood family
a Rolex that was so hard to get I cannot
like I'm like this would be in the last
thing I guess you would have got me um
I'm gonna go have it today put it on C
okay what's in this giant box that I
haven't been out of see you got the mini
fridge I got the full-size fridge maybe
it's a safe oh it looks like a garage
fridge you know the ones that open this
way what do you think of that shock like
you didn't think I was getting you a
Christmas present I played it off for
two weeks that I wasn't sure if I got
her anything for Christmas and I've had
it the whole time
I'm gonna cut it Stan to find out no
pull this off
yeah precision instrument was a sniper
sniper tank look right over there
no right here where flashes move flashes
but the world's best massage yeah giving
you a massage I looked at my mom was
like oh I can't wait for this Oh manse
what I'll just lay here and it just does
it oh I'm so excited I can just feel
that's why I said you can wait to edit
til today because you can sit in this
all but I didn't and I said that
treadmill means move down I can edit
today's vlog on my chair oh my gosh
thank you no I don't know how excited
too because I've never I don't think
I've ever sat in a precision instrument
it's like the best it's the best friend
I did all the research yeah the last
thing in the world probably I would
expect to open this morning
was a message chair hi guys look at you
smart boy
he's mister hoverboard right now yeah
that's it you just can't figure out put
them back that's a back massager you
like rub it if you guys watch
yesterday's vlog and new video slash
pranks some things it's pranks um I
don't think it's a prank however I'm not
hurting I am so tired I figured I would
come change I've been in this outfit for
days like literally on a mess I'm a
wreck
I'm gonna get dressed continue our
wonderful Christmas families about to
get your mom and dad just got here my
brother and his kids are about to get
here and as of now they still have no
idea that I was ever there last night
the kids never see me ever we either
have to come out and say uncle Roman got
you last night or it's trying to keep
this a secret I don't know what to do
obviously they're gonna see the video
eventually or this vlog or that vlog and
Merry Christmas guys we freaking love
you I'm gonna get dressed real quick and
head out have some fun forgive me for my
energy my lack of energy and uh yeah all
right show me cuz you need more power on
your hoverboards so show me show me more
full speed now okay Wow okay you so much
faster made him go what's up guys Merry
Christmas buddy
yeah dude hohoho did you last up your
reindeer dad my dad's been lassoing
everybody and now we got the doggy here
you stuck flash so my mom made these
crazy they're deep-fried mashed potatoes
and then in the middle of them is gravy
just like mashed potatoes and gravy oh
how deep fried gravy in there come on
was mercy fries a bowl of gravy
potatoes around them mashed potatoes and
then flour it Ã«get powdered it and fry
it
sorry how about this I'll simplify it we
go back to the bakeries the jelly donuts
you make the ball and there's a craving
yeah you could just eject it but how
would you hollow out the gravy I don't
know the pressure of the gravy going in
no expands all I think of a Zoolander
you know look look how big our kids are
getting like look at this there may be
kids anymore
you got the boys birdhouses mailbox
mailboxes for the treasure chest
whoa you got your names on them
holy smokes are full of goodies a drink
and burn canes had Christmas overload
all right Noah and Dale have been
working on getting the vibe set up which
I could be more excited than anybody
else to get that thing always that dad
got a spear you get a spear oh maybe yes
Wow it's a pole vault or a pole Q or the
things you hit use Doust java old
fishing rod it is a you know what my
family all of us we all agreed to go
right this year right yeah weight-wise
it's been a very good year for the
outward family we have lots of sacrifice
Evan made time has been spent we have
done a lot so we'd like to kind of spoil
each other with yes yes gifts and love
and hugs and tickles it's not barking so
that's good okay I might actually like
that
okay so Dale brings in this giant box it
took me nine months to teach him to go
more oh we need a smile more bird
imagine like an African Gray in the
smile more store smile more and they
gotta take care of it
they clean the cage what about this is
mine yep I know in the Hawaiian Islands
yeah boogie boardin legend boogie
boarding windows I can't see us there
yet you know I got a problem with my
eyes but you can't tell you got your
bb-8 dude he wanted that so bad
oh you got Fido the fetching monkey okay
I'm a little confused right now his Dale
just handed me this box and I'm not
kidding he said every single gift is
mine oh my god you know I always have
the best brother in the world but who
does this week it ain't about the gifts
though you spent two hours wrapping all
of this so forth it was a trilogy all
three all right I'm just gonna start
opening these and I have no idea what to
expect I mean they're all different they
all way different though yeah I'm gonna
need some how
what is that for your head head massager
sure you hang on I got to show you the
first gift that I opened from Dale and
safety first and a head massager did you
just go crazy on Amazon that's nice
guys I think I know what's going on here
Dale has basically bought in everything
he needs at my house he's he's basically
had bought us everything we need for the
house tell her about the blanket I told
her there's only one in the world let's
see that gold
that's a 308 are you kidding look at
that
and that awesome dude I just felt so in
love with it looks like one of a kind
one f1 farms baby the best for the best
you know kind of matches the vet the
American vets let's get a rear window
mount for this thing in the bed now the
purge gun right there I like how this is
smooth they put this right in the what
is oh snap
wait does it have the snow on it I love
it now we can put all this in it and now
you know where to get everything when
you come over to work you know what look
at me
it changes your whole look alright but
hold on stand up always wonder woman's
got a Wonder Woman edge on it's Wonder
weapon but I'm going up we're gonna
install the first sensor this is pretty
complicated stuff there okay it's tough
work man mrs. was a very much higher
hit it on it honestly looks like okay
from the last clip to this clip it's
probably been one an hour and a half
probably maybe an hour and a half it
looks like I've been rolled down a cliff
okay I look like it's been quite the
Christmas so we ripped the big box open
which was this insane Cadillac Mercedes
Bentley Rolls Royce massage chair I
don't know if you guys have ever seen
anything like this I'm sure you have but
it is like freakin next level it's like
a spaceship like you climb in look at
this remote you push this you go to
Jupiter you push this you go to Mars you
push this you go to the moon where do
you want to go it is insane everything
wraps around you all of this stuff
closes on you and you just disappear
really amazing when I just stare at the
fish tank Oh Britt you did so good this
is my after edit chair right here I know
the family is gone I got to say this is
the most insane Christmas of my entire
life I've never seen anything like this
the family agreed even go light and I
think we all took it as a no we're but
it didn't happen like I just can't
explain it guys it's not normally like
this we just all spoiled each other this
year I mean from everyone every single
one of our family members we just crazy
so blessed to have everyone in my life
that being said guys that was our Xmas
we never left the house we family came
here which was absolutely amazing and
that's it now it's just time to play
with toys get some sleep
edit the vlog and call it a day I love
you guys so much tell me in the comments
today what is the coolest thing what's
the favorite thing you got for Christmas
I love you you're beautiful you're one
of a kind smile more
