guys it's currently Christmas Day 1:00
in the morning we are about to wake up
my brother's kids and tell them that we
caught Santa Claus I mean I am gonna
catch Santa Claus and set up like what
1012 go post yeah my kids are gonna be
stoked it's gonna be it's gonna be quite
the sight at Christmas guys let's go
here we go
hey tail
I just heard bells downstairs Connor
Connor
I just heard jingle bells downstairs no
joke
we caught sienna we got Santa Claus no
joke
come here
oh no this I'm serious I caught him with
a rope
oh all right how you doing huh
oh they called me man eat your cookies
you know that look we we caught him what
are we gonna ask him all these questions
well come here I got the answer for that
you see this you see these keys that's
what those are for
you don't have a chimney please fit all
the doors
let's see those those magic keys you
asking about us
My dear lady mrs. Claus are you scared
yeah you may never get to shake his hand
ever again you wanna shake Santa causes
him no how long does it take for him to
get around the world and one night one
night how do I got a magic sleigh a
mirror that's up that song says in a
magic sleigh I got a magic sleigh a
magic bag never Tommy empty that bag it
fills back up with toys you know what my
favorite book is yeah the night before
Christmas I just read that tonight Danny
doesn't read them Wow
and that great huh so are we ready to go
back to bed yeah we ready to go back to
bed
and Merry Christmas to you that was
amazing
come on Conrad let's go in time let's go
on time I don't hear anything
he's
