hey guys before this vlog starts I just
want to let you know that it is
currently Christmas Day it's 4:00 in the
morning 343 in the morning I just
finished filming the main Channel video
I don't know if it's gonna go on the
main channel though so keep your eye out
for it today it's either gonna go on the
main channel we're gonna dust it off or
it's gonna go on this channel right here
I feel like it's more of a diss channel
video either way keep your eye out for
it I will post it on Twitter the second
it goes live it's 4:00 in the morning
Christmas Day my kids are gonna be up in
a couple hours to open presents so I
have a lot of work to do I am not
sleeping at all I love you guys Merry
Christmas let's go welcome to the vlog
this is not actually where I started
today's vlog we did an entire Christmas
Eve with the family today and we will
get to that but I wanted to start the
vlog right here it is currently 11:40
p.m. 20 minutes till midnight 20 minutes
until it's officially Christmas I am
doing something that I've tried for
three years and has fallen through every
single year for many reasons this is my
attempt this year to dust off the old
prank channel that I promised you guys
and it is super risky it's just
something that I can't guarantee will
actually work I'm not even sure that we
call this a prank I'm not going for the
prank aspect I'm actually just want to
see what happens when I do this it's not
really uh I got you or uh it's not like
that so I don't think it's a prank
necessarily over the last few weeks Dale
my brother and I have been joking around
with his two kids his boys about what
would happen if we captured Santa like
when Santa came when they finally go to
sleep and Santa shows up at the house
what would happen if we caught him so
tonight I'm going right now
to pick up Santa Claus we're gonna
collaborate with Santa this is such a
difficult video and it always falls
through because it's hard to like
Santa's busy this time of year so it's
not like I can just go Santa I need you
tonight he's busy I don't want to give
this all up but we're gonna wake up
Dale's kids Dale's gonna wake up his
kids
and say hey we just caught Santa alright
guys so just arrived and we were meeting
Santa for the first time Santa yes nice
to meet you thank you very nice to meet
you you are a beautiful Santa Claus
here's the main issue right now they'll
just text me says the kids are in bed
they're in bed but they're pretty hyped
up you guys know how it is on on
Christmas night you're excited I
remember being a kid and I couldn't
sleep sleeping was impossible for me so
we're kind of hanging out here waiting
for the kids to fall asleep completely
before we head over set up our cameras
and wake them up to meet Santa Claus
skip and pass some time it is currently
12 55 in the morning so it's officially
Christmas guys Merry Christmas
it's 5 till 1:00 in the morning we are
heading to my brothers his kids are
asleep
what's up dude check it out cameras they
all thinks if I'm in it like the kids
see me there's a chance that they're
gonna say it could be a prank so I might
have to sit this one out and I set up
cameras and probably just listen to you
guys this would be like a full show like
I'd have the ear wire and you'd be like
feeding my stuff and like a van out
front or something dude this isn't this
isn't a showroom
this is some noise maybe no way you can
sneak in this house man like stick my
head we're shooting the intro of the
video which sucks that we have to do
that before I feel like half this vlog
I'm whispering to you guys um it is what
time is it right now
4:20 a.m. look that's how long it's been
since I did the intro which brings us
right back here we shot the video I
think the video is I hope it's amazing I
could only hear it I couldn't be in the
room so I had this camera with Dale Mike
that amazing thing I have so much to
edit this vlog needs edited and just
keep your eye out for it it's gonna go
up Christmas Day I just have not decided
if it's going on the prank channel or if
it's going on this channel I feel like
it's for us it's for like our family and
you guys like it that's what it is
I just don't know if it's a prank
channel video either way I hope you guys
love it it's going up today on either
channel I will tweet it that being said
let's actually start the vlog from
Christmas Eve this is so confusing so
let's bounce the Christmas Eve family
friends
let's go welcome to the vlog guys Merry
Christmas if you're watching this
Christmas Day I hope you're having a
wonderful beautiful Christmas with your
friends your family whoever it is Jane's
really really hustling up Britney's mom
just got here today's gonna be a lot of
Brittany's family and last night last
night Brittany has Dale and my friend
John bringing this giant box that's my
present what is it I'm gonna tell you
what is it I know what this is this is
for your mom hey Merry Christmas there's
a lot of suspense going on here lots of
gifts coming in and we're just getting
started here so let's do it you guys
brought the whole store like this is all
from them this trip you guys you turn
your back because
there's a couple you're gonna be good
interaction so you just got to turn your
back okay well just drive it up the
driveway you know so the real mystery is
what's under this box just one little
like corner I can't see the corner piles
oh man getting right to it hamdi ready
ready ready ready ready where you going
so you just preparing for the future I
got you
what's up buddy Gil Gil in the house me
amber lots of kids she didn't even care
I thought she's gonna freak out on me
I never seen these before you already
opened a gift I was just joking but
these really are Cana Noah's beautiful
good job that's for me and mommy Wow
it's not even like this is crazy
these are nose Merry Christmas little
girl you ready to party what you got
chocolates I'm gonna attempt to film
what I can everybody's kind of just
digging in doing their thing go ahead
buddy paw Patrol
Oh Oh would you get emoji slippers those
are cool and you got gloves it's a
madhouse
it's a madhouse hey Kane we can put the
star on the tree with this
what is it it's a dog bone it's a
chocolate Santa oh my it is you can tell
by the weight it's hollow but now you
can inject it with gel get you a steam
card
yeah dude that's a good gift right there
oh I wonder what that is just from you
there are they're opening gifts guys
this right here is the best thing I've
ever had in my life
what are you doing nothing
what's the best cookie ever what take it
what you're gonna eat out of my hand I
was gonna hand it to you there you go
and that good okay now you have to take
it oh yeah I know that's why some
targets I'm have to break those in today
stick these on the ground and then we
hit them oh that's cool thank you so
much
they came take one finger here and then
you just
very gently sorry Liza the lesson was
for Kane actually this is amazing it
matches your new AR now you gotta get
now you got to get pink bullets pink
bullets do they make them I don't know
this is that this is a UH this is an
ammo crate for a like bullets
dude cap guns they're the best know was
loading up oh yeah keep going
Oh be kidding me that's awesome so hey
you better thank you
I'm the Christmas ninja oh yeah
all right guys we are stepping out for a
minute taking Noah he's going to a
Christmas party today so I'm gonna miss
you little buddy
yep he will be back tonight and until
then have fun that's what just a couple
hours yeah okay cool cool see I don't
even know your I don't you know my boys
on schedule you know you know what I'll
talk to your secretary
I'll have her talk to my assistant and
we'll meet in the middle I'm a superhero
now fight crime so it's hard to get
ahold of me is what I'm saying
okay man we were having a blast and
that's where we're at right now I'm
gonna take Noah
drop them off it's party and that's it
I'm gonna fly there let's just fly that
why are we driving like it let's just go
her my drive let's just fly if you miss
yesterday's vlog this this is what we
did we hit some ramps dude you missed
yesterday's vlog we took this limo we we
built this jump we were ramping over it
we rolled the limo Jake jumped that
little hill over there with the limo
definitely check it out if you did not
see it now I'm actually at the end of
today guys thank you so much for being a
part of everything we do our friends our
family Christmas Eve Christmas jokes on
our family you guys are here for so many
things look at this look at this today
look at this this is so much crowd we
tried really hard to my eyes I hope you
love the new video I'm not even gonna
call it a prank I don't think it's a
prank at all it's a fun video that's for
the family please please please keep her
out for this thing when it comes out
please show it love give it your love
likes shares everything you can do this
has been a it's been quite the night
guys no sleep I will be up when my kids
get me up to opening gifts like I will
be up I love you guys you're freaking
amazing
thank you for everything I'll see you
tomorrow you're beautiful you're one of
a kind smile more
you
