I look good
cane cane do I look good no no boy it'd
be a long day hope you're feeling good
and hope you're ready for this vlog
we're gonna start in a store called the
Anderson I haven't been here forever but
they usually had or they at least used
to have very unique things like things
are now the hardest thing about today is
that we're shopping
not for us that is our perfect kids when
you go to stores and stuff start
explaining it like not shopping for you
yo dude the doors this way over here
these are like demos this is if you want
to buy one so it's not actually it's not
actually a playground this is like where
you at this is where you would check
them out to see if you want to buy on me
we need snow guys we need snow where is
the snow come on baby
are you going down there now you know
this says caution please keep off for
display only so far we haven't even made
it inside because there's so much to do
out here you're gonna go get one dodge
dodging duty it's a new game I'll help
you with everything we can wrap it we
can put it in stock in this is the hard
part about the vlogs because we can't
show you what we're getting because no
one Britney will actually see the vlog
so we're pretending to be in the candle
aisle so they'll think oh they must be
getting me a candle but we're not it's
not that are you sure you don't want to
get one okay hold that got it
watch this
let's get the stick up I came I came to
I tell your story can I tell you a story
Kane somebody huh oh you're really
trying to hurt him I thought I thought
we were just playing but this is for
real do you think flash would like this
one alright
Zeus and flash can see what they're
getting because well they don't watch
the vlogs
Zeus sounds like fifty five hundred
tennis balls so maybe something new you
dude how can you call something that
looks like that a joystick okay this
dresser dude it's like a Lego Lego
dresser you see this Hina go seek in the
stores always a blast here I come
not under there ah and so many
opportunities looking for a small child
okay what the heck did he go i legit
can't find him like I'm not even kidding
usually I know where he's at and I play
along but I do nothing dude I went that
way ready ever gonna
he just opened all I don't think we're
very good Christmas shoppers dude we've
almost done everything but Christmas
shop though we're having fun fun with my
little man are you so now
we did pretty good little dude you can
ended up getting some gloves which I
like they're cool
if Kane will let me we were gonna
surprise mommy with a haircut you want
to do it I really yes it's been weeks
weeks weeks weeks past getting his
haircut he looks dude you look like
nobody cares about you mommy is gonna
flip when we get home and Kane has his
haircut because she's been trying to do
it she's been trying to take him and he
just always says no okay it says they're
open dude this is gonna be a the best
Christmas present you get mommy just
getting his haircut
that's like you gonna you gonna flick it
are you gonna mow off it like you used
to do remember you step it super tall
though huh you just want it out of your
face now I don't think we're gonna
recognize that when he cuts his hair oh
dude you get to plate monster truck
games while you wait for your haircut
wrap it wrap it Kane you're gonna be a
new boy did you already look different
trend sideways oh you style and boy
let's go get some ice cream
he got cotton candy with rainbow
sprinkles and M&Ms
I got a strawberry shake
what do you think what do you think
mommy's face is gonna be when she sees
your haircut oh yeah I think she's gonna
be like yes
poor she's just gonna go do that
whoo-whee hey Zeus hey baby hey flash
what's up kid I got some candy canes at
the store and this dude this will be the
year we didn't decorate our tree it just
is this flash right now we have random
things that Kane have put on here our
Christmas bulb from last year I believe
no 2014 I'm gonna need another person on
here soon think we have to put them up
high or flash is definitely gonna get
them well our house is a wreck Christmas
destroyed and this is this is like the
better version of it it was much much
worse Britney's been rapping all day
while we've been out getting some things
as you saw can you watch the valley
Tonto well that's what we talked about
hard it is the vlog because you guys
will see the vlog but yes you can watch
the blog because Kane and I pretty much
goof off the insert we need a shop if
you thought that we got you something
that's your own fault was this what you
lived on while you rap just beef jerky
we're gonna stop and give some love to a
brand of ours that have been with us
through all of 2016 you've seen us play
their game many times in the vlogs they
have a new Christmas edition that is out
right now so we're gonna play it for the
first time jingle bell christmas edition
are you ready this is piano tiles 2
guys have destroyed us every time I
challenge you to beat us you did like
the screenshots are insane so that's the
first time we are gonna compete like we
always do he needs a couple warm-ups I
understand that cuz I need grown-ups I
know you're better than me no you don't
get warm-ups I don't get where I'm only
came this okay
loser has to go to bed immediately so
this is their new Christmas edition
jingle bells you ready yeah hit me
woo
dd-do christmas is almost here and I'm
probably messing you up can't stop good
job
hey guys next did you're almost 200
almost 200 200 my turn you know why he's
always goofing off not paying attention
I'm sick
get hurricane get hurricane Sabatino
what is it
1:32 are you - give me five did you know
what I knew you would win but I thought
you'd get more and I would get more I
really just choked under pressure I was
goofing off if you watch our vlogs a lot
then you know that we've had so much fun
with this game it's a free game so you
not to pay for it it's just an addicting
fun family competition game that we do
with it when the first one came out Kane
was literally like I know the cool thing
is is like you can't compete on so many
there's so many songs so you just like
if Cain beat us on that one we switch
songs we go to the next one a lot of you
already have the game so just update it
and for those that you don't it's free
go get it up put the links in my
description I thought you supposed to be
cleaning
Hey hurricane Atwood chill here's the
deal guys I got you some of you not all
you not all you're that crazy but I got
some of you saying that I have to take
the tree down from the balcony because a
lot of years after Christmas you have to
take your tree down I have done it in
different ways I have just last year we
had cat in the house you remember the
cat remember the big cat yeah exactly we
don't want him coming back here's the
thing guys pretty big gap but I think I
got it
well there's a will there's a way
remember this scene see Cain thinks
there's a way
remember Toy Story bus gets up on the
rail and he jumps for the window oh man
it looks even worse from here actually
looks pretty doable from here yeah I
think I think you can legit do it like
I'm not even be I'm not even trying to
be funny about this did the dog fall off
the balcony that's what it looks like
ready see what it looks like from down
there flashes like what was that
just what's he doing no there's no way
honey there's no way it's so far
well yeah no there's the arm of the
couch my laptop sitting over there no no
good I want to see what happened here
that sounded like you broke the couch is
this cane you taping the couch up that
sounded like you broke the couch honey
all right London pretty I wasn't so many
people playing that joke on me you can't
you can okay ten billion likes and I'll
do it I'll do the jump ten billion
that's totally doable tomorrow big
special guests here at the house
I don't even if we're gonna be actually
at the house but I've got a huge
surprise for them and it's just gonna be
a chaos there when you talk about mayhem
and tennis balls super exciting date
lined up for tomorrow so we already know
we've got the vlog for then this is I
don't know this is like twenty two vlogs
in a row something like that can we do a
month can't we do a month straight man
can we do a month straight yeah
weekend's this we can we're gonna get
the house cleaned up probably not it's
probably look like it's tomorrow we love
you you're beautiful tell me can I do
the jump
don't listen to Britney oh you know what
if I put like a mattress down right
there so I land it nope worst case
scenario it's the mattress you're
worried about the tree see I knew it
wasn't about me thank you for everything
guys you're beautiful you're one of a
kind tell me in the comments who you
think the guests are and how I should
take that tree down and you can include
jumping off the balcony I'm okay with
that
we'll see you tomorrow mom one
you
