hey hey welcome to the vlog guys I'm
starting to sound like uh what is that
welcome hey welcome
hope you're feeling good it is beautiful
it is sunny here this is our 20th vlog
in a row without missing a day it feels
good I feel accomplished I feel like I'm
back on track I just feel like I'm
actually doing what I'm supposed to be
doing finally like I'm back I'm a
vlogger again maybe I don't know I could
miss a day any second but it's dude in
his van wants to race me I swear he does
he wants to race hope you're feeling
good hope you're motivated hope you got
something to inspire you today to do
something that you want to do get up go
get it don't wait for the new years
don't wait for that bogus resolution
that you're gonna break day to get up
and do it now stick to it imagine where
you would be if you started one year ago
go up to my buddy Todd's gonna look at a
couple new fish haven't got any new fish
for my reef aquarium for a long time I'm
thinking about these little guys see the
purple well everything looks purple on
this cam okay this right here is one of
my favorite fish right here he's hard to
see and he actually kind of changes from
white to black oh there's a good shot of
him check out his eyes he like looks
around but he stays still he is a
sailfin a lawnmower blennies and
basically he'd like chomps with his
mouth on rock and he just like eats all
day if he's not doing that he's just
watching you just like that here's some
cool fire fish I love these guys too
this is the craziest crap I've ever seen
look at this guy he looks like a stone
like check him out okay that's a crab
that is like crazy
you came to what's up a for the damages
pay for what damages from a house you
want to show Oh
before we talk about it
ah okay I didn't do that by the way this
is a true story so last night Todd hears
gunshots out back this is why you always
shoot into something you shoot into a
wall you shoot into something one of his
neighbors that lives way that way was
shooting last night a bullet came
through his greenhouse that's it that is
not good dude bond it right there five
feet away what could have been your
house maybe that's what they were trying
to do just in case you missed the vlog
where we blew up Todd's tree laying back
there a piece of the wood do you have it
still I do but it hit here oh yeah look
at that hole okay but apparently the
wood this is why we stood way back here
when we shot when the tree fell you can
see it back here a chunk of the wood
came all the way back to this house look
at that oh yeah that sucks
I'm not kidding that's the piece no way
yeah yo that's that's 30 at least 30
pounds you imagine it just no just like
hitting you in the head it looks like it
went through the log splitter and you
need to start being more responsible way
out over there is another piece of wood
oh my gosh okay besides all that
craziness you guys know I've had my reef
dude it's almost three years that you
built that tank three years Todd built
the tank in my living room which is my
reef tank and we've had the same fish
for that long so I want to come over and
we're actually going out today to look
at some stuff but I want to pick out
some new fish for that
lots to choose from man and my camera
just does no justice all just want a
Britney's favorite sailfin oh we got one
of those hold on hold for all right guys
we are headed to I picked up Todd
because he knows everything about what
we're going to go he's the expert no
what no there's Tyra told me entire
never that is the time should we hit it
no we were going to look at guys I may
be breaking down we're going to look for
our skid steers and I may be finally
making this purchase something I've been
wanting for a long time we can date with
you destroy we can build you got it you
have to have a tool to be to remove the
wood from the property I think this is
the right spot parts sales service I
need you to imagine what our daily life
you and me our life would be like with
something like these in my yard oh my
gosh dude is it cheaper to just buy a
tank like if I just want like a tiger
tank or some type of like old military
tank only if you let me ride around can
we can we make it remote-control soon
any guy yours they got yours oh there it
is before forklift are you serious you
can make them remote dude you just dig
and build and destroy with a jar see
absolutely critical of logs and build
and create and destroy endless so what
we're looking at here is how many
horsepower what's this thing got 74 74
point nine dude I know my stuff I could
roll down the street no problem oh
that's too close
what do you mean this armrest everything
oh yeah maybe I just pump that out a
little bit
it's where the Rockets this is the uh
okay
alright I feel like I'm driving a tank
you know what maybe I maybe maybe this
is more for me cuz you could pick up
cars and throw them or have you seen the
videos they hook the ropes to the bucket
and then this just spins imagine that
with a sled or an inner-tube
ah now we need a pond so we need that to
dig the pond it's never-ending
you could just dig yourself a hole
literally with these things
Columbus looking pretty tonight okay
so it is 5:10 p.m. 5:10 in the afternoon
I have not eaten a single thing today
not even nothing nothing I've had
nothing to eat and I feel a little dizzy
and I need to eat what my keys cameras
all blurry Starbucks this is it oh I
never heard of that it's a nice little
town man thank you thank you all it's
gonna save my life okay guys so we are
eating real quick nothing exciting but
the whole skits here thing
gonna be surprised it's gonna be a big
surprise telomere
non-spoiler we're gonna leave in that
Todd's Todd's decision but I know I'm
doing so many things off-camera over the
last couple days that is preparing for
such a big surprise for you guys slash
Christmas present for you guys slash
Dustin off something that I own the
promise that I have made to you guys is
if all goes well we'll be going up
Christmas Day and it's something that is
three years in the making
it's something I've wanted to do for
three years it is failed every single
year and it could easily fail this year
and then there won't be a video on
Christmas if all goes well guys we will
be dusting off the old dusty Channel
Christmas Day as a you know I owe you
guys this it's also kind of a nice
Christmas present it should be fun and
it should be it should be beautiful it
should be a heartwarming it should Spira
SHhhh
it should just be everything that it
that I should be doing it's what it's
the level I should be at but I just want
to want to answer that question that
everybody's been asking is rhomin where
is it you promised us so as always guys
I'm working on it and it's going to
happen see me totally different than
anything you expected and I'm nervous
man this boy shoveling it in good job
spaghetti monster did you miss me I miss
you too I won't bother you even finish
eat and come here buddy
I'll get flashes like just dropping
noodle did oh you want to go play huh
you just want to go play come on up
throw some balls with you yeah we got to
clean the backyard Zeus look at this
place you ready that ball used to light
up are you hunting I don't know what
this game it like what's the objectors
been playing is crazy Ark survival list
yeah you built this guy yeah you boys
and your games so I'm back home hanging
out I think a lot of people want us to
do the Q&A by the way salt I saw at
least one comment at least so we're
gonna have to do that soon don't do it
now
Oh No let's do it let's do it okay you
ready not right now
sir just got home everybody's kind of
doing their thing and I was out doing a
bunch of stuff today so every you know
it's okay have fun man it's your
Christmas break brah because I want to
show him cuz I haven't shown him yet
yeah you have well I showed him the game
and not the update you just want to
collect all their awards so it's just
about all you guys know we came out with
our own game the family game Noah's in
at cane Brittany myself family friends
were all in this game that we made so
Noah's on a snowboard now it's all ice
and snow alright alright
there's our monster truck if you haven't
seen our new Christmas update check out
our game again it is completely free
this game cost no money you can play it
for free download it on every platform
pretty sure here's Caine's character and
cane as you guys know the blast up that
cane rode a big RC truck in this time
he's in Santa sleigh I hate that we had
to move the couch and slide the pinball
machine down and it blocked our actual
smiling poster when the game came out we
hit 2 million downloads in 48 hours
which was absolutely insane thank you
guys for still supporting this game it
is so much fun in the update is
available now it's been out for a little
while but I never showed you in the vlog
so there you go go check it out get it
have some fun and play with your family
Christmas after Christmas y'all might
take it down alright
I'm gonna take it down alright I got
just the idea you know what somebody
said they said Roman you should jump off
the balcony
onto the tree I don't hate the idea huh
that makes me want to do it even more
there's no way you can make it
yeah there's no way that's a massive gap
actually it's only about the size of my
finger alright guys I guess now is just
a good time to end the vlog as any
thanks for hanging out with us today
kind of a short vlog again
I mean when you mom did you just take a
Dorito you just stole Dorito believe
this he's not stealing them he's
actually cleaning my desk good boy
absolutely love you guys thank you for
being here thank you for being a part of
this positive environment that we work
on every day to bring you guys up and
that's all I got man just know I got
some big things in the works some fun
things I don't want to hype it up I'm
just gonna say got some things were
coming up it's gonna be really fun and
different mean a little more exciting
spice things up a little bit
thank you for the love the shares the
likes everything keep your head up keep
smiling you're beautiful you're one of a
kind you want to say it Isis go ahead
talk on camera
no sir shy on camera want you just say
it I'll do it for you
I got no I'll get it this time hey all
right smile
you
