who's this
Oh welcome to the vlog guys welcome hope
you are having an awesome day today is a
very weird strange vlog for us because
what's up hey hi I mean like how are you
doing I'm not even talking mother Anna
um how do I even explain this okay so
I'm gonna try to make this like we um we
put our life on the internet and there's
some things that we'd rather not put on
the internet but there's also some
things we just can't hide from it and
that's kind of what this is like we
would rather just not do any of this on
camera but there's not gonna be a way to
hide it coming up so we might as well
just show it I guess is what I'm saying
there's no way to hide it it's going to
be obvious so there's no reason not to
just bring you guys along like honestly
if there was a way to hide this I
probably would just do it it's very
private it's very it's personal this is
very personal thing especially for you
and it's something that yeah we probably
rather not share with the world however
you're gonna know like you're gonna be
it's gonna it's gonna become very
obvious someone else is wanting to do it
or something that they don't have to
feel yeah look this is all very common
super common the only difference is we
have a lot of you watching it makes it a
little more strange because you would
just do this very personally trying to
judge us and trying to you know make you
feel bad sometimes yeah but this is all
about you and what you want to do and
I'm here to support that being said we
are at an office - we're one week away
right one week away from actually the
surgery before you actually get surgery
and I'm gonna do my absolute best to
make sure that this is the most
family-friendly version of this ever we
have kids that watch the videos we have
a future of these videos that we will
watch in the future these videos will be
watched in the future so it's very
important to us that we do this very
family-friendly
and this is you know this is very common
this is something that's not all the
time and it is burning hot in this car
so let's roll so where we're at today is
not my gosh almost hit that car view
that was so scary close where we're at
today is not the actual place that the
surgery will be done this is the place
where Hannah sounds you know all that
Britney explained I'm doing too much
talking okay what are we doing today
okay sorry
don't take your time so today I just
have like a pre-op appointment with my
doctor to decide exactly what we're
doing and what size that you want and
yeah okay all right let's go you have to
put this on all this what is that a
blanket okay the family-friendly version
of this is called why what's this called
what you're doing yes an augmentation it
doesn't sound so bad what I'm doing is
everyone knows I've had like kids yes so
rebuild to rebuild it's not so this has
been this has been this has actually
been months and months and months of
planning oh wait in case oh we have one
more kid which we did which we did and
we decided in a work is so it's the
perfect time did we decide and that's
why was I met with them and decided I'm
the perfect candidate so so be kind of
odd I mean you got a stand in front of a
doctor and she's gonna you know take her
clothes off and and then they basically
prank
they basically bring these sizing
devices that you wear I don't know they
let you try on like what potentially it
will look like after surgery so that's
kind of what we're doing today
I have no idea if I can film it I'm
gonna ask but yeah we're gonna keep the
super PG and yeah we just we like I said
this is something that we would truly do
off camera because it's just it's not
for the Internet but in another week
there's going to be no way to hide it
like Britt's gonna be undergoing surgery
she's gonna be laid up for like
out of it
there's just gonna be no way to really
hide it and then as weeks and weeks and
weeks go by you guys are panning now you
know it's not something we can hide that
is exactly why I'm filming this even
driving up here I took my I grabbed my
camera and I was like we need to think
about this how do we do this and the
best way to do is just bring you guys
along there's really no reason to hide
it either it's something you should be
proud of it's very common it's probably
people you actually know that have had
this done and for a mom or females it's
something that makes them feel so good
about themselves gives them calm I'm
excited don't change the body perfect
the way you are like you are perfect the
way you are and if you're happy with
that man be happier that if you're not
and want to do something that do it all
about the way you feel not about
whatever that's why I'm get mine done
you give me that room girl okay guys so
this is the drawer of like what you're
you know what it could look like after I
won't look up here let me show these
require doctor came in and basically
this is what physically goes inside the
botton and this freaks me out this is
weird to me this is creepy I mean it
feels great honestly but this this is
what goes inside like this is like who
figured this out is so crazy to me this
this is for right now for me and Britt
to kind of give okay so the way these
work are cc's right so this would be
50cc right so you put this this is
something that you put over top of right
now so you can see kind of what it would
look like one Big Momma's House this
would be 250 that would be 300 yeah 300
so if you put that in a truck yeah okay
which one see sort like oh my god honest
it's hard to tell like it's hard even
with them in there it's really hard no
it's not gonna matter because I'm
looking at bees not your actual skin
it's kind of weird guys look at this one
of these long silly and kind of weird
that you have to put these in and kind
of get an eyeball what you want what she
want but this is a big deal like this is
like you're like about to go under
you're gonna have surgery and there's
really not what you pick is what you're
getting now the doctor is amazing and
he's gonna have like a variety and he's
going to really design it basically but
we have to kind of pick the cc's where
we want to be um what is that 300 those
300 650 CCS
it's like a big water drop like a giant
water drop awkward I don't know so we're
sure like actual personal life with you
guys below if you've watched us for
really long time then this is nothing
like we given first hora on our bed and
we you know that that's this is nothing
I think it depends on where you're from
think I was talking to my cousin Laurie
and she's like oh that's like an
everyday thing out here in LA well yeah
Ohio yeah doctor said he does so many
surgeries every week that he has to work
on the weekends like there's that many
so not that crazy
Bruder amazing I don't want anybody
thinking this is gonna be like something
crazy like a real crazy change this is
kinda like you know some of you watching
right now has had this done before
you might have it done or I always say
were I'm saying words I feel like it's a
team thing or it's not like it's nothing
like it's not gonna be crazy there's
gonna be a big crazy change it's pretty
much like a rebuild of you know before
the kids maybe before the kids are so I
don't want anybody to think it's gonna
be like oh my god you're going like it's
like at me like that it's very modest I
should say what you can't have done so
we are gonna cruise home guys hang out
with the family
in past like huh in past in past
as Brittany's uncle
we spotted a soda random we sponsor his
car he does races and we sponsor it
that's why it's got small more all over
that's cool that was so random or just
before I haven't in she's like she hung
did somebody lose that I haven't seen
the sticker side so Bri come on so see
the boys one good thing its core will
definitely be awake yes she's always
asleep when I blogged for some reason
he's running right for daddy or no not
that either
what do you want don't nice to see her
just run right up to us open arms
no let Daddy have that binky let Daddy
have that binky oh geez just why you
ready
rocket binky here it goes it's going in
your ear where's your pants dad then I
hear another woman look it is with his
cats see the cat's give you away soon as
we see cats we know Caine's in there we
were gone for a week he's trying to give
flash potatoes I don't think he wants a
potato I think he wants a potato she
just keeps trying to give them potatoes
I know you don't want potatoes total
horses this is what you get are you
trying to give flash your bread so these
two have a system okay so Flash's hungry
right now and she is teasing him a flush
knows how to open this back door no joke
he can open the back door completely
which is freaky if he does it are you
gonna do it you know got what it takes
boy no got what it takes I just feed him
just fee you know I promise I'll propose
lemon I will prove that's whatever
homemade dude what's that oh good
he's inna um does anybody else have a
dog that will not eat his own food not
just his food I mean we buy the best dog
food the best top-line expensive doesn't
matter you buy the cheapest doesn't
matter he will not eat anything but
human food dude it's so bad he's spoiled
it wasn't growing up on you and food I
know you just ate his food yeah
then overnight so we are we're gonna eat
we have starving so hunger pointless to
even talk about but I'm gonna give some
love to not just our partners but good
friends of ours over at Sikhi guys do me
a favor you guys have heard me talk
about these guys all the time just do me
a favor and download the app just do it
the app is totally free and yes I took
that picture with my telescope it's real
not Photoshop look at that 102 thousand
unread emails it does look like a fake
photo bye guys um siegy talk about all
the time they don't only hook us up they
hook you guys up every single time I do
a promo they give you guys a promo get
the app just get the app it's totally
free open yeah if you're into any venue
activities sporting events concerts
whatever it is he has you covered get
the they have hooked us up with so many
great deals and the way it works has
it's basically a it's a ticket out but
it also shows you in rates ticket prices
so you always know if you're getting a
very good deal or a very bad deal it
gathers other sites shows you where to
get the best deal on your tickets so
it's really doing all the work for you
you know the drill
I'll put the link now guys when you use
promo code Roman I'll put the link in
the top of this description download the
app and use code Roman you will receive
$20 off your first order of tickets
which is pretty dope so no matter what
it is if you want to go see a show you
want to go see a sporting event whatever
it is
check out CQ guys like literally just
check it out download the app and try it
top link I also just want to add a
personal side note to siegy they have
been not only with us for a very long
time but they have been so true and
loyal to our family like some of the
coolest events 21 pilots with us and the
kids all because of CTE they have
treated us as a family very
well and they always give you guys deals
- so I just want out like outside the
sponsorship I want to thank them
personally for always being part of our
family and hooking you guys up as well
so dude shout out to them that's right
our wedding there was a wedding gift
from them they got us
yeah they literally gave us a wedding
gift for Kevin Hart tickets so we get to
go see Kevin horribly crazy and why
would he be coming Oh everybody comes
well you're married now so chill yeah
why would they be coming to Ohio what
horsey horsey horsey are you even trying
your horse you guys have no idea how
good it feels that these are going into
the basement and not being packed I'm
not kidding I'm so happy to not be
leaving for the next 12 days we're like
we're like the Internet we're always on
cult like if you gotta be somewhere you
gotta be some we gotta bust them out but
for now they're headed downstairs which
is great just awesome mmm this girls
getting so big guys you're getting so
big
yeah oh yeah here get your shoes on Tim
shoes on girl yeah sign check it out
it's beautiful oh I think donkey wants
to say hi ready you're getting so good
at this
no geez what are you going without me
there we go big step for mankind right
here Oh anybody else get a Miss summer
so much I had such a good summer such a
great time some of you live where it's
always warm some of you live where it's
always cold and some of you have
seasonal weather like us - what are you
doing let's go boy let's go boy
it's gonna stink I don't want to see
some are you gonna miss summer are you
serious yeah for like the first three
weeks then you're like I want it to be
warm oh my god
Cory you need a bodyguard out here oh my
gosh dude
the cookie smart enough flash I think
we'll just trample that's what it is
you missed summer when it's winter and
you miss winter when it's summer that's
what it is
grass is always greener on the other
side philosophy yeah me too
I love the cold you will go down the
slide huh I mean mommy cleans your
raspberries offering love any we swing
it you ready swing I think one's good
yeah go nowhere you ready I think I have
more fun than she does me five give me
five here we go yeah got that horror
movie sound yeah boo boo some check the
pond now this crazy we had the if you
guys watch the little ass vlog we did we
put the jet skis in here the pun was so
stirred up I mean I can't even believe
it but it's all like completely clear
again it looks amazing yeah looks great
there's got some Leafs in it oh my god
you guys have no idea what just happened
in my mind I saw I said there's leaves
in the pond I just it's changing dude
look at that the tree is orange leaves
no no there can not be Leafs in the pond
Leafs on the ground mean fall which
comes winter she wants to ramp she got
that ramp face Shh I couldn't be wrong
but there's a good chance this was dirt
just in the last vlog look at this earth
is crazy cool man look at that grass ah
let's see a sick front flip dude come on
he's done it off camera I've not
captured the front flip on camera yet
but he's got it he's totally got it here
get your air speed ratios down here get
them flip Oz goes hotter
so can you go keep practicing
send it give me water help I tell you
flipped maybe practice warm up do one
nailed it no pressure buddy you got it
what are you doing all right
maybe you just gotta try one first
bounce bounce flip you're already
wearing yourself out
oh my you flipped too fast and then go
no heist you gotta go up in the air and
flip come on soon it go way up in the
air and flitting her head down so this
was I wanted I really I didn't think it
would be tased log being like this but I
really wanted to do like a a family vlog
like where it's just us and the kids and
the family just being us like we're
doing right now we're just walking
around the yard we're just actually
being humans right now I want to do the
whole blog actually dedicated to just
that like I said I grabbed my camera
this morning I was like what do we do
and so we just decided to film that guys
thanks for the support the love I hope
everybody can respect our decision on
Brittany's decision our decision and I
don't know it's a stuffs man welcome
thanks for being on this this is a
journey that we've been on for a very
long time thanks for sticking around
with us we are just gonna hang out a
little bit longer no we're just left for
the night he'll be back in a few hours
canes playing game I'm losing them
that's what I'm doing so I figured might
as well call it right now we're gonna
hang out and also she's about to go to
sleep
me and mommy or it's gonna be I'm gonna
go play games - it could be that -
anyway guys I freaking love you by the
way for you end watchers new vlog monday
very big huge vlog monday very excited
about it like like feeling excited about
it so that is the next vlog will be
Monday so yeah thank you guys so much
any love and support you can give
appreciate it see you soon your
beautiful one-of-a-kind smile more
you
