hey good what what I'm stuck boy here
what's what's the problem
you like reverse yourself to start the
blog that's like my starting boy yeah
that's my starting point like Haga and
then I mess up and I go back and she's
making fun of me for that let's I don't
know it's a habit it's a it's just a
blogger habit why don't you do the intro
if you're so good at it
miss smartypants I don't know this kind
of is real though I do that I'll be like
hey guys welcome to the vlog if I feel
like I messed up then I'll go back and
I'll say hey welcome to the vlog I don't
know just have it what you're witnessing
here is a five-year-old boy having to
clean up after his little pigsty war
attack on the living room so welcome to
the vlog guys how are you good morning
we're making breakfast that's a lie it's
not morning it's actually really late
we're getting a late start it's still
light out but it's not morning tell me
how it is outside Zeus this is our
Sunday guys it's very kind of laid-back
lame Sunday for us it's really nice to
get some off time and just settle down
time but it's kind of lame for you guys
because we're not doing anything so here
we are sipping on TN laid-back you
better hide boy you better get this
living room clean or so help me don't
make me be a real dad on camera don't
you make me go out of my cool dad my
cool dad mode wanted to punish your kids
on camera Roman why don't you ever
punish your kids on camera don't make me
go to that place can do it counters
clean baby sausage is ready you know
what I'm gonna do with my um I cut it up
put mustard on it make a little sandwich
you guys want a sausage sandwich what's
he gonna do what's he gonna do with that
coat hanger let's just see just freaked
out with flash because last night he
came in with a full bird like a whole
bird I thought it was
even worse I was editing last night
around 2:00 a.m. I let flash out he
finds the bird the birds frozen it's a
rock and fly she just got the meanest
face like a cat when you did that and
then at the same time you have to look
at each other out smiling go on the
worst that that game ever
zombie tunnel hot flashes bone get in
here did you do that oh my gosh that's
scary okay so it's Sunday which means I
also go get to get my boy
Noah that's what we're gonna do right
now you're gonna go with me hey you're
gonna go with me okay let's go we got to
go
how was is your weekend guys what's the
greatest thing you did this weekend what
was your biggest accomplishment this
weekend what did you do that you're
proud of are you using your time wisely
today is our off day today is our day
that is a rest today is not blowing
anything up not building anything not
just kind of being lazy hanging out with
the family most of you on Christmas
break right now maybe you're off work
maybe you're out of school whatever it
is I said it in yesterday's vlog at the
end I said do something on this break
that you've been wanting to do that
you've been putting it off you've been
setting it aside you've probably been
waiting for that that
New Year's resolutions stop wait and do
it now accomplish it man make this break
so worth it make this break something
you remember do something that you've
been wanting to do but you've been
talking
you've been talking the only thing
holding you back right now is you and
your excuses I do it all the time I'm
super guilty of it but maybe a little
encouragement maybe a little motivation
for me or a song you like or another
youtuber you like we'll get you up and
you'll do it that all being said I'm
going to get my boy Noah which you can
always tell that I'm extra exciting you
always know what I'm going to get Noah
because of my energy and my excitement
and what is it just like yesterday it
seemed like last Sunday I was like oh I
gotta take Noah back I know I'm Noah
it's already my Sunday back so thank you
guys so much for hanging out with us
even on the lame days hey we didn't even
get in the door I've been telling Kane
all week that we can't build these until
Noah's here and he's here as soon as we
walked in the door he went straight in
the crowd that pulled it out ripped it
open so here we are you know I just said
we weren't building anything today
didn't we try these last year they were
all broken somebody said it to us it was
it came all crushed and broke this one
looks pretty good the glue the icing
glue when we're all done you want to
smash the city that we build with the RC
truck yeah me neither has stupid idea
why don't you I said that
yeah their gingerbread minis or
something oh I did oh yeah I fixed it
just glue it together it small better
everybody's not mad at me no more right
okay if you're doing this project if
you're doing this project don't cut them
like this cut them put your point in and
just pry it may just pop apart
works every time no one's gonna eat his
house before mine is a struggling man
I'm really struggling yours looks
perfect worth
Kingsley's like an outhouse you build a
bathroom you're building cans Brittany's
got the snow drift thing going on over
there but I got the Christmas lights
that's right
this is gonna be our best gingerbread
houses we've ever made on our own
everybody designed their own gingerbread
house
how you doing over here bud are you
ready to show him your house you ready
for the big reveal is this the front we
show this Kane's gingerbread castle tent
this is Kane's looks like you got your
share of sprinkles on there dude it's so
much your front end caving in oh you
ready for your reveal Brett no no
kidding I know you ready okay mines
ready I'm done I'll show you guys mind
I'm like the house on the strip that
only did the front of their house so
here we go this is mine I tried to go
with the Christmas light idea and then
the widow and I made my own wreath which
I think came up phenomenal I don't know
what's going on the roof it is what it
is okay no no I'm Brett going hard yours
Noah's house I like your walkway I'll
give you points for the walkway in the
yard decoration thanks we had two
snowmen because some of them something
from the top great back and that's where
that reindeer crashed
here's Britt's like I said this isn't a
competition or anything but you guys
decide this is the best
here's Britt's snowy Wonderland people
will get her next year snow for the back
one oh that's awesome with little trees
I think my cameras doing justice but
yeah good job little oversized forum
other people the houses for snowmen are
just flying off the roof Kane's in the
bathroom so so here they are guys
your votes now Brittany's canes mine no
clean on the bottom thanks to thank you
thank you man I need that give me five
man how was it fun it's the worst thing
about a gingerbread land is the
hurricanes hit that is our Sunday vlog
by the way do you know how hard it is to
vlog every day and get Christmas
shopping done that is a that's a skill I
mean the computer it's super difficult
for the kids for anybody like it's
difficult cuz you can't put it in the
vlog anyway guys this is our this is our
Sunday very laid back and we're actually
gonna watch a movie together and call it
a day that's we're all together and
that's super awesome today so thank you
guys for being here probably a short
vlog for you but it is a vlog 18 in a
row I think yes this is yeah this is 18
not that that's crazy that's actually
expected I shouldn't be bragging about
what I should be doing however I'm proud
of it I'm gonna say every day we love
you thank you guys so much tell us whose
gingerbread house was the best and we
will see you tomorrow you trying to buy
votes over here we love you guys you're
beautiful you're one of a kind
smile
you
