okay here's the deal
it is freezing cold outside it is like
rainy ice like it's raining ice mommy's
gone what do you mommy's gone so it is
just me my little boy monster here it is
just me and Kane right now at the house
we came up with like I think we came up
with a pretty good idea to burn some
time have some fun and just hang out
father-son time mr. kid yeah it's pretty
disgusting out guys it's like half
sloshed blood half ice snow it's just
weird
but I'm here let me out manna and let me
out there boots
coat is this all you're wearing it's not
that bad let's go we'll go fast
don't really need a full jacket or two
frozen they're melting look look at our
yard dude it is nasty
you should only get the four-wheeler I
don't do some mud running pretty
interesting idea today we've never done
it in the vlogs and maybe it could work
out Oh awesome dude we got a hotdog raft
but this snows gone so let's get some
lights on let's see what we got here
cheesie's i mean i agree i think that uh
i mean we have plenty we have here at
the swamp horse in this cycles all we
have we have tons of boxes always tons
of boxes come on in Zeus come on in and
I think for a nice indoor day this could
provide a lot of entertainment for the
kid
so we get boxes from everywhere
different companies send its different
boxes so trying to match up the boxes to
make the perfect box for it but for
right okay why don't we take these
inside you take the tape gun I'll get
the boxes that's a deal just the time
that we got them boxes flash ruk in just
that amount of time you rob the toilet
paper rack how do you do it so fast
tape him to the wall cane tape the dog
to the wall he's like I'm out of here
I'll taking my favorite I'm gone this
year for Christmas somebody's getting a
new Husky how's that sound
who wants a new husky imagine selling
our dog like what it would be like oh
great dog never gets into trouble okay
so let's start off by just putting some
of these together all right we're gonna
tape them together make them together
mount them together
zip zip rip rip should we go this way
always here's a fun fact for you I
actually worked in the shipping
department of the Rope factory for many
many years so I have used one of these
for years I used to take boxes all day
long clothes on ship on FedEx UPS
Freight that's all I did
that's just a weird little fact a lot of
people don't actually know that so what
canes recording for me we're gonna start
taping boxes together like this Jean and
we're gonna build giant box tunnels
through the house
put this inside this the only way we can
keep it from tipping is if we cut a hole
out of the side and start building a
tunnel this way that will help hey we
need more boxes dude
I know you're having fun just drilling
the holes in that box but we got a
fourth to build this is where we're at
so far pretty cool actually I love it
it's just goofy enough man we got to
keep building it though what's up dudes
oh yeah didn't take him long to find
that they're tough dude food ice bowling
oh well I wanted it much bigger by the
time they got here but this is gross
come on juice come here Zeus let me go
get it in the box get your ball get your
ball Zeus oh it's going he's going he's
been hit
he got go get his juice and the boss
inside inside
good boy he's in the ventilation come on
boy oh that's funny
Bogut is Zeus inside inside
are you in there kid she's packing all
the way out huh good boy Zeus where's
your ball okay got a little distracted
Dale can kids cam I think we're gonna
head over to his house for a little bit
and Kane I think we're gonna have to add
to this I don't think we should take it
down
maybe wax it's in the outside and put it
out oh and the snow would be awesome Oh
snow for ya we put this outside right
before it does snow and then you'll have
snow tunnels say cheese
I feel like I'm in one of the movies
where they're crawling through the AC
ducts huh
okay okay I'm over the room all right
I'm over the room we want me to do thank
God I could we took a wrong turn
somewhere yeah I feel like if none of us
Melanie X's new flash I think I could
sleep in here it's comfortable it is
comfor it's quiet carpet the inside of
it and a ps4 were sick dang is there
some nice wheels bro no how's he holding
up gonna head over Dale's he's doing
something Hey all right now what are we
working on here what's going on how was
Christmas shopping did you get me that
that Ferrari we talked about
I just wanted to so the 110 scale Oh
Power Wheels the power whiz Ferrari I've
seen that actually a lot you guys are
gonna believe me you think I'm being
sarcastic because I am this is actually
how we make our small more teachers
women teach you right now hold on mister
hold up
I think that thanks permanent we got it
we got forever so oh your iPad
absolutely
oh that's awesome you should do that's
it we're done oh the Reds really back to
the bike painting days you got it nice
muted all right all right sorry gives me
an original character little red okay
I'll do a little blue all right what's
that
that's black that's silver oh that's
cool
do black right down the middle I just
totally got it on the shirt yeah the
blue blue I blew it okay
I think what we're teaching you here is
that you can boom on your own actually
that's pretty cool I like that one we go
heavy on the paint you drop glitter on
the stencil dad let's try it
we're just running some experiments here
into my hat glitter
hey who's seen my hat all dude you're a
shoe an old shoe my shoe Brett give me
your shoe you have a shoe I'll do my
shoes yeah okay kind of dirty though Oh
that'll be cool
no it has potential though yeah we can
do better we can refine I try to wipe
this box it just wash it right now wet
paper towel this stuff trying to say is
right we can build it better
yeah we can go better that's waterproof
you can't even give them away this wide
open we pack that open put in it
yeah mom you're so smart dude I got the
best mom in the whole world we gotta fix
it we got to fix my shoes we gotta fix
them that's good nice and light still
nice and light don't get greedy
don't get greedy okay that's enough 1 2
how we peel it or customed
they're customized we don't blue on the
other side that stinks
dude you like them yeah and keep in mind
that could be the bumper of your car the
bumper your mom's car they hit the taro
why don't drive that those you got so
much glitter yet they get their hoo you
got to get the hoop-dee-doo some might
stick hold on dude bling bling 50 cent
now house yeah
I don't think you can hurt the shirt
buddy looks cool
alright here's me ready or Oh
Atwood smiley dude do can write your
name right there
everybody's gonna sign it we're giving
it away nice cane and see now I want the
shirt see now I want the shirt I know
now I don't want to give it yeah all
right you got me
you got cane you got dad Atwood you got
Dale boom it's one of a kind you're not
gonna find many things it's got the
heart in the front but it's got the
blood stain in the back super cool our
crazy experiment turned into a pretty
cool t-shirt I know a lot of you are
probably laughing at it but uh you know
there's a lot of blood sweat and tears
that went into this you can even see the
her image in the shirt I just went to
the store check out this new outfit I
picked out new pair of shoes new shirt
hey last idea my car black smile on one
cheek more on the other cheek with a big
stripe around it some are more butt
cheeks what do you mean why honey we
gotta go we gotta leave why is the room
silent maybe we gotta go
what are you doing in here can you
throwing gifts he's in Santa's sleigh
flying through my gift self
he's in the middle that's funny you're
in the menu of the game it has been
raining all day long the good news is
not that cold the bad news is it is
flooding our backyards water hits
puddles not sure if we're gonna get that
white Christmas that everybody dreams
about having a winter storm winter storm
warning there was like this huge fire in
Tennessee a couple weeks ago so we're
taking someone on donating tons of stuff
socks and hats and deodorants and
tylenols and gift cards and just look
really just common things what are those
hand soap it's a full truck we got a
couple pack and plays for some kids and
tons of clothes
awesome no way flash did how did you get
that on him oh he's the king of the
house baby how do you even get it on
there Oh bless you're gonna get yourself
in trouble dude he's happy now how long
has he been in that house that even
happened like how's the dog just slip
into the to the tree to the crown
you're crazy dog you we love you guys so
much thanks for hanging out with us
today I don't even know what I filmed
between me and Kane and going on my
brother's really blurry thank you for
hanging out either way the streak
continues this is number 17 in a row we
will see you tomorrow you are beautiful
keep your head up know that you can do
whatever it is you want to do I hope you
have a wonderful Christmas enjoy the
holidays I hope you're getting out of
school and school's out for a couple
weeks use it wisely it's gonna go fast
before you know it you'll be like I
can't believe Christmas break is over
and I didn't do anything get up do
something fun guys do something you want
to do accomplish something and feel good
when you got to go back to school and
you got to go back to work feel
accomplished I love you guys thank you
for being here that's all I got you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile off
you
