hey I am NOT are you awake because I'm
not awake I know you're always ready do
you remember we put the water balloons
outside do you think they're done open
let's go welcome to the vlog guys we uh
last night if you watched yesterday's
vlog we froze some water balloons but
look the rubber is blown off of them
that's actually the water wow it looks
cool in the Sun that's ice so we took
water balloons we filled them with water
and food coloring and then we froze them
so let's get a knife we need a knife
that is wild
dude the food coloring works so good it
just peels open this one's bleeding gain
yeah I think we had it way too much but
look how bright they are I think you can
handle a little blood you've given birth
so pretty cool pretty fun experiment I
don't think it's supposed to leave food
coloring everywhere though but
definitely something fun to try the only
thing that stinks for the kids is you
have to be patient you have to wait all
night or at least a few hours where we
live but your crazy dogs doing huh what
you crazy dogs doing I think it's the
last day of our snow guys it's supposed
to melt it's actually supposed to rain
and that will definitely melt all this
snow
hope you're feeling good hope you're
having a great day we're just getting
our started we want to start with our
balloons that we did last night and
unfortunately couldn't show you in the
vlog because they weren't frozen all
right there dude
that's a water balloon whoa I didn't
even pop sit ready gum here we go you do
the honors the first storm come down
here oh you peeled the orange dude yeah
whoo that did it
okay we're gonna take this Sony out
because it does pretty good slow motion
and we're gonna drop let's do the big
green one hot spot here we go one two I
have no idea I got it let's get you oh
oh yeah hi I missed it on the edge is on
the edge of the they hit the screen
about to fall here it comes
since it is kind of our last day of snow
we haven't done any RC action so we're
gonna get a couple RCS our canes already
been tested his it's Rocking I'm gonna
take the summit with the GoPro out and
do
all right this is ridiculous if I can do
it I accidentally just did it here we go
you ready show him stay in the middle
okay
alright that was almost it
that is way too much father
Wow oh alright there's some sick twisted
bets going on in the smile Moore store
right now Todd's here working on the
tank and he said who will eat a fish not
a real fit not the fish that we have
this is what our fish eat it's called a
little silver side it's like a minnow
hold on do you have a real one like a
full one I can show them no you just
decide how they come half gnarled and
chewed up cheater can eat that or just
made me kinda like popcorn sure you know
the eel is gonna be jealous look at him
look you just shot out he's ready to eat
if you're new to the channel or you've
never seen this this is our smile more
tank this is our eel he is red I've
never seen him so social you see him
pull it right there there you go there
you go BAM gone that is how you stand on
a ladder Todd oh this is my own personal
matter
so this is our freezer of fish food this
is what the fish eat in our tank and
this if these are silver sliders
in good silver slides silver slides we
got the popsicle option is that should I
try to find a full size full one I mean
is that is that a half fish you got fun
everything you up for the you want a pop
stick or you want us to heat it up
oh look at that he's uh Oh God jelly I
don't know if you're gonna eat that like
I'm kind of turn it onto your team right
now I don't know I have the weakest
stomach I cannot do anything like this
why you're gonna have to cut it in half
with your teeth she's good she's gonna
go for it we're throwing it out this
frozen oh it's gonna swim right now yeah
I don't think you want to chop it
no wait you rather eat too long but
think about what's gonna come out of it
when she cuts it in half like the guts
and no I know I'm saying I want to cut
it somebody has to get a 30-second clock
she has to hold it down for 30 seconds
to get the money in her mouth or in her
stomach go in her stomach she has to
show us don't even try to do it yet you
have this oh you just turn it a little
sandwich yeah you know you're going
face-first
you're gonna bite it
you need to get swallow I just get rid
of it she did it oh yeah I see it
30 seconds oh she ate it there were
another you are a champ I could never do
that ever never
Oh 20 for me 20 from Britt 20 from Todd
that was the easiest 60 bucks you ever
made
I am NOT physically capable of doing
that no way
nope oh my billet tall tall like this we
can go up high high yo let's go up yo yo
yo word do you remember what you used to
say Booya Booya used to yell at all the
time
it's like booty I used to be your dad
now you're just dad everywhere this is
the best one we've done all right guys
it is back time so I'm gonna fill up the
back 14 and actually this is the only
way I could get them in the back okay
okay okay I did that on purpose
okay these are gonna make your back hold
these are like ice popsicle dude
ready watch watch watch me the balloon
just took off hit cane and flew out
well Zeus's gotta clean it up for you oh
my god that went everywhere I get in the
top boy you in the tub I'll take care of
this it is bath time I'll be back in one
second one second I told me to be one
second I don't know if it was quite one
second or not peekaboo
guys we are going to call it a day I
know it's a short vlog but I think it's
a fun vlog I had so much fun today the
RC thing killed me it was completely
accidental but I did that Hey
yeah I think you might be wearing the
dab out I think maybe maybe we got to
come up with something new we love you
guys so much I got to in early get ready
for tomorrow's livestream if for some
reason I know everybody's saying you're
gonna be in school and it's just a
really bad time to livestream so make
your teachers but supposed to do it at
1:00 p.m. tomorrow for us I guess if
you're seeing this vlog it already
happened or I've pushed it back or I've
moved it or whatever I don't know I
can't figure it out either way we're
gonna say goodbye we love you thank you
for hanging out the streak continues and
we've had so much fun doing it we love
you you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile
you
