okay do this do you wanna do this yeah
guys welcome to the vlog how you doing
hanging
oh you in the dab mode this week give me
five has a whole nother level dab right
there dot dad five dive dive I hope
you're having an awesome day guys we are
just getting started I got this thing
maybe two weeks ago and I've never used
it but it's a I'm sure you've seen these
before maybe you haven't but it's it's a
mount for your dog for your camera ah
get out of here Dino okay open it come
on mr. muscles let me see what you got
boy huh honey ready puppy dude it could
work
I just face up you have to crawl around
on like a dog all right what do you
think Zeus
no we got put it on a dog it's already
on you said good Zeus Oh see look like
battle armor dude it's battle armor grip
of GoPro that's perfect
put it in this cage and you push it down
I want to sit I know it's snowing a
little bit I saw some snow whoa check
out Zeus check this out he's like I'm
not going until daddy goes watch here we
go
he likes always heels I was thinking
flesh might be to see yeah he's so
sporadic though like this is a little
more chill see now I won't actually just
leave and watch what they do you know I
mean the a bright asleep Jesus sit so we
get it we get a high fly
Wow oh I'm only leaving for like 20
minutes
it's only minutes need a bath well I
don't know cuz you are
I finally got tags on my car which has
been sitting for I don't think I've
driven this thing for a month maybe more
she's got it and I'm out of gas
dude I don't know if you can see it but
it's snowing a little bit
I cannot help to think that right now
somebody's grabbing their surfboard in
this tropical weather and paddling out
to ride some beautiful crystal-clear
waves like that's happening somebody's
doing that right now maybe one of you
live in that type of paradise and it's
just like man you don't really think
about it until it's snowing and you're
like then that's happening there's
another there's another world I'm taking
you over to my brother's to show you my
brothers Factory to show you what he's
been working on I think I've showed you
this already it's kind of new it's kind
of exciting for us as a family and it's
just so cool and like I don't know why
I'm so drawn to it but I love it yo yo
look at this thing what's up man welcome
look at you don't know what you're doing
you don't know this doesn't do it ah
let's see
yep back pressure is good at yep bill
yep we're good
you guys know we actually showed you
this before but they're actually ready
Dale is now producing them so let's
check them out whoa what's that
this is purge we're just getting the
plastic ready getting temperatures like
a plastic poop yeah this is the funnest
part so it's super hot yeah 100 degrees
are you getting I mean it's hot it's hot
why is it pooping gotta go you gotta go
see it it's collecting material from
here which we're adding color from here
in case you don't know this is an
injection motor this is how you you get
a mold it pushes plastic into it and on
the other end comes whatever you've
designed yeah how long is this project
been how long I mean we I think we
originally sent the final design files
to the tool maker and February she's
alright so this is the actual mold these
big thick metal plates here's the you
can kind of see it on your an and
backwards so that the final products
like correct - they're so pretty oh man
yeah this also make fresh crisp smile
more dollars here we go actually once
you do the honor what do I push push
this button with the red tape okay watch
here shoot really fast
whoa
dude they are how did you just make that
like that and then you just snap that
off it's not just a ruler you designed
he designed the synthol pencil and the
rulers just a perk yeah and it's like
four score for goof-off like you can
just spray you did it with spray paint
yeah if you just you can either pen or
pencil marker paint spray paint whatever
you fill in these cracks on the other
end will be smile more that's epic I
love it it's so amazing
like you see stuff like this like even
in the store you see a stencil roller
but one thing if he's made right here by
you hope they come two at a time
so you have it guys something cool that
Dale has personally added to the smile
Moore store himself I love it man thank
you
awesome and when this is all said and
done I want them molds pay a lot of
diamonds smaller buttons this might blow
your mind a little bit to make something
like this just to make something like
this for those pretty molds how much
roughly not the exact price let's put it
this way a small mold a very small
plastic part can cost about $10,000 for
the mold and a larger part couldn't be
sixty easy another thousand dollars
sixty grand nothing
are they all that shiny and pretty they
have to be right no like if you want
that rough heavy-duty look they'll look
all like texture like laser engraved
texture like if you want it to look like
carbon fiber it has to look like carbon
fiber in there if you want wood grain
that metal has to look like wood grain
to get this super clear it has to be
polished like a mirror and that's why
it's so chrome and shiny
exactly that's polish to the tilt so a
lot more work and effort goes into such
little things than even I understand
this is crazy this is cool they're
available right now thanks to Dale this
is a new product to the smile Moore
store they're available now link in the
description be do good you didn't go
that would have proved they oughta prove
right now yeah he was a little hesitant
so I unclog the toilets by you're
growing up you're growing up no yeah no
it's been going over and helping deal
with his dominoes and things packing and
just you know helping working on money
it's great I love it happy holidays this
is from the social media team at Garmin
it's not a brain do they just sent us I
know
actually actually actually I swear to
you guys I said I can't vlog because
everyone will think it's a brand new
it's not they spent a lot of time look
at these tips and they said something
for the baby hey Roman we at Garmin
really appreciate your attitude towards
life parenting and family values we've
been watching the vlogs for some time
now and would love to work with you and
your family in the near future please
accept these Garmin's gifts as a token
of our gratitude for you and your family
you want to open it look we assume that
Cannes is Cannes they wrap them in our
faces which is amazing all right open it
up let's see what it is for the baby so
I'm gonna open this one no the baby has
to open that one what is it
so it goes you know how its rear your
babies where you're facing alright put
it back there so you can see if they
like plastic
what does it game what the heck is it
dude whoa vivofit jr. it's a watch open
step one throw it out on the ground as
hard as you can
it's the multi-sport training GPS watch
look at that oh my god it's beautiful
what open it boy open it
jake and the neverland pop Natalie
chicken now Jake and Natalie thank you
guys so much this is way way too much
this is unbelievable wait how do they do
that this has a smile more logo in the
wash that's so cool - one more - oh cool
on the back is that what you're doing I
know is that what he's doing that is so
fun let me see what you had well yeah
hundred and fifty nine dinosaur steps
dude I told Kenan count your steps and
now he's just running around running
around it's snowing can't really see it
but it is what it's no hopefully it
keeps it up probably not hi guys as you
saw moon vlog my dad
shipped keen and I came to sleep but he
shipped us I don't know where I am but
I'm really cold
I think it's snowing I don't know what
I'm at my dad's house okay I'll ship to
the same place
every time I hear the songs beginning to
look a lot like Christmas I always sing
it and today it's not beginning to look
a lot like Christmas because it wouldn't
snow so now I can actually sing the song
in the right way
okay look pain wants to play a game that
I did Conrad kind of made it up but I
would chase them around on the
trampoline so Connor who said let's play
over so we call it over from now on and
he's gone
bug lash by hole good time doing the
cameras all foggy from you guys coming
in I have to actually let my camera warm
up before we can film it's all foggy
their little chicken nugget on the floor
I wanna I just want to see a comparison
come reduce right there stasis sit sit
look at this eyes you mean take a
picture okay hold still I'm gonna take a
picture go online and get my masseuse
license real quick
chiropractor license I can do YouTube
tutorial I'm sure I can knock this out I
can do it John Cena mixed with one of
them was the elbow drop one
like no way the energies push away the
Archies mr. wood
here's the real question how did you
freaking hurt your rib that's not good I
don't know it was out she's like okay
wait wait let me tell the story real
fast she wakes up where was I this
morning was it last night you woke up
one night you were like my chest hurts
so bad remember I had a little pain in
my like the front of my chest
and then I went and saw the chiropractor
and he said you had a rib out put it
back and it's been fine except for I
think it was the night before last
her pain where you gotten that Cup yeah
breathe pretty puppies did she go to the
chiropractor for real I'm happy it
worries me I don't like any problems
with you right now we're the monsters in
your belly well I was just trying to
help I'm sorry I pushed the wrong spa
push the wrong button
Jana's no like that we're even here he's
Justin fruity pebble cup world
well guys although I don't actually want
it in the vlog right now we are getting
the vlog I have to edit tonight and be
in bed early we are actually getting up
very you guys know how I am with
mornings especially with vlogging at
night so I'm gonna in the vlog early
it's actually pretty early it's only
9:30 p.m. which to me is if I can get
this vlog started and edited and done
I'll be able to head out early in the
morning and feel great
Debbie and said we are getting up early
and I will be bringing you completely
along it should be great vlogs all
weekend not missing a day ever again and
I'll see you guys Monday ever again your
battery light flashing beep beep beep
beep beep beep beep beep bye guys
bye we love you guys thank you for
everything again and again and again
you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
you
