tell me if I'm crazy you know when
you're drinking like caffeine or coffee
or your favorite soda it has caffeine
and then you don't have it for a day I
get the craziest headaches like I didn't
have any caffeine yesterday at all and I
woke up this morning with just this
pounding sensation two other people get
that like if I don't like if I drink
coffee one of the reasons I don't drink
coffee is because of the headaches that
I get if I don't have coffee maybe I'm
crazy I could be crazy I some people
have said that I'm crazy how you guys
doing welcome to the vlog I'm packing up
leaving this hotel just making sure I
have everything dude I ate a bagel in
the bathtub this morning I think we're
good I think we're good let's do this
you know here's the door we get down
there hope you guys are feeling good
having a great day I'm going home I'm
excited I'm always excited to go home
Brittany has texted me like a hundred
times saying Kane just keeps asking what
time I'm coming home so that's always
exciting I should know I get to walk in
that door plow through the dogs grab my
boy scoop him up and hug him ah give me
all your money boy you didn't know your
money what's your name give me something
oh yeah just sleep last night
but yes here's why I finished the blog
about 3:30 all right which I thought I
was gonna pass out but I didn't get up
till 1:00 p.m. good yeah you know what
man palm trees sunshine is what you know
I think I just changed my mind let's
just go and stand Florida look I'll have
bring the kids and Brittany down here
let's do it I'm serious man it is
beautiful I know home is like edge of
snowing cold wet so my checkout was a
little earlier than my flight and
country just hit me with a curveball he
said that there's a converse
outlets out it's like where you can go
find old converse shoes you guys know
where converse shoes to Mira check this
place out never even heard of it is it
like big small this is pretty big yeah I
already miss it I'm still here
look at that oh you already know I'm
excited man I am there are so many
unique converse dude I've never even
seen some of these look at these I just
I just can't pull off certain shoes like
certain shoes I can't pull off I'm such
a basic guy apples Apple shoes all right
why don't find nothing for a good thing
and I have literally backpack to take
home and I have such a smoke I'm at
eight and a half and converse so it's
hard to find like I don't came to that
size that much good stuff there but
they're like unique things it's not our
style it's a new Honda Civic right there
you know this Airport looks exactly like
a mall
yeah look at this tree
hey guys welcome to Ohio Raman is on his
way home which I'm so excited here's the
fishies oh it's so blue there's little
Nemo's I'm feeling way better today have
way more energy I even brought up the
Christmas decorations if you guys have
been watching since last year you know
we have our own stockings with our names
on them and I just ordered these and
they came in today there's one for this
and one for flashy Mayotte this that
matches our Christmas tree getting ready
for the season of Christmas time
everyone her CDs on iTunes hey you got
none in that whoo oh are you ready to go
to bed hey are we gonna put our
Christmas tree up soon tomorrow yeah if
you guys remember last year our
Christmas tree had quite a few lights
out and it was very difficult to get up
I'm not gonna sit here anymore
if you guys still remember there was
like a whole strip out on the top
I ordered a 15-foot tree our ceilings I
think 20-foot so I think we had to put
the star on from the balcony I got our
Christmassy uh whatever this thing's
called on the bed nice Star Wars pillow
on there that's a real Christmasy you
know what I just thought of is next year
we'll have another stocking we have to
add oh that's so crazy to think about it
next year we'll have a little like five
month old little baby
baby a boy maybe girl this is our skirt
that goes under the trances that was so
yeah I'm really really excited that
we're getting a new tree this year
fun fact Roman and I have never spent
money on a tree together the tree that
we had in our old house the small short
tree my gram-gram bought me and she
bought it over the summer at a yard sale
for $1 and that was our tree until we
moved here and then when we moved here
are the people that had recently owned
the house left their big 12-foot tree so
we've been using theirs so this is the
first year we've ever spent money on a
tree together and it was pretty crazy
trees are expensive I feel like I'm
talking a lot guys I actually have
energy today which was really good they
like the car guys to me is watching me
like why is this chick filming herself
right now
yeah so Roman text me about ten minutes
ago and said he landed and I'm still
about ten minutes away was there almost
there I'm just excited it's so crazy
he's been gone for one day and it feels
like he's been gone a week
yeah we made it the crazy laser tunnel
pain are you excited yeah yeah Port
Columbus International Airport trying to
find the mr. Roman Atwood this is the
difference between this Airport and
every other Airport there's literally no
one here mommy's gonna unbuckle Columbus
Ohio here's your second vlog camera back
what a great well I didn't even know you
were coming to get me King he didn't
want to until like last second he's like
wait no I want to go back back I'm back
I'm back it feels awesome you know I was
only gone one full like actually one
full day like one day without seeing I'm
like I don't like jamming all the way up
here was like dots because Robins coming
home today you want to go to Dale's I
guess he did something crazy with this
drum set you won't know he texted me and
said he was having a bacon okay my
brother texting he says first he said
I'm having a game night what time do you
get home and I said well I'll be home I
think I can come to a game out but then
he said he's having a bacon game night
every game has to with bacon he told
Jess he needed 30 pounds oh dude every
time I see your face I just light up man
do you want to go to Dale's
hey I love you so as always kind of
coming home I eat up day with traveling
but you said you vlog camera for like a
full half-hour did you blow anything up
you didn't blow anything up no but I
have really bad news like really bad
news why so you know we're stockings
from last year yeah dog stock is that I
got that's the really really bad news
when you said really really bad news I
thought you meant like the dirt bike
won't start yeah while you're out of
town did you see my 360 on the atom bike
dude look how are you eating that bike
he's gonna either bring it up when they
come up to Ohio or he's just gonna ship
it if you watched yesterday's vlog Adam
Elzy taught me how to do a 360 wow you
look like you're not leaving that spot
for a while I didn't know you'd be here
baking game nights on huh okay alright I
was trying to clean my viewers that you
text me about baking a night what is it
because I smell it
I don't know
it is alright baking game-night consists
of anybody who getting you on a plate
most of battlefields but then 11 pounds
of bacon 11 every shapen okay it's okay
so I realize now why you're here ya know
they're playing games
hey daddy crazy dogs how dude oh jeez my
bag hey hey what's up buddy what's the
flash miss me did you miss me then we
have a talk I had a talk but don't give
me a high five you keep tearing stuff up
dude you know what flashes that look
like you don't even care you know some
dogs are like oh there's some ears I'm
guessing you got pretty lucky with the
Legos dude I'm surprised flashing it and
turn this into a little a little dinner
a little meal flash would have Lego
turds visiting with mom and dad and Dale
and Justin the kids a little bit and
we're home back wait this is the issue
you are ridiculous
I think it looks great
flash the dog should have different
font that's how you know they're dogs
Santa would get confused that's why they
have a stocking put an eye right there
say homie or ass homes or I can get the
hammer nails out we just drive it right
into the mantle
number four we already out number four
dude we didn't in the vlog last night
actually I don't know why I didn't in
the blog last night but I didn't we're
opening up each day you get to open up
and build a little piece of Legos for
Christmas morning mommy what's you doing
any air oranges a little baby bump
little baby bump
it's there yep look at you acting like
you're a good doggie look at ya all
right guys we're gonna in this vlog and
start today's vlog actually so weird
thanks for going to Florida with me
thanks for coming home with me and we're
back so uh i eated out yesterday of a
pair of pink converse and I said if it's
a girl with a picture of a pink converse
and I don't know how many tons of people
said congratulations I knew it was gonna
be a girl I said if if it's a girl and
everybody saw it's a girl like they
didn't even see the if part so we're
still we're still not close enough to
know what the baby is I definitely said
if I'm so sorry for all the confusion I
have so many comments tweets literally
saying congratulations on the girl um
it's crazy
that being said we love you we will see
you tomorrow we're getting so excited
like just seeing that the littlest bump
is like there's something in there
there's there's there's something in
there you see them all guys we love you
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
