he's my best buddy okay you know that
yeah I love you more than anything in
this whole world
okay you need anything have mommy call
me okay daddy will make it happen no
matter where I'm at in the whole world
okay bozos baby I love you you give me
five boy that's my man I see but I'll be
back my flesh my brush welcome to the
world welcome back I know our leave
couldn't have come at a worse time I
took two days off for Thanksgiving and
then my whole family got sick how are
you feeling we're better today did my
hair my makeup today
get it together well your energy levels
up I can tell your energy levels up we
are not back to 100% but we are back to
the vlogs guys thank you for everything
I'm not even going to get into it
make excuses let's just continue welcome
let's go get you some deodorant boy I've
no deodorant it's that's our whole day
it's just romeny britney get the odor
that's our title that's all right there
is so much going on behind the scenes
right now that I am dying and actually
scared to share with you guys tonight
I will know if I'm even allowed to share
with you guys it is very very personal
it's very very scary it has nothing to
do with the baby baby's great stuff for
everything's good on that has nothing to
do with that it's something else that's
been going on for months months months
probably almost a year now behind the
scenes things that have been going on
with us and it completely sucks and I'm
excited to share with you guys just to
like let it out but I'm nervous to share
it with you guys because it's scary
stuff and to be honest I'm nervous just
to tell you so anyways that all being
said I have to take a really sucky trip
right now to the airport to fly to
Florida to do a bunch of BS BS stands
for
drink nice and you're gonna learn
anything me I'm going to Florida to do
BS but you won't be there so that's
awkward okay so the deodorant thing was
completely real I have no deodorant I'm
not even on the owner right now and I
have had time to get a haircut so I
tried to trim up this is this is so bad
I still got my sideburns
I tried cuz I told you though
I tried to trim up my sideburns by
myself today and I I did good on this
side like all right it's still bad but
this side you want to show him look at
this it's like squared off and down you
see it and there's so many gray hairs
like my sideburns are bad okay no I
don't brush my teeth
dude this trip has really really got me
on my edge of my seat you know what kind
of toothbrush I want I want a kids want
to remind me of my kids like one of
these
I want to brush my teeth with one of
these yes what do I need a flamethrower
no like if I pick up this I'm gonna
think a king well you know I mean it's
so nice that I finally hit the age where
I could leave the house and not have a
mom tell me what to do only to fall
right back into that same soft gentle
just like you it's like you know
wait toothpaste I have rushed my teeth
with a wash rag in the blogs before
remember on tour or somewhere yeah you
have to get me kids to 3 so I think of
the kids while you're me late I'm always
late late to the gate is it just me or
deodorant turning into like the next
candy bar how are you supposed to pick a
deodorant like do we need this many
what's the difference between
antiperspirant sweat I think hell no
doctor I think antiperspirant it's
supposed to help you not write so any
both there's nothing worse than stinking
I hate stinking dude I'm guilty yeah
like some days I'm like oh I forgot I
love how you've been out of deodorant
for a while now and you just gonna go
watering up last night I'm allowed to
stink around you that's what I'm saying
we've many other eight years after three
I can stink hope you guys are having a
wonderful day man I hope you're feeling
good I Satan every blog but I truly hope
you're feeling good man I'm so glad we
missed you we really do I kick myself I
don't even sleep good at night when I
don't have a vlog to upload I mean I
can't make that out how stressed out I'm
on it's bad it's it's upsetting to me
how upset I get when I didn't vlog a day
but there's some times where you guys
know it she's got to man up your family
got kids I get responsibilities I got
business I got things you know what else
I have excuses that's what it sounds
like I'm doing right now but and we're
off to the airport we're off
Oh keep going I'll just record you I'm
making these killer jokes and I'm gonna
miss you like crazy we've been together
so much lately
apart did you cry I didn't know you
didn't I looked at you my eyes were full
of tears and I said I don't want you to
leave tomorrow although that's cuz you
poked your eye I love you you take care
of the kids and our baby I want to feel
that baby kick in we go in in a couple
of weeks you hear the heartbeat whoo
you're the best
I love you thank you up I'm gonna get
this done oh my gosh I get everything in
one backpack no suitcase I will see you
very soon I love you I'll call you like
a thousand times like a stalker
boyfriend yeah I haven't traveled for a
while without my family it feels kind of
weird actually traveling by myself I do
have somebody coming with me though
who's turned out to be such a close
friend of mine which is crazy because he
started out doing security for me on
tour he was actually one of my security
guards his family in Florida so we're
gonna jump on a plane together and head
down and yeah that's where we're at
right now man give me all your money I
gotta ask you a serious question man
because this is your neck of the woods
so do you know any good barbers in
Orlando I mess it up you know when
you're like in the mirror you start
fighting your stuff I start popping
light and you start picking stuff I'm
like Oh God look at that sucker I'm just
gonna trim it okay guys this next scene
may be a little cheesy hopefully it will
inspire you a little bit you're opening
here meow I am sure right now in your
life you are dealing with some sort of
problem that you probably don't want to
face just as I am right now we must face
our problems guys these problems are
as bad as you think without problems we
remain the same problems t just they
create a better version of us they
create a stronger version of us I
personally try to create positivity out
of my problems and work on trying to
figure out a way to make my problems
make me better and get in to teach
myself lessons and none of us are
perfect that we all struggle every day
but I promise you just like this cheesy
stormy cloudy weather shot into watching
right now if you keep pushing forward
and you keep going up and never look
back above that rain cloud is that
beautiful sunshine guys look at that
look at that all I'm saying is we all
got problems and I want to work on them
together all of us we should all be
working to become better people
alright that's the end of my cheesy talk
I love you guys Lando meet Florida
you're always so nice where's this beach
did what this is it
holy smokes thanks for the car bro yeah
man see you yeah I just slice right down
in this thing what is this a Jaguar of
what Jo 5.0 XJ yeah so let's go drifting
let's do it he wasn't playing around
like he's literally taking me a
barbershop it's almost it's 8:00 p.m.
well you know barbers are open 8:00 p.m.
well you didn't come in late living in
the J what's this bun this is a joke
buddy we are here guys today is a more
of a travel day and tomorrow's the
actual reason I came to Florida
tonight's just getting prepared for
tomorrow and actually I think I found a
fun way to make this trip fun and not so
much the other way it's gotta be the
place right barbershops fix cyber they
specialize in and then inject up
sideburns a special has attacked us over
I'm asking serious questions this is
dead serious I like country try to fix
my sideburns today
you see that yeah he promised me that he
could fix them now I actually uh
actually did this one myself and I
actually did this myself just a little
just a little you see that short one day
you ready so just when I kind of tell
you guys what's going on
I stop didn't got stuff to make these
cookies Kane really wanted to make them
so I stopped and got everything on my
way home I got him and I got back and
came I don't know what it is but I feel
so bad for him he's like fine one minute
and then the next minute he's just like
I miss my dad and he just starts crying
I'm gonna try it and find a little
tripod and set it up you may there's one
for making these cookies and I didn't
have the butter from temperature it's
not stirring very well it feels like
play-doh yeah yeah can you get it grab
it like a ball there you go a flower in
my hair guys this was my biggest fail I
think I've ever done with cooking
they're not quite what we thought they
would be huh I thought they'd be a
little more 3-dimensional color that's
what you get
we're gonna make them see how they turn
out
I'm gonna send this footage over to
Roman right now because it is nine
o'clock and it takes a few hours I know
he's gonna want to edit soon so from
Ohio he love you guys say bye cane bye
we love you we'll see you I think it may
block tomorrow or the next day so we'll
see you soon like that's not even me
dude what you doing what you do what I
look like a different human I really do
since I walked in here what you guys
think your magician man we're new magic
I mean you know what I hid all day with
my hat those is this huh I got the
sideburns dude I got the side cloth I
got you know you just saved me save me
epic style barber shop where we at right
now it's alright guys so this is gonna
be my home for the next couple days here
in Florida and you know I thought I
would find out today more info on if I
could talk to you guys yet about this I
know I can but I'm this definitely has
to be worded right and correctly and I'm
probably just confusing you and I
probably shouldn't even have brought
this up until I was ready to discuss
with you guys um don't worry about
anything everything is great
it's just some things that I gotta
handle business-wise and things that
have kind of just you know just been
really a headache for a little while so
I will get it done tomorrow I should be
able to actually just go into full
detail with you guys let you in on all
of it get it off my chest and uh
everything around us is fueling the
negativity in our lives and I don't want
to be that person I always want to be
the person that brings a little bit of
positivity into your life so uh but
everything's gonna be okay no matter
what man worrying never changes the
outcome I love you guys thanks for being
here thanks for helping me get back on
track just thanks for everything like
literally everything you're amazing
you're beautiful I will also tomorrow's
actually okay tomorrow should actually
be a lot of fun because I figured out
when I'm done with what I have to do I
found a couple friends of mine also
youtubers that's gonna come hang out
we're gonna goof off do some craziness
last time I was with these people that's
all I'm gonna say I love you guys you
are beautiful you are one-of-a-kind keep
a smile on your face baby you're
beautiful smile more
you
