welcome to the vlog guys it is
absolutely gorgeous outside it's
beautiful with sunny and I want to tell
you about my new job I actually got a
new job tree removal I have become a
tree removal service I show up at your
place of business or home and I help
remove your tree your unwanted trees
let's say you're trying to dig a pond
but there's a big tree on your property
I'm gonna show up and remove that tree I
really do pull it up in my man Todd's
house or with the reef farm and we're
gonna do a little tree removal today
look a tree is so dangerous
I can't even cut it down it's dead wood
we got here yep so I want to burn it and
stuff but the problem is if you get too
close to it I mean if I started cutting
that thing those things could just fall
if it's been sitting there for like 4
years dead dead so here's the tree it's
this big dead rotted out tree we're
gonna try to take it down today once you
just go full speed with your van and
just hit it watch all the branches come
down sweep probably hard to tell on
camera how big that tree is it's about
40 inches across which is a big tree for
how we're gonna do this to take a tree
down like this you're gonna need good
tools I brought just the tools gonna
need a lot of these 308 one imagine
calling your local tree company and and
you guys show up with just a whole bunch
of guns and and ways to take down a tree
now I'll be really surprised you really
think you're gonna take that tree down
no way no all right guys we're gonna
start small see what happens when we
just we shoot the tree now we're gonna
use a two to three and of course the 50
Desert Eagle that thing's a plugger man
I want to somehow show you guys the
actual width of this tree it's a big
honkin tree man watch you stay it up
back to us
at the big tree
I don't need to take to take that tree
fifty butcher you're not worried about
it like coming down and smashing your
barn this could be like one of the more
dumb things we've done here remember the
ice when we carved the ice out and blew
the ice all over his barn
hey dude those things live my whole life
they're everywhere all right we're gonna
least knock the bark off so we can see
what we're hitting we're gonna use the
50 golden Desert Eagle oh my god that's
it good that's a lot of that's a lot
it's work on your wrist bands under
Britney she's pretty small yeah I think
is she shot this no that they would
break her little wrist man all right
guys so I don't know man you got some
nice holes here probably from the desert
eagle the AR is almost pointless you can
see all these holes it's just bouncing
right off the tree it's putting little
dents all right we're gonna cheat a
little bit we're gonna cheat a little
bit and put some
that's awesome just cut an X in it it'll
come out I was just gonna pop it out sit
in there yeah all the way it's like 9
inches perfect we go holy crap
do we crack the whole tree there we
crack the whole thing the whole thing's
cracked you setting the timer
dude I'm setting the timer we'll see how
quick the cops get here
you really think okay oh yeah I said 30
minutes we'll check the clock later but
30 minutes we get a helicopter yep oh my
god oh yeah I start to get nervous we
don't get oh my god look look at this
that just blew off that tree
holy ketchup pick it up tell me how much
it weighs doesn't weigh a lot Jesus
Christ no dude
are you kidding me you know you just
blew your whole back windshield uh-huh
and the front I'm kidding oh my god what
what hit it
dude there was stuff going everywhere
we're looking to buy all the glass out
here I'm gonna get like a shot bag or
something he's shot back my log who
actually you're my witness who actually
said why don't you just move the bandits
wait I thought I asked somebody to move
the van didn't I ask then I say go ahead
and move it the tree one humans zero yo
look at this thing's hurtin though
alright guys so I've been giving this a
little thought I don't know if tree
removal is actually for me I've seen
other companies remove trees and it was
actually completely opposite of how I
did so I'm not sure that I'm gonna
pursue this career but uh I definitely
had fun trying man hope you're having an
awesome day guys I'm gonna head home and
hang out with Britain Kane see what
they're getting into probably probably
relaxing man
Brad's been actually getting nauseous at
night and the mornings and does just
really starting to hit her that she's
having a baby man when you find out
you're having a baby
you know about it but it doesn't really
hit you yet like it takes time to
realize I'm in a baby I am bringing a
human onto this planet man it's crazy
man it really starts to hit you so
I love you guys man thanks for being
here had a fun time day is burning it
gets dark so early it's 5 o'clock 5
o'clock Suns already going down and I'm
going home so yeah I'm either gonna look
back at these videos 10 20 years from
now and be like man I did a lot of dumb
things or I'm gonna look back and be
like man I did a lot of things like I
can't I can't figure out my mind right
now how I'm gonna imagine watching these
vlogs in the future like for me right
now I'm like I'm just I'm just living
life like I'm doing things and I'm I
guess I could sit back not do any of
this stuff and you know probably be more
bored I'm a nancy guy like I like to
move around like to do things I if I sit
still for long I I start freaking out a
little bit I actually don't even know
what I'm talking about right now
I'm pulling in the same time my
brother's pulling in oh my gosh can't
even see in the building are these it
yeah is it comfortable oh it's really
comfortable it's really soft oh it is
soft almost feels like a feel that it's
like really you know I thought it would
actually oh those are whoa I like that
way more than what these are cool did
you do that purple just for just what
are you driving a car came home to a big
pot of boiling homemade chili from
Brittany did you get the door handle
upstairs and stove down
the handyman dude check it out
pit stains that's my shirt that is the
greatest thing I've ever seen oh my god
somebody is a GU that is amazing I've
been saving this shirt for weeks to pull
this it's got a fake sweat stain it's
got the chest sweat stain
Oh in the pits is that what you said
yeah that is so funny
does they have a butt crack in the back
no I know you do that's no Dale's here
baby I'm here it's here there's enough
there's another man here it's not I
brought it lies just kidding it's yours
the battery's dead look
that's how you know because I use it I
work how plush get up here flash flash
Montreat boy Oh give him the deer
antlers he likes it give him the doggy
body likes them okay so Bret's been
trying to put this hand on here but this
doesn't line up with this and the hole
needs to come down man this is just easy
stuff I gotta do it like if you want me
to do it so our ball pit rooms turning
like this arts and crafts crazy room
dude imagine if the dog gets in here
Roman literal just full of glitter eight
inches of glitter we should only be like
two three semi-truck oh it comes with
like it comes with this thing that goes
over this so you get the perfect like
science that sounds like a doctor right
here is a whole technical terms and
things like that I can do it I can do
the door handle I can't I can't
understand maybe I just don't want to
show up my brother like I want him to
have this Brittany just made me the
biggest bowl this thing weighs 10 pounds
so she blends all these fruits up and
then she pours granola and all these
fruits on top of it and coconut shavings
you know I love coconut alright guys
thanks for hanging out with us today
it's actually current day I didn't vlog
last night I didn't we ended up hanging
out playing some games and just uh just
doing the family stuff and dog was
awesome
flash she's tall what's up baby what's
up I see you thank you so much for being
here thank you for once again bellowing
past ten million subscribers I'm still
like I look at the number I'm like wait
did that really really happen like it
really doesn't feel like it's it's it's
happened thank you for everything keep
moving forward push through all the
negative problems you're dealing with I
know we all have so many the positive
always outweighs that think positive be
have you put a smile on your face I love
you at your beautiful smile
you
