welcome welcome welcome
is it welcome why does it sound so weird
right now welcome well welcome to the
vlog guys hope you're having a wonderful
day why am I going through all these
tunnels right now I have my dad
somewhere back here where the heck is he
my dad is literally supposed to be
following me in his Corvette like he
should be ahead of me right now where is
what I got a really cool day lined out
mainly just because I get to spend it
with my dad my dad and I have today
together and that's it's not a crazy
rare but it is more rare because we're
both really busy with our careers and
the things that we do so it's just gonna
be amazing to get time with my dad today
one on one and I have something just
amazing for him and that's actually in
the bed of the truck right now it's not
gonna be quiet for long man this thing's
gonna be Rumble in I'd be awesome I love
the one on you GT that Brian you guys
might recognize this place these are the
guys pickup for scars did my GTR exhaust
and I have exhaust from my dad's
Corvette today
just too darn quiet man army tricks hook
in the Corvette up this is the same
company that did my GTR and a lot like
my GTR they just come to quiet my dad
wanted some rumble in the jungle and I
think you're gonna get it
brought the cameraman thanks for hooking
us up again letting us come in here we
love your shot man
how long do you work on cars before
you're comfortable just walking under
this thing I see you just go right under
it I'm like whoa how's that man that
looks pretty that looks like it's from
outer space out with the old in with the
new check out this this exhaust is
awesome because it's got on and off
switches so when mom don't want it all
loud you can kick it off is that a
bracelet yeah you want armor as a belt
buckle environment tricks are mitrik be
exciting you know what don't you tell
mom yeah that one that might get me
that's gonna be that's gonna be law and
it's gonna sound good and beep will let
your uh get that vehicle out all right
all right all right we have a decibel
reader you guys have a decibel reader I
gotta win something oh yeah you're
probably right
look how beautiful this Mach 1 is and
whoo brand-new motor to put in that
thing so eyes are getting started he's
showing us some of the toys he has just
finished this is a thousand horsepower
Mustang dude
Wow you're blowing that you're blowing
the ceiling haunted but your stuff
falling off the ceiling remember that
sound remember that sound just like that
very nice
so you've had the car for the August
September October November it Wow
already a couple what do you think of it
I guess you've had time what do you
think of the car well this is this is
what it really is you ever seen the Hulk
I have any destroys everything he wakes
up naked the next day and he's talking
to his girlfriend
and he says it's like you know where she
thought it would probably be miserable
and terrible but it's not a car feels
she loved it
yes it's unbelievable I actually never
owned anything fast in my life
yeah after you drive it awhile you get
it it's like you can get around people
yeah everyone's good now it's a pretty
big contrast from me installing a toilet
last night he went from installing
toilet last night to installing new
exhaust yeah you guys are killing it
yeah now YouTube how to install the
toilet i go to i go to youtube forever
you guys probably do too whenever you
have a problem you youtube it but i
could learn everything from that a lot
of plumbers getting their Corvette the
next day right laughs yeah I know
I barely build it today now I did not
YouTube how to do this sir I probably
would have done this forum no way
no this is way above our league
currently this guy just so you know if I
would have personally bought this car it
wouldn't mean half as much and since you
bought it for me I thought that you know
since you bought it for me I'd just
you wait yeah you don't pay for that
stroke I know I get it I get that and
and maybe I've been a little less than
careful if I did if you bought it yeah
you'd probably be a little more but no I
really like I like taking care of it you
know I I don't like it all covered in
dirt making any pride in a car ever as
you know now I know I get it out when I
got serious things to do we usually go
to your house all right I'm gonna have a
confession that it's not a church you
haven't driven it there's nothing humble
about driving that car to church oh it's
a gift from your son I think it's okay
to drive to church I like your show boat
let's check out my bet I'm gonna have to
ask
I think you're in perfect
I think it's perfectly okay rolling it
together listen listen so you're
struggling you're in church and some
titles in internet debt how do you feel
I mean you're not like rubbing it into
guys hey no I know I get it I get it you
want it yeah I get it I get it yeah
maybe now some people live for that
feeling and you don't were not like that
but some people do live like the guy who
crashes on the way here at pickups plus
all right she's coming down you ready to
hear done set it up ready does agree to
breathe we're gonna take these off put
some coffee cans on there sweet Folgers
yeah some clothes pins and cards on the
spokes
dang
how much say this right now is louder
yeah it's loud buddy garage it's echoey
now it's louder than mine dude it's
gotta be yeah yeah mine's got a
different sound doesn't matter until I
win I win right that's what you made me
do on the track that's true that's right
we got to take this beast around the
around the block right I'll follow you
little nervous homey all right guys so
we have pretty much eaten our day it is
starting to get dark we're gonna run the
event across the street and just hear
this thing because from inside it sounds
pretty incredible it is so fun and it's
such an honor to be able to do very cool
things for my dad he's always done as
much as possible for me even when he was
flat broke he would do as much as he
could for me to have fun and and is just
to be able to do cool things now is just
it's so rewarding to me so I hope he
really likes this exhaust and of course
he loves the car so
Wow it's me machine ironically the
sounds in the rear yeah it's loud
rolling it's loud in here honestly then
sound that different than the last one
so it's all outside it's loud alright
man Carl thanks for having us again and
installing our stuff
pickups applause you guys have anything
you need done they do it they do raps
that we actually been talking about
rapping the GTR and something funky I
don't know I know we should what color
would we do the GTR we're gonna do this
one in like rust just a big metallic
gold to match you good dude
by the way your lights are amazing he's
got lights under here
because these tumblers
alright brother
gotta go for the police gear see man
haha ok so now our goal is ridiculous
goal we're gonna go see whose car is
louder I personally well I don't know
cuz I'm always in my car never behind my
car but I feel like my dad's is louder
plus he's got the v8 which just comes
out like a more roar mine's a totally
different sound my car is friggin loud
like loud it sounds like I don't even
know so we're gonna we're gonna somehow
I'm sure it'll just blow the camera you
guys won't even be able to tell but
we're gonna go try to see whose car is
louder I'm also gonna give a huge shout
out to Ari tricks they have they have
just hooked us up so much they sent that
exhaust to us they just sent it to us we
did not pay for the exhaust and they
haven't asked for a shoutout
but I'm giving them one thank you to
armytrix you guys are amazing over there
check out their stuff I'll put their
link in the description and great
company and they've treated us amazing
even from back when I got my car so
thanks guys baby hi baby
baby's in the house
you guys having a good night today we
did a project we like you painted leaves
why do you wanna go get him the paper
show me show me cuz some lights on in
this joint huh oh yeah wait so how did
you do this you late y'all you lay the
leaf down and yet huh you a belief under
it and then ok guys so my dad is not
going to make it over we're not gonna do
the decibel test tonight kind of bum but
it'll be fun to do later and I have to
be honest I don't even know if it'll
actually work I don't know how we would
test somebody said there's actually an
app on the phone we could try I don't
know that all being said we haven't done
a livestream for a couple weeks and I
try to do one every week this Saturday
at 3 p.m. Eastern time we're gonna do
something
really fun that I've wanted to do for a
long time and that is tug of war now
this doesn't sound that exciting but
we're gonna do you know what we're gonna
do I told you they're just playing video
games look at them do you want super
slow
help yourself flash okay don't take
Minnesota monkey we are doing humans
versed smart car if you've ever seen a
smart car it's the small car my dad has
had one forever and we've talked about
how many humans people it would take to
tug O'War versus smart car so how many
people will it take to hold a smart car
back sounds kind of crazy because it's
gonna be hilarious and I know it'll
probably be surprising like I bet it has
more strength than we think it does so
this Saturday 3 p.m. East Coast time you
guys know that I partnered up with live
got me to do fun live streams and I have
missed something you guys have
definitely let me know you like the live
stream so we're gonna continue this
Saturday I'll put the link in the top of
the description for where you can watch
it really a hangout and I don't even
think of it as a live stream I think of
it as a raw vlog like just a uncut vlog
so that is it and I don't think I'm
gonna vlog it this time because I'm
always distracted from one of the other
so I think you're only gonna be able to
see it on the live stream I love you
guys I'll put the link in the
description
hit it let's have some fun hang out
Saturday and we're gonna call it a day
yeah we love you guys thank you so much
for hanging out today I had a great day
with my dad and you know a lot of
off-camera time with him but it was just
great and um I don't have to explain you
guys now I love you you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile
you
