got you something I'm so excited guys
your night
Oh
ha ha ha it's d9g Roman I love you so
much and I know we've been together
almost eight years now we both know we
want to fit forever together like we
want to be with each other forever as
long as as long as we're both the lives
living on the earth I want to be with
you
welcome to the vlog guys and happy 8th
year anniversary hey what is that for
all to blow my nose cuz I said guys it
is Brittany and i's 8th year anniversary
and before we go we're gonna go out for
a little bit we're going to actually I'm
gonna do something cane real quick yeah
ok we are gonna do everything downstairs
forever I have it this is like the
corner of the basement we never touch
this is an original bag from my ball pit
prank back when I did the ball pit I
filled my house with these plastic balls
this is an original bag
did you just set up your camera King
you're so cute I gave Kane his own vlog
camera today and he has been running
around with it very cool dude I love it
are you doing better than I did
oh come on dude oh oh you got it you got
it let's do it
all right are you gonna get in you
should hop in you getting your vlog
camera out alright you ready I'm gonna
dump him and you think oh my gosh he is
literally one
one way to tell if your trampoline is
level they're all on one side to hit
your head
okay so although we're getting late late
start to this little anniversary you
ready let's do it we'll be right back we
gotta get our hair cut so guys it is our
eighth year anniversary eight years
together this girl and I have when we've
been through a lot it's been through
it's been quite the journey it has been
you've been here for a lot of it but
there's been a ton of it day that
doesn't exist on the vlogs
we've only been plugged in three years
we've been together eight we didn't have
YouTube
we weren't youtubers I didn't have a
YouTube channel when we met from where
we were when we met to where we are now
has been just teamwork it has been just
endless amounts of support from each
other it has been incredible and I'm
blessed to have you fights and breakups
and break up because one time for what
two days
two and a half one and a half I wanted
to I wanted to let you guys in on some
things that we've never told them was
that is one of them we actually broke up
once oh you did you moved up for one a
day and a half for like two days
oh I saw my bedroom at my mom we went
been dating that long we didn't have
sushi yet we didn't have this it's a
relationship like you act and we don't
think that we don't have normal life
things that everybody has like yeah we
have a great life that we have worked
hard to create and work on every day
it's still everyday work but at the end
of the day it's that we're still a
normal couple like we still have this
same like we bicker we we pick on each
other it's still like that but for the
most part I feel so lucky to have what
we have together like we're a team we're
like we're like a power couple that's
what people power couple you're so
excited to get this eight years over
with is speeding oh I feel like worth
the wrong restaurant to be having an
anniversary because this is not where we
had it doesn't matter
you want this let's eat this they have
better steak anyway our first date was
that Applebee's you guys already know
let's not make this about us it's our
eighth year anniversary yeah
I've been with her for eight years tell
me I wasn't gonna film you cut your
salad I was gonna explain that I never
cut myself that's all I met Brittany she
she did this and I laughed at her for a
long time about it
I know I'm on your side I am but before
you remember me like making jokes like
you're cutting your salad I'm sure a lot
of you cut yourself a lot of you don't I
now I salad up in fact one time I was
cutting my salad and the fork went like
this and all my salad
mother asked you serious question okay
this is steak not look like the United
States of America I would normally just
tan on my sleeve oh yeah
no one else would have saw that but do
you not see it in my free design shape
that something about here is shaping
stays tell me be honest this mistake not
resemble the United States of America
they brought us out a little anniversary
ice creams a nice surprise right here
and that's yeah that's it well was it
crazy but it was a nice thing it was it
was actually really really good dinner
we got to go steak for Cain he wants
steak he loves steak and as long as you
have any one sausage thank you exactly
like you in fact when you asked him if
you want steak he asked if we have a one
and when you said yes he was like lots
of steak plus you bargain you're not the
Barker of the house it smells so good in
here what is this who made all these
cupcakes oh it's just happy ate mommy
and daddy where's my kid hey uh laundry
you didn't get in here look at this mess
well I don't see anything I'm just gonna
go out here
daddy looking from you you made us just
cupcakes dude you were the best you pour
yourself some Oreo oh my dude you want
some you want some steak with that a1 so
this could be our shortest vlog of the
last month maybe it's gonna be short
guys we are gonna wrap it up any advice
you want to give out there to anybody
trying to keep somebody they love it's
work it's not that bad if you have to
you want my advice you have to keep
trying for the other person you can't
stop what you did in the beginning
here's my advice this may sting a little
bit for some people but we're all crazy
we're all a little crazy and I'm just
gonna say if you think that you're gonna
get someone with somebody that's less
crazy then you're crazy
find the crazy that you love and stick
with it that's that's my advice I'm just
saying that we're all a little crazy one
more piece of advice I'm no expert
you're not an expert oh yeah just a
little friendly advice never in a
relationship don't ever don't ever say
to splitting up is an option now you're
not allowed to say it like you're not
allowed to say well what if I break up
that's you're not allowed to say that
just pretend it's not existent that's
not an option dad all being said it is
we're gonna wrap up our night it's gonna
be a short blog for you thank you for
we're actually gonna hang out watch a
little movie together a little
off-camera time come up with Keener's
and just just chillax
chillax yo tell me in the comments today
what is your longest relationship leave
me a year a month you know what's your
longest really a lot of you are young so
I don't expect everyone to be insane so
we were married some of you've been
together forever for us is our longest
right here I mean we need to get
but fight for each other guys we have to
work together if you love the person
fight for them do it do it do what they
want a little bit you got to bend over
you did they won
you got to both bend a little bit so I
don't know why we've turned this into
relationship counseling but we love you
guys thank you for everything here's to
the next you know at least eight to ten
hundred years see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile mwah this is the trust game okay
you're gonna feed me I'm gonna feed you
okay
this is the trust game you treat me this
one's a red eye thing on itself oh you
know I don't want the red I think I'll
see you know I like to taste the red
icing you should know I don't trust you
to be me
really I trust you hundred percent I
know you would never do anything but
just feed me that cupcake okay at the
same time we're gonna feed each other my
back it's still salvageable
it came Oh
we trust each other
