welcome to our first vlog as a married
couple Lily's been a while
welcome welcome to our video today we
are we're doing something hopefully it
all comes through I wasn't gonna vlog
unless it happened and so far it is
happening I wouldn't do some a little
fun today like I wanted to come back a
little kind of fun also huge family
video but that little spice of fun in
there so that's what we're doing
hopefully it all goes through and feel
like an idiot if halfway through it just
doesn't happen and we're gonna continue
this video we need a good piece of rope
there's only one place to go that's my
brother's Factory and he's gonna suck
into the fun stuff how are you how are
you alive oh my gosh why you keep
calling your car because it's super
mister I've ordered something I don't
get it for another I've been waiting
what three months three months yeah
ordered it ordered a new car Britney
stealing this one sounds weird to say
anyway love you guys thank you so much
for the support on the wedding vlog it
was 91 minutes long as our third movie
technically and it was just so fun to
release those memories out to everybody
and to see how many of you supported it
and just showed so much love to her
family yeah
feel like I got a chat a lot cuz we did
spit up it's been a week since we
uploaded and that was a week that was a
movie so it wasn't the same hope you're
having a fantastic let's have some fun
today join us as a family
I always make these so you guys watch
with your family as well get the kids
get the parents get your brother sister
whoever you've got in the house sit down
watch together and let's have a perfect
we need the perfect rope my brother is
the guy for that he's gonna show us
exactly what kind of rope do you need
for this you know what I mean boat or
maybe I don't know
horse rope I don't know alright this is
the good stuff this is it oh my god this
is this is like how much do you think
our way well we want to be safe you know
we want to be safe how you guys feeling
after Hawaii I'm in peeling like a
lizard look how many different shades my
arm as easily all right so we came for
the best roads really strength you want
the thickness to grab on to the truth
you're just grabbing right you know you
have a handle or anything I like to
handle on and you know this is really
supple so you can tie a knot some puppy
to the crane yes crane yeah what you
don't want to sit yeah that's true I
don't know we'll figure this out when
are you doing this tit right now so
you'll still have it by time I'm off
work here yes this is not suitable for
swinging past 200 mile an hour yeah
that's a good point hanging it's on the
warning label okay and then we'll use
this to pull the rope back up
did you see your son rocking ha sorry
Sam look at that small more at the pride
all the Dales many inventions dude how
are these doing PR DS genius the clears
genius do really good submit the minis
in it the mini yeah the mini-sub Mary
Winnie it's really versatile what would
you call this like what would you call
it
why wait your your viewers haven't even
seen this portable yours have their
their portable rope dispensers yeah
they wrote their court dispensers think
of it as like a tape dispenser but for
rope and cordage and it has a built-in
cutting button you take off whatever you
need boom thumb if you're in the garden
you're Italian or tomato plants up will
that out commenting hi hat being on that
I'll be in there handing he's on sales
pitch to make an advertised yeah right
alright I'm taking the rope come over
after work come on we see you will be
sweet mission accomplished did I get the
best dad in the world
okay next stop going home hopefully Kors
wick she was asleep when we left any
kids out this is a fun day you know I'm
just a little hair worried that the
swings gonna be too big for some of the
kids I can I go too big I need up what
if there's like a we'll figure it out
I'll just figure it out let's have some
fun easy baby
what's going on I leave my house for one
minute
oh my god okay so they have the winch
they have the winch hooked up over here
oh my gosh she's gonna eat it so hard
he's he's gonna eat it so hard oh look
see if our little girls up what's up
guys you're not getting any bad ideas
are you hey yeah you see Oh what are
they doing is that a is that a crane
what's going on with you spooky huh what
you're gonna land it well let's see it
first try he's been working on his front
flips really hard so close so in about
three days he comes out every day
practices many many times he sets that's
like three days ago he wasn't even doing
that so I'm really proud and he's gonna
get that front flip we're trying to
build a rope swing but we're distracted
already nice and easy brother
you need to put your mullet on that's
chief chase can do this more speed
more speed
okay we're gonna make this happen we are
also building a pad out here it's in the
works for our thing we're gonna put a
grill out here and some furniture and
you know make the place a little nice
dirt and water mix crazy got our pool
winch out this thing is a blast we had
that Jamie brought that one to Hawaii it
was a beast it's like three times this
one and it was so fast
ours is probably half that speed I mean
you guys know how fast this chase was
like barely moving its way fast yeah yo
dude this time you gotta yank him you
know jerky but like get him gone he's
trying to he's trying to listen just
start slowing and then full throttle all
right here comes the crane dude
apparently this is this is a huge 75
foot arm on this thing look at that
what and by the way we're never gonna
have grass ever yeah apparently the arm
on this thing goes 75 feet in the air
which is way more than we need the
distance from the tower to the water is
only like 20 feet so you can only go I
don't know how that works but it's gonna
be fun no matter what
I'm not a big flipper but I'm gonna try
some flips belly smackers put on a show
for you guys yes yes yes and yes good
idea today just a good idea 99 percent
of injuries on rope swings up from
lacerations no joke get your foot cut by
standing on this not like this never
stand on a rope swing dude you always
hang because this get tangled up this
goes through here rope swings back
you're gonna have a really bad day I'm
professional rope swing I know
everything about ropes please ask me any
questions so the idea now is there we
tie a little rope up above so that each
time you go you can just pull the rope
back up here now that's kind of tricky I
think we just put tons of slack in this
rope and put it off to the side so it's
not in your face like literally it'll be
down in the water are you gonna swing
into it it's gonna be trial and error we
have to try it if it doesn't work we
tried a different way and I gotta live
from up here you're gonna swing dude
we're going out yeah dude that that's
feeling like a sand it's so hard yeah
that's probably good want me to do a
test jump
it looks so sketchy your mo it's never
been lost it's good
she's a floater just hold on tight dude
he's ready I'm ready first test Oh you
smack for a test I think it went really
well I'm gonna go this time I want to do
it
okay straight up I've never done a flip
off a rope successfully so far nobody
has it's harder than it looks
if you see videos dudes doing flips it's
hard like I didn't know is that hard
Julian I can't even do it
you don't even made it to the end of the
rope yet this is you right now you got
this it doesn't just happen almost
better chance of pulling flip off this
rail
okay we nailed the flip I'm gonna
attempt to drop down hit the surfboard
and surf across a pond
all right so it's been a couple hours
we've just been playing we can't get off
in this thing in a storm just rolls in
as my parents get here my dad my brother
and literally roll in against the swings
and before the storm hits like the worst
timing ever there's the rain you know
your great-great grandfather died from a
lightning strike at 58 I serious oh my
god this joker emo and bronzed grass
this weekend fly and Beaver Dam
that's like flipping a rhino
you leave it I'm have it oh well your
lifeguard whistle I love you Brittany's
going to my cousin's baby shower so have
fun taking my mom is my mom I'll see
when I get back movie night oh it's
raining oh it sucks everybody well
they've all got to do it a bunch but
she's the stones lab twist their juice
would attack that thing what is that
sweetie
what is this I don't know it's starting
to rain it's starting to rain you got to
go to the garage there you go it's only
gonna get worse you take care of my baby
you take care of that one too we had a
poke hit a loophole Wow
what timing unreal Wow I love you more
always it's like my thing I feel like
I'm a meteorologist half the time I take
a shower I get cleaned up and boom
literally I throw hot dogs on for the
fam the kids and his sons back out we
already packed the crane up I'm glad we
had fun out here though it was so much
fun now the kick okay where's your swim
trunks bud oh you don't need Oh turns
out you don't even need swim trunks to
swim yeah I'm glad I bought them you
like daddy's hot dogs
do you like daddy's hot dogs yeah
and I made them right for you unless
they got cheese in them she likes some
yeah all right I know hot dog hot dog
it's me my dad both looks like maybe for
like second no dude she said you better
get more on my plate where are they
where are they
aunt Bea's caught him as fast as she can
tell them we love hot dogs and you said
well let me but you swears by buttering
the bun first you put butter on your bun
we don't Bahama Mama's though big dogs
big dogs big dogs chase you ever
buttered your bun before you're out done
no but I used to cook like America with
Miracle Whip well I never that one
that's too far I know true momma's is a
sauce okay so you put Miracle Whip in it
yeah okay so you buttered it do you want
onions on it no I'm going on going
all-in
Oh get your own hot dog shot pop Oh pop
dog shop hot dog hot dog pop pop noise
Oh kick okay yeah all right guys it is
uh it's with the new a family movie
night the girls just we just did a
little work we all have eat if I was
gonna brush my teeth on Cameron bands
like you guys who only think I brush my
teeth for cameras so I'm gonna be the
other but we're doing a big family movie
night my mom and dad everybody's here
and now we're gonna get that started so
I guess I could have just showed you
that I'm a newbie first day on the job
we ready we is that the smaller it's
awesome the other down no no we have a
bigger one yeah getting ready for a
movie trying to get most variable
working time watch a movie I literally
can't get this thing to work and it's
the fence I'm terrible with stuff
this has been like one of the most
scatterbrain vlogs you know it's always
when I like come back after a long table
yeah just what we did movie night last
night with the family and and it was
like it was like midnight when the
movies over watch ready player one
unbelievable movie I love that movie and
my parents haven't seen it yet so we
watched that with them it was awesome I
loved it I loved it up anyway in
yesterday's walk yesterday yesterday's
video today's video I kind of talked
about some of the things they'll Mae
Dale's always made our party cups here a
smile more store but no he made the
Jumbo smile more party cups so now he
has created these brand new jumbo smile
markup so that's something new to the
store they're friggin awesome and they
come in a four pack just like that and
also for the end of loggers we're
running another what is it August 20
August 20 how long is it go for we're
doing for the four til the weekend right
it's something like that smile more baby
what a whole week that's a long time
okay till Sunday
till suddenly guys top a link everything
smile more 20% off we did this laughing
can't even talk today we we did this
last month 20% off it was a huge hit you
guys loved it and you were able to get
some of the things that you probably
wouldn't get like the blankets the the
more high-end stuff you guys ordered
it's gonna do it again right now for the
month of August twenty percent off
everything at smile Moore's new cups any
angry everything everything we make
smile more is twenty percent off top
link other description check it out
maybe there's something on there you
want to get as a gift for somebody cheer
somebody up motivate people and spread
the message of smile one telling you
this product is the only thing that I
wear in public even if people don't know
me that's like you know I love you sure
that's an awesome shirt where'd you get
that hat it is weird just product that
people love and just love when you guys
rock it Matt's
twenty percent off for you for August
and yeah Britney's making it right now
so they just put that code in when they
place their order
it'll discount code you put in August
twenty gets one yourself everything
that's awesome okay with that being said
we did want to do the sale at the end of
the vlog for our real viewers because
you're the only ones that
to the end of the vlog so it's really
for you guys we will see you soon we're
gonna try to do another vlog right after
this one and the Brittany and I go on
our honeymoon so that could be very
interesting we love you guys thank you
for hope you like the swing we're
bringing that baby back we gotta bring
that back it did not get enough time or
ideas with it was spur-of-the-moment it
literally happened for the moment so we
love ya you beautiful I mean you're
beautiful I got to tell them personally
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
