welcome to the vlog guys we uh I don't
actually know how to explain this how do
I say it
I don't so we got a gift from a couple
friends for hitting 10 million
subscribers and we actually can't accept
the gift yet so we're getting things
prepared to get the gift and this is
really complicated I'm trying so
Brittany is actually gonna take you
along today on a little journey of our
new gift thanks everybody give briston
love she's gonna take the camera for a
little while today yes she's gonna vlog
it out she's gonna do great I know
everybody loves you so well yeah how
about it enjoy it thanks honey do you
know what this gift entails a lot of
work a lot of where there's gonna be
some pushing and shoving right now
what's up donkey I can't even believe my
eyes
so the first step is going to the vet
you got to get vaccines and all that
good really you can't just be a wild
donkey grazing on the land with other
donkeys so for him not to get the other
donkey sick you and make sure he's
healthy how do you get donkey into the
trailer that's gonna be rough I was like
well you can go to the barn where
reporter other horse and he's like well
it wouldn't take long for us to like
build a little runnin or something for
you to get my help that I wanna dunk
I've wanted a donkey free ever so no to
keep it since I saw Shrek now we just
need a big ogre if we keep him can we at
least have one or two verses to go wrong
one or two or horses a whole nother
world that's like a really you're
editing yesterday's blog yeah okay I
love you yeah you're the best I'm gonna
go take care of our new baby
hey we just got to the bat up that's not
the right door we just got to the vet oh
you turned around on me huh he's really
sweet yeah and that's one thing else
he's in the shots really is this the
best donkey you've ever had that said
everything looks good he looks healthy
game of shots vaccines and we are off to
the barn we are gonna make a quick pit
stop and get some like new brushes stuff
to give him a bath he really needs a
bath he's dirty boy uh yeah so let's go
get him some new stuff yeah these are
for horses what maybe a little big for
him maybe really small I'm not sure and
I know I don't know if I should get an
actual new lead rope I think Dale might
kill me so I know he does a lot of the
horse ropes too these might be too big
oh how about one of these hey can I get
one of these I am a cowgirl okay this is
sighs see does it work like brawls I
mean that looks small is it see small
yeah oh wait it's a colt hundred pounds
let's get him some we're gonna give him
some treats oh and we go over he comes
to us and loves us do you think rubbing
her like these he's such a fan of camel
I'm being so sarcastic right not
realtree camo just regular camera ones
fine I had these sweatpants with me up
together they're sorry they were kind of
like this but they were really big and
baggy and one day they just disappeared
he threw him away he threw them away
a hundred percent he hated them they
were the most comfortable thing I had
I'm missing I'm gonna see if I can find
a new pair you other farm animals
so it's too cold for a bath right I
personally think so like warm water
would be fine but then we gotta mix
reason cooler and keep him inside wait
for him to dry order for him like gonna
blanket and we got a measuring all he
cares about is eating this grass he's so
calm her doc donkeys usually have the
reputation of not being calm yeah so he
has a good personality so hopefully he
stays like that it's really hard all
there's rocks in there cowgirl 101 it's
really packed in there they're like
there's some underneath okay so we're
trying to move the donkey to where he's
gonna be staying for now and we're
having a hard time moving him he does
not
to stay and eat grass yeah the blue
looks nice on him so you definitely need
some training especially if the kids
want to haul him around and stuff
Brittany what where'd your donkey just
takes off I I almost like he almost had
me dragging I had to let go of him so we
finally got the donkey in his little
area he's only gonna be here maybe a
month until we can get something put up
at our house to where we can bring him a
home but should be amazing he'll get hay
and some grain that's what he's used to
wait you think baby I did have to give
him some i some I ain't meant for his is
they get like clogged ducts kind of like
almost like probably a person sinus
infection my baby Tess is gonna take
good care of you mommy's gonna get you a
home okay mommy will come back and pick
you up I promise
obviously I'm gonna be back here to
visit him really soon um probably
tomorrow
and I guess just work on talking to
Roman about what what you want to get it
our house for him but he's gonna be an
awesome care they have a huge farm they
already have two donkeys here so they're
used to taking care of donkeys he's
gonna be loved and everything so well
same thing so yeah we're just gonna go
home let's go home and see what Roman
and the kids are doing and we're gonna
have to come back and see donkey
tomorrow I think so I got home came
isn't feeling very good oh look at the
little cottage
oh my flashy are you guys cuddle buddies
are you guys all that is so cute oh I
have a weird feeling that flash is mad
at me because I got this donkey he's
been just like straight ignoring me and
usually if you like follows me around
all day like doesn't leave my side and
he just didn't just like look at him
he's like I have my new but that's
friend now King why don't you just fall
asleep right there the Romans they're
gonna help me shampoo the carpet
upstairs because flash out a few little
too many accidents up there so we're
gonna shampoo the carpet it's a real
life guys you gotta keep your carpet
clean I see a couple stains down here
who might the spotclean are you gonna
help us Oh big no from Kane if you guys
were wondering we did do the invisible
fence for flash and it's amazing
literally change this dog's entire life
any time I would let him out he would
try and jump a fence go anywhere and now
he just stays right in our yard and is
an amazing dog he's like yeah you're
talking about me like what is she doing
nice socks
the upstairs isn't as bad as it usually
is if he hasn't seen it before it's
usually way worse than this our guest
bedroom is a little trashed right now it
was because the last time we shampooed
the carpets we put everything in there
so this carpet was just clean not that
long ago it's not as bad now yeah it's
bad flash came up here
got this shampooer just supposed to be
one of the really good ones and we're
gonna try and get the stupid stain out
of the carpet this carpet upstairs is
still pretty new I would say carpet in
the living room could be replaced but
don't clean it and make it work and this
is what moms do on their free time
this was my softball a scrapbook page oh
yeah I've been number two looking now ah
oh my gosh I don't know if you guys have
seen these before this was like one of
romanized first pictures together is
this one there's a little knowing
background Romans long hair that was on
that first vacation we all went on
together there's a young age he's
getting gray on us and this was the
month I was due my belly Noah Holden
Caine's little shirt an old picture baby
Zeus oh there's my nephews and no
holding Kane oh oh that's Cain's first
time with Santa look at his little shoes
this is really making me like want my
pregnancy to go faster oh I hate seeing
baby pictures
it's grow up so fast oh look who that is
with his big fish he literally he
literally doesn't even look any older
this is me as a little baby and my
sister and my mom and my dad
oh are you Cain's a little protector
today huh you haven't left his side
you've been a good boy flashing you've
been a good boy lately huh oh that's a
good boy now this picture Zeus today and
he didn't have any gray hair no I bet
there's pictures of me like that too
okay guys I think this is the longest
I've ever not been in my own vlog today
how'd you do how's the donkey I don't
know I haven't seen the footage yet it's
weird because I'll actually edit this
vlog so by the time we're at this point
of editing I will have seen it but as of
now I have not
donkeys good donkeys it's a crazy story
but two guys got us a donkey and now you
know he's at the barn we're gonna try to
build a little something have our own
donkey that donkey here and they named
him Empire and they said that way it
would be Romans Empire
I've anyone's daddy Tuco do you want
daddy to cuddle so guys that is the vlog
today huge huge shout out to this crazy
little girl it'd be nice little switch
up let's switch things aren't with this
thing every day maybe you guys would
enjoy a little more a little more brick
ham time yeah I got a lot done - it had
to be done guys
working on so many awesome things just
to keep this channel rolling so smoothly
and big number one priority is always
family and positivity and then we like
to mix up the big activity so we're
working on a lot of that stuff for you
guys today and that's a lot of what I
was doing today and you know how I am
always do a lot behind the scenes and
then just one day it happens and you're
like what so yeah thank you
shout out the breath um ZUP for this
girl and we will see you guys tomorrow
for our eighth year anniversary eight
years you've been stuck with me maybe it
knows 80s I don't think we'll make it
we love you guys thanks for sticking
around we will see it tomorrow
you were beautiful you were one of a
kind smile more
you
