well look at you guys just wishing you
could come out and eat my drone huh
welcome to the hole it is absolutely
beautiful it is officially fall the
Leafs of almost all fallen they're
beautiful they're orange what's up
what's up what up dude what do we got
going on here
well ranked 26-foot call duty you know
that's as high as you can go you can I
think it's with you finding prestige for
secrecy's I always wish you could just
count and go forever like the number
should never end gain hope you are
having an awesome day we're just getting
our started these dogs man I don't know
they play all day and fight all day they
chase balls all day
they eat poop and sleep all at the same
time what is it it's much more where
that came from oh my gosh dude I'll be
back let me sleep at Gil's absolutely
weird and beautiful day it's kind of
like a weird mix but it's gorgeous it's
beautiful we are being so lucky with
weather it's supposed to be really cold
and almost snowy right I mean it could
be snowy here but they're going for like
60s all week through next week so we're
gonna eat it up no and I are gonna go
pick up my yellow quad which I'm very
excited but there's so much history
behind this four-wheeler I bought it
when I had no money and then I got in
the hole my brother ended up buying it
off me to help me and then eventually
down the road I ended up getting some
money and I bought it back off my
brother and I took it in to get off big
stuff tuned up and cleaned
has a lot of words dude that's a lot of
words so no we're not going to do that
right now Noah is awesome how far along
are you how much how much money do you
have right now saved up to 19 us not bad
631 more and I owe you what are you
counting the I owe you 20 bucks so Noah
also is trying to say if we have a very
close friend of ours that builds
computers that's what he does he builds
gaming computers he built skitters he is
building Noah custom gaming computer
that will run anything that Noah wants
to play and he's charging him 850
dollars not to me this sounds on the
cheaper end like I don't know what it
costs to book computers but I know if
you go to the store and get a good
gaming computer there are a couple
thousand dollars so Noah's saving up
we've been thinking of just random
things he can do for work working the
smile Moore store you know cleaning the
garage you name it he's been doing it so
we don't have anything today for you if
this crazy dog dude what the heck but
it's pretty awesome it's like a big kids
Power Wheels there I think these are all
used $11,700 start saving dude these are
legit like big kid Power Wheels right
here this is the bigger version of your
kids you know $300 Power Wheels look at
this it's like the it's like the boy
Barbie car right here I think you know
we're cruising around the house and
stuff you're still on the little fifty
this is like look at that pit bike 110
said of one two yeah one two this looks
exactly like the bike I did the backflip
on at Travis's house I'm almost positive
that's the same bike really similar
fits good would you rock that I would
probably ride this more than it did when
you're feeling froggy guess you leap you
know you're feeling froggy asleep
feeling a little antsy feeling like
making a a GAD decision a good bad dad
decision you can't keep up with my
craziness right now be alright so how's
she running now wheels look great
geez
well I came here for my four-wheeler
which is great I'm so happy to get my
four-wheeler back that helmet is sick
dude
absolutely love it it matches your
hoodie no it oh my gosh did you even
notice your hoodie is exactly the same
colors it looks like so I came to get
the quad and we ended up getting the 110
oh man we ready to play but for the
helmet was a hundred and twenty yeah I
wish it was twenty eight so I got the
four hundred back and it looks great I
can't wait to actually get it out and
ride it now literally everybody in my
family has something to ride I'd have
the LTZ 400 or my 150 you'd have the 110
Kane would have his 50 quad and Britney
has the new giant quad I know what that
thing's called simple trip like so sell
your clothes and toys to earn money for
the I think we give the clothes away but
maybe you have something what about I
brought this up I brought this up before
but what about selling your laptop you
have now taking that money and putting
it towards the computer you want I mean
I mean think about are you gonna use the
computer after you've gotten your new
computer is it just gonna sit because I
do this with editing computers I still
have all of them but I don't need any of
them
kind of a weird thing to do because I
needed the money to get the computer but
and then at once I got it I saw it know
who would I sell it - I don't know eat
something I'm just saying like that is a
way to get new things as you sell up
your old stuff we talked with somebody
else it's new it's it's you know we are
bite to eat and we're gonna head home
actually gonna stop by my mom and dad's
house and do something for them and
that's yeah it is so beautiful out so
just got it from my mom's first of all
she made sloppy joe which I love and me
and Noah just ate not sloppy joe
so I'm kind of bummed out that you have
that but she's packed this up and let me
take it home and I want to share
something you as we're trying to do
rouler vlogs and let you guys in on more
of our actual life I want to share
something with you and this is there's a
lot of behind the scenes things that
these vlogs cause almost like little
chaotic moments of our life things that
you would never expect to happen I want
to share with you so it's not uncommon
this has happened so often - so many
times and I'm finally sharing this story
with you um family members or cousins
distant cousins or friends friends that
and again this is like something I never
thought would happen and never I still
can't understand why it would happen but
people that actually know me that go to
school get picked on because the kids
say that they don't actually know me and
it becomes like almost to the point of
like bowling it's like it is such a
severe like these kids are literally
picking on the kid claiming to know me
saying that you don't know it like it's
gotten that out of control this has
happened so many times to so many my
relatives to so many distant friends
kids and it's just to me I can't I
cannot picture why I would be that big
of a deal that you have to pick on
another child because they claim to know
me even if they were lying about it
there's no reason to pick on
person either way my mom has asked me to
sign some stuff and help prove for one
of my cousins that his being picked on
in school and it's just so sad that
people do things like this I just how
could I be the cause of that I'm not
that important not a reason for you to
get picked on so I hope that's not
happening to anybody but it does happen
pretty often in the family and friends
and it's just crazy so I'm gonna help
seal one up tonight and I mean it would
be easy to just figure out the truth
like I don't get it I think kids just
pick on kids but don't pick on kids
don't pick on kids
good advice yeah I go over all kinds of
this stuff with you guys all the time
like you can't you just imagine the
problems you have that you hate and then
look at the person that you're picking
on they have problems that could be even
worse than your problems why are you
talking about them like it's just it
drives me nuts but I guess it's reality
it's human nature we're kind of rough on
everybody and we definitely need to work
as a team we're all just one team we're
all big family on this planet so it
sucks that weird things out like you
can't believe how many things this blog
actually causes just to our life normal
life like it's not even a big deal it's
just weird stuff yeah it's hard on
others it's hard on others sometimes and
for reasons that just aren't necessary
so kids be nice what it does look good
good job on the sweep in the driveway
there boy I'm gonna unload this stuff
actually you know if you had clean in
here
let mafia
hey dudes what's up hey I see you I see
you I see ya hey guys what you told me
to see ya you like it nice that it's
sweet
well I have to retire wheat wire I have
to retire one of my favorite vlog
cameras I just dropped it maybe I can
fix it it's not broke but look you push
the battery in and just shoots back out
I mean I'm sure I could get something to
hold it really just dropped it outside
and the battery flew out and yeah I
think this is even my broken one I have
another one that I use all the time the
screens all cracked broke my camera cane
pretty lively house right now let me
show you what's going on first of all
you got these two we're watching home
alone great movie but hair early usually
watch this right around Christmastime
you want so much your plan show em show
em show em Keane is playing Robinson
what is it the Robinson journey Robinson
the journey it's a br game and it's
pretty crazy we're hanging out pretty
lazy night I don't even have to ask you
if you're tired or not crazy
are you talking to your pet dinosaur let
me see him so this is your pet in the
game you run around and he follows you
and helps you and duty so awesome ready
first try ready first try oh okay so you
know what to do Oh what okay three in a
row let me try one I know I don't
just right oh you got competition but if
we got a challenge going right now you
will try it
whoa okay
Cain it's just a little flip okay it's
just a little flip oh boy Oh put three
bottles oh no he didn't we stacked it
but that would be pretty of it well epic
bottle flip challenge impossible in the
hood gone wrong
you know at the end of the day it's like
who needs technology when you got
plastic bottles and what I mean anybody
that wants to participate I got an idea
okay you're gonna go lay on the floor
downstairs
I'm gonna have to get water into your
mouth yeah I think that's a good spot
this has to be done with precision it's
actually really hard to judge where it's
gonna land it doesn't it looks totally
different it's really hard to tell Manny
whoa you got them ups guys I think we're
gonna end it there today I gotta I gotta
end it with so many thank yous the
channel listen we've been talking about
him 10 million subscribers but Brittany
and i's anniversary which happens on the
15th
you guys have personally been trying so
hard I see you sharing so many blogs
that keep saying this at the end of my
blog because I see you doing I see you
guys sharing so hard now our anniversary
is on the 15th the Internet has been
saying that we will hit 10 million subs
on the 20th which is five days after and
I gotta be honest with you I'm so happy
with that guys like to hit 10 million at
all is just absolutely impossible to me
so thank you to every single one of you
I will say this the internet says that
we are going to hit 10 million
subscribers on the 19th now so we have
shade you have shaved one day off of
this entire thing thank you guys so much
man no matter what at the end of the day
thank you guys so much we're gonna hit
it it would be in
on our anniversary it would just be so
crazy up all days that's the day we hit
it on but it does look like we are a
little off and I just want to say like
thank you guys man it's unbelievable
thank you for joining and being part of
our family a massive part of our family
you are everything you are everything to
us
we will see you tomorrow I love you
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more
you
