guys walked into the vlog look at these
guys look at him in their bandanas can
pick these out the store the other day
and we just put them on what that good
boy look at the draw okay kids are in
the car kids plural there's more than
one but it's we got one little dude and
we got Liza say hi Liza oh oh she gonna
play hardball she gonna play hard-to-get
only one role no smiling hey nah ah you
think daddy's playing that's right no
smiling so we're going over to who
Britney's sister's house in case you
don't know that's whose little girl this
is who's already passed out its Carson's
birthday today so we got him some gift
card you got fifty and fifty holy cow
so that's what we're doing right now
we're headed over for the birthday party
and just enjoying whatever's left at
this day we did get a late start today
and
I like was like meal prep it and clean
it and you got up early and went and
worked out yeah I think that's why
energy because I actually worked up I
got energy got a lot of energy got a lot
of pregnant girls trying to dreamy
others energy just just one son uh-oh
what baby soon this is what Britt's
gonna be doing taking out another baby
and you don't flip try whoa that was
close but you used your hands haha oh
there you go
happy happy birthday Carson I'm gonna
launch you to the moon oh dude I'm so
proud you're eight yeah that's eight
seconds of tickling oh I had no help
what he'll do this right till Hey yeah
flippy flippy floppies yeah okay get it
boy
hey let me try one more time
there you go dude I actually can't
believe you're eight man I'm proud of
you I was at the hospital when you were
born
yes I was you want to bet and do you
want to bet I'll add another eight
seconds on to that birthday tickle
oh no no kittens they're so little
hi guys what's up oh my god I am a
sucker for kittens I can't look at it
that's the last thing that I can look at
all right bruh last time you held a baby
you're having a baby
put the kittens down I'm tired of
playing yeah they're adorable
that's cardboard apartment right there
grab it hurts one no I don't want to
touch it we are working past quite a bit
of time keen always begged me to sit in
the back seat with him but then once I
get back here all he does is watch TV
all you want me to do is a whole time is
sit in the back with me sit in the back
with me but then you just watch TV
anyways it's Sunday which means I get to
go get Noah right now and have him for
the whole weeks we're going to get Noah
and then now we're heading home guys
it's this Sunday yeah so now it's
getting dark at like 5:30 so it's like
it just feels so late Britney's a fiend
for junk right now how's my man you
leave me hanging you gonna leave me
hanging yeah so we're heading home and I
just thought of something kind of a
unique story so about 12 years ago maybe
even longer has it been that long
the first tattoos I ever got was these
stars going around my wrist I know
super super creative I got these stars
around my wrist and they were just
Hollow there was nothing inside of them
the middle stars for my dad hang on it's
blurry blurry tunafish the middle stars
for my dad it's like his own Hollywood
star cuz he's a super star to me I got
the B tattooed for Britt the N added for
Noah the K added for Kane and I had this
empty star right here
yeah there's meant to be because there's
a bullet in the oven that's crazy to
think about right or you think it's all
if it's a girl if it's a girl you know
what I thought is if a boy rom would
still be amazing but I'm like we've
entire Mountain even our girl room for
so long have you feel that if we did
have a boy name in him Rome that's all
we were gonna name our girl forever
we've always wanted yeah yeah we've
always wanted to name a girl Rome Rome I
think it's a beautiful name
you don't like it okay I'll tell her you
said that we don't know we don't know
it's just the name that stuck with
Britain I for a long time er I mean it's
it's all it's a it's all personal
preference how do I explain that I
wasn't planning on putting anything in
them stars I just got empty stars and
then I put their initials in and I have
an empty star how weird is it for you in
an empty star and you're mostly like
everything else is filled in except for
that because it's good to be for mine
it's for my next star it's for my next
superstar all right now getting full of
cake and ice cream cake I ate probably
the entire veggie tray yeah probably
even the plastic which is bad for the
baby I am wanted to eat the radishes but
I was like Ellen don't kiss me lighter
oh I didn't eat any radishes just for
you I love when you think about me dude
they are happy to see you first you got
your bandana off these dogs escaped our
man you show you what pizza that's what
you want 100% call duty Tom nice shirt
what is it
yeah I mean this is pretty rowdy house
in here you love that shirt huh so we
just got that goofing off and went
straight for some call of duty and no
loss Pizza dude I'm the best pizza maker
man like the 450 throw it in just right
crispy not too soft
mmm that's what I had these two yeah
definitely definitely definitely don't
need any more anymore especially not a
cat they're so cute and then they just
start peeing everywhere you know it's
true all right how are we doing oh yeah
we yeah and how many does five kills not
bad not bad now we only play hardcore
which is you Oh hmm we only play
hardcore and that is basically if you
get hit by anything you're dead I can't
stand the regular games like you shoot
him a hundred times like Halo I was
never never good at that that's us
number three dude it's not bad turds not
bad guys I think I'm gonna end it right
there probably a short vlog for you
today we didn't do a whole lot and I
want to show you something this is my
prank camera and I just want to show you
keep in mind that this is even in a bag
look at the dust on my prank camera did
oh my god I think it's safe to say I
haven't used this thing for a while guys
I want to end you with some positive
energy today I haven't been pushing a
whole lot of that on you and I used to
do it every single day I want you to
leave these vlogs feeling like you can
take on the world I want you to realize
how important you are and I fight for
that all the time and one of my main
goals with every video I make is to make
you guys feel better just feel good
maybe you're struggling with a small
problem maybe you have a huge problem
whatever that problem is pretend to 20
minutes I want you to just disappear
so here's what I'm gonna leave you with
guys whatever these problems you're
struggling
with and I tell you guys this all the
time whatever this problem is that
you're going through I promise you one
thing
that problem is gonna make you better
version of who you are right now and I
know that sounds crazy it's so hard to
understand but that problem that problem
that you call a problem it's gonna be
something you end up laughing about I
know man I've been through my private a
ton of problems you know what every
single problem I have has been a
blessing it has turned me into a better
person man I'm not perfect but I'll tell
you those problems that were miserable
at the time that I thought was the end
of my life has now become one of the
greatest blessings I've ever received
man I truly I it's crazy to think that a
lot of these problems you'll look back
on and be like I'm so glad that actually
happened because now I'm a better
version of Who I am right now so guys
fight push forward do it get it go after
it you can do it and you will do it
don't sit around got to jump you got to
make it happen I love you guys man fight
for word to push be you you are awesome
you are incredible you are one-of-a-kind
I love you I just love you
smile more
you
