welcome to the flag what's up this is
what an awesome grandma looks like man s
shirt was made for you honey
what do you mean what happened the other
side well he's a digger guys welcome to
the vlog I went out this morning and got
something you don't know what this is
come here I know you're tired man is
pregnancy's got Britton so tired you
gotta get up all I do is sleep that's
what it should say look this is mall all
right okay hang on hang on before you
open it before you open it whoo
this is probably one of the most
ridiculous purchases I've ever made in
my life is it a desert eagle open it
okay so so okay so there's a story
behind this all right it's an all gold
Desert Eagle 50 Cal that's not now
that's a gun girl Oh God look how pretty
it is in that pretty you guys have seen
me this is a very famous gun you see it
like Tomb Raider Laura Croft literally
runs around with dual 50s you see these
in like the intros of Call of Duty's
you've seen this gun and this is my
person what did you get Mother's special
blend
it's oil for my belly you see that mom
oh look at that beast no there's no
bullets in it oh I will never do that
what
you know shoot so much anyways you're
like pregnant like the baby's like a
noodle right now I get chicken nugget I
know but I saw shooting gun is that
thing yeah it's really hard to show on
camera how big this handgun is maybe I
should get a regular hangouts just to
see the difference don't look like Laura
Croft better okay it's actually lighter
than like the pregnant Laura you're like
Laura Croft carrying a human being with
you was it a good decision all right you
ready to go bud you looked ready man I
love that jacket
banana banana you know it's so crazy as
seeing new girls like that stuff I just
throw it away hey ya know why are we
talking about things that smell because
you're you're on your own
like hypersensitive right now I love it
you know what I'm doing I'm sitting
there trying to like justify to my
viewers why I bought this ridiculous gun
but really I just bought the gun that's
what I did and I'm trying to like come
up with reasons to make it okay yeah but
I just bought the gun that's what I did
that's right guys I bought the gun now I
did buy the gun because I was like it's
gonna make the vlogs cool when we have
special guests come over they can shoot
the desert eagle and that's like we'll
be very entertaining to me so I'm not
gonna actually justify it I did buy it
for me and for the vlogs that is the
truth but uh voice I don't but but I'm
just I'm telling the truth right now I
was trying to come up with a
justification it is but it's that's my
banana man you ate half I get the other
half that all being said I'm just being
real with you guys I'm gonna close this
up we're gonna head over to my brothers
at least blow a couple rounds to it it's
a dollar a bullet a dollar holla
oh just shoot that gun in dollar round
ya ready to rock you got the energy you
know
hashtag pregnant perfect leaf pile
hello hey guys hey hey oh you just plain
just plain to buy whatever you got what
do you look with you I didn't think you
noticed what you brave and I think you
notice Desert Eagle everybody guess oh
my god it's a bear dude we're gonna bust
this thing out why wait why wait
alright wait a lot of people buy these
guns and they just sit on them we're
gonna they don't actually say oh no it's
really hard to tell on camera without
other rounds being inside it prepare to
give them an idea my fingers eighteen
and a half inches long
yes that's about 12 yeah it's a whole
foot that bullets a foot walk that's
just like shooting a plug of metal it's
a handgun cannon it has its own
Instagram page does it like I can see
this tucked into my pants maybe a back
holster double golds in the back alright
holy crap
my ear protection look at the wood oh
this gonna be - gone baby oh look it
tried it tried to bake break the
bulletproof rope oh this is Kevlar now
this is Dyneema yes you one-handed see
if you can break that little jug you got
it yeah I got wet I got wet you feel a
little better bet you could survive that
yeah oh there's actually pieces missing
from the jug
yeah the handles gone the handles not
there anymore no you guys have it the
gold Desert Eagle man that's a fun one -
whoa wow it is still I what do you think
they're gonna let her paint you up
Brittany's got her she's not fully
portable guys she's taking the face
paint to the next level check out this
wiring look at you still an hour playing
this crazy first-person war game I know
it doesn't look like much on here but
nails trying to reload his gun right now
but it's full-on it's like the closest
thing right now in my opinion to call a
nudie for VR and it is insane on the
outside you just look ridiculous but I
know let them come to you dude this is
pretty intense man I'm gonna lie you are
finally I love it
what are you you some type of dinosaur
dude look how amazing this is dude
imagine me you're in you are the guy
dude yes you get to open your mouth stay
that way stay that way I'll shut it that
is hilarious
hey so I think we're gonna turn today
into a semi oh oh he's getting one of
the lizards - I love this we're gonna
turn this day into a little bit of a
game day John Pizza John's coming over
that is now his name Pizza John Big John
you can use Big John - he's gonna come
over we're gonna hook up call of duty on
all the TVs baby
do you like it we're gonna all sync up
and play local call of duty together
which I you guys know when a new Call of
Duty comes out that's like the one game
that I sit and I play and it distracts
me and I don't want to edit and I don't
want to do anything look like on it I'll
be right back a little dinosaur okay a
bit come here give me a hug we'll go get
all my game stuff okay TV and
Playstation love you ran home to get all
my playstation stuff Mama's just been
here cleaning our house here was this
you find this it was land there there
are you party did you just ask me if I'm
getting gray hair yes I'm getting gray
hair way to point it out it's all over
the side
man that was a low blow
these guys being good y'all good okay
it's the psycho life can't be young
forever you gotta use the of it
y-you got it it's true it really goes
fast cuz I six months ago I didn't have
all these wrinkles six months ago
well that's guess the Fountain of Youth
you were drinking out of went dry right
now you you know you got to catch it up
time flies that's the time flies and
I'll tell you something man and they say
golden years at Aintree you have your
golden years right now when you're
having your family and then enjoying
them when you get my age they're
tarnished it's still gold but you gotta
you gotta dust it off well at least I
have you
during my golden years but no what I was
saying you guys is what's so crazy about
pizza Oh Amy
this is PlayStation 3 but it's for dude
breaking the rule is don't tell Sony
well if you remember attempted a game
night you know it's just about
impossible to actually get everybody on
but we're close we're really close were
you fully good remember that I wore my
flash shirt again John you guys ever
think that maybe you're getting killed
by a five year old
my son my son is like - and he's drained
my life force
so Caine just went 3 and 10 3 kills 10
deaths I think that's better than my
first kicked I'm not kidding I did six
and nine that's not that great you have
made a serious night of it Lucy Lucy
your eye ooh can't leave you fell down
the steps oh dude it's you know what
yeah but in person it looks way better
on camera brightens it really bright
yellow look I really
Oh the camera has a totally different
look all right guys getting back home
and I don't know when you get all this
editor tonight I got a good start on it
might just do it it's completely
relevant to you guys the real point is
is that the vlog went up on time so I'm
proud I'm proud and proud guys thanks
for hanging out with us today we will
see you tomorrow you are beautiful you
are one-of-a-kind
keep your head up be positive you're
amazing you're everything to us we'll
see you tomorrow
smile
you
