welcome to the vlog guys we are back I
know I've been gone a couple days but it
was so needed I can't even explain it
without sounding like a baby but I'm
back and I feel good I want to show you
what we've been doing for the last two
days me and Kane just me and Kane out
back yeah
packing them in you can barely see what
we've done because you can barely even
see what we've done because of all the
leaves but we have built a little track
out back you love it heck yeah go we had
two of the most beautiful days off me
and Kane sat in the backyard together
built these hills and ramps and I even
taught Kane how to run the bobcat check
this guy out
unfortunately it's not mine it's a
rental I got it for the whole weekend
man I'll tell you guys we've had so much
fun of course when I come back to
vlogging it's raining it's sprinkling
right now I just used the drone to clean
the track look all the Leafs
filming on my phone because I don't even
have my blog camera off I took the day
off completely from blogging - me and my
boy could just get some one-on-one dirt
time man so I'm gonna film a quick clip
this is what we built today so far he's
just getting used to it yes you did all
along I thought that would take like
days so yeah guys welcome back to the
vlog this is just the beginning of what
will probably be some kind of crazy
track at some point but I think we got a
good start it's not too huge the kids
can play on it I can play on it so much
to do today we're going to what we're
gonna do a bunch of stuff so let's go
let's start this vlog and thanks for
waiting around and being here and you
know let's pile in my man oh it's locked
unlock the door mama what do you what is
this what are you wearing it's like half
of you got caught in a fan or something
Oh how's my baby no how's my baby
just in case somehow you have missed the
whole thing Britney is officially
pregnant we're having a baby guys it's
still early stages we don't know if it's
a boy we don't know if it's a girl
that's the whole thing like are we gonna
tell them or we gonna find out are we
gonna make it a secret are we gonna make
it like a like what are we gonna do
I feel like that's a I feel like the
gender-reveal should be huge like
something just so big and fun Brittany
had a funny idea and I don't know if you
came out with us we've seen it somewhere
but she said basically make an explosion
and the explosion would be the color
like blue or pink
yeah blow up my dad's Corvette and
that's either blue or that's a pretty
cool place it just gets right to the
point you climb up climb down
hello cool get them before the weather
breaks Oh Parker they walk they love the
little baby they do what they want you
know what maybe it'll be done when it's
done
all right I'm working don't call me oh
man what's he come on was he playing I
got I see he is playing a game counting
down our final days until winter
officially hits and then it's fun in the
snow hopefully we get some serious snow
this year that would be fun
you got a knock on it do the special
knock oh you knocking and running huh
and then you wanna be's do you wanna
be's Barrowman a theremin the world's
first and only non-contact music
instrument so you don't have to touch it
feel like Skrillex right now so we are
up here to work on the game for a little
bit today
smiling has been a huge success for all
of us and we are going to release our
first new level which will be around
Christmas write an entire Christmas
package and then we're releasing a new
special character tomorrow yeah as
you're watching this tomorrow's
confusing so we're here to do a bunch of
that stuff today and there's just so
much to play with here I want Cainta
he's being so shy I come here dude you
drop the ball in and then you battle to
get it and the other players go down
here
good job Oh 40 what you played this
before yeah it's like coming to the
arcade did the hardest part about coming
here to get work done is actually
getting nice try I'm gonna stay here and
get a little bit of work done I love you
dude I'll see you really soon okay this
new vehicle just really really locks
them in Manly this I love you I love you
see you soon if Carl brings you in that
car be careful this little guy dirty
what's up I know mines filthy - so what
were over here working on today is you
guys know christmas is coming up so
smiling is gonna have a very big
Christmas theme for the month of
December you'll actually play in the
snow and all the characters would be
different I want to show you at least
one character this is Brittany for the
Kristen and this may not be the final
this is a work in progress but uh this
is gonna be miss Britt mm-hmm
mrs. mrs. Claus so if you guys are
following the game you know we're doing
constant updates we got a new one sad a
big one Saturday fun one we're is
tomorrow I really don't know okay so
Roman doesn't know that I took over his
camera he's he's taking a dump
oh we're good oh yeah yeah probably
please in front of listen anyway yeah
all right guys no idea how to turn this
thing off
oh wait yo I think you should have
brought the smaller car dude this is the
trunk oh we got the amazing 2 mil and 48
hour poster made and there's nowhere to
put it
could it just maybe in the passenger
seat with me well we could put it in the
back for the engine but no it'll get hot
yeah oh yeah I love seeing the motor in
the back that's so cool
just drive drive with it on your side
like that yeah there you go oh my gosh
you know did your family man now huh oh
yeah you have a kid this is that this
isn't that kid friendly at least the GTR
has a backseat yo guys thank you that's
cool we can just hold it right there
that's fun so we're gonna have some read
on it live-action gameplay here I'm so
actually I'm so proud of this and so
honored to be able to hang this up it's
just 2 million downloads in less than 48
hours is pretty unheard of it's pretty
hard to do and because of you only
because of you guys we get they have a
poster like this it's amazing yeah you
know we're gonna have to make a bunch of
these up and send some out to you you
might have to sign some
hey dude
jiminy is that what these are awesome
you know what those are the shoes I wore
to the moment
you got white shoes what my boots on my
feet really well you need longer socks
yeah longer socks uh-oh there's the baby
Brittany just had to hold the baby did
look you held the baby
you held everybody's baby and now you're
having a baby it really is true baby
fever is real yeah it's real thing it's
so contagious so guys if you want to
have a baby just have your girl hold
other people's babies you don't want to
have a baby avoid contact with other
babies it's crazy
well buddy welcome to the Future right
here he should be like already I should
put it like a eight months later ten
months later ten months later
that was a good dinner I feel good we're
losing light so fast now that's how you
know it's winter that's how you know the
winter is coming when the sunshine is
gone dude you got some funky looking
hand boy
oh boy I figured on the way home would
be a good time to just stop for a second
and I know today's war it's pretty
laid-back and a lot of it's just
business things I got to get done and
normally what you on camera but since
I'm coming back to blogging I might as
well do it thank you guys so much for
the overwhelming amount of support
towards the pregnancy we're having a
baby baby baby baby as far as the online
world goes and you guys the amount of
support blew my mind
just
not even really sure how to say other
than just thank you so so much there
there is no wait for me to I'm really
bad at this I'm always I'm always bad it
I always tell you guys I don't have the
right words to explain how I feel and
that's so true in the situation we
posted the video of the announcement and
I don't know when you put things out
like that into the internet you just
don't know what you're gonna get you
guys were just always shocking me with
such positive response it's amazing so I
am a little emotional and the terms
we're having a baby in the amount of
support it's just got me and so there's
so much love around us thank you guys
what's going on what's going on where
the breaks baby stopped you're almost
stopped everybody else is moving I think
because you're hitting your brakes
look baby don't argue with me in front
everybody it's cuz there's a car pulled
up Roman and Brittany have an argument
ah rubber what's going on what's going
on who's that who's that
oh hey boy what's up dude
flashy where's flash nothing oh we got
in the store hey baby
we have a we have an entire night shift
now at the smiler so we have day shift
and night shifts a flash hangs out with
them mostly by hey you bunch of me Punk
anybody that won one of our giveaway
live got me giveaways this is all being
next day air tomorrow to live me and
they are shipping everything so we're
taking this out right now to ship it
well at least package it up for tomorrow
hi everybody say hi say hi to the daily
vlog Brittany's gonna bring out a dress
but this needs next day aired tomorrow
this is cold you get this yeah this is
awesome you know we can get rid of the
candles they've been there forever it
probably dust-covered that's cool yeah
good message it's a good reminder no I
just they were sticking out tit wait
this is it we start right here start
right here yep that's the one it's like
Oh building time guys we're gonna build
a like hopper that's right like this
that guy right there
time a freight next score wins the game
maybe you just barely I barely beat you
good game no no me and you daddy
okay oh that's a good one get past my
guys yeah
Cain you're the red go ain't had a bit
of a warm-up in the last round with
mommy he's eight to nine with the left
can you got it you scored for daddy
you didn't even finish your Lego
building before we went on the building
man you got the baby foosball instructed
us it's called table foosball oh he's
pretty good at it too
I know ready okay we only need two more
one more you gotta pay attention as much
as I'd like to tell you guys we're about
to do something really awesome we just
aren't we're gonna sit here we're gonna
build Legos we're gonna hang out for
just a little longer and call it a day I
promise you I'm working to get back on
track I really am I needed a little
mental break and uh and boy was it nice
man I just can't stress how amazing it
was telephone shut up I know that you
are fully on board with my decisions and
I just can never thank you enough first
thanks for being here we're gonna get
back on track back to the fun stuff back
to just family family family family
everything that is uh that's my goal
right there so we love you we will see
you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
small one hey go put that baby to sleep
baby needs sleep baby needs
you
