like what are you guys doing that's it
that's all I get when I was embarrassing
my kids are getting to know me too well
welcome to the vlog guys that was
incredibly painful I really thought I'd
scare you guys like I was going for it
I committed to it flash almost getting
me out maybe you did today me and Britt
are going on a trip we have to go and
the kids are already bumming out about
it and I don't blame you I'm bumming too
because I'm gonna miss you
we've just been packing up and getting
ready and saying our goodbyes and we're
only gonna be gone for 360 days less
than a year it's less than a year
no it's less than a year I'm kidding
we're gonna be on for three minutes dude
three minutes we'll be right back
I love you just know that no matter what
I love you and no matter where I am I
can make it happen you need something
you call me anything I will make it
happen
Kayne it doesn't go for you you're on
your own I'm not gonna tickle you that
was mommy anyway I know you guys are
just gonna party while we're gonna it's
just gonna be one big party dude no
rules you're probably junk food the
whole time
well I hardly ever eat I know you won't
you're the best kid in the world but
this one this was always up to something
this one right here Kane right here what
you thought I was talking about you well
I don't know if I'm gonna get through
security like this mom I don't know if
Security's gonna let me through like
this what would they say if you just
come walking through the with with a
kids drink unless you I finally got a
small bag this is the first trip that
I've got to take my own brand bag
we released these things and then you
guys bought every single one I
personally had to wait on my own bag I'm
the only person that has the original
ones you have the same bag but without
the small one oh that's right yeah when
we were actually testing which bags we
liked know what kept the bag before even
had a logo on it I'm proud of my brand
man I love this brand I lived by this
brand so I love rocking it I mean I love
you boys more than anything in this
world okay you're the best
I praise these well we'll see you later
adios I'll check out what me and Kane
made me and Kane made this this morning
you see I love ya see you soon don't you
do that don't you do that
don't turn on the faucet boy yeah this
guy wasn't so lucky this week oh man are
you ready ready
hundred percent check out the hot air
balloon that's awesome I've never done
that
Oh
you would never do that
guess what our next vlog is live
streaming I've never done it but what
would be so bad about that I think it'd
be late you're in a balloon in a balloon
yes not like a party ball and it's a
control with fire it doesn't sound very
crazy when you think about it how many
of you guys have done that so guys we
are off today on a very exciting trip
something that I could only dreamed of
doing years ago if somebody said I was
about to do what I'm about to do I would
just laughed
so it's opportunity that I just can't
pass up and I gotta be honest like
having children in a business where you
are required to travel it's tough it
just makes life tough but it does create
a sense of missing and loved it I know
when Brittany and I never used to travel
together it kept us so close it kept us
even more in love because we had a
reason to miss each other like her
flames yeah I'm so excited I wanted I
want to experience everything with you
is so it's crazy and it's actually not
happening today we have to travel today
we're headed to the airport right now
and we have to get there and then
tomorrow is a very huge day for us and
I'll just pumped I'm excited shop that's
what you think this trips all about what
do you need more more more sweaters so
let's go it's gonna be a bit of a travel
day and we're headed the airport so
let's get out of this cloudy
so I think we're just going to the
airport so I feel like I need a t-shirt
just as so and so guys
so guys it's just gonna be boring boring
travelling did I tell you all right here
we go
I got it Stoke you guys probably noticed
we haven't let we've been home for a
couple weeks which for us is kind of a
long time I told everybody manager
everybody that I was staying home like I
need some home time after tour and
everything we've been doing what I've
been a crybaby and just needed time with
the kids I just needed to be home I'm a
home bug but this opportunity came up
and it's just something that I could not
pass up and I know the vlog is gonna be
so fun different different stuff that
we've never ever done in the vlog ever
for me okay how heavy I'm gonna go with
39 49 no way all right here we go
ah we were both off but you busted I win
so Brittany refuses to go through the
big scanners the things have spent so
she gets a free massage every time we
come to the airport check this out
oh my gosh that's a real massage
leaving Columbus we got to stop in
Chicago no Michigan let's bring in the
music sequence let's start it right now
music I know right the same thing that's
what everyone does
Oh
welcome to Detroit Michigan where we go
on where we're here haha look at that
ranch which leads me to my daily
challenge for you guys no complaints I
know and I'm gonna give it to them
because I just almost complained about
how far we have to go look we got all
this technology to see if you can do it
from the time you wake up to the time
you go to bed not a single complaint
complain that it smelled a statistical I
know it's so difficult okay so yesterday
our buddy Shay Shay call from the shades
heart sent me a video in the airport
doing this swatches
he hung on I hung on to the what's that
thing called the walk I want to do it
she's so embarrassing look there's
nobody over here go
y-you see why won't you walk with me
hopefully we don't start a new trend
Shay don't don't do that guys it's super
 up yeah this is pretty cool you
know Brittany said don't you dare you
really think I'd run across I would
leave you at the gate if you even made
it
yeah we're supposed to back me if
somebody came you would be like backing
me up on that
no complaining no complain
thank you no we walked she didn't
exercise today she wanted to no
complaining no complaining all right you
ready to bring that music back we're
gonna bring that music back then bum bum
bum
ah feels good out here so good
all right guys we have successfully made
it to our destination how you doing
tonight sir very good never been here
before in my life
yes sir come on Inger the boogie man in
there Oh what the heck I said two beds
why did you oh hi you laugh
there's nothing one of the worst parts
of all traveling is food we need food
and it's late it's already 11 p.m.
Tenten look Elizabeth I know this is the
exciting part of our day right here just
trying to find some food know about this
place to put your camera's under your
hat
honey know if you wouldn't pooped I
would have more time how did I know no
I'm gonna break your leg
seriously well trying to uh we're so
sore from Kane's birthday because he we
did that that sweet that's why I'm sore
why are you so that's my next idea edit
okay that's one thing we have to do but
we have no real responsibilities right
now other than editing we have no kids
it's probably the perfect time what
nothing
it's the perfect time to get some rest
oh no but really tomorrow is going to be
insane and if all goes well it will be
probably one of our biggest blogs like I
truly believe it will be it'll be one of
our biggest ones
yeah super big super fun and we have a
lack of food in what we call jet lag
right now so you guys don't even know
where we're at only people that live
locally will probably recognize where we
landed skipping it was white noise just
like the thing the ring what was that
man I don't think we're gonna sleep
we're just gonna fight all night like
just Royal Rumble is cloning my house
yeah thank you we got food coming we
thank you guys for being here we are
gonna call it a night I'm gonna get this
video up for you and can't wait to
release tomorrow it's so much right now
they're gonna move soon good night guys
we love you thank you for everything
thanks for the support on everything
smile more the game our family your we
came to a certain location to film with
a certain person and it's huge to me and
we never had this person in our vlogs
and we've never done what we're gonna do
in the look so it's all new it's all fun
new people uh thank you guys you're
beautiful you're one of a kind you're
truly amazing smile more don't lean
that's it
you
