welcome back welcome guys welcome to the
vlog we're starting a little strange
today because we got even know really
how to explain this we're back and we
have like some absolutely incredible
news like it from us for everybody that
supports our company like this is
something since 2015 2015 we have been
in a court case a battle against smile
more and we have officially won the case
guys this has been years this has been a
court battle for years federal court it
went all the way because you know smart
is our company yeah actually it was be
ours about you guys that's for sure it's
a huge back story it goes back years
since 2015 is when this started and we
are officially done with it
we won your case and we now completely
own smile more like it is our brand it
is our company and it feels so freakin
good this probably doesn't make much
sense because this is one of the things
that we never spoke about we never
mentioned we never talked about and now
that it's done and we want it and it's
ours it feels so good to celebrate this
like it is a true celebration for us for
smile more for the movement for
everything we've worked for was at risk
was that like state only one guy so with
that being said let's get the vlog going
this is uh it's sorts I don't know if
it's exciting to you I think it is a
good thing for everybody that we get to
continue rocking out smile more but it's
very special to us cuz we worked on this
company for so long like it's our heart
and soul it's our bread like it is we
love it so we're so excited now get to
push forward on things let's go it is
mayhem right now
as we speak it's Christmas season in
smile more so let's just start the vlog
welcome back guys forgive us we won
let's go - yeah let's show the mayhem
we're vlogging everybody smiles on this
is the smile more story you're happy
you're happy
whoo come on Bob come on man give it to
the world right now look this is this is
what's going out today these are all
your orders going out today this is this
is freaking exciting we got to go inside
actually and do this right now yes good
guys I cannot explain the relief that we
are feeling right now like it is imagine
like a miserable headache for three
years that's what we were dealing with
and it's all done it's put to rest it's
over it's done
it is full force like work day for
everybody here and us we were about to
shoot a whole bunch of stuff chase is
over here she is away you got a big
Dalmatian pup
guys remember we built the smart store
like for those of you been here a long
time and how it was so big and we were
like had so much space now we're back in
the house doing photos cuz we have no
space in the store what's up Gilly
thought you loved this setup man this is
looking nice where's keen
where is he did he go by oh where is he
where's mommy
is there something over there that's
gross it's your daddy's cable my this
cable she's like that but we are we're
currently reshooting our all our mouse
pads and this is brand new so for all of
you that are like winter mouse pads
coming in when are your gaming your
full-size pads coming in they are back
and we have a brand new one which is the
all grey wash with the splatter logo
regular size and full size my hand in
that shot yeah
it's the one I want on the website with
my finger Flash's dying to come in but
he can't because you'll walk all over
the set you can't look at his nose you
see all that dirt if you give him
anything like a piece of toast or any
type of food he takes it outside and he
buries it in the ground for the
destoroyah on set well it did look nice
maybe that's the shot just heard of just
trashing the pads soaked in peanut
butter and jelly and my keyboard Cora
can you say cheese say cheese say cheese
she's like I don't understand she really
wants to get in she wants to be the star
of the show
peanut butter jelly time so right now we
are well they're out right now but we
are photographing as you watch this we
are photographing our first ever ugly
sweaters we've never had them everybody
has lovely sweaters we've never had them
so today right now Britt's looking so so
classy so fine
do not look ugly bread there you go
that's the look but that's not it
that's not even the ugly one you ready
for this okay
I showed yours you got to show my okay
so these are better what they're for
both I'll get ready so show it show it
here we go the official smile more
ugly sweater we got donkeys the donkeys
in there we got flash looking at
yourself and our cats I don't know
whether it's for cats but the cats are
on there and of course you think I love
them so much and it's tie-dye and it's a
crewneck and it's thick and warm and
soft and they're unisex so hers is for
boys this is for girls it's all just for
everybody and we're gonna do our photo
right now I think you're a little more
Christmassy you know you're gonna have a
Christmas spirit five minutes you go
step back one step go this way a little
bit I'm huge
don't let me take my shoes off they'll
go legit dude which one do you like
better
have to say either one actually I feel
like they are yeah they're just
different like this you can wear
anywhere that is like oh you mean you
can't wear this I wear this anywhere I
wear this to church I'm saying like it
doesn't have to be Christmas to wear
this
wait you'd only have to be Christmas
through that you could rock that
anywhere that's the paper okay control
sergeant's back who's on there what is
that you see flash do you see flat Cora
who's that you set the doggy of course
trying to put it on dude look at this
proto Kane come here
Cora what is that the cane where'd he go
Oh mr. drew P spin okay okay all right
photo shoot wrap that's easy that's easy
dude that cat guys I can't even explain
to you the photo we accidentally got
picked up the cat should just show it
like you can pull it up on the camera
bears like let's get a photo of the cat
get into the camera and we got like the
perfect photo so don't like you like
that one
which one you want okay rocket I
explained this what you're gonna have to
okay I think there's and in the first
how many of our shirts they go out we're
gonna do one of the kind sign photos
that are going out wait so you're gonna
take a photo right now okay with the
blood cameras okay ready and that oh my
god so it's just going in a random order
oh my god that photo I want to keep this
for me see see now you just took a good
photo of us oh my gosh it's so funny
okay you sign it I put the date on it
are you serious look well we have to
take the photos I know I'm just gonna
take them randomly yeah okay
not like in once it's gonna be
throughout the day okay okay it's just
doing me and you or you and her classic
instant classic chick on the photos guys
so yeah we're in full company mode today
we do have something really cool that
came in and I'm trying to say if I want
to do that today or tomorrow we're just
so classes taking Britta we have so much
personally to do today
it's probably a really good thing we
don't sell lamps or any type of actual
glassware this this is not delicate
merch the theory is even if they stack
them nice put them up by the time they
get there this is what it looks like in
the back of the truck anyway so the idea
is that we just you know you're the one
who's gotta organize this later yep is
it a good one is it worthy of a replay
maybe we save it Emily felt through the
boxes it's a work day today for us guys
like I can't even explain like people
are like oh you're just selling your
Merc yeah it is our company it is our
business that's how we continue to make
it grow and but on the second part of it
is what we're actually doing like this
is what we're actually doing and if I
didn't film it then we again wouldn't
have a vlog at all today is crazy I'm
sure you guys want to know more about
the course stuff I want to be pre vague
with it because I'm just so thankful
that it is literally as of today behind
us like it has been three years of like
this week on my shoulder our shoulder is
so irritating and I want to just push
past I never spoke about it how it's
just so like I don't know it's
uncomfortable to talk about a long story
short basically a company took us to
court to make sure that we couldn't sell
smile more anymore and like that's
already we were already established like
we're already smile Moore's already my
company my brand we already had you know
this building was built I'm pretty sure
2015 is when this started yeah I'm gonna
I lost track of so much stuff but the
whole point of it is that it's is the
whole like scenario of like worrying
doesn't change the outcome huge I
worried about this every day for three
years like legit like at some point I'd
be like oh my god we got all this course
and the cost like four lawyers is so
expensive we spent tons of money on this
battle so to have it
right like it's done literally done we
get to focus on small more and our
company again in like I don't even know
how to explain it guys I really don't
and I don't even want to have to talk
about it I'm sorry I never told you
about it I think that it's just
something huge for us to push we're done
with move on and continue on man
worrying doesn't change the outcome
worrying all day about it didn't change
the outcome truth is it all worked out
and I freaked out a lot of times for
nothing so if you got something in your
life right now
that's bothering you no matter what you
think about it is not gonna change the
outcome of it that's something to think
about like you gotta save that save the
the time of your mind for something else
more productive man I should have
instead of sitting back a little I
should have just kept plowing plow and
plowing but you know it is what it is we
learn thank you all for supporting this
channel and of course smile more the
company it's it's literally I love it I
live by it
I lived by it before I release the March
I loved smile more and I'm so thankful
to have won our case and to be able to
continue growing our company so if
you're part of us thank you if you've
supported smile more thank you it's just
something so fun and I'm ready to get so
creative with it we finally get to I'm
pumped come with me please let's keep
this vlog going it's that you know what
all that being said I'm gonna finish up
the rest of his work I'm literally
putting everything on the website as we
speak and get all that done go inside
meanwhile in the house we got Cora doing
laundry
you don't must get all the clothes done
while I was gone yeah well you got push
it in the room keep going push it in the
room oh I know that's how I feel when I
got to work sometimes oh you want in it
oh we can do that
daddy can do that you ready
hmm yeah that's way more fun oh we wreck
we're gonna hit your toys Oh
oh my gosh you made me dizzy don't do it
again she says yes before I even asked
her you won't do it again
yeah you guys say yeah no I got an idea
let's run mommy over
let's run mommy did we knock mommy over
did we love mommy over all right let's
get Kane she's like I really will get
you a pork I get keen by the stomach
that's this week spa didi oh you just
told me your weak spot yeah that core I
take what your sushi though get him
Korra
oh she wins with the wine in sweida a
tickle test test test okay you gotta lay
down tickle test we're gonna find out
what Spa is the most ticklish no I was
gonna do between your belly in your neck
I say belly feets bad every way I don't
ya feet I won't do your armpits mm-hmm
okay ready stomach test I won't even
touch you that that's how we're gonna
learn that's how we're gonna learn I'm
doing doing done don't don't don't
ready stomach even touch you ready
stomach
arms up arms up you're blocking it I'm
not gonna touch okay is that funny
okay neck neck up I won't touch you okay
this is trust move your arms move your
hands you want to go down that road okay
Cory you want to try yeah yeah actually
touch
I actually think older okay ready I have
to actually tickle you now okay belly
log you got a point at Kane you got a
point it up oh yeah she's just looking
at the screen yeah yeah there you go
now point at Kane all right have fun no
one's out of here gonna need pizza just
a teenager
see you later bye uh it's literally hit
do when they grow up it's game over
please see it money Pizza all right well
we are we're gonna start fresh tomorrow
with I got a full like actual day
outside a smile more tomorrow so we'll
actually have more of a US vlog today
was no kidding it was like a full work
smile more day like the whole day and
what time I came inside everyone's like
doing there on the day no it just left
and I think poor is now watching a movie
and canes playing games
yeah I hope you guys get ready for
Thanksgiving we are yeah yeah so most
kids like kids only have school tomorrow
so should be just a like a back to vlog
more of a back to vlog day today was
really busy for us thanks for being here
thanks for supporting us yeah I hope you
just had an awesome day we will see you
tomorrow for sure yeah that's really all
I got I don't know what else to say see
tomorrow you're beautiful you are one of
a kind
smile
you
