welcome to the vlog you're not really
gonna believe what has happened today
Brittany went off and bought a new car
without ever mentioning it never saying
a word never like look at this and she
just I'm gonna do what mom's gonna did
literally just picks me up and says
let's go for a run I walk out and this
is in the driveway I didn't buy it you
could have kept that gone a lot longer
than that she is she is that you guys
know we've been test driving a lot of
vehicles last one was about a 4runner
yeah they're like a family SUV based
what is what are we in right now it's
big like this suckers huge the - it
actually has the exact it actually is
the exact screen my a GTR has the same
exact screen so that's kind of weird
why don't we just invest in our like a
little limo like a little used limo for
the whole family so we don't need this
like this is like extreme luxury like
this is nice well we could know a drive
he's almost of the age hope you're
having an awesome day we are um you guys
know last week we were in Texas and Matt
from demolition ranch got Britney and I
to air 15's well they had to be shipped
in the town and they're finally here so
we're going to pick them up which has an
accessory to shoot cans and tennis balls
so I'm very excited I'm super excited to
just get those out with the dogs and see
if they'll chase the balls because he's
getting trained for an invisible
flash is on lockdown for many reasons
first of all we just have a ball pit if
you're new the channel you have no idea
about the ball pit what is going on huh
play this sticker still on it this
thing's brand new how do you get them to
just let you take their vehicles it's
like you can't just take a rental for
the day she does it Britney does it have
another idea what if we what if we take
the test-drive out we total it like we
we hammer it nail it smash the windows
and we take it back as long as we say
it's just a prank bro we'll be fine
I also have to take back my pepper that
shotgun because it keeps jamming like
crazy not tried everything not really
interesting to you guys I'm sure but I'm
gonna take it back and get it fixed look
at this this is gonna be Zeus's new play
toy pack that thing with tennis balls
that's from the pumpkins so the guns
came in but my blanks didn't these
things used blank rounds and actually
order them but they didn't come in very
found a few some I do my dogs are
thanking you man all doing this for Zeus
it's way too much work I'm actually Jay
gets credit for this not me
you're getting older you're getting
older don't worry I'm the editor I won't
put it in I mean it's big that's a big
vehicle what's up Zeus Britney's got the
kids on their side both kids love the
vehicle no I like it I just you know I
have a mixed opinion I don't know what
makes a good I should be a good as you
need all right let's play with Zeus Zeus
I got you a new toy I have never done
this and I've never seen this but
apparently this thing shoots tennis
balls Zeus let me see your ball get your
ball there you go it's so good all right
so I'm loaded up and basically we're
shooting out of this gun is just blank
ammunition these are just two to three
blanks which is insane that these
actually will shoot so much power out of
them like I just didn't realize I would
have never guessed
I just never guessed that one of these
had enough force to blow it like a pop
can that far so let's try a tennis ball
that's all we can do yeah ah you can
dodge it
flesh is on like a two three week
training program right now we got an
underground fence put in around our
entire property so flash has to be
walked two three times a day around the
entire property so yeah our little buddy
flash likes to leave our yard
immediately so we had to put in the
fence it's the only way or he's either
gonna get lost he's gonna run too far
and forget where he is and we're never
gonna have him again it's what's best
for the dog so I think we're good Zeus
is really good he never ever leaves the
yard
I just need tennis balls now look at all
these toys
this will do it oh oh look what I got
those look what I got yeah he's so
excited we got a UH we got a variety of
different brands and different yeah it's
just see what works they fit so good now
it's kind of loose one's a little loose
let's give it a shot I'm so ready for
this guy's my mice excited Zeus is
excited
it may take my dog a few tries to even
realize that I'm actually shooting a
tennis ball so look at him
ready Zeus you ready I better use my
sights sing it so backwards
are you ready whoa I'm gonna shoot on
the ground I'm gonna shoot it on the
ground what is this oh yeah I never have
to throw a tennis ball again you ready
you ready it's definitely not like a
community tennis ball launcher this
thing's made for the country for sure
are you ready now it doesn't have a kick
it really doesn't not like the the sodas
we were shooting last night Britney shot
this it was like a horse kicking her
because in a soda can there's so much
weight you got to push out it's just
like really tough so ready
oh man it's loud he's like it's too far
oh my gosh
here's my two thoughts right off the bat
a maybe a hair loud and Zeus is just
like a little wary of it and to the ball
goes so far this is just like I'm not
playing that if you watch this channel
then you know Zeus is like the tennis
ball King has to sleep what this boy
can't be away from his ball it's like
his therapy I feel like this is a good
addition for his tennis balls honestly
what you think did no reply no reply he
ain't never talks on camera off Camrys
he's a real jabber I want to test this
out if I hand throw a ball see what
happens Zeus you ready go hit it
look at that action most of you know
yesterday with my mom's actual birthday
tonight they're just gonna come over
we're gonna hang out as a family goof
off my brother and his wife and kids are
coming over and we're just gonna who
knows what we'll actually get into
hopefully I film a lot of it because
sometimes when families around I usually
it's like habit to just set the camera
down I'm like just spend time so tonight
I'm gonna try to not try to keep that
camera out and it's I don't know why
it's so difficult I think I just I get
lost in the moment of just family time
mom I was back with more food a
everybody wants you to go skydiving
everybody yeah we got planet we're gonna
book it right what do you think of that
oh you will
cheesecake I got two of them cuz you
said to them gummy ball it makes six
more loads how are you making this so
fast take the magic loaf maker
oh don't be at the bottom at the end of
yesterday's vlog we talked about mama
ones skydiving because she wants this is
not my idea I have bad ideas she has
completely come up with this on her own
she wants to pursue it big time and I
asked you guys if we should do it most
you guys said actually everybody said
you should take mama skydiving cane what
is your car doing
he just didn't hear doing donuts by
yourself did they have my car on here
dude they don't my color though look at
this oh my gosh these are so insane what
this makes me want to wrap the GTR only
that flat black is that daddy's this
must be a 17 we have so many birthdays
tomorrow is Noah's birthday parties
actual birthdays
Tuesday and then Cain's birthday is next
week
all right the outlet house is about to
get a little more at woody what's up
crazy dude a nice shirt man do you make
do you make you make them put them on
your shirt on the wrong can you cut that
we need to change part of the stone
which is how you want to go oh look at
that it gave up the ghost completely
plain cake but nothing else not your
design or anything
when's the last time you had a beast
cake well last time I had ice cream was
yesterday oh oh that I can't resist
well this ice cream it's your birthday
first can I have your birthday
this is serious question serious
question for the kids you guys want to
go start a bonfire after we eat serious
question for the parents
you guys wanna start a bonfire whatever
where's the kids up
you need a winter jacket on out there
tonight what is cold it is colder than
usual if we're an earring and ice cream
so you guys remember like I don't know a
couple minutes ago when I said I'm gonna
try to vlog as much of the family as I
can I fail I fail no I usually fail at
that I know but it like legit
want to film it because it's it's it's
moment it's memories it's moments that
we want to see like if anybody should
want to see it it's us even like we
should want we should want to remember
those moments more than you guys why
don't I film it I never do it every time
my family comes over or not every time
but like some reason I just turn off the
camera is getting a deep conversation
talking and family and I just I forgive
me guys tomorrow is a very very big
special day and that it's Noah's
birthday party and we have I am so
excited to show you guys what we have
for tomorrow it's insane like no one
knows it's it's crazy it's huge big
birthday big birthday you're gonna be 12
it's your last year before you're a
teenager yeah I did the saw did so with
a lot of fun it means you need a lot of
sleep it's bedtime
did you have a spider on your shirt yeah
good night I love you I'll see you in
the morning what that is our vlog for
today guys I have to get this vlog done
we have a huge day plan for knowit's
while I'm talking like I haven't been
this excited for a really really long
time I'm like so scared that he can hear
me right I'm about to blow his mind
tomorrow guys like I can't I'm so
excited I know the last two vlogs have
been a little off but the streak has
continued and that is just felt so good
I think today was like 29 29 vlogs it
all just starts blending together once
you've done so many like what's the
difference between 29 and 43 like
nothing it's like but to me it feels so
good to not be letting you guys down all
the time when I was missing a blog every
week it was like I was just letting so
many people down it just feels good to
be back on track tomorrow's gonna be a
super super fun vlog thank you for
sticking around through thick and thin
man we love you
try to guess in the comments today try
to guess what Noah's getting for his
birthday like it is something that even
Noah has given up hope on like he I
thank you guys so much so many times
every day I'd only be honest I just feel
like I could never thank you enough man
you guys are pushing us to 10 million
thank you so much for sharing these
vlogs and I know vlogs aren't that fun
to share but you guys are still doing it
so thank you so much we will see you
tomorrow thanks for pushing me to vlog
every day and keep this streak going I
see it on I see it thank you guys I love
you you're beautiful you are
one-of-a-kind keep that big smile on
your face man you're beautiful smile
you
