this is just welcome to the vlog this is
the way we're starting our day absolute
mayhem this is to wear out everybody
room this is where you go to where
everybody out are you ready for your big
day are you ready first of all welcome
to the vlog what are we doing today dude
something that I want to do long time
this is straight up I have to give all
the credit for this idea and I have to
give caleb credit because he's actually
willing to do it I think you're crazy
but yesterday therefore I came up this
idea of months months months ago every
we've been wanting to do it so bad
yesterday I'm on the couch caleb walks
in he goes you know buddy go get my head
shaved and I was like you're gonna shave
your head so even on the premiere week
and I'm pretty good at cutting hair we
mounted on the best on the best so
here's what we got
here's the problem these are wired this
the same exact one I got really yeah and
I don't know if they have a battery off
that's pretty heavy
they have battery you don't have heavy
he'll lift it
the idea is obvious we want a dangle
Clippers from the drone you guys know
how good on my flying drone so maybe you
want step in a little bit yeah you know
maybe we make it a contest I do one side
at a head you do the other and whoever's
looks better at the end is the winner I
think I'm gonna end up doing everybody's
side like
nice what you doing buddy you busy let
me get the drone to see if we can even
like not lift it or like mouth the cable
because we don't have battery-operated
Clippers we have to plug it in that's
gonna be a problem
this should lift though it should be
able to pull it up yeah now I think my
original plan was it was like almost a
competition and you would roll a dice
and whatever number it lands on is the
guard you get on the Clippers so if you
wrote war on your screws yeah if you get
a six though do it long do you want to
roll a dice Kayla or do you want to just
give me like a nice clean look or you
know you know you could roll a six and
have a six yard that's pretty sixes are
huge
here's a tool dude this is sharp though
imagine that coming down I'll be gentle
what kind of rope you use in there Roman
I'm just pretending I know what I do and
you know I've watched you enough that I
feel like I know what I'm doing here so
what we're doing is we're both a little
crisscross applesauce in the middle the
drums we can dangle the Clipper safely
above our eyeball his head here this
will keep the Clippers from going here
or here it'll keep it Center
breanne stitches Hospital anything like
that looking good
yeah that's official that's a real
haircut drawn right there it's nice and
the cameras gonna look like oh right for
fresh cut yeah kinda drum cuts calm baby
next step we need to mount this
intestine make sure this thing will even
fly it's surprisingly heavy this thing
weighs like think we got the heaviest
want yeah I don't know if you've ever
stood under one of these do but there's
a lot of wind so I think your hair is
gonna be going everywhere good chance I
like that I said whoa we're working on
doing this just out back like in the
yard
no the steakhouse this is the craziest
thing I've done in my lifetime
it's a crazy well it's a beautiful day
two custom hair man it's like our spot
to go to do fun things so let's do this
we're gonna test it first I guess the
first thing to do is see if this thing
will even lift those Clippers so let's
do it
it's gonna lift it dude
there's no problem no problem
you excited dude let's do this it's no
problem look at that
you ready yeah grab your chair and your
things and we'll head to the barbershop
got one condition
what's that alright since you're doing
this you have to let me start off the
gt-r you just want to start the gt-r
I'll let you drive the GTR
I'll let you drive it for doing this
yeah that's all you were gonna ask for
is to start the Jeep dude I would have
went way further than that I would have
been like I want to borrow that GTO
push-button right BAM yeah RC Payton job
left an X so I guess that's your spot in
eight that's way too big dude that's
wait you snuck these out here what is
that one for Matt for is getting better
what happened to the two in a three that
was just do the four all right which one
are we doing for you that's why I asked
we're ready we're gonna plug in and go
we need to guard like this BAM all right
guys this is the drone haircuts and I am
so excited to see this come to life Dale
actually told me we should have done
this like months and months months ago
we've never had a reason to do it and I
got my hair shaved off and I was like
man I wish I would have done the drone
thing so kayla is stepping up to the
plate big props to you and then no and
then Brittany we're gonna get Brittany
out hearing it I literally just got my
hair cut oh man who would even it's one
of my favorite sounds in the whole world
look at that clip that's too long let's
start let's see what happens yeah all
right we're on this is exciting
okay God decide right yeah and when
you're bringing it up just like I guess
dangle it to the side of my head so it's
coming back and then lifted there's the
issue the propellers are blowing your
hair flat against your head flat there's
nothing with that big of a guard I can't
get anything see like this guarantee
we're gonna cut your hair
alright where where is it at on the
guard wise we're all the way down to
move that alt that'll get it closer I
mean that's a half guard that's a no
guard this is to - I mean that's that's
an inch and a half let's do it
do what just do it take the guard out
don't take the guard like this that's a
half guard this has got real this just
got real we're going half guard
oh yeah
all right we are making profits every
cut really see I don't know why people
barbers haven't been doing this for a
long time yeah this is a nice dynamic
blend sure does bringing Dale shot he is
definitely a better drone operator I'm
not sure how much skill is involved
because the wind blows the Clippers
everywhere I agree like while I'm
watching and laughing I didn't say I
could do this better
I'm sure though that you can do it
better literally mean the girls were
over there just watching your mouth the
entire time my mouth Oh cuz I was
concentrating dude always I was trying
to give him a real haircut right in the
middle
oh my god
Oh oh you're getting it oh dude oh
you're killing it dude you've got it
take her down now at one point I was
naked you were all over it that's what
you did with all that free time Dale you
had the Clippers in your hand everything
even know that it's not that bad okay so
the Clippers just hate the lack of
skilled driving the wind blows the
Clippers the Clippers cut but it's tough
it's tough like that's that's not bad
give me five
that's impressive it even tried it I was
more concerned about your scalp than
your hair I was too literally doesn't
like that I thought that cut into my
head like so what do we learn here today
what do we learn here boys one I have a
bucket of safety glasses in the house we
should have just didn't think about it
anything
worried about getting there just
worrying about getting that haircut I
think I think too we come out with an an
app with styles of haircuts that you can
browse through you hit go we have the
drone configured with all them presets
you sit in the chair the drone does it
automatically Bambaataa cut auto cut I
love that love it
free care cuts for life
oh pretty good try so hope you guys are
having an awesome day we are you know
what I call John which is my barber he
cuts my hair all the time and I got you
scheduled for tonight which I'll take
you and you won't drive the GTR level
this we're just goofing off right now
we're hanging out Kane wanna drive to RC
come on you got to make it up that hill
dude hi mama what you cooking what'd you
do have yourself danke cedilha
looks so good yes I'm ready
thank you thank you thank you Oh pull up
the paper plates and let's feast I'm
gonna be honest with you I'm glad we
have them you ready for some fresh
poopoo moly you sure you don't wanna
poop Amole yeah I got you for it you're
all set in what are you doing why did I
actually believe there gonna be poop
back here though it's impossible and
bootable it's not stamping and not so
fun stuff is that comfy you know that's
a nice little pillow it looks just like
flash I I'm gonna attempt to do
something I'm not very good at and
that's run one of these cat six cords
through down to my basement all the way
into my bedroom where our router
currently is because we have so many
internet like in and outs like you'll
just be on the internet and then for 30
seconds you won't have internet so I'm
gonna try to bring it out of the closet
I got a new router it should be a lot
better than
well this thing's huge all right we're
feeding the cabe off feed in the cable I
got I got so much of this cable from
doing all the live streaming I have tons
of extra because when we were at the
racetrack we bought like six or seven
hundred feet of cable
we didn't even end up using it even end
up using it so now I got all this I got
tons I got a whole trunk full all right
so we've got all these cores is
definitely where it's coming down
through I'm just not good at this stuff
guys I'm really not like you need tools
you need like that fishing wire who's
down here you hook it you pull it and
I'll just so unqualified man all right
guys working past a little bit of time
of course I failed at installing that
actually did get the internet to work
but in the process I was drilling a hole
and I cut one of our main HDMI cables so
now one of our TVs that it's just a mess
I should never touch that kind of stuff
I'm checking Caleb to get his hair cut
or fixed there's some holes in the top
look down that's not bad but he could
have been yeah it could have been um
here's the thing I was going what you
drove the car I really was but you don't
realizes you had your license they don't
have oh no more so you can start the car
if you want I have to just press that
magical red button so we're off when you
read there cut John's hooking it up it
is almost 9:00 p.m. already at John's
gonna
check his head out see if you can fix
this man this is immediate surgery I've
seen oh my gosh
first off I'll ask you how do you think
this huh
if you I don't want to ask questions do
we dangled Clippers from a drone I still
got juice in mine did I think we're done
I think we're done dude this is what the
drone should have done it's a movie
Benjamin Button was the night the barber
set there would cut the kid's hair for
free down on Lana because their kids
were bad so you see their heads funny
thing is if you put a hat on right now
you'd never know no you should rock that
that's why they call me Slim Shady
dude I'm not gonna lie I think it looks
good I guess warp it out to Caleb home
in case anybody doesn't know caleb is
Brittany's cousin and I don't know if
I've ever actually told you guys that in
the vlog but he literally helps us out
with so many things he works at the
smile Moore store and he has been a huge
help to our family
so that is who Caleb is Kane calls him
Bubba's baba's that's his name bubbles
sometimes you let me say Bubba sometimes
you hear me say Caleb either way just
dropped him off and I am headed
hey Louis we'll see you is the
Internet's to organ with we got Internet
I didn't totally fail I didn't totally
fail Howard you how was VR no it
disappeared today over to Dale's house
playing VR all night how was it awesome
possum I like that sweater that's pretty
awesome
hey you fishing catching goldfish Oh
harder here's how I know you've been
playing VR your face look he has an
image of the oh my gosh you playing that
new winburn game my brother made a
gaming video on his channel with the VR
and he was like bull crawling around his
floor shooting standing out like it's
like if you want to hide behind a table
you have to physically duck behind it -
it's insane and it's insane brother look
at these guys totally missed the freak
out night no good night I just talked I
just it's a combat Carl what movie it's
driving him nuts yeah yeah
don't you hate when you know it but you
can't think of it there's so many people
watching right now it's like I know
exactly every everything I say is gonna
give it up immediately
yeah there's no way to hint this it's no
way to wait good night now II
noé but come on dude
now you dude I love you thumbs up the
street continues guys I'm so excited to
keep uploading every single day we've
been coming up with some pretty weird
crap to upload to but most of all
filming things that I want to look back
on and either laugh about or say jeez
that was stupid or like to see my kids
grow up man I can't really explain you
guys how cool it is to be like oh what
was two years ago just pull up a block
in two years ago I'm like look how much
has changed look how much Keene looks
different and just our lives and I
honestly feel like I have documented the
coolest part of my life like I started
vlogging and all of this stuff started
to happen a little bit we were still in
our tiny old house we were still like
and just we've grown a lot and it's cool
to capture that and look back on it so
lately I've been I keep telling myself
if you're trying to be a vlogger I want
you to think about this um try to film
what you want to remember and that's
something that I've been working on that
yesterday at the pumpkin patch and like
the things we were doing I just I want
to film all this cuz these are the
things I want to remember and even
though some of it not all of it some of
it may be more boring to you guys
because it's just me and my family
walking around a pumpkin patch but to me
that's what I want to watch later I want
to see my kids falling and having fun at
a pumpkin patch so thank you so much for
being here thank you for pushing us all
the way of that ten million line man we
are a climbing guys really really at a
fast rate and I know that's just because
of you I have none of this without you
and I am fully aware of it and I just
feel so blessed to have you guys man but
this week's livestream on live got me
will not happen Saturday I cannot do it
Saturday because that is my boy Noah's
birthday party and I'm super excited
about it I have something so incredibly
ridiculous for Saturday so livestream is
gonna be moved to Sunday and I gotta be
honest I'm trying to take Brittany to
one of them crazy like haunted house
insane asylum like
madness do don't want to take her and I
just want to live Serena like in me like
I'm a freak out too so my dog keeps
farting and he smells the whole house
like it's uh it's it's better
I'm tired guys I'm gonna wrap this vlog
up thank you for being here join us on
the live got me stuff this weekend
Sunday night it's gonna be a lot of fun
I love doing the live streams it's cool
it's just like I'm there with you guys
right there and live and it's just wrong
it's super wrong you are
absolutely beautiful you are
one-of-a-kind
you are incredible smile
you
