okay tell our baby girl how you're
feeling right now are you excited you
are four days let her go I would just
like to say to our future baby girl that
I am so excited to meet you it's driving
me nuts dude like it's so weird imagine
having something that you want so bad
right in front of you right there all
the time right there like it's it she's
right there oh dude it's rolling around
whoa it's like get me out so bad we have
this baby tonight cuz the weight is so
incredible it's like the longest thing
I've ever waited for my life it feels
like I feel like Brittany's been
pregnant forever this is one of our last
dinners before there's another one of us
sitting here
my goodness she's gonna make it ruin
young her official name is Cora Co are a
she's like I'll get it I can make it I
look at Korra ah what's in that bag lots
of good I'm gonna jump over
hey guys welcome to today's very very
special like the best day are not the
brownie this has nothing to do with the
brown he put the brownie down it's our
baby girl's first birthday Cora it's
your first birthday girl
here's the disclaimer on today two
disclaimers 1 2 a.m. last night I
watched Cora projectile vomit on to
Britney shoe I had to basically walk
them both straighten in the shower so
Kourt was sick all night you guys love
how many hours did you sleep last night
three total hours the poor girls so zone
now and it's her birthday for to give
you so much plan so much fun activities
and she just doesn't feel that good she
looks a lot better
hi baby Hey you'll see her give me five
give me five give me five give me five
oh so yeah not exactly I want I wanted I
wanted her to wake up today so excited
and pumped and just ready to play and
she kind of just wants to chill relax Oh
mate be exactly what we wanted hmm I
wonder what this is right here daelin
just brought this that's the best
wrapping I've ever seen hey do you want
to show everybody your party core hey
you want show everybody your party
mommy's gonna get you mommy's gonna get
you poor girl
you wanna go show everybody your party
poor girl since you don't feel good I
would be your personal escort service
all day I'll take you wherever you want
to go you just point you just pointing
the direction yeah let's do it
I guess the only second disclaimer I
have is that today will be she's not
gonna remember this ever so my goal is
for her to be able to watch this video
in the future and remember her first
birthday
even if she is sick
so we're just getting this place started
looking pretty fun what up guys
or one thing you gotta know babies we do
birthdays big we do they're special in
the day you were born that's huge right
look at this place like you're crazy
fast look at this big old bouncy castle
this crazy thing you run across mainly
for the bigger kids what's up dude
and so for a happy birthday happy early
birthday you already told her yeah
obviously most of this for the bigger
kids but others give me a lot it's like
a hundred people of our family here
today so so yeah major goal today is to
just film as much of course birthday as
possible whether it's raw even some of
it may be boring to you is really for us
today I truly is I wanna I wanna I gotta
watch this vlog hopefully in 30 years
whether both and just sit back and laugh
and enjoy it you know important draw
this happened on Kane's birthday
remember happened to give him medicine
on his birthday he won't go swim in you
want to swim in hey let's show her a
little fool we have catering coming
today like lots of food and there's
gonna be so many people here so we built
most of it for outside today one thing
that really really sting it's so hot and
sunny that's the although like all these
are so hot to touch the kids got on it
they're like oh it's too hot so yeah you
won't get in you won't get in here it's
my space fish fish and take your shoes
off yeah you're gonna do it hey say
happy birthday to future Cora do it send
it for Cora but you gotta go so fast you
don't feel the heat
oh dude that's gotta be hot let's go
gotta be so fast you don't feel the heat
it's like walking on fire go go go let's
not be too bad if you're laying on it
we're gonna swim and maybe break the
break the heat a little bit we going in
mama are you here we go nice and easy
for me get your feet she'll come around
come around once you get that cake out
she's gonna turn it up here she goes oh
no that's good no no she has no idea
that all of this is for her today making
the best of the hunger he'll make the
best of it yes she has no idea this is
all for her today every single person
here just for this little girl right
here man okay wait what do you mean well
so this is all the ones I mean that's
enough it's a lot of that's I mean it'll
definitely pick her up that's all you
need oh well maybe they blew out of the
truck she just gonna tie them around her
waist and this woman didn't last too
long she was into it for a moment and
then it was just like just I don't know
man I don't even know what like tada
entertain around us she just wants to
relax which is fine I guess it's her day
she can go sleep she got and it was like
a little shopping cart with like just
like the paper like boxes and she
started throwing something oh boy would
you get what is that you just start
cleaning the house already huh you got a
shopping cart and uh oh this one's the
jumper that's the race car grandpa call
his ears yeah walk is a pop that's what
my ears do she's cursed I mean I got
them I got the big ears but she got the
cute little popper so yeah
oh yeah girl give her a little push give
her a little push Wow okay yes what's
that little bit what is that burst a
squeegee you can wash the windows Oh No
do you like that baby she does like look
at that she knows what to do with it she
loves that one
it's the Swiffer okay all right well I
see where this is going pour what is all
this I know you didn't get some markups
you just do random stuff in here let's
go shopping because it has a whole thing
of boxes in it and she was like shaken
up furniture polish
well she set with a little Swiffer
broster man she loves that all right
let's go shopping let's go shopping
are you gonna shoot apartment over here
come here Cora come here just doing her
thing place she's up and like moving
around and this is your favorite drawer
in the whole house you don't put some
stuff in there there you go
I want that one in there are you going
well who brought the who got her that my
mom has it as a hit right there okay you
want to take them to the cake yeah you
ever I seen it yeah I saw it
nothing wrong with it everything's fine
I personally carried it to the fridge
okay we have a fridge on small more
stores the only one that we can make fit
her kids she has like this person I feel
like we should just show this when she
gets her cake doesn't matter it doesn't
matter yeah oh sure in my hair guys I
gotta get there there might be 1 million
sprinkles on that look at that and the
other side said happy birthday Cora I
didn't break it tasted don't touch it
don't touch the end cam so this is her
the box it's the nose she's with
cupcakes all her little cupcakes so this
is her personal-like is that what it's
called a smash cake it's like the Kapus
she gets to just she's never had
anything
like this so this will be our first time
having cake and she's not very happy
right now so we'll sail she that's well
sugar makes people go cuckoo big golden
one big golden unicorn
oh that's cool okay okay oh man I wish
it was one of those days where she's
just so alive and like going crazy and
happy and excited but even if she was
she doesn't know that this day's for her
she has no idea it's so weird so goofy
when we're little they figured we'd fun
flash over here he's not gonna eat it
he's not he's a good dog flash look at
him man he's just gardening sure nobody
takes too much everybody oh now you've
let him taste it oh he is the king of
getting food two hours later he'll go to
the next person and pretend you starving
you back that's what he does it's a game
what do we got here is this hot all
right we got shredded pork that's pork
pork shed and B oh my gosh chicken baked
beans oh there's the magic no cornbread
okay everybody everybody I think core
for this I think is that is this mine
yeah girl those are for you oh there we
go
I think she's alive enough I think she's
starting to realize maybe this is for me
I'm gonna try to yeah but I got a plate
right here thanks for the food Cora you
happy now
oh we bout to pard a hard day look at
those okay Kate but you smelled that
from a mile away
it's the nose it's supposed to be like
that so this is course cake first
birthday is that yours
oh I'm poor girl are you gonna give her
spoon oh just let her eat it no spoon
the spoon Saturdays she's not gonna make
it to the happy birthday like what do I
do with that
hi bye
take it off
classic birthday he tried it yeah I
think she just tasted it get it Cora get
it okay
it's happy birthday time because she's
so upset in the comments right now
before you watch the rest is she gonna
cry
she's not Noah Friday happy birthday to
you happy birthday to you happy
they get it fund a flash you GART you
garden the cave garden the cake how'd
you get out come on flush you're part of
the party to hear about it hear hear
hear hear all that chicken all that
chicken happy birthday
make sure you think cor okay from Chora
dude look at that cake RIT oh that's a
pound holy crap no what is this spring
how many sprinkle freeze frame and
Counting do the math oh that's more than
a thousand buddy you know when I was up
last night making this cake get Conrad
space
alright guys here's where we're at right
now we truck Cora she wanted nothing to
do with her cake I've never seen a kid
not want K each one of nothing to do
with this she broke down after we sang
happy birthday and she is now sleeping
she's out which is great because she
needs to sleep so bad Brittany and her I
believe slept like three hours last
night
they're both B so hopefully after this
nap so I get that really have some fun
she's got a bunch of presents from
everybody and I think just for now I'm
gonna go jump in the water it's loaded
with people this is the most people
we've ever had in the water at once it's
awesome it's like a little like camp
waterpark over here so I think I'm gonna
go play for a little bit and then wait
for Kourt awake oh and I hope you're
having a wonderful day so many swimmers
so awesome
since she's finally mom said it was all
fun and games till mommy got here get
his tongue whoa pores up ah slow start
she's trying to pray just like this
little inflatable playground kids just
got it all wet huh
squishy can bounce x-gene isn't gonna
fall Oh
or uh what is that now big mushroom hey
happy birthday Korra
happy birthday say hi say hi hello
oh the mommy blow hard it's the it's the
cliff jump it's the cliff jump send it
cane send it whoo told you were flying
bro I'm here to push all the kids off
the cliff oh nice
are you ready to go off the cliff do you
want to push me off the club yeah let's
do it
hey you gotta push me but you can't fall
off yourself push oh god you how could
you lies it's got ice on it he's hot
cool him off it's our wedding present my
dad brought us a gift she's doing some
shopping she wants a painting put it in
her so the only thing hanging in our
house is paintings that either my dad
painted or no one my dad painted and
this is a new one my dad yeah
that's amazing that's that actually is
yeah look at the feet reflection did
yourself on this one
beautiful of it did this is the actual
photo that I sent my dad of us in China
this is what he made it oh my gosh
it's so awesome thank what you got baby
are you eating a cookie yeah you had
your cake yet you have a match oh yeah
she's got appetite now she's a hot hot
flash I got cookie literally match the
theme in your not cookie
this is a tale nope nobody okay say bye
Cora
he's just guarding it make sure nobody
thinks you know wanna never again in our
life where we have to convince her to
eat a cookie you know so early you guys
played so hard today you know ironically
a crazy thought is a weird thing to
think about the weirdest thing to think
about was today was designed her core to
have the greatest day ever but everybody
had to Christopher pakora it's so sad
she's now she this is her best right now
she's finally Cora she has not been like
this at all today we could do presents
oh she was so sick today that we did no
presents she didn't want our cake so she
didn't know cake it doesn't even feel I
mean I'm serious a for cake for her
birthday on Monday good I think she's
finally playing bless her my shot flash
here my shot flash thank you buddy no
joke this is the first she's really
played today
happy birthday Cora
she's like a port mission okay guys the
the actual time that we've been hoping
for this entire day now that
everything's packed up now that the Sun
is going down Cora is herself so here's
what we're thinking it's - it's past
9:00 p.m. already it's too late for the
cake it's too late who are you supposed
to push it on a wheel sweetie hey I
think you're doing it that's yeah looks
like the right way duties she's up and
she's feeling good literally right now
so here's what we're thinking since it's
so late let's just continue her
birthdays actually Monday and
everybody's busy work and schedules for
Monday so we had our birthday party two
days early so that everybody could be
here so what we're thing is we're just
gonna extend this till tomorrow so that
she feels great opening her gifts and
her cake and I just want it to be
special
she's got a whole counter okay so so
we're gonna just tend to her for the
rest of the night she's like she's she's
I can see it in her she feels so much
better finally what a day oh my gosh I
can't explain it I can't explain it to
you guys how like it was tough it was
tough day for her just so bad for we
don't know so let's just continue her
birthday vlog till tomorrow
that way she feels great and we can we
can light her up a little bit yeah
I mean she deserves more than yeah let's
jump we're just gonna continue this
birthday vlog so we're gonna jump there
right now right right after Roma tries
um the Breathitt me you fit in that Cora
hey Cora Cora
say bye-bye what you shopping for what
you get what is that oh I'll see you in
five four three two one
there's my smiley girl you feel better
be ready to rock let's be 50 camera Oh
somebody feels a lot better
open the presents Oh use your balloons
did you do get him get him
there's your big balloons all your
balloons and look look at all these
presents these are all yours you want
open and your one baby you know get the
blood looking at you ready let's do it
again we're gonna pull it down ready set
go
get up bong bong bong bling bling bling
bling don't push them get the balloons
wha
hey we got all these new stuff you want
to open on alright Oh mommy let's open
some gifts
this girl's ready
I have the perfect present for you Oh
what is this one it doesn't really know
about presents yet what is that you
won't rip it open grab the paper grab
the paper
yeah is too funny
here let's open it grab this grab it
just like what yeah grab it here you go
there you go keep tearing it get all of
it here looks like a train conductor
what is that let's open it come on open
it
grab it there you go there you go so
awesome she's feeling better I almost
had a feeling as soon as that party was
gonna end she was gonna come a lot like
back to know there you go Rock Oh what
is this mr. elephant chair what is that
so there you go she's getting it now
she's getting it now wow that's cool sit
she's like absolutely
that is cool kora do you like it all she
is trying to rock it you like your chair
whoa another present what is it what is
that
what it what is it
no she loves her chair what is that
you're slouching grab the strange
chemistry now you just pull him wait
what
it's like whoa I don't think she
understands the concept oh there you go
yeah yeah go well try catch it she's
like I just want to sit in my chair she
loves the chair so the only thing that's
not going perfect right now is now cane
is all down beat up worn out sick
coughing sneezing hair looks crazy
what like crazy man having China
everybody to feel good on their feet
it's not going too well these last
couple of days but one goes up one comes
down so you get little man back up no if
we know it doesn't get it mommy and
daddy don't get it whoa put it in a
carpet maybe don't slide now I'll
project it what's in oh what is that
baby
cocaine cocaine come here you like your
baby rock your baby you want read it
again
no it's behind you it's me I know she's
your cupcake you Cora and just add sweet
on the inside as you are in the outlet
happy first birthday love gram gram
baby's clothes gonna read her cards you
know how safely figure how to get off
this chair suit this big butt see is
good chief blue do it she loves it here
open this guy you know we can probably
just rewrapping in Christmas wrapping
what chair is gonna win what chair is
gonna win check out my chair Noah check
it out dude it's fun it's fun fun fun
fun fun I I think that's the gift right
there who would have thought oh she's
like heck no you can't sit my chair
she's like yet off my chair yeah I'm my
chair maybe you share with mommy
chair one chair to which chair will it
be this one has soft lazy technology
this one's hard but learning hmm oh yeah
dance dance your furniture polish
Ghora see ya
what was that what is that are you gonna
tear that cake apart huh that's your
smash cake you haven't even touched it
since accidentally it's not a cake girl
it's not like mommy you got more cake on
you than she does give daddy a bite
pretty much no interest in the cakes
she's washed up and she loves her new
dirt bike though look at her
it set off literally as she fell that is
the birthday vlog if you're anything
like us we just can't believe that a
year has passed if you're watching this
the day I uploaded this video it is
whores actual first birthday it is her
first birthday which just I mean I
always talk about how fast time goes and
bla bla bla this is a real eye-opener
like time really does fly she's 1 we
feel like we were yesterday waiting
forever for her to be born now she's
just taken over the house
so we love you guys Korra future Korra
we love you so much and we will see you
soon thanks for watching guys supporting
and just hanging out with our family
today good love you beautiful
one-of-a-kind small one
you
