today is the day Papa Bear you ready to
race ready for a piece of this ready you
know what you you bought this just for
your ego in the end this was all about
you in the first place
nose watching your old man go down we
haven't even raced yet it is true it's
like a rotation of power you know like
where you D throne the king and you take
his seat that's what this could be I
don't know what he's saying and what
he's talking about but welcome to the
vlog we are sitting at pacemakers
there's a really cool drag strip we are
sitting in Mount Vernon Ohio to place
called pacemakers I didn't even know
this existed but it is like a private
drag strip it's unbelievable I can't
wait to do this look here it is it's
officially happening gt-r verse zero six
today now there is one thing we just
learned when we got to this track is
this is an eighth mile track this is not
a quarter mile no and that's gonna help
you again
that's like boo no I do have a plan
what's your plan I can't tell you so
what are we going to do to these tires
we're not going to tell Roman pressure
in the back of these to help you a
little bit awful long you don't have a
driver he's got and if we can we're
gonna try to get in and put his up to
about 60 tell him or I will tell you all
right cool
any other tricks like I said remember
that spinning ain't winning ball
spinning ain't winning that's right from
the master and you're good you're golden
if you can remember that alright I'll be
watching you the whole time that you
want to I got something to show you
though what is it look at these
championship apples I brought for my
toes are bowling balls dude you could
put holes on doesn't ball weathers I
believe what are you puttin that
I'm proud of these days I would be too
it's hard you know it's hard to tell
sighs on camera but I mean look at that
that's a big guy I wish you had a
regular Apple to hold beside it
here's regular yeah still all big no
they're all big man now you but you
screwed up there right now I know I
missed it I know it was yeah but you was
lucky because I didn't use some target
or language correct what's your name man
cliff cliff and you just told us he said
there's a there's a place at the end of
the track we can drive around get a
ticket and see how bad we did those are
the exact words right see how bad you
are what if I set a record today huh
what if I set a record today I can sweep
the track I get to sweep oh my gosh guys
look how awesome this is wow this is so
cool man I love this I love this trip
like this I can't believe I didn't bring
my RC my fast one sure I wonder if it
were to register at the time what is
this crap dude my dad's cheating right
now you can't cheat there's no cheating
what are you doing what are you doing oh
nothing we're just sightseeing just
fight see what will you did you hire a
coach no I just ran here busted dude you
know he's been a little helpful and it's
just gonna shame the tree line down
there the tree line
maybe get lunch all right well you got
you're gonna need it you better pay
attention pay close attention there goes
my dad's brand-new tires
I can't wait to see my dad try that guy
yeah we may need to go get my dad some
adult diapers guys
anybody bring adult diapers how was that
what were you doing dude two times they
were out of burgers we're going back how
was that you think you're getting it
because now you gotta do it by yourself
no no help me help Orton in the car
he's gonna do it even better he's got
all the skills look my dad's in here
with a coach dude
all I can tell you when you see that
green you go go yeah that's right let's
go guys wonder what that delay was all
right guys so we are currently
live-streaming right here we've got a
hundred thousand of you on here right
now big thumbs up to everybody
supporting the live streams we're always
late we've been delayed getting the
stream to work but the cars are almost
ready this guy's helping us wash them
which whoo that looks amazing and the
GTR is finally getting cleaned by a pro
I just want to get out on that truck
show my dad who's boss like I want to
show my dad who's boss guys I really
really do they know all right enough is
enough enough enough dude you don't get
no handicap today hey little buddy I
think it's your turn to take a ride
he'll do a little instruction down that
track okay let's do it
you ready yeah all right man what's your
name rods Allman this is rod and you are
the owner of this place
I'm operator Pacemakers Bagley parks
been racing for quite a while my kids
race my dad race so it's in the blood
dude thank you so much for having us
like this is a huge huge help
I think I'm gonna have some fun we are
gonna have some fun to give you dad a
couple more tips I bet you did look I
slipped you a Tony or something 20 it's
what it there's more
he's slipping more he said he saved a
bunch on that car
ease up here to the line okay I want to
get it into the pre-staged beams like we
just stood there when those two locates
at the top lights light up when you're a
pre-staged when you're a pre-staged then
you got to go about 6 7 more inches to
turn on the stage that's actually the
starting line okay we're ready to race
lights light up and then the trees gonna
come down comes down whoa
yeah I am so excited
you have no idea this is amazing hi pop
so after your your little lesson how're
you feeling
feel hot you feel ready yeah you're
ready to go dude he tuned me up
he'll to to me up actually I I think I
got a chance now okay I mean a serious
chance it may just turn 5050 my 4060 has
just right it's about that time we're
gonna go chief crazy hawk over here
stoled all these bald eagle feathers his
wisdom has just set me on top again okay
yeah not only that he gave me some real
good secrets on how to get rid of them
pesky groundhogs under my house told you
we were gonna have dragsters here today
here is one of them and is absolutely
beautiful like just amazing like what is
like something like this even like how
do you even begin to build this I talked
to a guy down there so it took a year to
build his did you build this yourself I
was a factory built car but I do all the
assembly on it myself well it's
beautiful man is yours yes whoo all
right dad you ready takes us down let's
do a little test run they got the track
ready our cars already they look
beautiful and clean all right guys here
we go we're about to do our first run on
the strip I imagine it's more of a
practice run it's not gonna be too
official because we both have no idea
what we're honestly doing so the GoPros
are set we're ready to hit record and
we're gonna go out and just do our thing
and have some fun
ah this is so awesome it feels so cool
to be pulling onto a drag strip with my
dad man this is so awesome he's getting
a little help over there my dad's car
has a lot of different modes so he's
trying to figure out what the best mode
is to be and obviously I think sport or
super sport or drag man you get nervous
Romi
I wasn't either as a little scary of
swerving out there man I got and by the
time I saw the yellow light it was
already green and I wasn't supposed to
do that I was supposed to have my foot
on that gas at the green oh my gosh the
light turned green me and my dad are
just sitting there not even paying any
attention I just took off
that was funny I already know I already
know it's bad I didn't see the light
turn green so your reaction time here
the perfect reaction time would be a
five point zero zero on that side so he
left like two seconds late and you
thought he left before me no I think I
was number one yeah he left before me so
here it is so I left the light turn
green I didn't leave for two seconds
okay all right we'll get better we'll
get better
dude look at this guy oh my god
dude watch this
4.7 seconds dude all right me my dad
need a practice run here we go round two
my dad's a pro now check them out check
here we go
oh my gosh
where is he where are you dead
I think something happened and I think
he read it which means he went before
the the treats are in green which I
thought I did too but mine was green
obviously he messed up and I actually
feel like I did okay that time so it's
not really I don't think that one counts
like we both need to actually do good
die do better
one of the biggest issues is getting my
dad's rear tires to hook because the car
has so much power and when you just go
it doesn't hook like this car is all
wheel drive so I've such a massive
advantage on takeoff where I think he
would get me in the long run if we had
more strip it's a small it's a small I
caught one in here too
roving at seven point one nine nine Kurt
at seven point seven four seven almost
the identical speed at 99 miles an hour
we are getting better and that's good
because we actually just did our first
drag race we officially both didn't foul
we made it down the strip and believe it
or not when I looked in my mirror I
didn't see him because he was beside me
so that was really really close I'm
excited to see the times yeah oh he got
a good good off his light okay so in the
eighth I did seven point one nine
seconds and he did seven point seven
seconds yeah so he was seven points um
four seconds near is seven point one
nine nine okay we're getting closer
together
are you kidding me I can get so addicted
to this now I know why these guys spend
their life in their garage building
their cars because just to go down that
track is like everything like it's gonna
be so boring driving home dude close
them number that word is really close I
feel like in I feel like in a quarter I
would you'd start to just I don't know
I'd have no idea maybe that's the next
race I don't know but that was uh that
was good that's the first time my timing
everything yeah I heard it's the first
time I watched the tree proper your
launch was up didn't help me and that's
bad cuz you spend - I lost a lot of Bob
that's the first time my all for my
wheels loss like I spun a little bit on
four wheels I don't know how you're
hooking at all I'm fighting yeah just
give it everything cuz I'm like going me
his tires are so fat
literally almost to my elbow thick 99.7
for mile-an-hour that close to a hundred
yeah you were 99.5 3 oh you're the left
you're right far2
well that's you it's still the same
thing 99 point we hit the same speed
pins and needles there man
all right let's do this the bottom line
is at the eighth mile the gt-r is just
too quick off the line it's off the line
that's everything because you only have
an eighth mile to get there I think it's
the only thing separating these cars is
the take off that's it which is what
makes the GTR so special it has the
ability to just launch becomes my pops I
want to try to position this to see him
but I can't
the change is what's necessary here we
go okay I changed a few things all right
last one
oh man the GTRs fast off that linemen
good I don't really think I sketching
you much if I sketching you at all I
don't know top speed top speed dude look
at this lineup man oh my gosh
 and a checkbook this this is gonna
be ridiculous guys I'm sure everyone at
this track right now is like what is
this dork doing in his GTR right now
look at that beast
he's got it
top speed roaming at 98 dragster at 144
my face hurts from smiling so much dude
I just raced the dragster I hit the
finish line at 98 miles per hour
he hit the finish line at a hundred and
forty-four miles per hour and he let me
go a couple seconds ahead like he
totally just toyed with me in that
dragster man I would have done the same
thing like I could feel you coming like
my car was shaking I knew you were just
gonna blaze follow me it was awesome
thanks for having fun man your car your
car is absolutely beautiful amazing and
it's been super fun had so much vitia
but I'm not so I'm not upset it was
super fun now it was fun act was crazy
I be safe love ya that is that I had an
absolutely blast we actually ran out of
time which kind of sucked we started
live-streaming too late push us back a
little bit but the dragster is I thought
were there for us to race and I'm not
sure if they were gonna ever let us but
I'm glad that me getting into racing
which we definitely need experience in
that grab the dudes driver and we're
like
I think me and my dad would have like
there's no way I don't even know how to
take off the line so I'm glad it worked
the way it worked super fun days you
ever get sounded it was in crowded ain't
you for filming everything Jeff film so
much for us cuz I just couldn't film it
the vlog should be a lot of fun
 and I wish I had a drone guy there
if I had a drone guy there imagine like
chasing us down the track
all right I'm back homes miss me boy huh
you just wanna play ball bet huh what up
I guess it won't be a kid at for you
what's up let me help y'all would you do
I know I see all this cardboard cane huh
buddy
he's like I'm playing games I'm busy dad
but you you got me a chair I saw the box
but I can't wait you built this yeah
you're right
it really explores her car airbag on my
workstation
thank you so so much for that Seuss I
love you did he waits all day for this
right here what up guys I did win I know
it's kind of hard to see on the stream
huh the vlog is gonna be cool I hope we
playing Star Wars what's up dudes
look at you guys buried in games allowed
to play games so they're all three
playing differently super fun day such a
fun day guys I hope you really really
enjoyed this I know for me it was about
getting out with my dad we this isn't
over this is not over honey it's not
over it can't be over because it wasn't
a quarter-mile track I know that doesn't
make sense to you but my dad needs a
quarter mile track I
think it'll be more fair you guys know
the GTR on the eighth mile just you
can't you can't hook my dad can't hook
is back wheels my car it goes so guys it
is still a little early here it's about
7:00 p.m. and I'm going to end this vlog
I want some time with Brittany and Cain
off camera maybe even watch a movie and
not just that and not even just that
it's a bigger vlog for me to edit
because I think there was like seven
total cameras so I kind of gotta play
with it and it's not as quick as my
normal blog so I'm gonna add it hang out
with the fam and just start fresh
tomorrow I freaking love you guys thank
you for watching these vlogs were on the
road to 10 million baby we're almost
there please share a vlog share this
vlog share your favorite vlog anything
you can do helps so much out we will see
it tomorrow we're on 20 I think this is
23 vlogs in a row feels good man it
feels good to be putting up content for
you guys every day we'd love you it
we'll see you tomorrow
tell me if you think we should do the
quarter mile race cuz I think it needs
to happen to be fair it needs to be a
quarter mile love you guys you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more
you
