you ready let's do it I can't find it
there we go let's do this boy
boom get out of the way flash I cannot
shut the door you see the crazy dog
welcome to the vlog guys welcoming is a
beautiful day feeling good got my boy
which makes me feel better
figured today while Brittany is getting
all worked on a swamp or store you guys
know we're up to like twelve full-time
employees at the swamp we're not he's
gotten absolutely insane thank you guys
for all the support on that but while
she is working today I figured I would
take kami my boy to go get our hair cut
I told Kane I will get whatever he gets
so if he wants lightning bolts in his
hair
I'll get lightning bolts he wants
flashes but shaving the side of his head
I'm not doing that one sir boy am I
gonna come back wow it looks like I've
been winning looks like I demanded okay
let's get today's vlog started we are on
a streak baby I think it's like 17
uploads on a row I know it's not crazy
but to me I'm happy about it I feel good
about it I'm like back on track that's
basically how I feel so let's go let's
put a smile on our face and enjoy our
day ready to do this I think we've made
our decision on our haircut I'm excited
are you excited dude it is good to see
you man the last time I had hair that
was on tour oh my god you know I've seen
that haircut
got on tour dude his crazy they're
talking about tapers and all these crazy
terms and words I never heard of that I
still want to take some eyebrows off of
somebody yeah well it's not over all
right my little man wants a mohawk and
we have decided on matching smiley faces
on the side can we do that what's the
big smile on the side you want on this
side yeah yeah I get my boy back it's
looking so awesome I love it the
haircuts I got a smiley face Kane got a
smiley face and I promised him last
night oh let me see let me see
whoo I promised Kane last night if he
would go get his hair cut with me then
he could get ice cream how is it good so
we did it and I always tell Kane that I
will get whatever he gets in his hair if
he wants lightning both I'll get
lightening bolts if he wants a smiley
face I'll get a smiley face I think it's
fun and it encourages came to get his
hair cut and I like it
hey guys what's up dude
hey you know we're home like his haircut
first oh yeah
sit good boy that's a good boy you're
home Britney is in the shower she got
all her work done Kane wants to try this
crazy out dude it's really big I know
it's it's it's me it's made for like me
and mommy Oh what the hell I'll try it
all right let's do it
what are you guys doing alright dude I
think it's gonna work it's awesome don't
kill the hostage flash your legs looks
funny hey mom
come on out we have our own zoo now it's
a bird so fun I think Kane and I just
came up with the greatest idea ever
come on bring you a little birdie out
are you hungry
it looks so ridiculous alright little
birdie let's do it oh my gosh
it looks like your legs all the way up
here it really looks like your foots up
here dude should I do it mm-hmm okay I
am so glad not alone we came up with
that idea but you did that I can't wait
to watch that in the future that was so
funny
do you think you should have seen Kane
oh my gosh she just wrote his dirtbike
yeah I think I should hit these ramps
with it on what you think game so funny
when asteroids kneel down he's nice
enough to let me sit on him while I fix
my bike funny huh that looks pretty
ridiculous what guys there's an ostrich
riding a bike I think you went a little
flat baby two ways didn't get any air
again he blows up as soon as I stop as
soon as I start riding all the air goes
out and he's good it just looks like
this it looks funny no matter what you
try to get me you know dear boy it's
such a good day with you man huh see you
may have noticed a lot of today we kind
of skipped through we have mom I had so
many things that I have finalized on
today I'm going to share something with
you that's really cool this Saturday we
have finalized and approved our dragster
we have our own drag strip for me and my
dad you guys know I've been hyping up
Corvette verse GTR it is happening this
Saturday I'll share all the details with
you throughout the week but I just
wanted to let you know it is happening
and I'm so excited about it and we have
something super special and I'll let you
know if this falls through but I think
we have two full-sized dragsters that we
are going to drag race after we race our
GTR and the Corvette so basically this
weekend's going to be amazing and it
took a lot of time to get it all
completed and finalized and it actually
has been done and we've been planning it
but today was like the final you're in
everything's good get the word out guys
the drag race is happening it is this
Saturday I think around 11 a.m. Eastern
time so I will keep you posted all week
on this I'll be tweeting about it I'll
be posting about it but just know that
it's happening I'm so excited about it
and that is where a lot of my day went
today but it was worth it I think it was
definitely worth it do you ordered this
thinking it was big enough to put in the
driveway what what part did you think
was so big I can't do it laughter I
can't like it makes me it tickles so bad
smell bad all right well that's crazy
like clown stuff you have to have seen
it right that's like one marbles
well scary I don't know if they're all
scared but they're just clowns
everywhere yeah I don't I don't really
get or understand I know it's hot like
it's October so there's like but I think
they were doing it before October's just
like people start dressing as clowns and
I know I think it's harmless they're
just dressing like clowns now other
people are imitating clowns right minds
like a super happy fun if you guys
watched it was at the Shorty Awards yeah
okay I won like a comedian award
I walked up on stage as a clown it's
like a happy clown but I bet it still
looks scary
yeah I'm sure okay here's what I'm gonna
do here's what I'm gonna do you know
what's even scarier security cameras
right when you see a security camera it
looks scary right so here's what I want
to do I'm gonna put the clown costume on
all right and you're gonna film one of
our security cameras and I'm just gonna
walk to the camera turn all the lights
on like you can't look hey guys this one
too oh no I like the one you're in wait
which one you like yeah the hair is so
terrible you better get some better hair
or like take a brush yellow seals the
deal this is literally like what are you
doing dude no see you make everything
look better you should put a clown suit
on all I'm gonna do is walk outside you
film the screen and then you tell me how
mad would you have been if I pulled a
prank like if this was a prank on you
all right okay let me see it and then
I'll let you know new francs anymore
guys hey can you wear the UH red hair to
bed
oh my gosh yeah scariest thing I've ever
seen in my entire life
oh my god you really freaking dick is
awesome
like the river here's the point of this
whole thing had I done that as a prank
it would have been dude you got shot in
the face girlfriend kills roman atwood
and prank gone wrong in the hood that's
so scary no but you guys saw our
flamethrower vlog where we talked about
whether a zombie apocalypse is scarier
than a clown apocalypse and I think
everybody agreed that the clown
apocalypse would be $10 more scarier
than zombies I don't know what is people
freaking out over to clowns like legit
and we went to the Halloween store
yesterday in the hole like there was
more clowns than anything else so I
think they there's a big clown push
right now like something's going on if
you made it this far enough along guys
I'm excited to tell you that we are
packing up and we are headed out for a
big collab all week gonna be fun
exciting vlogs I know I've been making
just home vlogs and what we do which is
great but we're gonna turn it up a notch
and hit it hard
all week with some crazy stuff so get
ready I love you thanks for being here
we are gonna pack our stuff get ready to
head out and tell me in today's comment
zombies or clowns you tell me which one
you would be more scared of zombies or
clowns because that's the two big like
popular things right now we love you
guys you are beautiful you're one of a
kind and don't forget when you're down
stare to clown smile
she's still on the point to do you gotta
go you gotta do know you you got
experience at first
