I know wait on you dude waiting on you
let's go you're ready to go e-class is
ready to get off my couch you ready
everybody's riding together every
buddy's riding together my driving are
you driving
I brought the tribe so I'm driving all
right I'm good I can drive oh no I have
been drinking today water ha ha I love
you buddy
I'll be right back bye bye
I'll be back okay love ya we have just
jumped out of our house weird one ever
since last week or so I put the HTC the
VR headset in the blog these guys have
been freaking out no are you excited he
has been like literally since last night
he's at 3 o'clock yet is it 3 o'clock it
is it cuz we're gonna leave at 3 o'clock
Dale actually got off work a little
early today which is amazing I told the
boss I said Roman needs me I'm going and
I just walked out you are the boss I've
walked out Dale is the ball I walked out
oh look at yourself in the mirror and
you're like I gotta go I am gonna show
these guys the VR I know that's not
credibly exciting for you guys because
it's way fun when you have it on but
that's what we're doing right now and
it's beautiful look at this nothing but
raining taillights guys ready to have
some fun makes you so happy the future
is gonna be awesome the best hey kids
these are these are gonna be your test
subjects definitely not good to have any
kids reach right there is this stuff
glued together all you guys are in
heaven you guys are in heaven right go
to your right this way just a little bit
give it a hurry down
but you got it I guarantee you got it to
our trainers place and he has I mean
just the coolest stuff this is like
every console ever made a lot of you
guys probably won't even know what some
of these are the Sega Master System I'm
not gonna lie I don't even know what
that is see that
I remember Sega Saturn Dale and I played
Tomb Raider and was that fighting a
Virtua Fighter the Dragonfly Crazy Taxi
I remember that game this really tests
our age here guys what's the Neo Geo you
guys remember that one regular
PlayStation Panasonic real I don't
remember that here's the real bad boy
right there man so much time spent on
such a simple system you know games in
here this is so good there it is right
there probably the most blown and I
multiplayer with so via the facility
level these are like become collectors
items now guys like just the empty boxes
cost a lot of money you get like 40 50
bucks out of an empty box sit down dude
this is all dentist equipment I'm gonna
take take one of them teeth out which
one you want which one you don't want
just in case you hate going to the
dentist nowadays imagine going to the
dentist back in the day this looks so
scary all of this stuff imagine this is
where you work like how do you get any
work done here you can there's too many
toys there's too many fun things there
was a part of me that was like can I
bring the kids here now that I have two
kids you I realized it'd set up for kids
it's just a big playground you going in
buddy does that fit I'll see you on the
other side
so this is what Noah's looking at right
now you never done this before he's so
excited what you doing do what you what
you doing what do you think so far
oh I got a new game you got to wear the
headset and I get to push you from
behind that's the new game cuz you're
you're literally you're really on the
edge of a real cliff guys like for real
look his feet are like their this is
insane guys guys good did you have fun
yes you did turn that frown upside down
they're mad about leaving they didn't
want to leave nobody wanted to leave
what did you think dude is that the
future or what days after summer I was
like where's he going with this you just
want to look around box on the show
probably not if you guys are in is that
what you want to do I was holding my
iPod trying to like hold the little
thing to pick it up say goodbye to the
beautiful city
goodbye city
all right boys pay attention pay
attention there's cars there's traffic
there's police it has almost rained a
solid day completely all day well yeah
to Ohio Ohio Ohio wait this is the flat
like the silver in the cameras different
all right guys you can't you can't get
the VR headset but you can get a new
refrigerator survive Zeus it's me you
scared me but I didn't get it on film
Kane I got the solution to all our
problems guys I've almost switched my
house to an Xbox only house because of
their daggone controllers ps4 cages
they're always dead our controllers are
always dead so Kane look what I got us a
charging station open it open it did you
really miss me battered he's easy easy
easy easy
oh my god sit sit good boy good boy
hi Suze I see you too so once again guys
here we are following day current day
how are you hope you're great we are um
last night we notice soos was licking
his leg like he wouldn't stop licking
his foot hang on let me show them this
is nasty so Zeus Scott it looks like
just a collar scrape right yeah get that
no juice were putting you under surgery
okay
you're going under surgery doesn't seem
to mind too much but last night he was
definitely feeling it and uh we've had
it wrapped and we've kept like basically
like a neosporin or some type of like
healing aid on it that's a good boy good
boy
these country dogs man they play hard
Zeus almost call him Kane cuz he's crazy
he's like you crazy Kane scissors where
did scissors come here Zeus I need you
home with big dogs like they don't care
like Zeus has been injured before he
just doesn't stop buddy how are you
that's a good boy we're gonna get you
fixed you got three days of rest no work
we're gonna give you a doctor's excuse
no more working Zeus I think he's gonna
be all right buddy poor doggie you're
all right tough guy get it muscle man
Randy Savage
come on Limpy come on Webster guys I am
going to wrap up once again another
short vlog for you I'm gonna be honest
the more I'm on track with uploading
every day I don't know if this is 13
months thirteen twelve the more that I
do that the less content I am having so
when I take off a day or something like
I want to ask you a serious question
right now this is me being very serious
when I usually take off a day a week I
usually use that day to prepare my next
six days of like what are we gonna do
like
yes we're gonna vlog normally but we're
gonna add something that spices up the
vlog so not saying I can't do that
uploading every day my goal is to upload
every day plus spice it up but I have
noticed right now that my content isn't
very exciting but I am uploading every
day would you rather me take a little
time to make the vlogs funner and more
spicy or do you not care and you just
want me to upload every day because my
goal is regardless its upload every day
I mean that is my ultimate goal but
sometimes I need a day to just like make
them better like what can we do tomorrow
that's gonna enhance them make them fun
make them I'm gonna make them great you
know a little bit of family a little bit
of fun a little bit of excitement you
guys know who I am and how I work you
know I don't have to explain it but it
is a question do you guys even mind
should probably ask this to the
beginning of the vlog because a lot of
people that watch only the first half
may have a different opinion than you
watching right now because I know you're
here no matter what and you're gonna be
like just upload just not love how you
feelin buddy huh I think you're gonna be
all right you're gonna live look at my
yard plane throwing napalm action we
love you guys we gotta go we'll see you
tomorrow we love you so much thank you
for watching thank you for everything we
will see you tomorrow you're beautiful
you're one of a kind smile more
we will now attempt the impossible the
perfect couples photo are you ready are
you ready for this challenge that's it
the duck flip your on dark I don't know
about that
all caught on camera
