welcome to the floor guys today is the
demo I mean we've been doing this a
couple times but today's a day today's
the day we promise to get the flames
around burn some stuff
light some stuff up have some fun do the
live stream all today I got to get a
bunch of gas I guess to start we just
need to fill a bunch of these hope
you're having such a good day man we got
such a beautiful day every time I do a
live stream I'm a little worried because
maybe it's gonna rain outside then I
can't even do the live stream so it's
always it's it's good to have sunshine
man you know why we enjoy the Sun
because of the rain just like we take
good days for granted if we never had a
bad day bad days are what make good days
so special let's do this I don't even
really know what I'm doing today like I
had all this time to prep it and I tried
to get all these cool things a lot of
things fell through my manager said
they're illegal so we're gonna make the
best we're gonna still make this a lot
of fun and we got a couple experiments
that should be cool and let's just roll
let's go let's let's do this this looks
like an appropriate place to start
it is almost Halloween already guys this
year is burning up so fast I hope you're
using your time wisely I figure maybe we
can find some like zombies scarecrow
something cool to roast is it bad that
I'm coming in here just to burn things
these are great look at this it's like a
life-size clown yeah she's thinking like
some life-size some life guys Halloween
is changing man what is this why why is
there a zombie baby sucking a human hand
yo what is going on with these babies no
I can only assume that he stole this off
a human right
you oughta match imagine this guy on
fire like this is terrible
read a bunch of your comments you guys
to do helium balloons like apparently
those will combust are there big
explosions what about this clown holding
the balloons out in my yard that's
pretty creepy it's a big dude thank you
to those guys hooked us up with those
two
we got a clown and a zombie you guys
seen it's gonna be so ridiculous the
craziest part is that flamethrower we
last like a minute
like you fill it up takes a little while
to fill up because the nozzle is so
small and it lasts like a minute so it's
you know it is what it is getting some
helium in balloons I think we should
like dress the clown up did you like a
party hat needs a party huh we all need
party hat kazoo kazoo do you know what
we're using this for just that's what
we're gonna suck the healing we're gonna
actually blow up balloons completely
opposite of both of those things we have
a flamethrower and we're gonna shoot the
balloons doesn't know where you're doing
danger caution warning choking has it's
got it all this contains gas under
pressure may explode if heated we're
gonna heat it alright let's try this
again man I'm not gonna make a mess this
time I promise I got this I got this
somebody bigger well there's no fast way
to do this man like the nozzle doesn't
fit in the jug this hole is too small
for this you have to drizzle it in if
you go too fast this fills up
so you have to you just have to be so
patient and wait patience my friend
patience dude you got the ground all wet
you're covered you're soaked in diesel
dude
well it's kind of good I can't make do
when I can't read this week I did the
same exact thing my sleeve is reserved
somebody's gotta be able to answer why
it's gas can why does it nozzle fitnah
gas can not a diesel can it's still
mystery to me I never understood it try
to just answer my own question I feel
like such an idiot these diesel pumps
over here have smaller nozzles those
apparently over there are for semi
trucks which have bigger holes I feel so
dumb but I learned something today I
never have to do that again alright we
got tons in tons of fuel hood yes time
is ticking guys we're getting close we
are I'm gonna pick up my little man my
boy Noah and if we're gonna do this
we're going home we're setting up all
the props we're going to light up the
sky I'm excited man I'm nervous too
because I don't I don't know what's
expected specially since I'm trying to
do it live on my livestream so it's like
how entertaining is it gonna be live
versus you know vlog where I have a
chance to cut it make it more exciting
make it more fun when I'm live it's like
it's just growing uncut so there's dead
spots there's especially since you're
used to my vlogs I cut quicker than I
wouldn't like why there's no cutting so
it's just raw so it's always interesting
it's always fun it's it's experimental
it's you know just trying new stuff I
like it too I like it I
no time for these Hollywood people I'd
rather give time to my fans you rather
chill with these women and like you for
money but I'd rather chill with my fam
we gotta run him over you better move it
y'all ready to see some fire big y'all
what's up baby
you're growing out how'd you know we
were cooking you said their mistakes
this is not what I thought we're slaying
vampires here uh what'd you think pretty
cool if you don't like him that's good
because we're gonna torch him
you don't like him Oh any moves around
Kane he moves around like he shakes his
body my brother already came and hooked
up the routers and everything we need
out here in the yard this is probably
where we should do it like right here
I'll just tear down everything I've done
great
maybe we torch the router at the end
yeah it kills the feed torch the whole
thing oh my god oh it is so a heavy
little man you want to try to pick it up
come here I never see nothing more you
about to we were all sick everybody's
been sick this week are you ready to
shoot this thing today are you yeah it's
up to them it's up to you guys she gave
you a deal or setting out we got tons of
cool stuff that dude is creepy
that's enough that looks like my prom
date though I mean I haven't seen her in
years she looks better than before she's
taller dude I mean you've done well
Bernice of course you boys are going
inside tonight I'm sorry you got to go
you got to look at them they're like I'm
ready though I'm ready oh I'll just lay
your and watch I'll just leave your
watch boss you are so dirty flash what
are you doing now it actually does look
like your prom dude right yeah Bernice's
dad came along
that clever agree who agrees zombie
versus clown I would take a zombie
apocalypse over a clown Epoque likes any
day yeah how come there's not clown
epochal is like well there was that
movie killer clowns from outer space
couldn't watch it as a kid they killed
people turned them into cotton candy and
suck their blood
oh my as a kid I was like why do they
need to be cotton candy they have more
no it's not the last one but we got a we
got a pervert over here looks like a
birthday party man fly whoo so we really
only have enough to do this about three
times I got one two three those are
savory one per year long as I get a
pizza I don't care dude I think I just
came up with an idea a flamethrower
verse GoPro like just hit it like it'll
be fine
it will be fine but it'll look cool
that's fireproof play and then you can
hold it right you just mount as long as
you have plastic goggles for my eyes I'm
fine
your glasses are fun there's a glass
right better than plastic buh buh buh
fulfill the rub
maybe um everyone range is going hot
we're going hot wait that means dogs are
going oh yeah did she go going baby he
ain't gonna leave he ain't gonna leave
me that's loyalty
all right how are we doing Noah we still
streaming okay we are live streaming and
vlogging at the same time this is where
it gets tricky for me because I can't
always remember which one that I'm
talking to hanging out with flame cam I
love it all right we were fully ready to
go Dale had the idea to light our little
bonfire pit to kind of one things up out
here it's a little chilly so yeah yeah
down if you're down down with the clown
Sharon you don't want to do it no you're
really not gonna shoot it you have to
the world is great
yeah but still deals are meant to be
broken there we go
this black hammer just goes black I know
it's so bright what are you guys doing
in here sounds like a party to me so
we're at 700,000 viewers right now
shoot it that's not eight just kidding
really at 200 the other night I was
live-streaming and one of you guys gave
me this idea I think your name was Brian
Sorel Sorrell I hope I hope that's it
Brian
you came up with an idea to fill a trash
can full of popcorn right oh yeah a
popcorn dude is what the whole store so
the idea here is just raw popcorn
kernels that we were gonna try to heat
the can up I think that's too deep
though is the problem right or we need
to raise this off the ground I don't
think it's a problem at all yeah just
nuke it up yeah I think we are gonna
pick it up off the ground but I don't
think it's an issue I think just pop now
we're gonna empty it all into the yeah
close this is a big fail t-mister oh
he's hurt he's hurt
dude I think you went through his fate
yeah real definitely went through his
face dude he should be dead
he should be buddy he's a zombie you
can't kill him in the head though not
but now you guys got a stand come on
Zeus come on these dogs just want to
hang out with us so bad what is that hey
you know we are now gonna attempt to
fill a dumpster trashcan aluminum trash
can with popcorn kernels light the can
with the flamethrower and see if popcorn
will actually pop out of the can I have
no idea if it'll work it probably takes
an extreme amount of heat to get through
that can but we got all this popcorn
we've got an aluminum trash can which is
just I think this is it man I'm also
gonna plant some so next season you'll
be able to harvest your own pot that's
real nice dude chucking so this guy's
this will be 80 pounds these are each
two pounds each 80 pounds of popcorn in
this trash can I cannot wait to see if
this works
ready we're gonna fill it with some oil
cholesterol free to buy the world thank
goodness
watching my figure watching to get
bigger corny showers no I definitely
want to eat it yeah all right look out
let's do it oh it's so heavy
he was knocking it over though honestly
I think I think we're gonna make some
popcorn I hope so we're gonna make some
pop I really want to see some pop
tonight
I wanted to be like popping the lid off
yeah yeah yeah we're gonna attempt to
make popcorn hey John come this way cuz
the winds going that way there we go
popcorn 2.0
dang
I think I hear it popping
to the left a little Roman this way just
a hair
the clapping is poppin
you can hear it
it's working
oh it's on fire we've made popcorn and
now it's burning look at that can its
glowing red touch it nobody get close to
it did we have a stick or something oh
no or popcorn well that can is glowing
red light here on my phone ah alright so
I think the oil is actually gonna boil
down and start to make popcorn we need
more heat yeah it started maybe get some
firewood oh it smells so good look you
can see kernels popping right there on
top we need more heat no there's one
right now there's more than one they're
popping right now we need another refill
I could not physically hold the
flamethrower another second my face
I'm pretty sure all the hair on my face
is gone you look great it's so hot you
should hit no hair to begin with Dale
wants to attempt to continue cooking
popcorn he already started a fire over
here we're gonna attempt to just set
that right on top I mean we've gone so
far and the fact that there's 80 pounds
of popcorn sitting in there on top yeah
you can't sit well with me you're wasted
no we're gonna eat we eating tonight
boys oh man it's almost meant to be it's
meant to be okay
I love it you know you might need a
little more air in there like it's hot
pop it like it's hot oh that light looks
good keep that light on yeah I like that
I can't we actually did pop some you
guys see it in there smells like it's
burning though I know much not enough
we'll
time to take other trash this is during
the attempt to roast the popcorn
originally my yard is gone I mean gone
it is ghost time I'm gonna let John take
out these two ghosts I think we should
John I think you should come over here
can't believe you ever shot this thing I
don't wanna know you don't know is ready
not to you twelve son it's from Willy
Wonka the original Willy Wonka it locks
the flame on so right here silver button
in you look like a beach now push and
hold the silver button up here and
that'll lock it to finger operation so
we are live-streaming this whole thing
hold what okay so push the when you push
the red in uh-huh and you'll hold this
down and let go okay yeah is this camera
its setup good cuz I did hit it IMAX I
don't know you're rolling I think
there's a lot switch what do you now you
want to do it you should take off the
clown you should take out the clown
seriously you don't you have to put it
on your back you can set it down just
pull the trigger you'll do it she's
gonna do it no no don't hurt him he's my
friend
going off and scaring everybody all
night it just goes off Brits gonna take
out the clown get a break get him get
him
you went from not shooting it to now you
want to shoot it with it on your back
let's just see if you can support it
alright let's see it
I give you so much credit where everyone
on the livestream is giving you hard
saying you can do it you got this oh
she's got it that was awesome Keith
you've gone
you did so good
just push the red button I mean there's
no eyebrows not a little makeup can't
fix did that make you feel like
incredibly powerful is that the head I
yeah I don't hear you laughing now you
punk you did it even though we didn't
even come close to our 800 she did it
I'm proud of you by the way we are also
just about to hit 320,000 we've picked
up 20,000 people in the last ten minutes
and we're still not done we're not done
we got the big zombie oh and Clifford
Clifford's going down oh yeah yeah no
more truck get it John dude is it wait
wait wait there's a door here you have
to kick down okay you got to kick down
the door you got to get in you got to
save the little girl ready yeah go
let the girl go more John she's chief
all through the land
oh no look no scope it wasn't no scope
actually what he said is if you send
another disco party he'll rip his shirt
off into a disco what yes what I heard
five seconds five hold on wait
there was totally no disco I would have
now there was John his pants are down
he's gonna have his pants up this is a
family show
Emily hey yeah this goes on B just shake
a bunch of you want us to burn that was
great he does he told me yesterday you
shot your first gun ever machine gun
today you'll be shooting your first
flamethrower nice let's get the GoPro on
the zombie he's got like a metal frame
uh-huh
let's try to mount this GoPro okay well
I don't know how to tell you this but
this is Ami's from the future dude he's
got a GoPro and he's mad survives help
we if John holds the flamethrower down
there's a slim chance we're gonna lose
the GoPro if he just if you just torch
torch torch it's gonna be fine give up
we want to kill the zombie we all just
saw me without killing the GoPro and you
win the game okay that's the game game
you kill the zombie no you stand right
next to it to make sure everything's
good
have you seen the movie aliens where
ripley's going oh I don't see going down
to destroy the ha that part - oh he's
alive he's alive keep it going
look at his body
wait wait wait stop he's falling he's
dying
that's it no he's good we gotta get the
GoPro
it's unplug where's my GoPro where is it
dude it's still recording I'm not
kidding the light is on
keep it keep it going here it's still
recording dude dude it's probably molten
I know I need to get my card up kick it
out oh it broke kick it my way oh my god
no it stopped it's not recording anymore
you need a glove and you need to detach
the top most likely that's polycarbonate
with a melting point of roughly 500 we
go here we go here we go he looks
perfect
oh god it's like a bluing memory card
memory card looks good but I'm saying
your GoPro is done pull the battery it's
hot as fire hold the battery maybe the
battery cell burn up I have to go pro
now honey looks good you think you know
what whoa the lens is on fire it's not
that hot inside here it is we'll see if
the footage is on there - she shut off
it was recording in the fire when I was
still recording it's like when I kicked
it maybe I stopped it that's what I'm
hoping that'd be great is that I killed
it
wait my god blow it's still recording
I'm not kidding the light is on still
recording dude well this is what's left
that's what if you ever wanted to know
what's inside a zombie that's it oh oh
oh you really got to do is take out the
support system and they fall so no I
asked if he could shoot something so
have at it boy pull the pull the lever
you can get old school ones filled with
water and they're the best movies ever
although having a fun project you should
do it awesome it's already out so nails
got a crazy idea like most of his ideas
we're gonna dump the popcorn out onto
the ground and use the last of our torch
the very last bit of our torch and see
if we get any popcorn I'm ready I want
to make this a real video where we
actually try to do it over a fire you
just gonna put it in the rubble you can
do all of it yeah I'll eat it John will
take care I got
doesn't look like that much the light in
here dang well you made a little popcorn
let's make some popcorn boys my camera
is so dead it's a splashing red forever
it's almost out it's almost out is it
now we're all done gonna hang out again
with me this dog has to be like he can
be anywhere as long as his eyes are on
me
if I'm around the corner he has to come
around the corner I think I just blew a
bubble out my nose it's really strange
like he can go out all the way out in
the yard as long as he can visually see
me he's fine as soon as I go around the
corner he's flies he's like full speed
and then if you got food guys
thank you so much for hanging out today
man I had a good like I don't know how
it translates because I was
live-streaming my brother Dale helped me
out so much if you watch the stream you
know he took it a lot and was talking
you guys said that I couldn't vlog so
hopefully it's a nice mix between the
live and the vlog and I didn't take too
much away from either one thank you guys
for being here thank you for watching
the stream and we will see you tomorrow
for another day I don't know what we're
doing I just really got tired I'm gonna
eat this stuff and say goodnight thank
you we love you you're beautiful small
one
yeah
