guys welcome to the vlog we've got a
bobcat check this thing huh and I suck
with it I'm so bad with it look here it
is first of all I think people Bobcats
have experience with Bobcats they know
how to you know how to drive them I do
not it actually took me like 30 minutes
to figure out even how to start this
thing you see here was me this morning
nothing then I found this and then it
starts
boom
activation we have a mob guys Brittany
rented me a bobcat for five days I've
got five days to destroy some crap I
mean it just eats anything it touches
you touch it it eats it look at this
those are bear claws dude it'll go
through anything so here's where we
actually let me show you something real
quick this is from the if you didn't
watch yesterday's vlog this is from the
flamethrower look at my grass that's
just from shooting it up
well that spots from hitting the ground
if you didn't watch your face vlog it's
kind of one of my favorites it's just so
ridiculous so let me show you guys what
my original plan for this Bobcat was let
me let me start at the beginning
pretty much everything we do happens on
this side of the yard this little stream
divides it like divides my yard it's for
some reason you just don't cross the
stream we don't do anything in this yard
nothing so my original plan was let's
just turn this entire side of the yard
into a track for dirt bikes for BMX for
RC cars for whatever we want this yard
would be suitable for that hey guys
what's about time you came out what's up
it runs great and to be honest I'm just
not that good with it but I'm getting
better
give me five little man you ready to
build some stuff yeah hop on in yeah
just pull down pull down the handle yep
boom
turn the key all the way pull that one
yeah
that's it
mommy's already better than me good
she's already got it honey oh boy not
down bag way to go Rex
good first day don't you hop dude so
instead of building whatever I'm gonna
end up building over there I think I'm
just gonna build like a three tabletop
set for the kids and start with that and
then grow it and grow it and grow up but
from now I'm gonna take this up and show
you guys exactly what I've done so far
this is pretty cool so here's what I'm
thinking guys hear me out I have this
field that I never ever use it's about
five acres it's full of weeds it's full
of grass and I thought let's start
carving out some trails something we can
ride the four-wheelers with the kids
something we can take a dirt bike into
so today I've been cutting all the there
wasn't a single trail in this field
today now I've built this and I can add
Hills I can add ramps I can add whatever
I want to these trails zigzag it easy so
yeah guys that's where we're at and that
is what I've been doing all day I'm so
itchy I'm covered in grass and dirt and
bugs there's actually a bug on me right
now in briney that my ankles are two
different colors that's dirt dirt juice
you know what I'm talking about don't
you you know what I'm talking about
hope you guys are having an awesome day
my mom and dad are gonna come over and
we're gonna hang out I got them a little
present for something I'm gonna show you
guys and then there
how to use this griddle properly
apparently hey kid you want open some
mail little man got some cool stuff
probably yeah that's like the greatest
shower ever second of all we haven't
done any math for a long time so we're
gonna rip open some boxes King's been
asking to do it we should have done this
a long time ago
thanks again sister come on muscles
first one coming in from Patton Thomas
oh is it
Oh looks like they took a beating and
shipping the stinks seeping it yes even
put the wheels back on the pizza chick
this one me that me and you see Roman
and Brittany sittin in a tree Oh some
crazy shark Zeus like where's my stuff
where's my stuff oh my gosh what's the
odds it's your same exact shirt look at
this dog did I kind of % there's
something there for him
oh this box what was set for Halloween
literally everything Halloween related
sprinkles probably in there my gosh this
has to leave the house like we're trying
to eat better drink better and this this
canes like I'll take care of it
look it's a ghost projector Oh sprinkles
new such an a random box actually and
then just the Harry Potter book you knew
it
okay look yeah let's see what is that
hose what's the matter knows you order
this thank you
I feel like someone sent it because do
you remember when all the boxes caught
on fire and the
that's a loser name on here I mean I'm
guessing that's why what in the world is
a duct tape somebody making it out of
duct tape a peanut butter and jelly
wallet and get your money all slippery
look at that this is somebody's bedroom
wall that they painted on it like that
oh wow wait Bella
oh it is pretty good what's up a bug
inator yeah is that for all your buggy
electric electrocution we worked in love
were a couple seeds neighbor flies yeah
with the hose somebody says the hose
hose yeah I know it got broken the
shipping though hurricane it's charging
up dude I was just USB so my dad came
over here to cook his famous Japanese
steak rice whatever you call it wanna
make my makeup I forget here's the thing
this thing's about two days old and
overnight it rusted iron oxide is good
for you what about tetanus not a cow
poop nails just says cook on it's fine
we're gonna its season it it's rusty
yeah get that rust in there butter rusty
we call him rusty the great chef Houdini
let's go check out these trails dude
look how close he is really what we have
to do now is drive over these trails
over and over and get the grass to work
out it looks pretty good
basically we got to turn it into dirt
guys like these are the trails go all
the way through this yard I mean you saw
the drone shot it's a lot of trails but
like you have to wear it out now it's so
hard to go anywhere zoos you know he
stays right in front of you alright I'm
here to eat my dad's famous rusty nails
it looks unbelievable
steak rice peas carrots steak a 1-room I
don't watch so when you see all the
bubbles right there yeah uh-huh
that's when you flip it all that spatula
socks I think dad watched my pancake
fail video and now he's trying to make a
point just just completely my boy not
being able to make a pancake was totally
I'm embarrassed to I'm embarrassed to
I'm probably more embarrassed
come on how hard can that be I don't
know if you remember you cooking
anything in your entire lives
I cook breakfast and I cook on the grill
with that what like frosted flakes my
mom and dad just left and all Kane wants
to do all day all night is ride this
dirt bike you know we got to take some
training wheels off soon
you got to do it I think you're just the
hair short his feet just barely tip
those toes you just have like mean one
side you'll get there boy by the way he
needs no help now
oh I think I'm so many good see uh
oh he's right in third now canes growing
up guys and it's terrible
Oh a little baby we need to have another
baby so we have another guys I got to
give a little love to one of our
sponsors on this channel and that is
audible.com you guys hear me talk about
these guys all the time but I haven't
shot at them out for a while audible.com
audiobooks it's 2016 I always say this
you don't have to read anymore
you can listen and if you're like me and
you don't comprehend what you read I
honestly can sit and read just like
Britt you probably just like me we go
over this every single time and I've
actually gotten really good at pitch in
this but to be honest with you like suck
at reading like that is the honest truth
I'm just not good at it right I'm a good
reader like I can read good but
everything I I read just goes right out
my like I don't even remember it I just
I just did one inaudible it was the
power it now is really amazing it's kind
of more about meditation
mm-hmm but it was really awesome like I
had the book and listen to it and it was
really really nice I couldn't like pause
and think about something I just feel
like my mind absorbed it so much because
I was looking and hearing it yeah it's
legit
don't be skeptical on it don't be like
oh it's a commercial dude it's a good
frickin website and Zeus likes it
OTO balls audio balls you just listen to
him Zeus just check it out I'll put the
link in the top of the description of
this video check it out legit you can
now listen to your favorite book without
reading you can do it in crazy places
like in the shower literally on your
Bluetooth set you can you could do it
while you skydive I think I've even said
that before listen to a book while you
skate you can do it anywhere so make
sure you use my name Roman or OMA and at
your promo code you get a free book a
free audiobook with a 30-day trial it's
a deal baby it's a deal baby are you
getting are you this is nothing love
Fergus don't do it that's where I
started as soon as I got stuffy it was
it don't wait for me
dude you're getting fast
okay all right guys I couldn't in the
vlog like that guys welcome to the next
current day of the vlog channel I am
getting better I know it doesn't look
like it I'm trying to build a berm
around this corner right now look at
that that looks legit this is like my
first official project outside of just
getting the trails matted down check
this out you're gonna come down this
turn whoa
and you're gonna hit this berm oh and
it's smashed into the back of this so
yeah that's what I'm doing right now
guys this is this is it this is today
this is what I've been working on all
morning I do have to actually go in stop
and edit all this footage firstly I have
to thank you guys for hanging out on
really just a homeboy this is like a
really real home vlog this was just
awesome I mom dad coming over and it was
that was it there wasn't much exciting
it wasn't that much fun for you guys but
I just want to thank you for being here
especially if you're at the end of this
video give it a thumbs up thank you for
being here and I just can't thank you
guys enough for being here even during
the vlogs that are so crazy that all
being said I need to wrap this up I do
have to go edit but it's just gonna take
time away from digging thank you guys
for being here if you have any
suggestions for me especially on a skid
steer bobcat whatever you want to call
it hit me in the comments got any
suggestions on what we should do with
these trails hit me in the comments guys
if you have any suggestions on what I
should do in the side yard hit me guys I
love you guys so much thanks for being
here seriously we'll see you tomorrow
you are beautiful you're one of a kind
smile mwah
according to the instruction sheet we're
limited on hand so I'm gonna set you
guys down back here give this a try I
don't know it's expect
whoa that that's a mushroom powder
