what's up guys welcome to the vlog as
most you know my tour is over I am in
London England right now and I am
traveling home today and I'm excited to
get home all I want to do is just give
what was that all I want to do is get
home you guys know how excited I am and
I don't know if I got anybody because of
that blanket Brittany was like everybody
knows that blanket we are home Brittany
and I walked past the entire travel
today which also means our day is over
like literally it's dark out we spent
all day traveling we spent seven and a
half hours from London to Washington and
then from Washington to Ohio so we have
been on a plane all day but we are home
and all I wanted to do was just skip all
of that flash you look different than
when I left
does he actually like it so see hey boy
flash blast premiere so guys welcome
back to our home we are back tour is
over so it is back to home vlogs family
vlogs fun vlogs look at these things
this is the greatest thing ever
how is it how is Zeus not eating these
things that is amazing
doo-doo-doo-doo don't don't don't
Oh is there another shark in the garage
you want to go show
did you make a shirt watermelon so since
we skipped almost the entire day instead
of not uploading anything today
traveling we are uploading this we're
home and I just wanted to come on and
say hi and update you guys that we made
home safe there's a whole bunch of new
stuff here this must be for you Noah you
want to see it
Cain you got something too he's like oh
would you bring me huh go whoa
it's tracker dude keep track all your
steps it's like your thing you wear it's
waterproof see dude that is you made
some paintings this week
hey that over yourself it looks like
something you made honestly gain is
flash mask is it creepy creepy flush
here put this on no it's not a puppet
some man has put that on see what this
does
who's that don't eat it I don't know if
I got this one you got now just put
your head on it just put it over your
head do it
oh he really goes for it what oh my gosh
get it get the ball boy get the ball boy
well they're not Stan no as you guys can
probably tell I am I'm just excited to
be home I'm here and we wanted to come
on say hello let you know we're home and
that we're safe and everybody's happy
and what was the great it was the
funnest thing you did all week did -
spent the night was all the days spent
and I went oh and what did you do we
went to a maze
we went to a maze like claim it wasn't
just like lines it was shaped in as a
person drummer boy maze did that whole
story just confused me to death
so guys as much as I want to just vlog
hang out with you guys today we kind of
just punched through the through the
tripi glad I'm home
I missed you so much little dude kind of
want to continue this blog through into
tomorrow but then it's gonna cut away
from the next vlog so let's start fresh
or home I've said that like 95 you glad
I'm home boy are you glad I'm home as of
now as of right now we are like 10,000
away from 9 million subs I'm just gonna
thank you guys right now in advance I
wouldn't have anything that I have
without you guys so thank you for being
here thank you for always sharing and
liking these vlogs and being a part of
this family we are we're ready - we're
ready to turn it up man and go hard I'm
about to announce one of my biggest
projects of all time in two days
Wednesday Wednesday's vlog will be the
big announcement so that's like that's
all I got guys sorry for the short vlog
but we'll start fresh and get right back
on it we love you you are beautiful tell
me in the comments right now if you're
ready for the home vlogs no more tour
vlogs and let's do it we'll see you
tomorrow keep a big smile on your face
keep pushing through keep fighting the
negativity what
boy we love you guys man we will see you
tomorrow bright and early you're one of
a kind smile more there's a curtain
