are you doing this other thing oh my I
wasn't I saw her screaming dad guys
welcome to the vlog today is the
official day I am finally going to get
my hand fixed we're headed to the
hospital right now and whether they have
to rebrand asleep it's gonna be
interesting and I honestly don't know
what to expect
I really don't it's been healing up for
over a week now right so I don't know
what the condition is to probably have
to reacts right tell me what they're
gonna do and whether it's a splint or a
cast I think it's gonna be kind of tough
to do a lot of things after today so not
getting better like there was a part of
me that was like let's just let it heal
up
it'll be fine it's a hand like hands go
through a lot nah it's not better it
actually feels a little worse maybe some
french cries and a wham burger hope you
guys are having an awesome day man I
hope you are having a good fun day where
you're out doing things and as price
school day right and school a lot of
people just just make the best hey at
least you're not going to get your hand
rub just always remember it can always
be worse this is something I've been
dreading man you guys know I don't want
to do this it's gonna be freezing run
Brittany run I think the worst part
about all this is I just don't have a
cool story when you break a bone usually
have a cool story like oh yeah I was
trying to do a triple backflip BAM broke
my back me I didn't do anything I just
did stupidity stupid all right guys
we're getting settled in here bad news
looks like they have to amputate my arm
from the shoulder down what it's funny
too you know it's all good they're just
doing the check and everything and my
have to x-ray again they're probably
three x-ray just because it's been a
week or so so they wanna check India
why didn't you clean my fingernails out
why they do this hand okay so as soon as
we walked in the hospital a police
officer pulled me aside and he said hey
I know that you've got your camera but
we don't allow any filming here and I
just explained to him that no problem I
definitely won't show anybody first of
all I would only show myself in Brittany
and then he actually just pulled
Brittany out to say what he said tell
house everybody you can film whatever he
wants he's cool you're like so anyways I
definitely don't to be disrespected I
don't wanna film any of the nurses or
doctors so it may be a little awkward
vlog but we'll definitely try to film as
much as possible he said definitely none
of that if I have surgery or anything
that you can't film that so yeah maybe
it may be close-ups I think I can zoom
way way way in so yeah I hope I'm
excited to get it fixed but I'm not
excited to do it like nobody's excited
to like I give so much props for people
that work in the hospitals man just even
walking through them like I don't I
don't mentally think I could do it like
I'll just put this bone back in place I
don't think I could do it and that's
minor compared to what they have to do
it's Wow all right guys so I got choices
here on cast colors going bright you
know cane with like bright but I think
you know I wear all black so maybe black
is my black cast or blue
you do well I didn't realize I would be
in a cast past my elbow that is terrible
I was thinking this is gonna be so easy
man
so guys some time has passed and uh I'm
gonna cast like legit Oh looks painful
I think it's not anal that's that's
that's the thing it's not painful
there's no pain I'm not on any
painkillers it's just is what it is okay
here's the drill probably not as
exciting as you guys probably wanted it
to be probably not like look how awkward
this is hang on hang on okay
like I said finally I'm sure you guys
want to see me go under and be all crazy
and talk crazy here's the deal
they have casted me we have to go to a
specialist they want me to go see a
doctor for just hands so they said I
could be as much as surgery they
straight-up said that I could legit have
surgery on this hand like pins and bolts
that's like worst case scenario this is
temporary this is not done this sucks
that it's just not done like it is ought
to be done with it
oh man
hashtag pillow punchers see ya know
crazy sedation vlog today I'm not gonna
lie I'm a little disappointed I always
just wanted to see what I say like what
would I do what would I say you want to
get
I want to get sedated only for the vlog
there's no part of me wants to get
sedated for fun like I want to well are
you guys you have a lot of cavities that
need them that's true that's true I do
need I do need to get my teacher pair
okay let's continue the vlog it's gonna
be a little awkward I'm not gonna lie
look I can't do anything I couldn't
write a guide like before I got the cast
I am a baby take me home ice cream
I get ice cream you know I'm sorry but I
think I gotta lose the sling I don't
think I'm gonna do the sling I don't
think yeah you help me oh it's cool that
I need a help feel you can't no I'm
saying
I hope oh I think it's fine all right
yeah let's just like take the weight off
I'm so strong you can't do you can't
hold this camera now I can't with my
left
I got fingertips oh it's so I'm trying
to hold this actually I can grip it grip
it with this and it's not that bad
it's like a little tripod they let me
actually go with a half they were gonna
elbow it up and no way no way Jose yeah
so we're really going to get ice cream
it just I lucked out because Britney has
to get an ice cream cake for a birthday
tomorrow so yeah it just worked out now
we were gonna stop anyway we're gonna
stop
I scream you look at the size of them
Oreos what how do you so baby does that
make you feel better I just went to the
restaurant
am I gonna do you got the healthy I am
NOT I've been your life
no anyway I only watch one hand
I have to watch truly the worst part to
me is that it's not done like I would be
just so happy if it was all done when I
take this cast off I'm all better but
I'm not they're talking like I have to
go get it checked out don't look at the
x-rays tell me if I have to get surgery
pins whatever it takes to get this thing
better but for now it's just not there
for now I'm just in a cast
it's so drawn-out yeah I gets a
drawn-out process it's not something
that happens today which sucks because I
really thought I truly I truly believed
all week that today was the day I was
getting this fix it was gonna be all
done and maybe maybe just maybe it
actually is all done you know what I
mean
I think this could be it if it heals
Iron Man now yes pretty much either
suddenly everything looks more fun now
that I can't do it
what you got what is that is that whip
you don't whip us yeah who's that your
bubble sticks bubble sticks I gotta get
I always always make the best out of
your situation you guys it can always be
worse this cannot stop you this cannot
slow me down like it yeah I can't do
everything I want to do but it can be so
much work and we can sit back work worse
we can sit back and we can be gloomy and
we can be sad if you feel sorry for
ourselves or we can get up and keep
going like don't stop just keep going do
what you can do
yeah I got an idea ready let's you do it
I'll film it hey you see this you see
this you gotta get it okay you gotta get
it he's so ready
get a game going
gokane yo he's carrying the whole thing
he's taking the car
this he's not having it
it's our Seavers dog right now ladies go
go go go
no not into the wall drop it good boy
go Kate go whoa I think I missed that
bubble wars whoa no way that's so cool
cocaine nutty sticks broke and bubbles I
love it
nice cane those are amazing and their
colorful bouquet Hayley if you put like
just red food coloring or the bubbles be
more red they'd have to be I don't know
I'm talking about alright for the
longest bubble of all time cane oh man
oh it's still connected whoa oh right
slippery when wet coming at you oh man I
don't even know what to say I uh I gotta
be honest with you guys I came in I was
like I'm gonna go ahead and put my
footage in and see what it's like to
edit it's a nightmare
like it is an absolute nightmare I keep
bumping things with my hand and I lost
my timeline like my video disappeared
all I had was audio I was what usually
would take me about 40 minutes to edit
like what I have took me two hours two
hours with this hand because I keep
hitting and bumping things like I don't
have function
so editing is a little freaky I'll get
used to it - love me it's not gonna stop
me I promise you I'm gonna keep up I'm a
hustler you guys know that I move and I
groove and I make it happen you guys
know I'm not going anywhere so I am
gonna I am gonna go somewhere right now
I gotta go I'm gonna finish this mr.
hands ridiculous dude this is ridiculous
okay I know it's been a few days since I
featured this in the vlogs guys but
listen anybody that favorites and
retweets any of my tweets throughout the
days I go there's my brother throughout
the days I go and I click on them
there's retweets and I go down the line
and I follow every single person while I
pick up my phone like this is like my
bathroom breaks this is why I'm flying
on planes this is where I'm driving in
the car I just do this can't really see
it because my cast there we go he is the
cast and I just literally just click
everybody's follow now eventually I'll
get to the bottom and Twitter won't
allow me to do anymore so I will back
out and I will go to likes and then I'll
just hit everybody to liked it boom boom
boom boom boom I've been doing this like
crazy it's been a lot of fun you guys
have been really loving it so anybody
that retweets and likes my tweets is
getting followed at least a hundred a
few hundred at a time and then I'll sit
down to a few hundred and I'll do a few
hundred like a few hundred everyday so
keep it up thank you guys I'm not going
to stop blogging because my hand I will
work through it you guys know I'll push
I'll keep working and thank you guys for
absolutely everything not just the
support during this little pan problem
but just do everything man you guys are
amazing support the family smile more of
my vlogs everything so thank you guys
you're one of a kind you are beautiful
and tell me who's wearing a cast right
now I know there's so many of you that's
like dude I got a cast on - so I'm on
your team this week or next week in the
neck after and probably for like six
weeks so you're beautiful you're one of
a kind smile more scoop it out and we're
just gonna smear it all over this
watermelon
he's going to do this there you go barri
Mallin prevention Vaseline actually make
it slick low yeah
