welcome to the vlog guys welcome to the
small more store we are it's still June
are you putting them in now Jessica one
guess what your last blog Britt was
giving away random Starbucks gift cards
in orders so Steven you're getting the
bonus one boom deservingly - so welcome
to the vlog we did a 20% it's still June
which means 20% of all of your order on
smile more Everything Everything smart
is 20% off so if you've got a friend
needs a smile or a family member or
yourself get it now it's 20% off it's a
good deal and gift cards are throwing in
randomly so boom well I thought you had
another stack what no I already put
there in random stuff in like like a
random cup no like small more bracelets
are so like bonus stuff right what do
you guys usually put in a bracelet or a
pin a bracelet okay already okay anyway
guys this deal is still going through
Jones so use it up it's here and spread
that message spread the movement we have
a super fun day actually I've been out
like I just got back I got all this
stuff I'm going outside come with me
put those in I wish so bad I would have
filmed holy holy moly I wish out of film
- we had an adventure today it's already
been crazy
I should have filmed it he was like why
don't you film I was like I don't know I
here we go I'll be good if you try hard
enough you can get in there donkey you
can he he wants to Cora hi baby
I love her hat she loves wearing her hat
- donkey hot flash what's up guys
no look donkey moves away from her hey
you want say hi to everybody no yes huh
no flash wants to say hi look at this
duh ha ha is it your swing baby
she getting so big she's getting so big
okay so today's project first of all
thank you so much for watching the vlogs
guys thanks for being here being a part
of our family in our life I know we're
not vlogging every day I just want you
to know how thankful I am that you're
here when we do film it is amazing we
are so appreciative to have like I'm so
thankful we have like this really fun
day lined up have for the kids have for
us maybe more for us I don't even know
if the kids are gonna be that crazy
about this build it bran we've had a day
man okay this is the ingredients to a
perfect day let me show you the
ingredients for a perfect day right here
that's how you make a perfect day and we
had tracking this down was quite the
feat oh and there's this I can't even
see it yeah pretty missed a staple gun a
sump pipe some vinyl and some soft under
padding for carpet what do you think it
is Brett what do you think it is I know
it's so cool if you guys watch the vlogs
you already know what it is it's going
to be we're going to build you guys know
my big giant ramp for my flips and stuff
we're gonna turn this into a giant slip
and slide they'll never make you this
pond she says so here's the premise we
take the pipe and we pipe each side of
the ramp so that you can't first of all
you can't fall off then we put the under
padding over the pipe and mount that all
the way down and then we take the vinyl
and go over top of all of that you look
miserable oh you look like you hate it
out here then we take the pump we run it
out of the water up the hill up the
thing down the ramp and the kids slide
forever it's kinda like the winner like
this winter when it was all ice and we
made it ice and you slid well this time
the goal is to make it to the palm yeah
well water's resistant we build a puddle
you can feel the fountain you feel the
fountain it hits you from here
you got license to carry that your
license to carry that around then you
can just drill whatever you want to
drill stay in there this is all from
Brian this is from me that's from Brian
I get it I get one last well it's not
gonna be a ramp anymore well at least
for now I gotta hit it I gotta hit it
once
what was that okay let's try this again
maybe not while Brian's staying in there
whoa here comes Little Miss princess I'm
good turn into water slide outside kind
actually you can actually feel it don't
feel like water yeah I kind of look like
it hurt a little bit a little drill
drill here Anna drill drill there no
this is an idea that has been in my head
for so long it's cool to see it coming
together like they're the kids are gonna
go nuts Brian's gonna go nuts
you're the tester be the first one down
I was a kid and I looked up my way time
until I got the kids don't know yet like
I'm literally waiting to get it kind of
done before I go tones they're gonna
want to get on instantly how's a kid and
I saw my dad out here like building
something like this I'd be freaking out
dude make him front like I can count the
17 holes I'm not here counting every 17
holes that come so they can strap him
tell him that counted wrong I went to
Miller sport high school bro blame it on
them you really check
this is gonna be awesome sure
all right son put the first coat of
padding down do it seem you like riding
a little Cadillac go ahead drop it
that's so thick and soft so soft
oh you're gonna hit these steps to see
me of that way am i hitting the steps
all right drive Chevy boy trained
professional okay come on chase come on
cameraman I'm genuinely excited just
like that fix stuff you put under your
carpet so your floor so soft and now
when you jump down this slide it's gonna
be super soft
it's like padded huh this is actually
going really smooth really good like I'm
gonna go tell the kids what we're doing
I'm sure they've already seen something
but as of now well you know let's go get
the kids come on let's go get the kids
just who I was looking for hey boys you
saw it you when we went to bed last
night okay I knew surprise I had no idea
what you're doing
Nick Carson asked where's Roman and from
Anna and she said I think they went to
get the slides though yeah hello okay so
last night I was putting over to bed I
said I got a fun thing for tomorrow I
can tell you or it can be a surprise and
he picked surprise so I did not tell you
what I was doing now Cain when I put him
to bed last night I said the same thing
and he wanted to know so I told Cain
that told me and not you well anyway
when you're Donnie and get your stuff
along and come outside okay it's not
done yet but you ready we're gonna play
today
look my name is Pete welcome to
childhood it's gonna be amazing
yeah you guys gotta go check it out too
many questions yeah dude you gotta
finish in it's gonna be awesome he's
gonna be the coolest thing you gotta
make we've done some pretty cool things
around here but this one it's up there
it's fun it's just you know like the
funnest things are something we can all
do together like there's some things
only I can do or like the guys can do
the kids do but when you can do
something that everybody can do oh baby
game on summertime get out and have fun
we're just using what we already have to
have more fun like I knew this ramp was
a good idea but once winter hit and we
did the ice that's when it hit Summer
Slide done how cool is this gonna be
dude so it's sticky right now it's not a
slide yeah that's just so it's soft on
your belly and we got the slick is my
uncle has a canvas shop and he had all
this vinyl this is like thick slick
vinyl that we will layer on top of the
foam it's just gonna be like all around
like a comfy ride this is so dope dude
have a little square up top where the
water fills up drains down and we've got
that edge we're gonna run power it's
gonna come out of the pond up the do we
didn't running up the pipe we were gonna
do this all like we're gonna run the
water up this pite and have it come out
back down okay
now that we don't have to we just run it
up oh god no power powers out here comes
little pigtails
power goes off and you just show up he
just jumped up grabbed a peach and he's
eating it there's a little baby peaches
growing look at this blast get a peach
get a flush right down with it just ride
down with it my gosh oh my gosh we're
getting to the final stages of our
slip-and-slide
homemade water park it doesn't get more
like crafty than this dude some some
wood foams and vinyl some water homemade
water also didn't tell you guys that
moments ago dropped my camera facedown
off this tower into the mud and broke
ass this is a different camera actually
camera two for the day and all my test
dummies you ready you ready he's I don't
know maybe he's going slidin whoo course
first one down Stefan I'm so getting it
nice and flat it's a little harder than
we thought it would be we're kind of
just running down the edge right now
mounting it and we're gonna cut all the
access off uh-oh go core go get up that
ramp all right we got our water in the
creek going up all the way - no his head
actually behind-the-scenes this took a
lot longer than all of us expected it is
bit how long has it been a long time
dude some was just coming up took a lot
longer it's more complicated than we
thought yeah I mean to actually get
wrinkles completely out haven't figured
out how to do that
it is what it is still gonna be a blast
we're gonna have a great time this is
all I mean it's great I got no
complaints we're gonna fly we're gonna
fly in that water connected already turn
it on she's ready ready for business
yeah water pipe installation job dude
you sure you could install water slides
for living backyard shenanigans calm I
got you my shoulders looking good
looking good guys getting pumped excited
Wow a water test
you're coming put your mouth up to it
see if you can taste if you can smell it
that's swamp water uh-huh holy what oh
you know that whole business I talked
about let's just cancel it we just
bought that we need tough subject yeah
go down it you got splashed around that
pool
not bad honestly I wasn't bad I got a
flock over here you gotta jump on your
belly dude do it bill your belly slide
yeah yeah yeah yeah actually you guys go
pretty far honestly yo they're gonna go
to the pond for sure oh my god
yo there's gonna be the first kid to
make it to the pond though that's
Victoria you got to make it to the pond
all the way well the water is making it
to the end oh yeah if you go in your
belly you'll go to the pond no Kane went
backwards call it might be the first he
might be the first he might make it no
that was the most pathetic dive I've
ever seen all it might go all the way
not today
sucka
I feel like this is the next step dude
to slightly go down on a - you're gonna
cut through that water so hard
hey B I mean it's just a start like this
is the start what do you do you got to
go bigger you got to go bigger yes how
to get them going right here cannot say
it enough guys hope you're having an
awesome day we are really just goofing
off as a family right now my pan doesn't
get much better son family kids playing
that's the best hi mommy come on come on
- for the kids dude it's for the kids
that wraps for the kids all right no
let's see it send it to the pond yeah
whose hey yo Oh will he go all the way
they always match same clothes all the
time
opossums doubt we've been just
absolutely Chinese food I mean that was
a good call right thanks brick I want to
say you're the best but you're the best
and your hair's fading big-time big-time
the chlorine was nuked it and I don't
think these kids are ever coming back
that's awesome is worth it Cora Cora
will you do a baby
well she's zooming it's like daddy
called me don't
I see you coming straight for me you
know they say you shouldn't eat and then
get in the pool and swim I just ate so
much food going down that route sounds
terrible right now dude I'm going to the
pond first try this won't give you more
momentum yes it's gonna power me through
what I need to get through go backwards
you let me push it maximum altitude and
speed alright ready
see ya you gotta take my block camera
when I come you ready
see ya dang dang man
Oh
well that concludes our wonderful day at
the homemade waterpark guys feel really
good to like not only blog but to like
doing a project like you guys definitely
know I love putting projects in the vlog
or like doing something for that day and
this felt kind of like I don't know it
felt like a vlog to me like we had we
had a mission from start to finish and
we did it NAT now he's got rebuild this
place man it gets tormented during the
summer kids are all out of school
they're just like party party can we
turn that off yeah I can do that for you
little monster hooligans it is getting
really light the blue is like almost
gone on camera it does look cool flash
all partied out y'all partied out I
think Brett's getting cornis well looks
like she's already done maybe staring at
me like oh of course not very sleep what
you doing little girl you want daddy to
have it thank you thank you thanks these
are my favorite thank you so much let me
take more right go out it she's not
eating it dude this sounds crazy but
I've been so excited for it every day if
I can clean a ring like seriously I got
this stuff and they say you dip it and
then you actually wash under the diamond
that's where oh you can already see and
the other trick is you only wash you
only dry it with a hair dryer you don't
cloth dry it Brit dude that thing clean
is breath like um literally look at that
it sure sure I know I need a blow dryer
look at that boy know where mommy's ring
yo want one eventually is it look nice
oh my God look at our little baby was
this is a tea in there it's not a she's
cooking so that is just about gonna do
our gauge and there it is the classic
yarn and the vlog you did it I think you
pulled on forever
those doubted sleepy today yeah say it
all the time thank you guys for being
here thanks for being a part of it story
I had a good story about that ring
doing the next vlog I'll do it the next
vlog I love you guys so much thanks for
being a part of our lives our family um
everybody that's support not I know we
ran the 20% off that was a bigger
influence on the orders but thank you
guys for supporting that the girls are
so happy they came in to look we have
like we got so much to do and like it's
amazing guys thanks for supporting smile
more anyway we love you we're out of
here we will see you soon
thanks for the love the shares the
support what I was saying I've come it's
been a while
you're beautiful one-of-a-kind smile or
somebody good
you
