okay so I just got up my friend Emily's
birthday is in seven days and she's like
one of those people that talk everyday
like tells everybody how close her
birthday is so I gave her a little early
birthday present last night so good
morning hey Lonni Brittany she's gonna
be mad isn't she you're sniffing it add
that and that's because you wouldn't
face any last night I was like you know
what you're not answering your phone I'm
gonna do yours too
okay some of you may think I'm really
mean but there's actually a birthday
present hiding in there what are you
boys doing huh what are you boys doing
are you stretching oh my daddy comes
wanted a flash you pooped in your bed oh
just kidding it's fake she doesn't see
it she doesn't even see it definitely do
you know how we redecorated the place
okay so since she's late today and I
thought she'd be here earlier we're just
gonna add more make it a little work
this is a boy I think we should do the
whole floor
any Sun so this goes all the way up the
wall to her seven days gift card so I'm
not that mean it's okay she's here we
made it work not those boxes right no
we're gonna recycle them
you have to stack them in a nice pile I
felt so bad cuz I texted the smart Olli
hey let me know when you're on your way
and she's like why what she said is why
I was like she's not gonna clean these
up she's never actually caleb is the one
that started it and I started helping
him and I was like caught her I'm gonna
like should i film this and he was like
you can film a reaction in the morning I
was like perfect
oh man oh man it's real I thought maybe
for a second the whole thing was a gag
take me home
when we get home anything that you want
to do okay looking like what guys
welcome back to Ohio I am a home I got
my man right here dude
I miss you so much so much like yeah I
know
Brittney actually told me that Kane
wasn't coming
oh you're perfect you guys always know
when I'm ready to get home I don't even
vlog I just put clips and music and just
skip through we're going to get Noah
ready go get Noah yeah
I can have this one thanks Bob are you
being shy
I missed you so much buddy you have no
idea I was going crazy without you home
now go play with me when we get home you
know who else I missed mommy no you dumb
saying mom I mean you don't say mommy
just mom now you growing up on me
am I still daddy yeah hi buddy what's up
you sit in the back with you Hey hey
Zeus are you still mad he's not mad at
me now my gosh
no to baby bears living with us you go
go out no my boys get over here Caine Oh
missed you so so so much man oh I see
you flash I see you oh dinos in flash
miss name is easy easy
get over here over here hmm can we just
hug all day all of us we be to hug the
hug fam today no guys I am home in my
home in my house with my beautiful boys
we're eatin little brownie sandwiches
we're building Legos exactly what I want
to think I like the good old days I want
to sit I wanna hang out Britney thanks
for the amazing sandwiches man I'll tell
you all right I'm gonna be honest I miss
the the like Lego Lego days I know ax
and I went through a serious Lego time
remember we've built like the castles
and all the Star Wars planes and
actually at the top
his old bed missing bowling Legos tons
of awesome sets tons of them if you
would have superglue them pain could
even play I don't glue Lego she's like
the the closet the kragle the glue what
is that crackle crackle I don't glue
Legos Brittany does blue Legos now
there's been times where both of us are
on the right and both of us earned the
wrong there's been times where Lego goes
down boom nothing breaks she's like see
but then I'm like I want that piece for
something else and you can't get it and
before I could even get to step 22 I've
lost both my kids video games you guys
leaving me for video games your yep
Noah's super excited because while I was
gone his computer took a dump a big dump
on the floor didn't it just a big old
mess long story short his computer is
fixed and he's playing it for the first
time since I've been on tour oh my I
know me and now I have played this in
the vlogs before but we could seriously
make a whole gaming video on this
because it is so it's such a physic name
like however you wrecked that car it
just crashes it if you want to see me
Noah and Kane we could all three make a
fun video out of this so tell me in the
comments if you want us to make a game
video that would be fun not let's see it
I love this far wouldn't be fun unless
you go full speed oh man this is gonna
be bad this is gonna be bad
drive shaft broken radiator most shows
you everything you miss your car not
sure I know all right let's see it
gainers let's see it buddy
just steer with that one yeah watch this
crazy do it instantly that's a whale
tail on that thing this is gonna be so
bad you don't know there's one minute no
worm try buy it
alright so apparently we have apples
this year we've never had apples ever
and our tree back there has apples most
of them have big worm holes but that one
was good apple juice apple sauce apple
fruit roll-ups I was a good fish
okay there is so much to catch up on
even though I've only been gone like two
weeks or something it's just things
happen so fast they sure do
what's going on huh
what happened mr. does daddy have some
repairs Oh what do you mean number one
oh dang
who did it so apparently while I was
gone some of the kids around the house
got ahold of my are season really I mean
this isn't like you bumped into
something this is like you took full
advantage look at the spring look at the
shock I mean they can be fixed but it's
just it's kind of a bummer and Kane's
trucks broke cane did you break your
truck you didn't break this one either
items and micellar there's all night
crew when you're working now let's check
it out Wow well unfortunately we've lost
some good fish while I was gone
you may it's the life of fish man
fish are tough fish are really hard to
keep and we lost our big Ange all my
trigger still here the eel is still here
there he is
we need to name this guy
that's true oh yeah these are currently
as we're filming this not on the website
guys this is for you right now and we've
been holding off on this for many
reasons one we have not been caught up
here at the store we are way behind
until recently we're just starting to
get caught up too we've kind of missed
our window on this but we're still gonna
put them up right now for you guys by
the time this vlog is up they are all up
are we putting those up too yeah okay so
usually we have a new product that goes
up on the site and I show you guys
tonight we have a whole bunch of new
stuff I'm very excited about it here we
go we've got some school supplies these
are all folders like you use at school
normal folders smile more doubt super
excite we got the new black smile more
hats everybody's been waiting on flatten
the front snap in the back well will
will will right there you obviously know
we already have pins but we are adding
pencils all the smile more pencils and
then we've got these giant magnets these
are magnets they're not stickers to
stick the metal dude Carmen they can go
on your fridge they can go on anything
metal really you like that one and then
we got notebooks no box so like I said
they're on the website right now
literally as you're watching this
Britney has probably just posted it all
so it is fresh get it while we have it
as always we have a limited run of all
of this stuff and once it's gone you
didn't order much yeah and we kind of
like as business owners we kind of
missed the whole back-to-school stuff so
that's how you know we're not a
professional company right there we
totally missed back-to-school so this is
what we have for school for fun plus
magnets and hats
yeah that's a huge day for the small
more store that's a lot of products
going up so thank you guys
I know and you I want to do it I want to
do it this is not part I'm sure everyone
at smile Moore's gonna kill me but I
wasn't even gonna show this that's
nothing that's we're not Amazon baby we
did it wait by doing this we'll find out
really fast okay here's the deal we have
one one backpack one smile more backpack
and and we're not even selling these
these aren't for sale this is a sample
this is a sample that came to us and the
reason I didn't order them is because
they can't get this logo any bigger and
I want it to fill out this whole area so
this is a sample that we're not even
selling one order from today is getting
this backpack we're gonna throw it in
your order so that it's up for grabs
that's what's gonna happen if you place
the order this may be in your order this
50 bucks that's free it's really free I
mean it's a really nice bag is what I'm
saying is and if oh yeah we're not gonna
contact you it'll just show up at your
house yeah cool that's the deal for
today
boom smile more backpack with your new
school supplies we get some zebras and
monkeys and giraffes in our yard can we
get a giraffe guys as I always say in
advance thank you for supporting you're
not just supporting the smile more story
you're supporting how many employees do
we have now total nine that's not
including me yeah so 10 including
Brittany you are Michael Jordan 96
you're you're uh you're supporting so
many people my family you're also
supporting a massive movement and that
is positivity when you wear smile more
I'm telling you when people buy smile
more I never get more emails of people
being like I've never had a compliment
on a t-shirt in my life when I wear this
t-shirt I get compliments thank you guys
thanks for being a part of this man it's
a huge huge movement so you guys no
untoward you guys give us a lot of stuff
I mean
suzumebachi stuffing it always gets
shipped to me however I did bring a
couple of things home for you guys
you'd really like this it's a pull back
to know that's from a fan buddy
that's not even from me somebody brought
that just for you but I saw it and I
said Kane has to have that now you look
like you'd be playing golf or something
mm-hmm you like your magnet you guys
obviously know we collect magnets
everywhere we go usually lately I
haven't even bought them because you
guys bring them every single city I'm at
you bring them but these are the ones
that I at least brought home I can never
say this but I can blow my nose
those are tissues I think you got a
friend there you got a friend in me kina
is cool dude
I knew you would love that car
well this aquarium is doing unbelievable
the glass is dirty but the corals all
the fish are still alive so healthy this
is a reef tank maybe this is mmm got my
clownfish
Brittany's feeding right now
everything's gonna come out Oh
the starfish is coming out look at this
so awesome man he's gonna come up on
that glass a bit this tank is really
alive everything's alive and everything
comes out when your feet - he's legit
awesome like that is an awesome shrimp
right there I'm just going back are you
just telling your roll it out yeah
obviously I've skipped a lot of this
evening I came home I've logged as
normal and then I I seriously set my
camera down and I'm just gonna be
completely real with you it felt great
really good I'm happy to be home I I
sent the camera down and I just realized
that I haven't vlogged for a while and
it just I don't know it felt right
tonight so thank you guys for
understanding thank you for being here
thanks for traveling on tour with me and
obviously coming home with me you guys
mean the world to us you are everything
to us the support you give us is through
the roof from a smile more store to the
family to my my entire family it's just
insane so thank you guys for everything
it's so good to be home it's sure you
can sense it I'm happy to be home and I
feel so blessed to be here there may be
a chance and I know I don't even have to
ask you guys there may be a chance I
just don't film tomorrow so bear with me
we will get back to the regular fun home
vlogs who knows what we're gonna get
into flash with the bad gas need a gas
mask
anytime's is like play so guys let's
wrap this up see how lightning didn't
see that that's a bat where are we
we're gonna say goodbye thank you guys
we will be back here at home for the fun
home vlogs the family vlogs they're
hanging out with everybody vlogs very
soon I love you thank you in advance if
I missed tomorrow we will see you soon
you are beautiful you were one of a kind
smile more I know it is it so everyone
it's so weird because I haven't seen it
yet but I've already showed the footage
on the vlog that's so weird yeah right
