all right so this is one of the coolest
places in Toronto that I remember is
this big BMX park all these dirt jumps
man I just want to go play
man it was a head of white you would do
that no you wouldn't I would I can go
find you a bike I had a heavy-duty shock
storm but you're sitting right here on
Lake Ontario right here this place is
beautiful and the reason I'm so excited
is a lot of you guys make us a lot of
cool things a lot of you guys bring us
cool things you're always presenting us
with look what we made you and it's
always amazing but today today something
special man something special and it
just went by and I thought flipped
Brittany about flip here they come you
see it
what is what up yo you guys just
straight blew my mind like for real you
just blew my mind oh my god what up hi
nice to meet you you guys are like
incredible man like what the hair
different right we didn't think we were
gonna see this we weren't sure we tried
to call Pablo I saw these pictures like
a while back oh you did somebody sent
them to me from some random Facebook and
I was like I have to find those cars I
don't even know what city you guys went
yeah from Ottawa for hours with what hey
what's up man no way nice to meet you
what up my man how you doing nice to
meet you we are uh whoo that's a German
Shepherd all right guys so here is to
guys tell me about your arse well that's
a 488 660 horsepower it's a California
Azure blue
it's only the one in the world it's 2016
the 5a
oh my gut you do they're gonna look so
good in my garage thank you guys
holy crap yeah yeah I do all right guys
so how how amazing like honestly is this
these guys wrapped their Ferraris smile
or doubt or VF I don't know which one I
like better I can't pick ya take ya take
a ride for sure you don't want to drive
it he said you can drive it alright
let's hear this beast
here goes Brit this is ridiculous
I know a lot of you guys are car lovers
like I am I don't know a whole lot about
Ferraris but I can tell you this this
car is absolutely beautiful whoo
see you guys been it's been nice meeting
you we'll see you uh back in Ohio I
guess let's start this beast oh my god
you just purrs just makes me laugh
there's Britt I wasn't gonna do this but
I have to I have to see you guys oh man
it's so sporty I feel like I'm in like a
race car like a go-kart the different
feeling than the GTR the GTR has more of
a luxury feel almost like a soft
suspension this feels like you're in a
race car for sure and maybe that's cuz I
am at Murray's sound like an idiot
stop stop stop it
yo it's a smile maker it's a smile maker
for sure thank you guys so much
beautiful cars absolutely beautiful
from the bottom of my heart thank you
guys so much we will see all of you at
the show me whatever you want to do like
you're there we're gonna hang out or in
Toronto tomorrow too so we're gonna go
play we're gonna go play he's saying
tattoos all right all right he want me
to sign his wrist he's gonna tattoo I
said hold on hold on all right that's
how you start a day right there what you
think are driving into the beautiful
Toronto I am more than ready now tonight
like I am pumped I already knew like I
called it way ahead that Toronto was
gonna be Wow like crazy wild and that is
just a sure sign you guys are going way
above and beyond the normal for the show
tonight
Wow perfect timing just enough time came
back got a shower all cleaned up feeling
way way too good today you gonna meet me
at the venue yeah give me a hug I gotta
go give me a hug I gotta go I gotta go
it's pretty much It's Showtime
almost not quite still got
meet-and-greet still gotta go to venue
still got a I'll see you in two hours
yeah about two hours away love you guys
I love you we both love you so here we
are an away to the video what's this
place called man Massey Hall right
Massey Hall and it's supposed to be
absolutely beautiful I'm so looking for
you guys know I'm excited about this
house the venue so far it's awesome
they're taking great care of us there's
tons of kids there they've been there
all morning well we
yeah they're ready for us for sure and
how was your trip in from Detroit last
night I just have to swim across a
couple of oceans I think I reach that
land taking them here so we good
the Ontario Lake Ontario came through so
let me slice all the players getting
shot up last night oh man I was
screaming I'm glad at me what time did
you arrive to Toronto 7n oh my god yeah
I'm glad you're here man
it would have been the same show without
you like it would have been a good show
but it would have been the same forces
Roman versus blue and it only be twenty
minutes long yeah - his speech that's it
here we go Toronto misses how it starts
every night
zero zero oh this is gonna be a blast
dude are you kidding me three tears to
knock his meeting greed out buddy you
ready muffin is in the hospital right
now what happened she's been throwing up
and has diarrhea and her energy is low
my own I know you've already told me
this but you were just telling my
viewers for the first time I saw it what
did I say
I mean it's it's like a waiting room I
don't suppose ever waiting rooms yeah
I'm and they're babies I know they're
not as strong as Zeus these are little
one-pound babies no I get it I know
they're like your kids we yeah yeah I
get it I get it
okay all right mom thank you you're
gonna knock this out I am I'm ready
tonight man I feel so good I just feel
like me like it's been a while on tour
since I felt like me I got sleep I just
had some food I feel good I feel like I
got energy so hope you guys are feeling
the same hope you're feeling great let's
do this who's he's talking about how he
doesn't necessarily feel like he looks
the best and he's just not feeling his
beards not the best and I'm sitting here
saying he just didn't sleep all night
but you had a very rough night it's okay
to not feel at your best it's like ugh
but that's what you sit inside how I
feel inside
with Julian Julian Julian here
one of your biggest fan awesome
shout out to Steven and Michael and on
my family don't forget small shout-out
to my friend Jacob and don't forget to
smile more shout out to my girlfriend
lily and don't forget to smile more yo
you walking like you have to pee that
bad I never heard a guy have to pee so
bad you're like runny boy are we even
going the right way okay so we got a few
awesome special guests coming in tonight
first one max in TOR what's up bro what
up dude we're in your town yeah that's
the last time I was in Toronto we hung
out your amazing apartment you and
everything but would you bring me I know
you brought well I brought you a little
something something because do they know
the story they don't and I wha I only
told him I have not shown him yet so
matt has a book out he has a book out
everyone's excited about it and he sent
me his book and I was very honored to
see this book and receive this book I
got to show you this I'm gonna show you
guys this is the same action I'm gonna
show you guys first then I'm gonna show
Matt this right here is Matt's new book
and did I just want to tell you man my
dog flash loved your new book oh my
loved it he's winking he's winking
tastiness he's winking at that camera
like loved it loved it so you brought me
a new well listen I brought you a new
website a bunch extra and I also do
let's just keep that one away from the
pooch so that hopefully you can read it
this is
that's a new book I'm not I'm not a huge
reader but these are like quick facts
and stuff so it's like it's not
something you have to read from start to
finish yeah it's just quick facts a
little bit of my life story but if you
don't like to read it there's an audible
version there's an uber people nice I
think you're killing it the most
importantly last thing I want to say
most importantly that you're not just
killing it you're killing it in the
right way and I think that's really
important to say because we live in a
time right now where there's a lot of
crazy stuff happening on YouTube and I
just want to say each other Roman
soldiers that are out there that you
know support Roman and you know to the
Burroughs and all that you guys are
supporting some of the most positive
people on YouTube and these guys stand
for what's right and they do you know
positive stuff and that's what matters
now we need it more than ever so I want
to say thank you who we do we do in
Toronto I was with me and and that
perfect I never figure out you either
nice to see you guys thanks for coming
we're gonna we're gonna jump off the CN
Tower this time jump up and buy like I
can land on you I love this shirt by the
way well I got one for you said oh nice
no you should drill a hole through it
and wear it like a necklace yeah we got
all we got to hold the show Rollie
everyone's calling out our boxing gear
with our UFC gloves guys know we have to
hold the show I haven't done my nervous
boos yet I have to do my nervous be like
oh dude I have to we're already late I
suck it up suck it up literally suck it
up hug I'm getting real hard and I this
isn't it
we're backstage right now this is behind
this is directly on stage right here
excited
who's he's so nervous look at him look
at him who see show time my friends here
we go Toronto so ready
some kind of lovely guy from here
what a night your honor Congrats on the
win
whatever water congrats a me win man I
thought it was close every time we
walked offstage we have the same feeling
best show ever Toronto I will say this
loudest show ever like you guys were
piercing my ears are ringing Roman cut
off the end music cuz he said you can't
walk off I couldn't
I cut the music I said guys I just can't
say goodbye so thank you Toronto and
thank you for everybody that's always
just amazing the support they give me
it's so I was the loudest show we've
ever had
DJ handed me this see buddy city what'd
you guys think of the show
thank you guys for coming out man you
like the speeches insane awesome we have
another special guest here six-foot for
Honda whoa this guy is always massive
support and his lovely lady yeah we're
getting married in 10 days no way 10
days
why you tell her that she should have
been to me I should have known you
wearing a team Pablo sure that we're
gonna start some crap
thanks for coming thank you so much
Rachel so these guys just got tickets on
both their Ferraris oh that's terrible
news both their Ferraris got tickets on
them you drive Ferrari and you got them
smile more doubt you know crumber out
hey I got you I got you I got some girls
the amount of boxes that come home from
tour buy time to get home there'll be
cases in cases in cases of torment
because all of this stuff you guys bring
to all the shows and this is it this
isn't just it look how cool these are
never gotten Toronto doesn't surprise me
this is beautiful piles so many and then
you guys bring gifts and paintings you
guys make artwork after artwork tons of
our the craziest gift I got all night
was this box right here you're a gift
that I get every night but tonight
somebody brings me this box it's a watch
a Ferrari watch I can't even make
yourself as beautiful I love it dang
warping over to a little place called
Earls
hey I promise whatever I've left it's
coming to you I promise you we are
getting we're getting some food with
some good friends hanging out you jump
right onto my plate
help yourself like this is some type of
potato salad food blog for my boy Noah
got the barbecue they say the salad that
looks of me this chili chicken Oh
amazing
we just left this beautiful restaurant
we're walking down the city's I was guys
trying to sauce mix tape I got fire
makes paper what should would you I got
I got I got Meek Mill on the track
uh-huh
okay I got DJ Kali DJ call it gamma I'm
on are you I got you just just give me
give me duh dum you guys are coming with
us see the mom thanks for coming out
I see you again well guys we are working
into the night and that is our day we
are done it is time to edit this video
call it a night get some sleep start all
over tomorrow we have a day off in
Toronto which I'm very excited about I
don't know what we're gonna do I love
you guys so much as you can tell I'm
exhausted I I pretty much have no energy
left I hope that you enjoyed today's
vlog this friggin Ferraris were
unbelievable huge thumbs up to those
guys for bringing them out super cool we
will see you tomorrow you are beautiful
you are one of a kind smile more into
Canada right now
you were laughing when you found out you
know why you want to because Roman tore
it is the road you know why because
everybody for the last three days said
you got your passports right you got
your passports right and everybody said
yes no one has asked exactly you have
Brittany I have Pablo
