I'm gonna jump over you welcome welcome
welcome welcome to the vlog guys how are
you hope you're feeling good huh hey
hello you look great what do you got we
are first of all really
welcome to the way it's been a very long
time it's been a week and three days
since I uploaded last which to me feels
like it feels like month like I don't
feel like I've uploaded forever it's
been a long time so I've been a week
like it's not terrible I hope you're
feeling awesome we're starting the day
off super rare 20% off everything and
smile more right now it is having Brits
throwing in what is it how many of these
do you have 6 or $10 each so just
randomly this is just as a maybe she's
just thrown in random Starbucks gift
card $10 gift cards in random order so
20% off everything smelt your entire
order in smile more right now
Veronica Sun good 20 you set up the code
Oh Veronica took all the credit for it
no I know because we always get comments
like oh I don't get paid till next
Friday this is nuts oh it's for the rest
of the month 20% off everything smaller
everything and that's just about that's
just like you're you're just doing that
ok alright so yes everything on the site
I put the link to our site in the top of
this description the only place to get
smaller more by the way everything else
is fake 20% off your entire order so we
got we got what we got
we've got smile more blankets tie-dye
shirts we've got long-sleeve tie-dye
shirts pop sockets I mean honestly you
gotta have a fob socket smile more party
bullying oh my gosh
stickers horror magnet fridge magnets my
more tickle pins that get your
classmates and friends in fact holders
notepads pencils guys we pretty much
have everything smile more we got every
phone case you can think of there's even
four different color stencils why do we
have four different color stencils you
only need what my brother doesn't make
the stencils we support my brother we
ordered way too many problems all the
cool hologram phone cases are in they
are like hologram they're actually real
cool we got all kinds of them we got the
splatters we even got the multi the
multicolored the classics the white
splat do your beautiful your
one-of-a-kind tank tops in t-shirts and
hoodies hiking fishing camping going on
a hike you need a waterfall hiking
fishing gaming whatever it is you need
water check that out baby boom you know
we really need is like the like the
rubber bracelets also makes all of our
cups all our party cups all the
different smaller yeah they're the Jumbo
like those giant ones you get the movie
theaters he's making those - it's cool I
mean we got playing cards for the family
Go Fish
so these came out as Christmas ornaments
but then I guess you can hang them on
anything they have like little hooks and
stuff
we got them lanyards I like these all
different colors honestly guys you know
someone wants a huge part of our life
you don't haven't pushed it for a very
long time on here and you know our
employees need work they they come to me
and they said we need some work so like
these are amazing someone offer realness
guys we are doing for the month for the
rest of June which is like another week
plus 20% off your whole order so order
whatever you want family friends gifts
you know what I have literally two very
old people the other day wearing full
smile more shirts I just it's awesome to
see the age group smile more is bigger
than us like people just like that
it's two words that everybody can take
something from it lifts everybody up
people that don't even know me see me
and they're like oh where'd you get your
shirts such a cool smile more dude it is
so positive share the movement baby
let's go we're blogging today and we got
something fun we're gonna go do you
gonna wear off your bracelets all day
yeah I think I'll just hand them out as
I go I dare you double-dog you have
coffee today you didn't even stop Kel
sick bees are blankets are dope there we
go oh my god I'm trying to get you some
water
huh orders it gonna come in they're
gonna rock it up yeah you guys is art by
the way it makes you saw every time I
come in here it's just give it up gift
cards oh that's so nice
see told you got - that's not fair flash
so let's um let's let's hang out man it
is uh it's beautiful it's not hot it's
been in the mid-90s been very very crazy
here look at her we have grass that's
your phone didn't break not break what
I'll be yard looking good man yo this
robot on I don't think the robots on
yeah you might as well turn around I was
showing this robot look how good the
boys blue and clear this pool this
little guy look at him he cleans the
whole pool or just that part look at him
no he's out he's trying to skate I want
to clean a different pool all the
monsters are up just woke up look at
that face blue hi Cora hi baby
yeah big she's getting camo
you gotta get one around Flash's wrist
at breakfast you mean one what collar go
in the door so we can see him at night
running around the yard yeah Oh flash
he's gonna knock this off so fast he's
like um thank you sir trust me we dig
this one on the palm together this is
boom
check it out show I guess they show the
neighbor dogs but I guess you don't tan
are you ready
today this has been planned for a while
you still you still want to do it okay
walking around here look at the zombies
with zombies around here you know what
but you better get it out it's water for
you I wouldn't do that flash is like
unser all the robots in there it could
be chance of electrical shock you got so
lucky dude so lucky wake up alright we
gotta go let's go whoo best sound ever
it is when he takes a bite of carrots
like my favorite sound flash like uh I
might I'll make a sound for you I'll be
back have fun I love you baby these are
big these are the big I usually wear
like my little ones and once I put them
on I have to Wow like I can't hardly see
without I'm ready let's do it this is
all Kane's idea by the way today all his
idea you still committed you want to do
it ah maybe it's that maybe it's the
weather maybe it's the I think I need to
vlog with all I don't know it's weird up
close I use them for distance so when
I'm looking at anything up close it's
just I don't know it's kind of funky
looking I don't know maybe it's the
weather like everyone's been lying in
there it's the weather yesterday was
sunny everyone no turning back now no
turning back now bet you can't jump over
that oh my god are you some kind of
superhero or something getting in the
captain's seat I'm gonna shut this all
over what do you feel all over Jane what
do you want yeah do you only like blond
like real light through the sides and
then just really dark blue or not like
all-over blue right you want to do just
wants a blue mohawk but I don't think he
knows exactly what do you want yeah I
think it'd be fun to do like the blonde
all over yeah and then do like a real
dark blue Kane's been wanting a blue
mohawk and now the time has come we're
like all right we're making the
appointment you ready and now you being
all shy got a little lightning bug in
the chair oh yeah so this is before mmm
this is my mommy comes and gets her day
order her diary diary done her Derrick
this can take a while this looking here
Wow huh finally an hour wait are you
telling me no fortnight for an hour and
a half
you like a man I'm proud of you I'm
proud of you got an idea and stuck it
out and you did it and you love it I
think it looks cool man when Kane asked
me a couple weeks ago if he dies hair
blue I said absolutely um I always had
my hair was always crazy growing up my
my whole life always decreases I was the
kid in school with like different
colored hair I'd spiked it I would I
just love doing weird things with my
hair so when he said can I dye my hair
blue I'm like absolutely do it I love it
mr. blitman we need a new crazy Kane is
coming to life your your your name on
all your games is coming to light dude I
don't know it makes you look older maybe
it's just the haircut looks really good
I love it I'm glad she didn't do it all
just one color it's like all it's dark
and then it just kind of like there it
is there's the rainbow blue about it hey
you didn't show me your bike Peschel my
bike either Brittany about to do some
hardcore hey Kane hang on I want to get
everybody's reaction there you miss it
Brittany's mountain bike we're about to
do some trail riding she got it oh yeah
no not really
so brick got her bike finally it says
forever to find it and then I got mine
we're gonna do some crazy trail riding
Sam oh we got to get a rack for this so
we can just stack them on there let's go
okay sorry I want to see everybody's
faces when they see your hair even flash
made a funny face
welcome Shawn what you think it's blue
Cora what do you think of it no hey
squeaky hi baby
Cory you just hanging with all these
boys we gonna do with all these boys
she's like yeah look how fast she's
getting she's like I'm gone oh oh
mommy's little girl what about daddy
daddy get a hug too
Oh maybe yeah you guys wanna do it
yeah I got something for all the boys
good thing course too young
okay I'm gonna go get them I'll bring
them in over again and I'll be right
back coming out you don't care you don't
care about the weather you like the
weather so I got some when I was young
my dad had all these that called MREs
meals ready to eat they're you know they
use them in the field the army the you
can throw them in your backpacks when
you're hiking they're basically like
military food in a bag and we had them
as kids and I hadn't seen him since we
used to take him out of my dad's
basement and open them up and just eat
all the weird stuff in them so I got
some boxes of MREs right here for the
boys and I just figured let's try them
together because I have no idea what to
expect um and you know for later when
we're hiking stuff you just toss one in
your bag and have all this food so let's
give it a shot I couldn't really order
like flavors they just come like
completely random meals ready to eat
leave this shelf-life approximately 5
and 1/2 years oh my gosh all right I got
the box you guys want to do it with me
all right these check these out that
right there is an entire survival meal
there's probably dessert in there yeah
probably is chili and macaroni I bet
that here let's just open one up let's
open one up see it to me Oh
panini and vegetable with vegetable
something that's good stuff I thought
that would be more exciting I have one
hand you're I'm vlogging you leave that
Oh skittles
my hang on we got to try it all okay
here's your cheese spread probably four
crackers or sprite crackers in here
look Rackers open the crackers let's
open up put some cheese spread on it
let's try this out your star with
crackers and cheese babe and hey imagine
you're out there starving and you have
this bag imagine how good that cheese
spread would be well ain't ya gonna
break a piece off we're going cheese
spread for everybody
open your mouth boy oh here we go
oh that looks good dude that's cheese
whiz for sure that is wizzy give it a
shot my boys stepping up how is it come
on you're out there you're surviving
you've been hiking for three days we got
a rash in the supplies Conrad you wanna
try it here grab a crack or break a
piece off we're trying to army food over
here this is crackers and cheese so good
Korey all right you ready to move on to
the next day on a truck vanilla pound
cake okay yeah you're right
he's ready for the mac and cheese you
need to live a little boy here we go we
go this is what was this chili mac and
cheese let me make it look a little more
fighting all right look yeah but it
tastes like a heaven ready
come on everybody needs to get in that
good tea all right bro are you ready
come on Caine
everybody says it's good dude come on
chili mac and cheese let's go put down
the microwave for us how gonna be good
isn't it tried anybody even try the
crackers okay I'll give you the chili
Matt don't pass that around if anybody
wants to kill it polish it off what else
we got in here what else we got this
goodie bag a pack of matches
probably some towelettes some cleaning
supplies look look
so the mac and cheese we just made this
is a heating bag that you put around and
heat it up so it's not cold yeah look
these directions you set it on a rock so
it's like standing up put your water in
here out of your canteen and that gets
hot that is here's a tropical punch
flavored juice you put it in your water
oh here we go for some beef snacks
yeah it's beef jerky this is one per
person
you eat the jerky no problem how is it
okay yeah sure
baby yours comes in a plastic container
ours comes in a bag we should have done
this out in the woods
you know we should have went out in the
rain into all this tastes like dog
treats how do you know it's okay I mean
think about it if you had actually eaten
everything so far you'd be feeling
pretty full big thing of noodles and
crackers and cheese who's ready for some
pound cake no it's just just break it
off and you eat it that's it let's go
you know you want some what is it
what are you talking about this is chili
mac and cheese which is actually
everybody says really good you never had
MREs before be that wholemeal bro you
put that on your mower and you can mow
and just cook the x3 that's what it's
for
seriously of a wholemeal I grew up as a
kid my dad had tons of these things and
we would just take them and eat them
this is something my dad would just get
you know survival into the world type
stuff do that's good that's yeah that's
Kate okay don't try this jerky no - good
rocky and it came on the bat a whole bag
of Skittles sugar and salt that's for
when you're all done and she spotted you
out so fast oh she can't oppose yet they
tried been on a long road but you think
Cora
she's trying to give you another cup
just once somebody please take this cup
will you want to give it to me I'll take
the Cobb thanks Cora oh you're the best
she's still walking with her shoulders
and you want it back okay all right get
out of here ruffle but Oh crazy so we
did the chili mac look at this beef stew
beef tacos vegetable crumbles with pasta
and talk--i style sauce this one is old
spaghetti and being oh man you three
chicken noodles and brisket entry Oh
brisket entree great in the woods
meatballs and sauce dude I'm down chili
with beans Oh beef with shredded
barbecue
dude think of how many you know you
could live look how many days you could
live on that right there
one two three four maybe if you had one
meal a day you probably get away with
two of these a day and you'd be living
really healthy so the reason I got on
it's because I used to eat them as a kid
I remember them being really good so I
wanted my kids to try and maybe though
take one of these bags and eat it later
who knows let's see it jump jump jump
go come on jump yeah you got it girl
jump
whoa Oh put the weenie dinosaur sound
effects must go faster you ready you
ready I'm gonna jump over you say when
you learn how to jump big you can jump
over me
you wanna block okay so it's raining why
do kids like swimming in the rain snow
even begging me to let me swim not in
the pool swimming the pool you want
they won't swim in the pond don't really
blame them the pond I kind of have
strict rules on the pond cuz I'm half of
its super deep I always make sure I'm
out here with them the pool is like a
little more lenient like I can be in the
house kind of keeping an eye on them but
out here because it's shallow you're
very touch there Kenya yeah yeah it's
shallow there it's the life right there
man playing in the rain covered in water
perfect hope you guys are not just
feeling awesome but I hope you're
thinking awesome I know everything
happens in our daily life it can be
chaotic it can be crazy it can be very
very negative I hope that when I say it
when I say I hope you're thinking
awesome I hope you're thinking positive
and I hope you're if you're figuring out
ways to turn them negatives into
motivation take it from me if you're
watching this part of the vlog that I
know there's a good chance you've
probably watched us for a very long time
you've been a part of my life my
family's life for a very long time you
know where we came from you know what we
had very little and it was a bell being
this always sounds so cliche and so
crazy but I forced myself smile more is
really how I begin my process of being
positive like I worked the factory life
I remember crying look not crying like
bawling but I'd have tears in my eyes
working day and day not doing what I
love to do is just making these these
videos whatever they were I just wanted
to create video
but you guys already know when when I
started all this you couldn't make money
there was you didn't get paid to make
videos when I when I started doing all
that it took years and years and I just
forced myself to believe that everything
was better than it actually was your
brain could be such an enemy it can be
your best friend in the world too you
have to kind of trick yourself I swear
like the two words smile more started
helping me so much I mean I would force
myself to say it think it push it on
others eventually I would bring it into
the videos for you guys to hopefully
those two words would just help you a
little even if it was just one of you
was like you're right and like the more
I said want to think it the more I do it
smile I feel better
all I'm saying is is I I know like I've
been in in the very dark places in my in
my life too and it's those times it's
those moments that we actually have to
go through to get to where we're going
it's what makes us better and stronger
in Twitter I actually look back at some
of my worst times in my life where I
felt I was at rock bottom and now I
realized they were blessings they were
they they got me here there were
designed my future my rock bottom is
actually what brought me people like
Britney and and and and everything I
have now is changed because of those
horrible times I know it sounds crazy be
positive think positive that the lazy
way out of this is to be negative
negative is lazy it's easy for me to say
you know what screw it now now that's
the easy way to fight to be positive is
hard and it's struggle I find myself
every single day at moments being like
you just your mind starts to be negative
no matter what so I encourage you I know
this is a lot to take in
just give it a try give me 24 hours you
can do one day whatever happens find
something positive out of it I know
sometimes that can that can actually
seem impossible but sometimes our worst
moment become things you laugh about in
the future they become so silly so petty
but at the moment they're horrible it is
just terrible and time time time is the
healer I mean time heals everything it's
just I encourage you guys kids parents
you um start to help each other pick
each other up we're all stuck here
together pick each other up man your
little brother your little sister your
mother whoever's down pick
and give them a holler make them feel
good make them feel as special as they
really are let them know encourage you
guys man as a family work together your
friends bring your friends Bosch is
trying to pick me up right now
you can't you can't actually physically
pick me up but mentally you're a picker
upper
I love you boy I love ya come up here
come on come on come on get out of the
rain
lay down we got this look easy bow guy
going up this is great late come on
later no I don't know guys you know back
when when I did all this you know baby
for like rank days and all that you guys
know I come I come from a journey it's a
long journey that I've been on and
whether in the middle of it the tail end
of it the beginning of new things I
don't know but I've always tried to
encourage you guys to feel a little
better even if it's just a little bit
maybe you go to bed with a smile on your
face maybe you wake up with a little
motivation to take on that day whatever
it is
I definitely love giving you guys a
little push and I know I need all the
time Brittney is my queen of push man
she sees me starting to drop she is like
there so so be that for somebody that
needs it man like we all we all go
through so much like there's so much
around you just pile on all of us all
the time it never smoothes out the more
you have the more problems you have it's
just it's just it is what it is it's
like it's the world man I just encourage
you guys a little smile on your face
today lift each other up think a little
more positive give me 24 hours man
that's a challenge today pink a little
pink a little more positive and I can't
help but wonder if I had things like
this when I was a kid you know Mike I
don't think my kids understand what they
even have Noah more than others he easy
Noah's been here since I was hustling to
make no money at any of this stuff so
he's been around a sit boy
pawn looks beautiful I don't know it's
been a while since I just chatted with
you guys so I wanted I wanted to do that
today at some points this is perfect Tom
I'm gonna hang out out here with the
kids and go check on Britt's doing her
like hoes at least wears them out least
they're getting to wear out is really
starting to rain
somebody said something to me today that
really stuck out it was it was it was
time go so slow but years go by so fast
it's so true it's like eight hours of
just rain just rain rain hi baby
it's a bedtime say by night what you got
on your knees were you going to bed
serious it's one thing nice about her
going to bed so early it's not even dark
out yet but she gets up super early so
it's like a it's like a so what's up
dudes
what's up dad's oh I want to show okay
you see how this coral looks right here
I want to show you something I remember
that so when I feed when I when I put
food in the tank that entire coral like
opens up like this I got a picture of it
today okay ready ready there's the coral
now not eating in here look at that
and that's sick so it all closes up it's
like a big old brain gonna sting but
love the ocean life man so crazy so many
quarrels all deep down in this tank it's
so crazy me more loving is better
she passed out so fast nine o'clock
every night whoa
that's gonna pretty much do it for
today's vlog I mean we gained hair is
blue superb I can't wait to wash yes
Kane's head bumped her when when they
were dying it um yeah I can't wash out
it's really marble it's like honest
scalps we gotta wash that all out and
yeah I love it I think he did it I did
first second I was like he's not gonna
go and sit and let it process and do it
but he did it did it like a change so
thank you guys so much for watching
trying to make them a lot more regular
not weak plus at a time that's just not
acceptable in my head I was itching so
bad to film literally thanks for being
here guys um keep your head up keep
smiling beautiful one of the only wait
yeah small more small more is 20% off
link is in the top of my description use
that code it is what is the code it's in
the description June sale yeah don't
forget to put it in we run sales in the
past and a lot of you ordered don't even
use the sale code so June sale put it in
all I can use it once so go get it guys
if there's anything you want get it we
love you you are beautiful one-of-a-kind
small
you
