guys welcome to the vlog we are in the
beautiful Dallas Texas we are ready to
go but today what the heck is that if
Britney had a dream she was on top of a
giant pepperoni pizza that is what that
is
oh is it a chicken giant pepperoni
oh so guys welcome to dowse today's an
exciting day I'm about to show you why
it's gonna be very exciting and you're
gonna see why I'm so excited today's the
day for it to be your day it really is
this really is
it's like Mike okay so we'll leave our
stuff yeah let's go I left myself you
left it
I don't leave my stuff here we go oh I
even left my key inside hey guys if you
know me which most of you do then you
know I'm gonna about to flip out where
we're going right now we're in Dallas
Texas but you're even excited and you
don't even ever do these things I like
to crash this thing you like to crash
you do this is one vehicle fousey can't
crash in everybody's okay with it so
let's go today I was invited to a very
special place look at the gate boom you
got semi trucks with our C's on them
holy crap hi guys quick story this is
Damron and you are this is the reason I
have so many are season this guy
no matter where on that I'll be like yo
I need an RC next-day air boom next
there there
Narcisse that's what we're all about so
I'm gonna make sure you keep having fun
with it look at these yeah yeah we have
them yep - and stop get out come on back
- two in stock right now look this is a
truck going across water no I'm so
excited sure let's do it so these are
actual RC parts these aren't like it's
isn't aren't like this is actually RC
parts and the floor.this they're all
different that's hilarious
all right so we're warping out of what I
didn't realize was such a massive
warehouse they have a huge building they
got toys set up for us they got ramps
look at this what up guys all right I
think I know what I got to get for the
house now teach you how to jump like
this today let's do it
they set us up today look at this you
guys know I have this and put it through
day I mean I put kids on this thing dude
are you ready for you to break
everything so honest guys usually on
tour we don't get a lot of us time like
we don't get a lot of time to go do
something fun so this is huge guys thank
you so much for letting us happen and
being here thank you for coming up this
is a blast
now I'm gonna I'm gonna easy look at
that that was a pretty good trick Robbie
so when you go up yeah break is gonna
bring the nose down and throttles gonna
bring the nose off got it yeah it's just
like a dirt bike got it got it
so like I said I was excited and now you
guys probably know why I'm excited I
love our C's and this is like the
biggest playground you could ever come
to oh my god boo C's right idea here
okay you don't made a landing so good is
that the body blew off you blew the body
off what no they go just as
fast then you go to show how fast you go
oh my god ding that makes VJ eyes sports
balls with like child's play that is
insane it is literally painful that we
have less than an hour here on this
location but we are going to do what we
really came here to do and that is
hydroplane a truck and RC that goes so
fast that it doesn't sink
what's the kayak for that's for us /
retrievable we get doesn't quite make it
all the way across the pond
we've got floaties though so hopefully
that won't this is something I've always
wanted to try for you in the vlogs but
I've never understood actually how to do
it so they're gonna do it right now for
us they're gonna take this truck and
drive it across that pond it really
doesn't make much sense but I love the
idea going and going across and he's
gonna turn it around and get it bong
water awesome I'm so excited about this
I don't even know if kids get this
excited about RC stuff as I do but I am
living it right now this is like the
highlight of my day we're ready first
attempt
no way I'm just driving it like it Oh
what did you do I broke my toy
make sure you have a good head of speed
but right when you hit the water just
punch full wood does it look like you
were popping up a lot of water yeah it's
my time they're gonna let me go you got
up too much throttle I'll pull a wheelie
and you can't turn because if the front
tires right so you gotta kind of lock
back up how great is it nowadays that
you can sink a truck in the water and
it's still good that's his his was
underwater
okay let's even get further yeah I'm
gonna get further than Roman Roman
didn't do anything
easy easy there's a huge part of me
that's so much relief right now guys
when I was showing you is what not to do
is only do it again can I go again don't
do that I got this I know what I did
wrong come on Roman you got this he
going now turn turn and keep turning
keep turning keep turning
off the bank I am so happy that just I
got a trouble more time that was
incredible
first guy that's ever done that whole
circuit no wow Oman it was so fun I
don't think we've ever driven a bag out
here before this first time what what
what are you supposed to do with it
people just go out the it looks over
nobody's ever just driven it out yeah
that's awesome thank you so satisfying
to do something that's not supposed to
happen you're supposed to be I Drive a
truck across water so it's fun - see oh
you have to do is hit the water and you
beat your last record more speed more
speed more speed there you go there you
go
come back come back
thank you guys so friggin much thank you
for coming out dude amazing thanks for
that hydroplane lesson hopefully you
guys are able to try the trick
definitely is the paddle tires they put
floaties inside the body but they still
work even if they go underwater that's
just what they do so they don't have to
fetch it underwater yeah I couldn't
needed that more man that's like the
brake because we don't have a day off
three three shows in a row so this is
like a day off all in one thank you guys
well there you have it guys nice little
fun break from the typical tour vlog
into just fun and that did I really am
like a kid when it comes to toys like
that I genuinely love them my reactions
are genuine my like I'm just having fun
I forgot everyone was like it's so hot
and for a minute I forgot it was even
hot out besides having so much fun okay
so before I left on tour I actually got
this right here you guys have seen it in
the vlogs I got it for tour so I'd have
something to play around and swamp bits
in a bag and I can take it on tour but
as you've seen in the blogs cane mill so
much in love with it that I couldn't
take it I left it with cane so they're
gifting me a brand new on no way that is
sick dude thank you so much so we got
more toys for tour toys for tour yeah I
think this nights a great night just
start a fight with a man we don't like
most of you know him as Roman and that
little door just right here all night
what whoo Showtime guys ready nope you
know we should have power loss
thank you sir thank you so much let's do
it let's do it
hey how are you my friend
nice to meet you case you don't know we
are in Dallas Texas completely sold-out
show packed even our guest list is
packed it is full to the rim very excite
look at this so somehow Lucy got out of
soundcheck because he's doing his beard
like I need a beard trim wanna do a
quick sound check here in and continue
three stories well this is crazy totally
sold out who's who's this that's your
baby
you could hear me how you get out of
going to sound check every night he
makes up some weird excuse every night
like I can't be there
should I get my beard trimmed up though
for real what do you think I got you you
got it yeah cool make sure I get that
done nice little taper good there's
nothing to taper what would I tell you
guys the time fixing there's a lot give
you such a good look you can't polish a
turd guys as I'm just gonna tell you
that I'm tightening there you happy with
the cut yeah three minutes still meeting
great
roaming the block is not better you're
tripping I did say was better I just
think it looks better how many times you
gonna try them on until I see which
one's better you're black it's your
choice tonight y'all I love that man
that's beautiful why are there different
colors those happen to be the colors
that I'm using during your talk oh cool
but I can make them white I'd make him
anything you want he's gotta go sorry
you know one day we're gonna get a full
conversation and I don't be in rush all
right every day John not having a
conversation let's go we gotta go
I wasn't talking crap dude I forgive me
please don't hurt me you know I'm gonna
accept this only because I know you're
just joking around
I already forgot what I was gonna tell
you what you crowned me dude you crown
me you know what I'm a crown you as the
king of my fans
this guy's got a pretty cool story so
you came from the hospital yes you're
into tomorrow your wife's about to have
a baby today just keeping the show but
I'm gonna meet young person man that's a
mate yeah you got to pull it together
though can I do a shout-out to my cousin
Kendall are you in love with Texas and
also my daughter Serena I love you very
much but that you I would never smile
more Oh
rock tonight man glass big girls don't
cry so this is the door at the vineya
it's like this famous door where people
come through his sign and this one look
at this this is a real signature from
Johnny Cash apparently he's played here
twice I made sure to sign clearly over
here on my own lane right thank you guys
for letting us do that man Thank You
show dude alright guys so we just blazed
through this meet and greet I didn't
fill them a whole lot of it today we
were running a little behind now they
have convinced me to do something what
are you gonna do like to me like as an
outside I don't know much about hair and
I don't understand what else you could
do you're getting your first your first
taper let's go ahead and taper and get
the taper guys how many of you actually
know what a taker is so here we are
getting tapered getting a taper and you
sitting there brushing your little beard
we're losing our minds guys were losing
our minds thanks for hanging out with us
man seriously I just showed I just
showed her the 1,000 blogs she's the
first one to ever see it did you like it
we are I don't know if it's up yeah but
I'm your watch this I don't know if I've
uploaded it yet but uh the new 1000
video is coming so I look different I'm
sure you did a great job I mean that's
it you got my taper um it looks so much
better from the back it looks better
much better here let me show you the
back so you understand what he did
it's like blended now sorry Britney but
this is this is the taper right here oh
yeah I'm still gonna throw this up oh
you looking fresh now oh I see what you
mean though yeah
it's just clean it cleans the corners
and the edges yeah I get it
I get it alright guys so here we are
getting ready for the show I have a very
very set of special guests here that
showed up in Dallas just for the show my
man Alex Andrea what's up how are you
give me a hug bro I know thank you so
much yeah for one day one day one day
one day very happy to see my man Alex it
has been too long yeah like it has like
a really long time I want to give a
special shout out to a man that was in a
meet and greet today and he came to me
with his son and he said the only thing
he asked for for Father's Day was
tickets to our show so him and his boy
could come to the show so thank you guys
so much for coming I absolutely love
that man we need more family love in
this world
so fathers and son I hope you had a good
time event here we go here we go
Showtime Dallas let's have some fun
tonight
I'll never be able to show you guys how
good this work what was the swore
I believe it was like I want to say like
12 to 5 12 to 5 was killing me 12
to 5 right at intermission he yells all
right Houston and we're in Dallas all
his points got deducted I'm in the lead
I will take it in Dallas you know that
mean that says that that moment he knew
him a drop to my knees oh she left you
one boy oh you know the crowd went crazy
oh they're so mad they cheered for you
like crazy you milk that you were like
let's go down yeah it's mistakes like
that when you're on stage that make you
wonder every time you're about to shop
the city whether you're in the right
city like it happens we just finished up
our bathroom break or in the port apply
we're in Dallas listen
there's a lot of people out there and
I'm really nervous you just took a big
you know number too soon as you yeah I'm
good let's go let's go you ready down us
here we go
you ready you're going now
this is not part of the show and you're
next in the show are you guys alright
with that
before you announce it all the kids so
we don't normally do this but if alex is
up for the challenge
I would love for you to take off that
hat
here's the deal I don't want to cut your
hair it's not thank you yeah I know it's
a disappointment but I think I know
someone that does
I'm gonna flip the screen out you ready
Oh
this is what I get for being friends
with Roman and fuzzy that's a wrap on
Dallas gave my hat away again
you destroyed my last bit yeah I'm right
there with him oh you are getting mean
and clean and even the same human being
you look good you got to feel the way I
felt when everyone was telling me this
look good big loved a pillow here man he
came out just to do everyone's hair and
what a convenience how convenient that
you needed a little touch-up tonight
yeah uh Andrea I can't believe I still
can't believe you guys did that why
would you do that she's family you know
what this means
that's the way there's gonna be a lot
more Bush pushing my show is wrapping up
we're gonna go find some dinner we
really haven't eaten much today and I
got to start eating better man on this
roads especially traveling so much I
have no energy like I get weak I need
food all right go ahead Robin you ready
this is about to be crazy we were
driving by the tour bus
if you would like I would like to pay
for a car wash for you guys welcome to
the tour have you ever seen anything
like that that was they were looked like
a zombie apocalypse lick your finger
that the windows are trying to open the
toy and then when we start driving off
they're holding onto the car is crazy
da I'm sorry yo goodbye Dallas you have
been beautiful you ever stop what do you
mean just stop vlogging 1 ha that's what
I do
always vlogging nothing hey I'm gonna be
1000% with you guys I am so exhausted my
eyes everything is drain I am so beat
want to try to get this video done I
have a obviously the big special 1000
video going up today as you're watching
this it may be
now we're leaving Dallas right now
here's our bus about to leave man
I really I have really enjoyed today
like so much the RC stuff to show
everything is really food really really
good all right guys here is my little
bunk I guess you call it I got some ear
foam ear buds for tonight I don't know
why it just helps me sleep we got
outlets we got lights and this is my
spot man this is what is that whoo
there's a TV remote in here my bunk is
the only bunk without a TV this is it
man this is my night I'm gonna sit in
here I'm gonna edit edit away it's 2
a.m. I got to get on a better eating
schedule
I gotta get like sleep couple things
real quick thank you guys so much for
being here especially during the tour
vlogs I always say this I know it's not
my typical being at home with the family
and the kids and doing what we always do
but this part of my life is incredible
man the thing I wish I wish I could
capture they're really teaching me how
powerful these vlogs are man and then
hoping you guys a lot and I will never
ever use my vlogs for anything but good
man I'll always try to lift you guys up
always push you forward I will always
try to motivate you so get out there and
go get it man I love you guys thanks for
being here the 1000 block celebration
video is going up any time keep your eye
out and please give us some love watch
it tell me what you think and
I love you guys double uploaded today
baby I'm not stopping I love you you're
beautiful you were truly one-of-a-kind
smile more we got word that there was
gonna be some kind of crazy police faint
happening down here and it is crazy
there's cops everywhere there is a guy
with a gun like it is legit crazy I
gotta try to film it for you ice gun
shots
are you kidding me you guys hear that
