today is the day guys you have been
waiting forever for this day most of you
have been waiting a really really long
time I have been waiting forever let's
do it I'm so excited
actually just got here today if you
don't know what we're doing let me show
you I have promised you guys for so long
that this was gonna happen so here we go
I don't remember when I made this deal
but I promised you guys I would destroy
my cop car and that's exactly what's
happening today here's something I
didn't think of the cop car is so dead
hopefully we just jump it and it runs
because I do have to drive it yeah I
can't wait to show you what's here guys
like this is a super SuperDuper awesome
thing this is our last day with the cop
car guys please start please start you
ready to see this thing go let's like
get it out of here this thing starts up
I'm gonna be so happy I'm not gonna lie
there's a part of me that's gonna miss
this it's so legit it's got the cage
everything in it
let's be honest I haven't used this
thing one time since grandma's prank and
I made a bet with you guys and I lost so
so really in all actuality this is for
you just throw all these police uniforms
are all legit or take them out wait a
minute wait wait wait a minute how is
the birthday boy still blown up what my
dad just got here you ready see it no it
has not seen my dad's new car so he's
gonna see that for the first time you
can look so sick or what maybe instead
of just ring the cop car today we
surprise papa and blow up this car we've
decided we're gonna blow up grandpa's
car instead the cop car alright guys so
I wanted to build a lot more hype to
this and build it up through the blog
and not tell you what we're doing I got
the cop car out there but I'm thinking
you've waited long enough and I should
just tell you right now what it is we're
doing let's go this is so much build up
so much weight
I can't wait this is so awesome
dad's out here loving the Vette okay so
here's what we got we got lots of
friends lots of family here to witness
this these crazy dudes I don't know why
they're here you guys ready to do this
this is Amy and Amy is the reason all of
this has happened
amy was hitting me up on twitter how
long ago has this been ten months
probably and she was like my dad or was
it your dad and
she's like my dad has a blank that I
haven't shown you guys yet and he will
bring it to your house to do something
cool with and we over Tommy were like
well what if we do it to the cop car so
here they are Amy thank you so much for
being here everyone give me some love so
much they'll hook it up Wi-Fi because
our livestream is not working very well
leave it to my brother to solve that
problem all right guys the police car is
meeting its final maker what's up dude
thanks for coming out what's your name
Mike waters thanks for having us out
here it's awesome would you bring me man
I brought my toy over here this is my
office
it's overkill evolution I do 40 shows a
year with it we've been world champion a
young gun champion and Rookie of the
Year with this trophy and you're a now
let's go check this out I got to hear it
I'm so excited
we a freaking monster truck at my house
today guys you know it makes you inside
your ears tingle my ears are tingling
hey is that crazy or what I don't know
what was louder you were the truck house
you little popsicle pops listen I didn't
want to tell you this but the new vet is
actually for the monster truck all
around hey the lights work good so
here's the issue right now if yours
tried to watch the stream yesterday you
guys crashed the servers like to the
extreme they cannot get the service or
so we've been waiting two and a half
hours for this it's just sitting and
waiting for our live stream and we don't
know if we can get it up so the truck is
sitting the kids are waiting everybody's
waiting to what's gonna happen oh no man
it's waiting on the live stream may or
may not work at this point you laughing
at me yeah everyone's sitting now let's
say you know it's getting boring so you
know everybody's getting bored
all right so how long does it take for
that car to go a hundred to zero like
it's just gonna be gone instantly won't
be gone gonna crush under like a ramp
sort of piece of metal looking thing and
then the rumor is that I'm gonna get to
drive this truck which is like a dream
if I don't break it
you'll be the drivers won't break it I
gotta do a laughing that thing can I hit
the car oh we were just talking about
that only he's gonna be like oh it's
broke sorry
whoops oh my god this is crazy
well you can see pretty good actually a
hot foot right there dude I am in for
the first time of my life on monster
truck
what all these switches dude is that
just for looks those are just for looks
aren't they he's basically a robot by
time he gets dressed dude look at this I
just saw this you put that there dude
this is turning into a real a real event
here oh my gosh so you gotta pop all the
tires we don't when he hits it can roll
and stuff like that things you would
never know is there any any other rules
to trucks what about the glass like I
vote wanted that we can usually pop them
sometimes we don't usually depends what
we're doing for this we won't you know
it's makes it a little bit more
effective for you get to better yeah I
mean let's shatter it we have now
probably two and a half three hours
later got the live stream working we are
just about to set up the stream is
rolling their eyes are on the cop car
and we are ready - you guys - you guys
it's still complete mystery what we're
doing so get ready welcome to the stream
let's go
all right you guys officially ready I
know I'm ready
this has been an all-day adventure I
know it seems quick on the vlog but we
were struggling so bad with the
livestream took two three hours to get
that working I think we're ready to hit
this thing if you're ready I'm ready
this will be the end of the cop car as
promised this is for you guys
are you kidding it oh he's going down
the ditch
whoo he's good with that damn
yeah unbelievable what just happened in
my backyard yeah today dude that was
amazing
sorry about your yard I thought you were
gonna destroy the fence like every see
you guys asked me destroy the cop car
this is one of the funnest ways that I
could think of and honestly I think even
if I blew the car up it would have done
this much damage it is gone grab your
laptop out of there right where did that
come from there's gonna be pieces in my
yard for life all the way over there we
didn't turn on the siren so what'd you
think of that I didn't realize the speed
that they could hit so much power so
much focus it's 1,600 horsepower it was
crazy
just one car what do you think I thought
it was awesome man he drove that car at
that speed I wait like we were saying I
thought he was gonna like creep over I
did too instead just blam he went hard
to do a good job man I love that not
gonna lie every time you went down I'm
like no here's my phone that's gone
everything
here we go
I'm gonna draw it my first-ever monster
truck and I'm excited about it how hard
could it be your drivers looking for
more drivers hey maybe I'm gonna make me
wanna fall my love right here that's
what it looks like when she's boiling
water
what are you doing mom you burn the
house Dale's got the right idea everyone
should back up everyone should get out
computer just takes out like 1500
horsepower it just barely moves turns
into a Power Wheels I gotta say the live
stream took a long time today guys but
thank you so much for being patient
there's half a million of you watching
live right now which is absolutely
insane 30 seconds worth of training here
we go
I gotta climb in helmet nothing young
and reckless gives you a little bit of
safety belt they're good they're
strapped in to go
you gotta give it like okay
oh holy crap my ears are ringing back
and forth
yes I am oh my it's too much power to
have in your hands yeah like I just want
to punch it as hard as I can but you
know thank you thank you for letting me
do that problem yeah but you think yo
honestly that felt so good being inside
that thing man I felt completely
comfortable too much power for one human
yes I can see why you get addicted is
that what did you guys win what race did
you in freestyle 2015 heck yeah you get
out in Vegas yep
that's got to be huge pressure that's
amazing
there we go man I'm honored guys thank
you so so much I'm gonna give you guys
some love too cuz you came all the way
from New York from this last night over
kill evolution guys that's your Facebook
right is that what you want to promote
right now Instagram and guys please
please please go strong love Facebook
Instagram whatever you can do take a
minute and go up just just go show them
how thankful we are to have them you
guys made the vlog fun you made the
livestream fun and Emmy is the real VIP
because she really made this happen man
so thing out of you guys will you come
over and I'll sign your names on the
white car we're gonna put it out in
front of straight line tomorrow how nice
thank you
thank you guys so much that is our
Monster Jam in my backyard today I never
thought that would happen that's kind of
crazy thanks for everybody that came to
livestream 1.2 million viewers on the
livestream which to me is a number way
above and beyond anything we ever
thought we could hit so thank you so
much and thanks for waiting and being
patient it took us 2 3 hours to get the
stream to work so that's it hope you
enjoyed there she is okay something
pretty cool for you locals this cop car
will be sitting out front of
straight-line auto as you're going into
Heath right in front of what 1480 Hebron
Road 1480 Hebron Road for everyone local
tomorrow it's gonna be there yeah when
this blog goes up yeah it'll be out
front shop so you can go get pictures
with it you can go in this is Charles
the owner of my uncle my aunt told him
there might be a lot of people there he
said bring it on so you can go get pics
with that car and maybe bring a marker
and sign it you just start having people
to sign the car and I'll be cool it'd be
great so this is what you're doing up
here oh good thank you so much
Zeus you almost died today you almost
lost your life he went right under the
monster truck tire and it slipped off
the car would have been over game over
it would have been on live stream that's
what my dog would have been smashed live
in front of the million people always
heart broke I'm so glad you're here this
is the last of the energy right there I
can still push that car I can still we
just had a record show up and we have no
idea if he knows exactly what happened
this car right now he's probably like
uh-uh
dag on meteorite came down right on top
of that car
the light bar dude was really happy
really we gotta get this junk back in
the car dude this can be pretty
interesting going up on that bed
it's just crazy cuz it's a cop car you
driving down the road and you see a cop
car look like that it's just Oh
interesting should put a fake skeleton
in there I like you thinking
here she goes he's going home
there she goes off to straight-line
autos front yard it's gonna go out in
front of straight-line autos placement
and you can take a marker and you can go
sign it so like you guys can show up and
just sign the car yeah I really can't
thank you guys enough for being here man
that live stream was insane 1.2 million
views up speechless they loading it up
oh it's all blurry
my name's blurry Brit care what you
think these guys are loading up their
huge truck look at this thing
holy crap so to get the monster truck in
the trailer they have to take off the
giant wheels which then they put these
on and they have a school bus monster
truck
how cool is that higher education
certain low note we're gonna say our
goodbyes yeah it's so fun guys
absolutely amazing thank you for let me
drive your truck we've already talked
about next time me smashing a car he's
got a half an apartment of this there's
got to be a part since that's our school
bus it's the cool bus it's a monster
truck school bus dude
here's my question for you guys today
what is the next live stream is really
weird doing the live stream and vlogging
actually I got to get better at it
because I was I was I was thinking that
I was blogging with this camera but I
was holding the live stream I was like
oh crap I want that for the vlog so it's
really strange to tell me I I don't want
to do boring live strings I do live
streams live streams I just don't want
to like sit and talk to you guys like
that's great it's just not for me right
now there's gonna be times where I want
to just hop on and say hi to you guys
but for like my live streams how do we
make them unbelievable or fun or
action-packed tell me in the comments
today what is the next live stream man
that is gonna do it today guys I had a
lot of fun I hope you enjoyed it
everyone that joined the live stream
thank you again it was it was really
hectic in fact John is kind of the one
that pulled the whole thing off because
I was ready to just start crushing the
car and he's like ten more minutes ten
more minutes
ten words and he must have said that 20
times so he saved the live stream we
will see you guys tomorrow thank you for
everything tell me in the comments today
what is our next live stream something
big something something unique help me
think of that you guys are amazing we'll
see you tomorrow
and you know I thought they were all
circled around to see the new car wow
this is Dale's we sound like five that
this looks uh interesting that's a wall
