hey guys - oh man here we go
bum bum ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum you're
getting bigger than mommy bah bah bah
bah bah round you're getting bigger than
daddy was doing this morning while we
were all asleep anybody have any guesses
my Flash is losing his baby teeth so he
decided to go hard on the paper towels
this morning welcome to our house
everybody today is going to be what's it
gonna be not father-son adventure father
in son adventure day we got the toys we
got tripods GoPros cameras backpacks
chargers tools my face is fit I'm ready
if you're ready you look good this your
good-looking dog hi baby
we're getting ready to leave Yeah right
you're gonna be living it up soaking it
up no craziness in the house today it's
just you okay
this one's like french fries by this
have fun today I think we're off to a
good start here bike RC drone might as
well throw that in let's do it you ready
I'm ready push the start button we begin
our mission there we go we're off there
look at this train sitting on that
bridge dude it's so heavy
should we go under should we go hope you
guys are having such an awesome day man
I hope
so good and I hope you realize how
awesome you have it right now the second
I know that everything is outweighing
the positivity in your life there's way
more negative to hit you every day and
you have to trick your mind tell it
you're having an awesome day it is a
good day tell yourself it is a good
friggin day you woke up this morning
your eyes open it's a good day you know
what every road trip needs though snacks
junk who's got the best trick that's
always asked go for it
oh nice look 360 dude it's getting tall
too
that's that's beautiful dude good job
snack time snack time and we got about a
two-hour not quite a two-hour drive but
we need snacks that's what road trips
are for hey didn't even come out right
that's what road trips are for no snacks
are for road trips we a super junky
snack so do we get good snacks we get
future ki do we get gummies like what
what's the best roadtrip food crumbs in
the seats I like your thinking
those are different two of these get the
bigger bigger is better
so today man I'm off today is like a
father-son getaway me know get away
every once in a while just me and him
especially before I go on tour this week
we're in a little just bonding time and
you need this you need some one-on-one
time and over the last time last time we
did this was ice-skating and go-karting
we did and today's gonna be more of an
outdoor adventure and it times may get
out beautiful day it's sunny I have no
idea where I've never been down this
road in my life but it's beautiful like
we're ever gonna see that well I was
wrong horse and buggy dude the organ
trail what is that there's more I wanna
ride with him I would love I would love
to spend an entire day with the Amish
for like a weekend and just like
that's awesome dude
why do I like that so much it just seems
so real like I wanna experience that I
got died 12 hours
like we're really gonna see that I have
never seen anything like this ever
there's all baby cows look at him dude
they got like little dog houses little
cow houses what in the world
No
all right I think we have made it 1,000
feet ahead wow what is that
I've never seen one of those those
things are also moving round things I
remember we do that I like pretty nice
camp all right so we've just hit the
campsite Conrad my bail crazy deal is
that your tent
I recognize that tent and the car my
mom's here
dad drug the vet I can't dad didn't
drive the new vet you know what I wanted
him to his bikes and his fishing rods
and his grill in it that's true there's
no lack of small more shirts in the
family loving it this is the out woods
right here
you know I thought they were all circled
around to see the new car wow this is
Dales we felt like five that had a
banana this looks uh interesting that's
a wall break his work he's out of the
competition and you pull down and break
it so well again it's not gonna okay she
don't know the Atwood family is
extremely competitive I mean there's
been some crazy competitions over the
year this is new one I've never seen
this right new
now I wish we would have done
my uncle Austin built this just for this
bridge competition this is genius didn't
work we're gonna test it with some
sticks
you made a shield that's too cool let me
see oh you're gonna block all the bridge
shattered 280 these are awesome
wait and you can close it there's
somebody sleep in there would you sleep
in there like avatar did you just cuddle
up before me and Noah go and do our
thing they are about to break all these
bridges so we got to see a little bit of
that everybody built one my dad my
brother you're the first one
yeah well I'm run out of the contest
because I use 300 and then they switch
rules but I didn't know the heavyweight
class so you supposed to use one there's
more than one bridge at 300 so this is a
300 I only have one contender against me
22:22 pound
Blue is just too so they have 47 pounds
oh my yeah we we now you're talking now
you're talking over the top it will
collapse in person and finish
here goes my dad's bridge don't let us
down dad no pressure
hate to see it go
thirty forty this is gonna be tough 60
new leader forty fifty holding 50 70 80
yeah be your the official winner this
trophy
all right the bridge building is done
we're headed up to get some food and
jump on this crazy thing do some
swimming just hanging out mom and dad's
with us super cool to have you guys and
we're just hanging out beautiful day so
how does this work
just get some ribs and ribs let me see
in there dude this thing's insane what
in the world what's this thing called
what's this thing called this hello a
jump pillow yeah I love it let's try
this balance pillow oh my god but you
bounce so hard fast as we can to the
other side you got a weave in and out of
all these people
ready I'll follow you ready set go go go
go oh my gosh
he has no idea I'm right there I thought
I was sneaking up on you I'll meet you
back at the corn maze yes ma'am
I'm sure
no brakes on it just so you know
supposedly this cornfield is caught into
a corn maze that looks like yogi the
bear so I'm gonna fly the drum perfect
time to have the drone and just see
exactly what it looks like I don't know
if it's here or down there there's not
much because he walked straight we were
playing a game off my base we ate some
corn
well how easy would a corn maze be if
you flew your drum with you like you're
walking through the maze huh so fun hmm
we're gonna find out really what this
maze looks like right now there's too
many rumors floating around there are a
lot of noise in there right now
things gone already here's what we got
dude that's a huge maze oh my gosh
definitely whisper something it's that
thing wall it's an eagle look at the
eagle dude oops
Wow dude that's a in Eagle pine trees
and says whispering where's Yogi Bear I
don't see no Yogi Bear dude how cool
there's a whole eagle in the maze like
cut out it's not Yogi Bear though Dale
Dale I honestly thought you were gonna
be lost than that dude yeah me and
Grandpa we're just thinking like
probably gonna get out no way to know
but there's a whole eagle cut out of the
corn maze it's insane I'll show you no I
will I will I wouldn't be a full day
without a little RC action all right all
right gotta do it yeah this one should
be ready
and it's gone my first contestant to
ride the RC truck I knew 100 she's wrong
if you / if you make it like the logs
are way too big and we need more speed
to ram out with a caution sorry it was
meant to be
don't decide
all right we are headed out and I was
stealing Thai from the campsite you sure
you want to leave the out would camp out
you come home with us we've stolen one
Nevin I'll see you tomorrow buddy we're
gonna do something so big
Nevins coming over for our big police
car thing so excited about yo-yo Lama yo
Lama hey Lama
did you have a good time it was a fun
day I wish I the priest thing is
something I just never seen before if
you guys enjoyed it uh I definitely want
to participate next time like I think we
can build a bridge
yeah teamwork makes the dream work
let's go slowpokes
let's go here's a sleep oh we missed all
Zeus mommy and Cain are asleep if he's
asleep I bet he won't be able to feel
this what an awesome day guys what an
awesome day you ready for the red ears
let's do the red ears again everybody
likes my red ears look last time I sat
here I had a million screenshots you
guys making fun of my red here there
there that's it this way so I'm ready
are we go we are finally destroying the
cop car in a very fun unique way and
we've been working on this for I feel
like I've been working on this for a
year literally a year and not that I've
been working on it for a year that's
when it started we started talking about
it like a year ago and it's finally
happening tomorrow so if you're watching
this vlog right when I uploaded I will
be on live stream you can watch me live
I will put the link in the top of
description click it now 3 no 4 p.m.
Eastern 4 p.m. Eastern I usually upload
at 3 p.m. so if you're watching this
it's gonna be like right now go to live
not me
follow me and watch the cop car live I
will also be vlogging it so if you don't
go to the live stream don't worry about
it it will be the whole vlog for Monday
so thank you guys for hanging out thanks
for being part of the family thanks for
hanging out with me in NOLA today it's
just so good just going out with Noah we
were with a ton of family but it was so
fun and it was just awesome and family
first baby well see you guys tomorrow
for the big day I'm so excited about it
I like the live stream who's gonna give
it all the way so so many of you are
gonna
know about it way before the vlog is out
so it's whatever I think it's gonna be
fun
you get a little bonus for going you
know see tomorrow you were beautiful you
are one-of-a-kind
don't let nobody tell you can't do
something just because they couldn't do
it themselves
go get it man start now the best place
to start is the beginning I keep telling
you guys start it go go go we love you
we'll see you tomorrow
smile more this is gonna be so bad dude
it's hard to drive I'm not gonna lie and
I've promised my viewers for a long time
