I honestly 28 Dean that now they still
crop-dusted that's sick
hey guys welcome to today's video quick
question are you ready to get luck he's
gonna dust it over there he's got the
run away there's like they're ready for
this plane or something was going on
here I want to see him I wanna see him
dust it I want to see him drop the dose
okay seriously though serious question
are you ready to give your ring up
that's the thing I'm gonna take it in to
get size America if I ever lose it again
it'd be devastating so it was a pretty
like okay so bring agent rain the reason
we haven't got a size she doesn't want
to give it up you gotta give it up for
like a week like they gotta resize the
rain so it's kind of annoying that you
have to give up your ring that you're so
excited that you just got but we got to
do it and losing it in Texas was like a
sure sign of like doing it but you have
to go do this right now so that's
exactly what we're doing right now we're
gonna take her dude last time I was in
this box I handed it to you that's I
just wear it to thee no hope you're
having a wonderful day we're kind of
just starting quarrel I laid down and I
was like whoa I should start the blog
with the family but like she went to
sleep in it we just like jumped in the
car class so let's go it's vlog we're
doing it doing it baby
we although they just saw that we were
gone for a couple days but absolutely
beautiful it's actually cool it's like I
almost wore like a hoodie but then you
were this I was like well I can't wear a
jacket if she's wearing that you got
like fluffy going on what is the wind
diver tell you that story right front
flipped into that pond okay I always say
I'm gonna prove it I never do so maybe
that's never happened I'm gonna do my
thumb see how good she is so size is it
4 and 3/4 so now in the future and what
was the ring so it's crazy to think I'm
gonna wear a ring I don't wear any
jewelry at all never really have I like
watches I have like enormous knuckles I
don't like this is a huge size and then
it goes really small what do you do yeah
but it has to go around the knuckle so
it's all baggy down here are you like
force it over the knuckle she's telling
me you should be like lose my knuckle is
probably like oh that's right it's
really loose on the finger that's what
I'm worried about
I mean I could get it on but I don't
think it's coming on but you don't have
to have it cut off that's why I think
the rubber like the rubber makes so much
sense I'm down the stretchy like $1
thick that goes on you're like that's
good that's probably it would have to be
but it goes on fine and then it's all
like kind of baggy down all right listen
I think that's why I hate wearing
jewelry is my knuckle are you saying you
don't want to wear a wedding ring that's
kind of tricky it'll go on should I put
it on
oh I don't know I don't know about that
one okay how does that feel it's up
better I mean it has to be that cuz the
other one's way too loose oh my head
you're like so weird with her hang on
not even notice all that I'm married
alright that's it the ring is gone it's
gone
so they gave imma open it yet but they
give Cora a gift they all seen our video
or the proposed video and they gave her
I guess super cool so obviously I'm kind
of freaking out I think anybody would be
probably why they they do this but I was
like how does this ring because this
ring has to travel to be done so I'm
kind of freaking out like you have to
give it you have to like you have to
ship this thing to be redone and it's
crazy I'm like freaking out and he said
this particular ring goes only by Brinks
truck that is crazy girl like it doesn't
go in the mail it doesn't goes by a
Brinks truck so that's crazy
next up we're going to look for a
mountain bike for her how you gonna try
them out yeah
dangerous alright on the move I don't
know if I even came out but we're going
to look for Brit mountain bike something
we can trail ride um I don't know if you
guys notice but I love riding bikes any
kind of bike anywhere on the road and
the dirt on a hill I love bikes
I got myself a mountain bike that I'll
officially you know take you guys on
these journeys and stuff but Britt wants
to do it so we're gonna go find her a
bike or at least look but you did wear
the wrong like bike tryouts
yeah it's all about size like we're not
going to the airport I'm so I miss my
exit
we're trying to go to the airport we're
not leaving staying in Ohio's beautiful
we got a we're doing the less than what
kind a bike she needs
I miss preference I have front back but
you don't need back I like from at least
yeah you're being recorded right now he
said I could because I've been coming
here since I was a kid I've never bought
my like first BMX bike right here in
this store as a little kid dude that is
totally Korra's Christmas maybe present
don't watch this oh yeah from room
unfortunately we didn't find the right
bike which stick I love like I love this
place I've been coming here since I was
a kid I always try to come here first
give them my business first but we're
gonna keep moving like it's alright I
don't know you probably at the airport
for five minutes so we are we're back on
the move we're gonna head home see what
the kids are doing Brittany her sister
her mom I'm gonna take Cora in the kit
not all the kids I'm gonna keep before
this right and they got they're going to
look it up bars
that's poisonous cable all right what's
up dude what up toothless what up
highlights almost said almost forgot to
say what Oh binky balm buddy you haven't
shown once you show them you are one
hang on let me get some focus boom
another tooth came out dude you have I
think Cora has more teeth than you right
now honestly
where's this girl ah little serious girl
hey you guys this computer shut off okay
you got to shut your computers down
because they're going to kill the power
of the house no power no power loud so
you guys know we had like this crazy ha
no no you gotta shut it down shut it
down not just turn it back off you guys
know we well maybe you do maybe don't
you remember like every year we lose
power and then I have to like i generate
her blew up
I'm not kidding one day I wasn't home
none of us were home and all my
neighbors start calling me I mean text
calls dude your houses on fire I start
freaking out luckily not wasn't two
months ago that was last year the year
before was a while ago
luckily my luckily the security guard
that was at the house at that time was
also an off-duty fireman so he ran back
and got everything but our generator
literally went up like well and it's
connected to the house of a super scary
situation
they're here installing the brand-new
generator so we'll have the whole this
one's you this one I don't think we
showed him your sticker did came home so
this one powers the entire house when
the power goes out the entire house is
lit up lost power
everything works when it goes out
everything more everything works that
crazy welcome to the Future son or in
the future
alright show him how to turn shut that
down all the way come on here see what
build it Brian's building flash what's
so dude I see you didn't put the cat in
the pond that's good dude you're making
a mess look at all that dirt bro we just
got grass just so this is gonna be like
one of those outdoor Zeebo gazebo does a
bio and we're gonna like concrete
padding like a stamped concrete you know
how to do that beautiful flowers what
these are look what's the actual flower
what is this
is an aggressive or what's touching me
it's poking me this is better just a
walk huh there's a big world out here
this isn't the living room dog he's like
what is that what is that little one you
guys got a little one now
not interested the Western Center money
right here yeah if you guys watch the
vlog where we lost Britney's ring had to
go back though tells like a whole thing
we left money in the hotel room and they
mailed it to us we actually got it they
did mail us everybody it's two thousand
dollars crazy
I'll see you super soon no power means
no games means outside play that's just
pool water come on yo can do it kids
turn it into a fish you can hold his
breath forever now I remember what he
won't even put his head underwater
I can't get him to come up is that pull
I want to kick you in so bad lucky daddy
loves you now we need a receiver go to
go get it game you kind of dive under
like a scuba man scoober Steve
good luck Teddy you can do it mr. toes
got to give some love to our sponsors
over at seat you guys
if you don't have the app downloaded it
is completely free it is in the top link
of my description you gotta check it out
thinking as you guys know when I
proposed to Britt they gave us tickets
to Kevin Hart like literally Kevin Hart
great seats for Kevin Hart they've sent
us the twenty one pilots they've you
name it they've done it for us they have
been a huge partner for this channel and
they always give back to you guys as
well every time they do a sponsorship on
this channel they give you guys $20 off
using promo code Romans so if you want
to order some - it's a ticket out I pull
up is that let me let me just pull up
this I always show you the app but I'm
not sure I'm gonna show you again so
guys just in case you don't well here's
the app first of all and again it's free
let's just say you want to go to a
concert
sporting a Broadway show comedy show
Music Festival they
got you everything you want to go to but
let's say Oh MBA finals alright you
click on it and then it shows you what
our good prices and what our bad prices
if they're red they're way overpriced
if they're green they're good deals and
you can find look you can find a green
right beside a red look at that look at
that price difference literally couple
grand difference the app just helps you
find the best price guys we use it all
the time Brittany's not here I guess I
can tell you they got Britney night
Kenny Chesney tickets which for Britney
is like huge like she's gonna flip out
she's super excited so guys um check it
out like why why pay too much just get
the app it's free try it get some
tickets use promo code Roman 20 bucks
off done for that easy seriously listen
to me all nasty if you don't listen to
me ever listen to me on this guy's link
in the top of the description no kids
were making fun of his face he was
making a funny face now he's like come
on stop it stop it stop it no we love
you blue I hope you're trapped your job
he wants to be one of the boys yes show
you guys song forgot come on you got one
two come on
so Britney's really good about ordering
all of me Cain and Noah the craziest
things like she will surprise like walls
to anything you can think of she'll just
play hey I got you guys something like
she's the best at that well she got us
something really cool kids got one too
welcome to the smile more store store
store store step on back into my office
boys check it out it's a real-life booty
bomb now if I throw it we all start
dancing so I'm not gonna drop it has to
be plugged in I thought it would just
have a battery in it cool though as a
remote can like change the colors and
stuff and make it do different things
yeah yeah well that's my new streaming
camera too right here
so I don't have any of you guys ever
watched my twitch streams I haven't done
many I want to do more first of all like
I've not forgot how to make the quality
perfect like I go to other streamers and
it looks so good and then I look at my
own like why is this so good so I'm
working on that but to start with I'd no
camera and I ordered this forever ago so
I'm excited that it's finally here
No I need a glass go ahead let's do it
better streams it's about to happen
yeah cane make that noise boy whoa this
thing's going crazy so I know everybody
uses aim baby I'm gonna ask you this
really nice so a lot of people use DSLRs
and I and chase and everyone I know is
tried to make it work and we just can't
I don't know what we're doing wrong this
is why I just stick to trying to do
YouTube videos I don't know this is my
current stream camera and I'm just not
happy with it's not tight enough so this
is like the more advanced HD high tech
4k version
I might have on accident yeah what up
that's tight so this is the HD and this
is the 4k so we'll give it a shot
hopefully it's a bombs coming out bogey
will eat you to Train my name is Kane I
love you too okay change it change it
it's got all these set hands you see
that's awesome
don't make me dance don't make me dance
dude what is a peon
oh it's bacon what are these red ones
those are french fries dude come on I
kind of want the chocolate I'm going
glazed I'm going original I would get
that seems easy it's like a hot dog no
way that is salted holy no no they're
not did it did it did it did it did it
hi baby Oh camera shutter day oh my
you're gonna have to get in the pool
water
how was it good
sweet I think we got two I think we got
you with new tires on them right here
you ready
well it's not it's not bumper car sit up
good listen to me you run into trouble
boom turns off okay we need to build a
racetrack out in the dirt dirt track
I'll be your starter Oh got it she get
daddy's go-kart out I'll come catch up
huh Oh what summers coming man I know it
was from sitting so long as a lump in
the tire look look at him he's bouncing
like this hair daddy's gotta get his
go-kart out needs to get out so I'm
sitting here for like a while it's been
want to go out and should be like some
serious trail like long try they have
all these trails all over the state like
you just go forever
what you know about oh yeah look at our
big doubles like growing grass footrace
for you wanna race
aw little eater I feel like I'm in a
monster truck wait you're not gonna have
Brian do that I feel like Dominic
Toretto right now supering up my boys
hot rod
you got that lump in the back tire so
must steal that tire who do I miss one
cuz that was not running right now good
job say thanks for the blankie cane Oh
Jack Jack Jack Jack it up already
alright now you gotta crank it this way
just pump it up pump it up pump up man
you turn it here now pump pump it up
that'll work that'll work okay so I
figured out what happened over the
winter we put like sometimes it fix it
flat or some type of sealer inside and
then it's sat so okay that's too high
dude roll so now it's sat and now
there's a flat hard spot and these back
tires I hope it's just the back tears
they're just switch the one still
bouncing pretty good no so here we are
no power in the house guys almost done
he's got like one more hour and we will
be fully generalized next time there
will be no no power will just happen
well luckily smaller sorts I'm a
separate separate power grids we're just
out here hanging out looking at the
fishies yeah we're just hanging out
literally it's gonna be 10 p.m. it's
almost 9 p.m. right now it's gonna be 10
p.m. he said one more hour it's gonna
literally be dark out fully nighttime by
the time he's done I know next time the
power goes out we'll be set so it's
worth it maybe it's worth it hoorah
no you don't go to bed at 10:00 you get
a bit of 10:01 come on let's go check
out the store yeah we got some orders to
fill
she could already be working Caine give
her some order forms you going to mommy
you tired of work you it's hard organ
her muscles you can do it come on go on
you freak you're out see I love she
likes shrugs her shoulders wings yeah Oh
sleepy core
are you sleepy
you trying to give it to me you try you
just she took every one of those uh I
hope you're ready to put them in
packages even the flash can't figure out
what's going on I know we know what
power dude iPhone cases Coors get them
all out for you she's yeah you know show
them they will come with a custom
footprint oh we're going in the dark
house we're going in the dark house
gotta be done soon
it's so dark it's so dark
oh well in a house that is used to lots
of power outages we got lots of
flashlights that's our thing lots of
them well the thing is I have power in
my office the smile werster is a totally
separate building well maybe this is
just a good time to end the vlog all our
lovely viewers before we say goodbye I
have a feeling it has nothing to do with
what I just said what it would what oh
okay I'm saying goodbye for the day okay
you can blonde far-off look at you she's
one of the little humans now no power no
problem kids have to manually play it's
a new thing 20:18 manual class you guys
partying dance Korra dance girl all
right it's time by the way I'm so sorry
for shooting in 30 frames
I just realized in the last vlog it was
not in 60 and I just realized right now
that I'm still possibly in 30 so I
apologize for that next one and fix your
blurry camera
do you look at this big worm at the
bottom look at how you think you so
anything oh there's so much it you never
see the starfish poking out of the
leather weird
well the starfish look awesome thank you
guys for hanging out with us today we
will see you soon thanks for supporting
the blogs in this family for so so long
hi nitro we love you guys keep that big
beautiful smile on your face you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
you
