alright guys welcome to the vlog we are
back in Ohio and I pretty much was just
gonna skip the entire flight and just
start the vlog here in Ohio what's going
on what's not an inch off but I made it
I know that feeling
mommy almost hit a car so guys we're
back home for three for three it's sunny
again this is our third time flying home
to the sunshine beautiful day in Ohio
gorgeous kind of like you I was gonna
skip the whole flight I was like let's
just start the vlog in Ohio how many
times can I show the same flight over
and over on the vlogs my side of the
pillow music montage the coolest thing
is we're at the airport we're sitting
we're waiting for our flight and I saw
not a smile more shirt a new smile more
shirt and the kid lives in LA los
angeles it's already gotten Los Angeles
my mind was blown so we are alone we've
spent most of our day flying it's
already 552 p.m. let's make the best of
it let's start fresh hope you're having
a great day if you're not let's start
right now whatever problems you're
having push them aside for the next 10
minutes or however long this fog is
let's have a good day man slap a smile
on your face
dude our little Bush our little our
little tree bloom dude this flowers
everywhere let's go see our puppies
let's go see our puppies hi mom how are
you hi sizes you're still be here yeah
look out Thalia these as tall as you
came oh this is all you care about right
here that's it that's it so he cares
about you missed you more than me yeah
Oh flash he's got a little alligator
teeth hey boy Oh feels good to be home
ma mom I get to be home for one day oh
sure she won't meet tomorrow so if your
clothes rings she done it she did it why
they already been chugging No
so flat I think flash miss me do you
miss me
easy easy easy boy
not wasting no time we are starving we
have not eaten today like I had to I did
I just bought a breakfast no she had two
bites of it and I had a few drinks of
water and I had a few little hard
pretzel things will you drink this milk
Brittany no just water flash that's
really nice you two hook flash up with
some water just giving him water how's
the fishies doing let's see oh it's so
blue that looks a little better still
pretty blue oh yeah big snail sucking on
the glass everyone's still rocking
everyone's still here and then on this
side of the tank it's got a little port
hole inside Caine's bedroom that you can
see into the tank love it I look so
pretty from inside here Hey look at you
that is awesome game daddy can't even do
that do it again do it again dude you're
so fast at it that's crazy
no it was almost here yeah
think he's here no I think Noah's here
huh see anybody out there
you see anybody out there flash you see
buddy the Akane was just chanting your
name no uh no pretty much gonna go check
on everything make sure everything's
good we're gonna go check on the store
check on the the aquarium in the store
whoa 360 so much I want to do in so
little time to do it man I just want to
play and goof off whoo it's cold in here
okay there's the e oh he's kinda out he
doesn't really come out that much Oh cuz
I just turned the lights on they're all
hiding back in the the reef this tank is
it's not glass it's acrylic it's so
clear that it almost looks like there's
no glass like it almost looks like
there's nothing there
it's crazy
I wish this eel would just come out and
say hi you see him movement I heart
attack
look at him yeah he's coming out that's
his face right there he never did that
before
there's my little clown sugar dude
that's Noah's favorite the Harlequin
tusk he's got like these bright blue
teeth he's in your own favorite fish
alright guys here's the goal daddy has
to go over both ramps on this did make
it it's so bumpy I need a soft seat this
meets what you're worried about yeah
you're gonna try it
welcome to the club kid all right now
let's sit you ain't even got back wheels
you got swivels plus I think you could
make it try again you got to go over the
second ramp here he comes ladies and
gentlemen round to play area darn right
it's our play area that's the best play
of the house now no it's not let's do it
oh all right
fun little family project anybody can do
this and I'm not gonna sell an expert at
this I'm probably done since I was in
school but we're gonna do a paper
airplane contest dude that's where you
wear a helmet always good after drinks
um all right let's do this
here's what I thought would make this
fun markers everybody color your plant
do you want to build the plane first
then color it or do you want to color
paper and then build a plane that's true
all right let's do it
you're not gonna get a paper airplane
what do you mean no straight up I'm no
paper airplane expert I know there's a
million ways to make a paper airplane
but this is how I used to do it as a kid
this is exactly what I would do
oh that's good I think the main
objective is get that point it's all
about that point but then these don't
line up you know I'm all about that
point about that point we're just gonna
keep we're just gonna keep folding it
man
I literally keep folding it no yours
done
flatten it down squish it down make it
real fast okay how's that how's that
look did you like it
okay you can have this one you now color
it oh that's good I think we got some
stiff competition out here you just did
all that oh my gosh whoa just a big turn
have you seen there's people that take
like they make a paper airplane they go
up on top of like a skyscraper and they
throw the paper airplane it goes so far
yeah I guess for that matter of people
also taking watermelons and bowling
balls and throw mops
because we don't want it we don't
influence that we're doing little living
room activities okay I think if you did
that like what you just said like that
I'll turn it no stop playing but we're
going for distance here speed so now so
now you want to take and continue to
bend like that make it narrow sleek fast
how you doing mr. concentration this is
fun I love it every planes different I
gotta cover mine I absolutely do
everything upside down all right we got
team Noah
we got Brit speed Brit speed all right
Kane fell in love with my planes so now
that's his and I am now team Kane all
right throwers get up to the line we
don't have a line where you guys wanna
throw from how about we start back here
okay one two three
okay
no one's with the furnace this way
months gone look mine turn this way oh
look where it is came look you know what
I knew it stumped so I made the artwork
cool so that I can have your place okay
alright now it's you to me and Kane are
out our plane our planes keep turning
your guys are going nice and straight so
this is for the finale
Oh
Brit speed how is it that I taught you
both how to make the plane and both of
the ones I made stick
let me do it let me let me see what it
feels like just throwing them alright
ready here we go
whoa so good alright
I think Brit takes it Brit takes it
tonight she takes she takes the paper
airplane distance competition
dude does not even look like a puppy
anymore look at it
he's hits almost bigger than yours
already alright guys that was fun it was
really fun I can't believe how different
I can't believe all different every
plane is even though we designed we did
it all the same but they all fly totally
different so weird it's so weird to hear
that he's asking if he's 32 or 33
you're 33 if he's Tony 33 have no
recollection of how old I am
that is so weird I thought you had me
going you said 32 and I honestly believe
in Furman I was like whoa
I never thought they can happen where
you actually lose track of your age
remember I know we had the horror you
met with Shay - you didn't know how old
he was
wow that's so weird ed just happened to
me well unfortunately we spent a lot of
time today traveling he got in late and
didn't leave us much time for a vlog but
it is did I change yeah took up my
hoodie and changed my shirt cuz i stunk
like an airplane but ok it's ok my
Airport just sleeps so good like just
perfect just sleep great you know what I
mean you know I mean your lights on or
lights off tonight I know you're kind of
like I love you buddy
sod it
well how'd you get pain to pass out what
kind of magic spell did you cast on our
boy
actually I just cheese we're wrapping
the vlog up that's exactly we're doing
we're saying goodbye
thanks for coming home with us back to
Ohio again I'm only here for well by the
time you're watching this unpacking to
leave for tour so it's gonna be great
it's gonna be fun I get to come hang out
with you guys lots of you guys man these
are big shows there's only two three
thousand Cedars like this big for me
yeah I'm not you I don't perform I'm not
performing on stage like to me when I
walk out today Brit is gonna be joining
me for a lot of shows not all of them Oh
anyways we gotta go guys thank you again
for being here man I I don't know what
to say about today's but I don't you
know what I filmed like literally we got
home I walked around with the camera we
goofed off we play we made paper
airplanes and that's it we love you guys
so much thank you we will see you
tomorrow if you watch this entire blog
this is what I'm curious about is like
on the days that we're not doing
anything exciting I'm curious to see who
watches to the end of these video so
tell me leave a comment tell me if you
watch this whole video like up to this
point right now love you guys we'll see
you tomorrow you're beautiful you're one
makaan stay positive man smile more try
to swing try to swing home whoa get John
get John King
