get on a big airplane yeah let's do it
you're already up oh my gosh I don't ask
you did you even go to bed
heavy yeah here we go good day to be
getting out here yeah you ready yeah
yeah are you to drive I can drive
we are pretty fast huh got it check teen
check Noah check luggage check guys
ready for some fun huh
right guys we have made it late of
course very very very late let's do it
let's do it we're actually simulating to
Brittany just ran in to check us in we
were running in late is he out with
tradition how we doing good Kane just
ate it I didn't catch it on film he's
bagman he went playing we got tickets I
got a fly all we gotta do to get through
security which is it all online we're
good we got this
thank you mister that one what time did
I place their boarding oh my gosh plus
somehow we're here okay we're good to go
okay thank you so much beautiful our
seats are everywhere man like the
weirdest seats on our next light we have
two flights today on our next plane
I don't think any of us are scheduled to
sit beside each other
you really got my charge oh I brought an
extra one to go look at my hair it's
going on so we are in what Minneapolis
leading Annapolis from Minneapolis
Minneapolis many many I've heard it both
ways out of my my own mouth
we're gonna go with Minneapolis we are
in Minneapolis we have a quick layover
here
it's although we were super late out we
landed super early so we're good that's
great we have definitely never been to
Minnesota so we're gonna add it to our
magnet wall I don't think a Minnesota
bullshit well guy this year Minnesota
has eleven thousand lakes with ninety
thousand miles of shoreline
that's more than Hawaii California and
Florida combined that's pretty crazy
started at the bottom now we're here
started up the part of him shut up dad
shut up dad put me to dad there we go
now
I touched uh-huh you mean the one I
wasn't filming
can you just stepped in gum dude like
the longest strip of gum I've ever seen
in my life okay here here's step down
step down step down walk that way
walk that way walk keep walking keep oh
my gosh dude that's bad as of now we are
all sitting away from each other we
don't have a single seat together so
Brittany's up here doing her thing
look at these two wild animals we're off
good work mommy at least got two of us
together 29b man you might as well just
sit outside
this is all us right here one this one
oh here's the good stuff did you fall
you want the very back seat all right
you can have the back seat you help me
load this up I can't lift this stuff in
my own dude I need your muscles there it
is there it is our 2d2 weighs a lot the
next step for us is we've got a minivan
with a sweet booster seat for Brit we're
taking a big old road trip hopping in
this van the old petticoat has a DVD
player you really want to drive you
don't the keys
I can take that bottom piece off and
just spark it together
jump it I'm using the force really don't
think I'm seriously about to go to a
minivan like there's so much more
realistic journey begin picture we got
it
sure she's gonna honk at me every single
time
aah
oh you think it's funny Punk see you're
like advance now see come to the dark
side do we can rock Feeny pranks and
drunk minivans all
oh really looks like you're driving on
right now honey of you drive on
different side of road here
oh absolutely beautiful covered in
mountains it's 90 degrees Wow look at
this guy look at this guy what do you
think he's going what the heck is a
Buffalo turbine what is that thing
did we get a whole movie on the red box
dude oh my gosh let's see if they got
old let's see if they got movies in here
oh they do come on will it play blu-ray
I have no idea I'll look these have four
movies look at her alien
all right tell me if this is a good idea
you guys tell me if this is a good idea
they make these phones this is basically
a burner phone you get it and then you
you buy minutes you buy minutes on it
what do you think about us getting a
burner phone giving out the phone number
on the vlog and then we just randomly
turn it on now and then answer calls
it'd be kinda cool it'd be crazy so just
randomly like one day we just turn on
the phone and we answer calls well you
guys hit that jackpot out of all the
move it is pretty bad movie selection
you guys nailed it look we got the only
good Willy Wonka and bull a Yogi Berra
spit what a weird like that it's a weird
that's all they had sit back relax enjoy
the ride and shut up I am so glad we got
movies
good thing we got the 4-pack dude that's
a frigging mousse dude I never stop I've
never seen him most before look how big
a thing is my camera sucks it gets
blurry okay guys this is the part of the
vlog that's a little hard to explain and
I don't actually I've been trying to
like prepare on how we tell them but I
haven't been able to just you can tell
them go for it we moved or we're moving
house long story short this trip is
actually about us getting a new house we
are moving like we are no longer going
to be living in Ohio and we have gotten
this could be our brand-new house well
we haven't we haven't bought it yeah
apparently the owners it's still in
their name but it still belongs to the
original owners so if we like it we have
to like we have to put a bid in and we
have to I know it's really like fresh
too and there's like you know there's
like adorable pictures on the wall they
must have kids right wait somebody hide
hide hide hide hide I got it somebody's
here
we're trying to think of a fun way to
introduce the two families coming
together this week for a crazy week of
fun vlogs and family is the most
important thing about this whole week
coming together becoming one giant
family and we hope you like your house
thing this is definitely not our house
this house is gorgeous so good to see
you guys
the Shaytards this looks cool man thanks
forget the door my man this your spot
this is our spot
we're talking wings we're talking
burgers we're talking they have water
they got they got water
you're in luck food blogs that's what I
used to say every time I'm good okay
we've been eating so much so fast that I
mean pulled off the camera you guys were
right about the wings are unbelievable
they're the best
and how's your cane is it good laughs
news going down these two
they're definitely gonna burn something
down this week look at that face look at
that face
yeah that's a burn down face we ordered
more insurance pains coming to town I
need a hundred thousand at once you know
we call them hurricanes
that's his name I went through you guys
feel better you full you ready to run
dude it gives us so much energy bottled
up from this trip it's already 11:15
p.m. at home like it's the morning yeah
right you're gonna crash and burn boy
all right so we're gonna do yes yes come
out with abandon take the grand pecker
and the marginal Rolly we are doing the
classic we're gonna get some sports more
supplies Hey look these hot chicks over
here
what so I want to get some more stuff
that is a kitchen on there everybody
knows the graham cracker marshmallow and
chocolate now can you do different
colors it like classic Hershey
chocolates the only one to what if you
did a Twix trying a different chocolate
what if we did like yeah let's spin a
bunch of chocolates okay tickle em
tickling tickling look your dad is
looking for all the s'more stuff and
it's right here oh look how they're
trying to micromanage our smooth by
introducing this Hershey's chocolate we
need different kind different let's put
a Ricci cup in the middle of the hall
yeah it's like such an obvious idea but
I'm like
wailing this is it this is it right here
let's just try it what is the best force
more other than a regular Hershey's
chocolate
we're gonna go mr. good well I explained
it
chocolate marshmallow everybody yeah
KitKat
we're gonna try everything what about
her she's white chocolate white
chocolate yeah yeah we're gonna get
KitKat mr. good hello
we need these two thrown an overboard
trick or treat
oh yeah let's get them let's get the
kids bed at a reasonable time tonight
we're buying a cart full of candy and a
box of advil this a responsible parent
you're wanting up you're one of me oh I
thought you were gonna do it
you guys are from around here dude where
did they go we got to catch them okay
we're going to get firewood we're gonna
get firewood for s'mores alright here we
are that's fun isn't it he's awesome I'm
gonna put the kitchen do you want to
drive down no you watch out there we go
it's definitely no wood shortage around
here oh gosh did I want to help you so
badly who's gonna vlog I got this oh
this is a this is a burner right here
you see that kindling take a look at
this beautiful beast what's up Zeke come
here boy come here
you're huge it's like a baby horse Oh
like I'm actually a medium sized horse
okay can you explaining how Big E is
it's hard to tell big ears look at that
oh hey you forget about you oh my gosh
that's a horse
oh this is real deal yep it sound like
Kane yep real deal is the real deal did
I'm excited eat these s'mores alright
it's it's about to get really creative
up in here we've got a lot of choices a
lot of different chocolates
I like your your cracker idea Packer
deck I'm gonna do with that dude the
kids are putting starbursts on there I'm
gonna go with the white chocolate on
KitKat I think that's that's a smart
move
definitely alright so we thought the
rice fix the camera luckily this is why
you travel if you guys are vlogging to
try to get an extra backup camera
because I've already had to use one that
was right there so the camera came on
just fine it actually recorded I think
now it won't turn off it's just stuck on
so I don't know I'm gonna leave it in
there for the night
hopefully it lives so a huge huge thank
you to Shea and his beautiful family for
letting us stay in this amazing but oh
my gosh King you're crazy they have this
really cool studio that's attached to
their house and it's unbelievable look
at this we got our own bed no I'll show
them your bed
show them your bed boy look at this you
should totally put the big lead beanbag
love stack down here in case you roll
off
but I can just did you guys have a fun
day
yeah good first day man it was a blast
we got here safe two flights a road trip
is just so good man I know we got lots
of days to come I have to clear one
thing up before I end this vlog and that
is yesterday I told you I would be
live-streaming on live got me on
Wednesday it is actually Thursday it is
Thursday not Wednesday please spread the
word I will put the link in the
description live got me check it out it
is so much fun we're gonna do live with
the Shaytards with our kids with Brit
download live dot me link in the top of
the description it's for your mobile
phones and I believe I don't know even
know if I'm supposed to say this but the
app is going to be worldwide very soon
so if you can't get it yet it is coming
be patient we will be live-streaming
with you super seen so go follow me help
me I'm tired so we love you guys so much
thanks for coming along with us look
thank you guys for coming along with us
we have have to get these kids to bed I
have a feeling we're gonna burn a lot of
energy tomorrow if there's anything you
want to see us do as two big families
we're coming at it as one this week
anything you want to see us do here in
this crease like there in the mountains
it's beautiful boating skiing climbing
you name it we're gonna do it so uh if
there's anything you want to see us do
leave it in the comments we will see it
a while you're beautiful keep your head
up you're one of a kind don't forget how
important you are
smile more you can get my finger do you
can feel it
it's feeding time this is like see the
shrimps
