welcome to the vlog I am making an
incredible mess as usual I'm building my
super to go travel check on case that's
what this is right here you want to help
me or what you just won't play ball I
love this dog dude I love this dog we
got one shot Zeus we got one shot to
impress him
there's my fault bad throw as a terrible
throw
I'm sorry does it made you look bad we
are getting ready to go on a big trip me
Kane Noah Brittany to a very special
location and I want it to be a surprise
that it's kind of an overdue trip that's
been not planned for a long time and
actually does anyone know where I'm
talking about this is something that
it's been said in the vlogs it's been
something we've hinted for a long time
it's a big family trip so I thought what
better time to build this box I've been
working on you guys solve a little one
and this is my actual like taking
everything trip Brittany is on her way
to get me she has been over her mother's
it's her 50th birthday her 50th birthday
and of course I was buried in vlog stuff
this morning so she is coming to get me
right now and uh yeah come on let's
redeem let's redeem it drop it
let's redeem that was my fault I made
you look bad um ready
there's my boy that's my boy all right
guys so let's start this vlog let's have
a great day I hope you were able to put
a big smile on your face in any problems
you're having I hope you can put them to
the side for this blog let's start fresh
let's have a good day put that big
beautiful smile on your face let's do it
who's that Zeus who's that Hey he called
you out Hey
oh it's totally I do I was cutting some
lumber out back maybe that's what it is
the man since so real quickly I cut the
top off of this box and sunk it into
this foam so I can travel like no no
it's awesome I don't think you guys know
this one ah but Brittany's mom is like a
karaoke fanatics we are gonna take and I
think give it to her you think I mean
she wants it so bad she's been asking
for this thing and to be honest we don't
use it that much and I'm sure if we want
to use it
she'll let us borrow it there should be
a key that should be in the phone plan
dude this isn't gonna make your mom's
birthday so awesome it is awkward we got
this baby it's the dream team we're
going on a little bit of a surprise trip
we leave Tuesday I was telling these
guys that's big it's a big deal like
we've been wanting to do this for a long
time it's will over - there has been
lots of hints throughout the months and
these vlogs were where we're going and
who we're going with and it's just super
exciting cannot wait to do it sucks that
this weather's bad
it's like right now we're just headed
over to hang out with her mom and I
enjoy her birthday for a little bit and
then we have we were doing this
experiment that we wanted to do all week
and we never did it to be really funny
we that was a cool little campsite
that's our tent oh I see my little man
where'd he go Rudy can he's around here
somewhere
this is what you want is this what you
want do this dog is awesome watch how
fast this dog is you ready I know yeah
ready set go get it oh my god hope
you're ready to party see what we
brought you karaoke machine now we said
we're gonna give it to you no way yeah
do you want it that's what it's trying
to explain if anybody likes karaoke it's
pretty smother maybe we can find happy
birthday and all karaoke it you got so
many choices 7000 kids party karaoke I
got all my karaoke I know we want to go
to your house and get it all this is
camping in 2016 huh this is this is nice
but the karaoke machine adds a lot you
see this chair
thank you hey cane when you were a baby
you rolled off this bed down these steps
that's crazy
bigger than an airplane bathroom whoa
this is so cool
I can pay everybody hold on we're go to
woods this is a path oh this is awesome
oh it's all in its game oh I got it dude
we gotta wait does that mean we went to
phone
we got a golf cart with mud tires
Oh God ah I can't block and drive I get
a flogging Oh mud should we go through
that no no no we go fast
you're so frog I wasn't a frog as a
ninja turtle somebody somebody been
drinking kool-aid tonight are you guys
ready to see the grossest thing you've
ever seen in your life
Oh fingers all right
it's fine this things about to your
straight fire hope you guys are having
such a good day man the karaoke machine
is quite Oh Kenny and I are getting the
fire going looks good dude you're
getting started well now there's a
little karaoke sessions over how you
having a good birthday
Britt why don't you get parents saying
your stuff um I didn't have enough
orange juice I've had anyone this dog is
beat he partied the hardest my buddy
we are going home to do a really
interesting experience so excite we
wouldn't want to do this for week but we
never did it
poor zoo we tried to take zoo's poor dog
he can't even get in the truck anymore
so I need to find I need to find like if
anybody knows of any good like literally
a ramp to go in our truck the dog my dog
who's can't get in the truck anything
else
last time was Shawn I tried to get him
in today but let's go get Zeus there's
my boy my boy I think he missed you more
he smells all the puppies on you you do
okay so here's the idea so I've never
seen this done maybe you guys have I
have not done any research maybe it's
been done before but the other day
Britney got those bath bombs have you
seen him they're like circle balls you
put them in the bath oh they can be
square they could be any shape you put
them in the bathtub and then they fizz
like all the kids love them what would
happen if we put like a hundred of these
in the bathtub here's here's okay yeah
let me show them that okay so this is I
said let's order a hundred bath bombs
all right look at this thing this
thing's huge
look what showed up should we try one
out let's try one out it is toxic they
are like the whole room smells
incredibly like Caine throw one in let's
see what happens right oh dude that's
pretty cool
oh yeah what do you think a hundred is
gonna do what color do you think the
water is gonna be when we're done all
right how should we do it just dump the
whole bucket in yes do you want to stand
in with mommy all right here we go 100
bath bombs dude we've been waiting all
week on you've been wanting to do this
all week Kayne every single
we're doing the bath bombs with I'm like
we can't today let's do it so we're
gonna hand on the mommy
oh just fell in okay all right are you
ready to dump
are you ready came okay that would be
King you should get in there it feels
like oh my gosh the whole bottom dip
your hand in oh it's like a salt oh
there's there's still half size look how
much current it's mixing in it it's
almost like blackish look at that it
sounds amazing just look at the color of
the tub it's turning black a hundred
bath bombs will turn your tub black but
the green ones were the ones that were
left this yeah they lasted the longest
and we've created some type of toxicity
dude my hands got like a thick film on
them yeah it's like gonna clog our drain
well that was pretty cool huh I can't
imagine
yeah breathe air what do you guys think
you guys want to see the big ones I will
order them I can't believe they're so
small oh well anyway it's cool
experiment God you did it wasn't it is
crazy as I thought that is cool it's
something different I've never seen
before
alright Clermont mr. awesome climb up
steps into on the backwards man
backwards man backwards man backwards
man no kisses alright bye
I just want you to know that mommy and
daddy love you so much I think this is
supposed to be Keane wasn't it it was
supposed to be Kane but he was so
freaked out over it we just said it was
daddy it is daddy it is time to call it
a night is time to end this vlog I hope
you guys had just a perfect day man I
hope it really was good maybe it's early
morning and you're just starting your
day I hope it is perfect think positive
positive things will happen
as always guys thank you so much so much
for being here every day I don't I don't
know if you guys know this but over the
last 7 day like the last week we have
been in the top like 5 or like in in the
10 most subscribed channels of the whole
week like it is absolutely crazy so
thank you guys from being here and
always thank you at the end because I
know and if you're watching at the end
you actually do watch the vlogs and
you're not just clicking on it because
of that thumbnail or that title will
caught your eye you guys actually watch
the vlog so thank you for that one more
day into our big family trip it is gonna
be so much fun and definitely really fun
for the vlogs we're gonna we're just
gonna do so much cool stuff so I'm
excited about it
thanks again for being here thank you
for always liking and sharing the vlogs
you guys have really blown this channel
up man is not me I can't I'm not sitting
here taking credit for this man it is
you guys you are always working
sharing in and liking understand just
spreading the message of smile more and
it's awesome I don't know what to say
it's awesome we will see you guys
tomorrow thank you for everything and
tell me the comments where are we going
where are we going what are we doing
there has been hints you're beautiful
you're one of a kind
