starting to sprinkle it's been all day
all night off and on welcome to the vlog
guys how are you it is a swirl of water
Mito I flash what's up buddy
boom it has been like a video game here
today like if you had the settings to
just hit a button that said rain just
like that it's like rain Sun rain Sun
it's like these little pop-ups blue rain
hey how's my ladies ladies yeah buddy
what hi hi Cora she could care less you
know I can tell she had my camera cuz my
screen that pops up is all scratched up
she takes everything and drags it now
across the floor clearing her phone you
just in there fix two showerheads oh my
god no wonder is just drizzling out it's
all fall that's why smell like a raccoon
baby take the cover off sure what up
bright man my legs so welcome guys
welcome to our day it's sort of get hot
nice and warm and we've already used
they actually used they went off the
tower yesterday for the first time up
the drop tower somewhere over here there
and notice that can you get the winch
out there the pole winch I thought that
could be a lot of fun you really want to
do that hurry awesome
you got the rough life boy you got the
rough life let's go check this thing out
we last time we had it I think we did
canoes kayaks in the river and all the
kids have never tried it so it could be
perfect break you wanna try it put you
on the paddle board full speed huh
that's today oh my god em says make it
stop raining my Baxters dried off how
much of a camera guy lately oh maybe
don't like vlogging you found it up go
let's go alright no when I was getting
this out let's get this thing this is
our this is our pool winch this thing
it's super fun it's a blast actually I
try to grab it grab it grab it on the
hitch I don't know yeah
pick it up oh yeah you got this you got
this
it's okay it's a snowplow let's just
reapply the driveway this winter you
want
pointing guys across the pond yes well
you cross the pool so it's a super dope
because you can just hook it to the back
of the quad right here and then you take
it anywhere and it's got all this rope
controlled by this throttle and you
pretty much hook it to whatever you want
we just have a ski pole on them
we need rafts we need rafts oh yeah we
got all new tires coming for the
go-karts over the winter you guys
remember we did the ice trap we did the
ice track and we put the bolts the
screws and all the tires well now
they're flat so they're sending us all
nude oh yeah that's perfect work oh he
wants to take a ride do this one be fun
too honestly thought that was a giant
spider right there
I was about to freak out oh dude do the
knee board with that would be sweet
juice
good right good that's hard Ron right
there's innovation custom air nozzle
right there look at that I do myself
you give me tape and I'll fix it hey and
it does not even duct tape so you guys
will go off from basically near the
tower and I'll pull you straight over
boom but I'll bet you're up for this
it'll be fun right you're down it's
starting to rain we'll be right back
starting to rain so we got to wait it's
gonna rain again firing up the blue
here's what's really cool we have been
sponsored by blue apron and what's
really awesome about it is that we have
used the service the products we have
cooked this food way before we ever got
sponsored by them so it's super awesome
it's like the best if you want to sounds
like you already have meals we already
had baby I'll get you I'll not get you
comes with the little container the
pickles that you need for the burger
it's the best okay if you don't know a
blue apron it is it food service that
you or its healthy good delicious family
meals it comes with everything like they
send you these ingredient sheets and the
meals right so these are BBQ pork
burgers everything comes with everything
this is this is the family one right so
this is for like a four person family
yeah they have all different services
you can get like meals for two meals for
families so literally like everything
you can think of is here to make what
they send look I'm not kidding you get
all this right there your whole meal oh
we're doing this let's do it I love all
the like Asian meals love them I love
rice oh yeah that's kind of cool
actually the box comes packed in ice all
the me everything you guys need you got
to give this a try it's blue apron and
I'm putting in the top link in my
description the first 100 of you to sign
up for the service get $50 off the first
two weeks of your blue apron it's a
serious deal right there you get 50
bucks off so if you want a great meal
that's really really good guys I've
never had a bad blue
meal ever like I loved fired up so
that's dinner
boom ready eat one eat one baby sorry
got dinner tonight
thank you it's a good way to find new
dinners new recipes these are all the
ones we've gotten that's awesome we say
you know what your favorite Oh mom oh
yeah I should tell them my favorite one
which one was it it's so easy
I put mom please make sure you put in
fridge that one was amazing which one is
that one bought chicken stir-fry
I love this one yes it got cleaned that
was the vet that was mine yeah these two
right here have been my favorite so far
but like I said we're still trying new
ones we had the service for a while and
they always have new ones to choose from
so it's like you could switch up
anything there really is no commitment
either you can skip or cancel the
service at any time so there's really
nothing to fear here guys give it a try
top a link in my description click it
the first 100 of you to do it it's $50
off your first two weeks of blue apron I
think that's been fantastic it's pretty
fantastic you're gonna take one of the
take one of the 100 nope nope so yeah
shortly we'll be eaten like kings and
queens what's the core you got there
what's going on back there
she's stashing recipes look already it's
all drying up in the sun's back out do
we have the weirdest weather here guys
so crazy all right you ready board a
pond you ready for high speed pulling
action full throttle baby bottle I
honestly thinking Keith does the socks
on you forget to take your socks off hey
Liza can I have a look at your ice cream
I look so good
give me that ice cream let's sit let's
sit
summertime baby summers coming I can
feel it six minutes ago was raining you
know I don't want to get too carried
away or get my hopes up but guys it's
starting to look like a backyard again
like I see it's great backyard again
look it's almost all green again we got
a couple of course a couple rough
patches but that was all dirt that was
all dirt
things were looking up especially for
the front yard it was just there
literally with zero grass it's almost
all green now so and we got our hammock
up this hammock is made with my mom and
dad's rope it is so cool looks all
twisted together it's 550 paracord and
it makes a red white and blue like
American flag him it's so cool okay so I
want I want to give the kids a GoPro
pull for the ponds when I pull them we
can see the reactions boy a lot of thing
about the poles is they sink so if the
kid was to accidentally drop it or you
yourself drop your GoPro I've done it
scuba diving all the way to the bottom
of the ocean and luckily it wasn't like
70 feet so I was able to go get it but
if you're on a boat and you dropped your
pull off it would sink so I'm gonna
teach you the cheapest absolute easiest
way that I if you watched our vlogs from
the Bahamas I did it on accident so I'm
gonna do it again right now all you need
is these super cheap pool noodles noodle
only one this garage is so full dude
okay one little cheap noodle some of the
ump got it make a gotta make a tripod
here I think one some of the thinner
poles work even better because they fit
inside the hole you can literally just
slip it right over the pole I'm gonna I
just sliced mine make a little a little
a little tube like that and then maybe I
could actually get this in there no I'm
just gonna do it this way do a little
through a little VIP Oh
VIP little nipper dude ah done that's my
leg don't ever do that let's wrap this
around the pole like that and then you
have yourself a fantastic floating GoPro
I mean this will never sink and then for
safety tape the king of tape I love tape
a little tape on there boom add a little
extra now there's nowhere to really hold
on I think I cut it here cut it down cut
it down got yourself a floater bub bub
by look how dry it is now absolutely
beautiful completely sunny how long
before it rains again 20 minutes hour 30
see if I can sneak up there is like I'm
not kidding probably a million million
five had poles in my pond
see if I can get you guys a shot I'll
watch this watch this ready
I just stirred it all up with the
four-wheeler look look look look cuz
they're all tadpoles do baby frog these
are all baby frogs look at this there's
so many of them and they go all the way
around the pond okay we're gonna hook it
up give these kids a heck of a day right
here let's go come on little dude it's
well rigged up ready to go there you
just go right off the ground right
across skim you call him to skin bros
yeah about that grass thing little rough
over here
you guys ready so I'm gonna be running
the winch so it's up to you you're gonna
have to capture whatever you can capture
if you want do it you boys ready are you
ready okay we're gonna fire it up
okay ready
you're fun
well you keep up flash hmm so not so fun
poor is pulling the raft back over
there's so much resistance on this row
and it's like tug of war with the little
machine I'm just me sissy I don't know
which make the kid do it next time
that's for sure you guys ready all right
let's do it
here we go hey you a go across yeah you
ready go swimmin corbera there we go
nice and slow I'm in the middle you guys
are cold I'll be in the middle hi Brian
it was good right now yo he's gonna go
fast just so you know I already know
let's go Road Rash all right you guys
ready how you sitting I must sit no
straps allowed this time okay I'm not
allowed to hold on to anything you're
just dropping into the pond is gonna be
tricky
all right ready I'm skill boy yeah sq
dad hang on
I feel so good we all went off a little
burn
okay hopefully we have good audio we're
going up to the top and we are going to
jump off this year okay you ready
insurance company's gonna like that just
like that is Groveton already killed his
how was it so this is the final version
of blue apron honestly I'm ever you have
my word on that
we're gonna eat continue she got one you
get it have you used it no there's a
thing right here what I can't hear you
what you can take fall damage
Oh Britt's up here playing keep playing
gang just how high can you go just take
off Wow
okay falling that's pretty awesome
there's only one jet back in the whole
game no no no oh there no I just missed
it she ran out of fuel right here dude
rule of thumb there's uh there's fuel
you were gonna win this game it was
yours it was yours I decided so speaking
of games guys I haven't been streaming
at all crazy story Jake's been working
on it for days like literally we cannot
get desktop audio to play through stream
it's it's like a long story but I'm
gonna let chase try to explain to you
guys what's going on I mean it's not the
only excuse I have but I want to start
streaming again I just chase is there
any hope is there any hope yes it's
working it's good for real yeah second
solid day of working on this
everything's fine so you can stream
right now actually live if you want to
do yeah you can
it's just use the older program Oh
stream yes that constantly keeps messing
up the desktop audio which is what you
have you heared the game but it just
won't work and it's a known bug and they
haven't fixed it stream labs over this
come on you don't it so it's working
yeah it's work so I have no excuse now
to not go live like I can go live no
soon soon you looking for flash where's
flash huh
these guys are so fun donkey in flight
they need their own books like The
Adventures a donkey in flat I'm telling
you these two are never seen anything
like it like you see them videos like
this dog it fell in love with the goat
or something no he's waiting for you
you've been sleeping up here he's down
here just waiting at the steps no Oh
days flying kind timing Oh
monsters everyone's gone where is
everybody Ryan installed a new shiny no
they're hoping don't see if the
showerheads work
you think it's better are you serious
don't we live in the country you know a
well and that that means like particles
in the water iron and and whatever it is
but it over time or over time that clogs
everything so like our own show and it
was all like what are you doing what are
you trying to do different mojo nice
super exciting new showerhead gonna be
so clean mommy splashing splashing she's
so sleepy okay guys we are going to say
goodbye for today thank you so much for
hanging out with us today I had a great
time with the kids me and my boy the
boys are getting so gone like this
summer's gonna be amazing
um I hope you guys are feeling good hope
you're having a great day great night
great morning whatever time it is have a
wonderful day we love you here at the
outlet house we will see ya once an exit
book not tomorrow the next to every
other day right now kind of baby steps
baby steps of course teaching me we love
you guys so much we'll see you soon
you're beautiful
a one-of-a-kind smile more
you
