hey guys I need a new intro so badly I
can't I can't I can't even explain how
many times I do my intro now used to
just do it one time and that was it now
I don't know what it is I don't know
what to say I said hey guys welcome to
vlogger guys welcome to the vlogger they
have they have changed throughout the
time though but oh you know what I could
do I could do God mountains
oh wait that one's taken isn't it dad
what's that guy see you good morning
Internet
oh that's Charles they've all been taken
maybe a robot welcome to the block space
alien maybe I'll just start the vlog
without ever saying anything like this
where we going today baby just in case
you haven't watched the last maybe week
of vlogs Kane has become absolutely
excellent on a bicycle no training
wheels he has completely graduated into
riding a bike dude and I'm so proud of
you I'm so happy he started on a little
push bike and then I put him on I took
his training wheels off his little bike
took off on that now he's on a bigger
bite which we have borrowed so today we
were going to the bike shop to look for
Kane's very own big bike dude I love it
man whoa you are excited hey let me tell
you a cool story it's a true story ever
since I was a kid this is where I came
to get my bike stuff right here this
bike store so I thought it'd be cool to
bring Kane here
you ready yeah you can lower the seat
for sure
I like the others the other one better
though to look how awesome that friggin
bike is why are the girls bike so much
cooler I know they're awesome that one's
too small no I should not be in a bike
store like I just love bikes like I
would collect bikes look at this one
fork bike look at that you see this one
fork that's ridiculous I would be I
would be so freaked out right in that
but I think I'm in love okay gimme we
kind of struck out a little bit in there
I mean really struck out but that's okay
cuz I'm gonna get you and make sure you
have the coolest bike you've ever seen
in your life they had some cool bikes
but they're kind of more design like
almost like cruiser mountain bike style
rather than BMX and King sees me on my
bike and he wants to do that stuff so
we're gonna find you a BMX bike in for
sure helmet gloves safety first
once I was four years old
and I wanted a buy again I couldn't get
a bike we cannot eat here we cannot eat
here unattended children will be given
unlimited Red Bull and a free puppy and
have a pinball machine we're screwed
what are you is this mommy
and is this mummys eyes her boobies so
these are her eyes
was that your eggs yeah I'm circles oh
oh I see what you're trying to do here
oh what your circle
can you beat em pain
oh you monster this game's rigged good
job so we're gonna play pinball having a
little bit of food never been here
before but they have Mexican Mondays and
I have been craving Mexican food for a
while I was like let's go get my son
boom we haven't done it so yeah how's
your grilled cheese they just happen to
have ice cream across the street your
weakness pizza oh my gosh look look at
that
done sold dude you can put anything in
your ice cream you want too good to be
true yep too good to be true nope nope
kinga Oreo ice cream with Ricci pieces
in it welcome to Home Depot where we get
lots of soul for our stuff in there okay
come on we'll be right back pick us up
at that door we got to get all the
boring stuff we got to get salt for our
water softener so exciting so fun what
we don't need that we don't need it wait
wait for me wait for me hold on mommy
thinks she's funny huh she's driving the
truck away bear stop that truck Oh your
mommy thinks she's funny huh
oh he was laughing like crazy we're kind
of working back home and we got
something so cool to show you what
because both of them were warping time
well past this conversation look how
beautiful this sunset is did hang on
hang on stop I want to show them without
the the tent all right it's it's still
nice but look at this no pee or poop
from this little monster minim Zeus
don't put up with that get him that's
right hit him with the right I know I
got this awesome thing to show you guys
tonight I'm super excited about it but
we're gonna ride bikes for a few minutes
before it gets dark you're so fast life
just got even funner now that he's
riding a bike man I'm so excited about
this great job little man that you need
tattoo you're gonna turn it into romance
aren't you love romance what do it do it
whoa got a pause for a minute give a
little love to one of our favorite
sponsors on this entire channel which is
Harry's razors this is literally my
razor I'm not even kidding how long have
I had this a long time one huge benefit
with me is razors last a long time
this one has lasted a long time
the real truth is even if they were
sponsors to us and they weren't so good
to us I'd still talk so highly in this
company the razors are phenomenal I know
you guys like them I've seen you guys
get them as gifts for your family your
dad or your grandpa you've got them for
yourselves and they're always coming
back hooking you guys up with killer
deals just make sure when you go to
their site you use the promo code Roman
my name are OMA in you get the whole kit
for ten bucks and free shipping No
to put to you for free like that's my
companies don't do that anymore so
that's that's huge just use the promo
code Roman it's a huge discount and to
be honest you get a bunch of stuff like
you get the razor you get extra blades
you get ah like gel and you get it's a
whole box of stuff like this is my razor
but they send you a whole box of stuff
so check it out I will put them in the
description top link hit their website
up just check it out man don't be
skeptical on if you shave or even a
little bit like I use a electric razor
for all this but this all razor I love
it I have the orange one and it looks a
little less hairier Perry's get it you
guys go to the drill check them out
toppling the descriptions harrys.com use
promo code roman are only man are you
mocking me okay are you ready to show
them the coolest thing yeah hope you
guys are having an awesome day man we're
about to show you something super super
cool I'm really excited about canes
excited about it flash are you excited
you look excited too
oh yeah oh yeah
so here it is guys here it is an old
dirty hoverboard pretty cool right old
dirty hoverboard I need you guys to be
excited about it so this is gonna be so
fun man I'm really excited about this I
think you guys are gonna really really
enjoy it he thinks everything's for him
oh my god to my knowledge this is
extremely original and I'm not sure
you've ever seen one before maybe you
have I haven't
let's see it oh dude do it do it that's
awesome you're so good on it I can't
believe you already gave it up ease into
it ease into it really fast
Oh Dean you show mommy outrageous things
let's let the four-year-old show mommy
provide it show mommy how it's done I
don't have any problem you're the only
one wrecking this thing right yeah you
are out of control
Kane's fine I'm fine Kane is so natural
this to me is awesome like III don't
know what else to say it's like a
hoverboard to me was already fun I like
hoverboards then you add this to it I'll
tell you a quick story how this all
happened like I maybe a month or two ago
two months ago a guy named Tyler reached
outs means like you know I got this
product I want to send to your family
maybe you guys would like it he any link
the video
I watched like 20 seconds the video was
like yes I need it now send it to me I
don't know I give them credit for coming
up with this awesome I just suck it
anything you ride that makes you feel
better how many epic hoverboard fales
have we seen online alright this year at
least sitting on it check out what else
they sent this is so cool it's like a 3d
printed smile more logo so cool this is
the difference between a good tennis
ball and a bad tennis ball if you got a
dog I'm telling you this because it's
the honest truth Penn and Wilson tennis
balls he cannot show up they don't pop
in the middle they don't break every
other tennis ball that we bought and
break in the middle like this and then
you have a dead ball guys that's gonna
do it for the vlog today thank you so
much for hanging out with us and always
goofing off with us having fun finding
new toys to play with
look at my dog man he's so tired the new
puppy's wearing him out so much because
they just play all days not used to like
that action of a dog jumping up on him
boy he's having a good time now the
future is going to be awesome man all
the new toys and people are getting so
creative with so many cool things man do
a challenge video you can spin the
longest so anyway guys we love you so
much thanks for hanging out with us as
always and that's all I got so we'll see
you tomorrow
yeah let's dance baby I want to dance
with you that's exactly how he talks
about I want to dance with you a little
lady vampire is that vampire my name is
flesh I do the Monster Mash I would
sleep in Zeus's bed
so today tell me guys what is the
coolest toy in your opinion it's out
right now like what is the coolest toy I
know you guys like electronics ipads
puppies we look you guys so much we will
see you tomorrow thanks for everything
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
don't forget how important you are man
you are awesome smile
