hey guys welcome to the vlog hope you're
having a perfect day and happy friggin
father's not like going I saw like
coming a mile away little burnt ninjas
whatever seconds dogs would protect you
guys over me no matter what hey you guys
probably just beat me and they'd still
be like get on get on
it is Father's Day I got my boys we were
headed over to my parents house hey I
got something that we're gonna do it mom
and dad you ready I got something really
fun to do and we talked about this a
while back something I used to do we
need this that yes do you remember why
you don't remember
wait wait wait yeah woody dude another
blowout here mix and match what kind of
food are you taking the puppy oh boy
Birds got to eat fish got to swim we're
gonna take this boogie board because
there's something that I've done when I
was a kid I used to do it I'm gonna
attempt to do it today it's not easy it
looks easy but it is not easy and I'm a
lot older now so I mean they're gonna
get really hurt I'm just gonna fail over
and over you got your little I can't
look at this look at this plunger it's a
shot it's a oh my gosh you just
instantly bailed on you you can't see me
you cannot sit with me come on come on
can I just ask a serious question you
guys but in on this anybody is more than
welcome to jump in why do they build
Cadillacs with the biggest motors in the
only people that buy them are old people
that drive 20 miles under the speed
limit
like I want to push them off the road no
but I'm serious and every single nice
Cadillac you come up on you're like come
on buddy come on father time is in front
of me I can't get out it's like I don't
get it because they super might like
their their machines they're like fast
cars
editor's forefathers party welcome to
the big world dude this is for my daddy
my parents have the best garden ever
look at all the dinosaurs remember this
one from Christmas it's the greatest
Happy Father's Day to the king himself
we got you a puppy what up bro happy
Father's Day I didn't take long
yeah are you ready to try the ultimate
pool challenge it's hard dude you did
all right I'm gonna show you what the
boogie boards for this is something that
I probably only done once successfully
but I used to think I did it all the
time I really haven't done it that many
times so you take the boogie board you
put it here you have to go run jump on
the board make it across the pool
without getting wet that's the Ninja
Warrior stuff you ready to take on the
challenge and bust your face and no I
will not be pretty when I was a kid it
seemed like a good idea now yeah now I
think of the dangers I'm like oh my face
is gonna hit the wall or you'll be fine
here's what I want to do because I'm
totally dry I want to do it totally dry
because then there's actually a reason
to not want to lose yeah what's
somewhere I can follow that all right
when I used to try this I would do it
just about right here and I would just
run from that corner so here we go
trout nail here we go
man I really need to feel the board you
know yeah I don't know what to expect
you're definitely heavier now what do
you mean you're gonna need more speed to
accommodate your weight you're right
yeah here we go we believe in you Roman
my legs got wet but that's that's fair
shorts are dry here I'll hold it for you
so stays in place
all right I bet you can you see me go
across you you did you trick sir ready
all you it's all you and I'm still
trying in my shorts no I did it's
because if I was in swim trunks I have
no fear I just get in the water but this
went across wait you already did it I
did it didn't I I didn't see anything go
go
go you got it you got it oh it's so much
harder than it looks I swear let's see
it yep whoa Wow all right so what's the
secret you made these bubbles yourself
what did you use it's gained this soap
yeah I use this soap all right here we
go
so Wendy you guys gotta see this beehive
wasa I don't know what kind of bee or
whatever it is but look at this that's a
I Dream of Jeannie B he's in there oh
it's a bottle B he's in there he
literally is like a hermit or Bobbie he
makes his own bottle and sleeps in it
he's so cute I can't tear him out my dad
refuses to remove it like a hive he just
lives in it it's just one little yeah I
think that's the definition of a high
it's not a hive at all where bees sleep
it's a bee basket maybe that's where I
get my hunting instincts I can't I can't
hunt I can't kill anything you can't
even remove a bee hive but you can sting
us he's a man man Jason butterflies
wonder where you guys where I get all my
child antics from this is the front-flip
challenge right now you know
basically it's like the Superman where
the person puts their belly on your feet
and grab your hands but we're going all
the way into the pool I've never done
this with a full-grown man to test this
stuff I'm not a full-grown man to test
this start will be using me as an
example do I jump with you or do we are
lay off here you just lay on me and I
control ha ha ha ha this is bad so bad I
don't know salmon dive it's something
special not everyone gets to see this
yeah
salmon dives a rare Dale classic since
he was a kid he's been doing this since
he was 8 years old that can only be done
once the summer exert so much energy so
much to get off you got this Noah all
right
you got it buddy so we thought maybe
that it was a we thought maybe it was a
little appropriate to have a little
flashback it's Father's Day maybe some
old photos of us as a family and where
do we start where do we start what
you're looking at do okay that's a
golden photo dude you're afraid of it
it's just too personal this is rhomin at
its best right there there's me and Dale
working over
brother it's fishing picture this is you
in the background being as ornery and
let's say on you that's this is a great
I don't think I've ever seen this photo
this is an awesome picture this is uh
Cape Hatteras
this is Emerald Isle this is dad Roman
and Dale right there yeah for sure
that's a great picture Lake Gary hmm
so here we are in Lake Erie are you sure
the waters that blue today yeah yeah
that's absolutely that was Bucky's boat
Lake Gary when we did that this is for
all my my BMXers out there this was my
Dino air and it was my dream by GT mate
I don't know if they're still around is
that a fanny pack you're wearing no way
what am I wearing mom those are
literally flowers on my shirt oh my gosh
you know what's on my shirt look at this
that is a lionfish
and that's a triggerfish no you look
like me pretty cute yeah some boogie
board in action man now this this was
one of my favorite pictures of you
really yeah ever since you were young
and I think this shows your true spirit
and I don't think it's really changed
that much I'm serious that is you all
over right there even from the beginning
crazy little man ready to get everybody
this could be the earliest photo of me
and my dad right here yeah it's close a
couple more here for you this is uh I
mean we love our sweetcorn check this
one out
me Dale and dad Shane we really don't
have any group family photos cuz someone
always had to take the picture selfie
selfies weren't in yet
selfies yet this is Dale and I ed and
Cape Cod cool place that's what it was
Wales here's me and Dale eating
something at our first house this is our
first house ever man this one really
gets me look at that
whoo you've come a long way papa hey you
made it
oh well I don't know it's gonna be fun I
don't know
flash let's go swimming
you got to see these pictures we pulled
out oh really Britney's just getting
back from her dad's house she ran over
there to hang out a little bit we're
just goofing off man I'm not really
doing much pulled out some really old
photos unfortunately the day has to end
if we have to say goodbye happy Father's
Day all right guys we've just brought up
another day and it's there I hate
burning up these type of days man it's
such a good day just hanging out my mom
and dad and my family of course you have
a good time with your dad I did I didn't
stay long but did he like his gift would
you get him that's such a cool gift he's
never like really done it or had like a
nice one to go do it we should do like a
metal detecting day seriously I think
it's really fun we used to do it with me
and my dad used to take me in Dale all
the time metal detecting actually
there's a pretty crazy story my uh I
should ask my mom and dad to tell you
this story but they actually have a true
story of they used to metal detect for
change to by me and ale diapers that's a
true thats a true story
they were that broke I don't know how
they got their hands on a metal detector
it was an investment that's a true story
man we we started with I still remember
our first house we used up holes and our
ceilings and our floor you could like to
see to the to the ground through our our
bathroom floor it's crazy
so we're ahead at home we have eaten up
this day and it was just a great day I
hope you guys really enjoyed your day as
well and yeah we're just gonna keep
going hey boy hey Zeus I gotta drop the
camera my gosh
flashes PN hair grass is starting to
grow
well Handley one golden ball one goal we
are gonna hook a bunch of stuff up to
the drone and send it up for you you
excited this tomorrow's gonna be a very
fun vlog because we are going to hook
random things up to this drone I get it
I get a design I guess that'll be part
of the blog is what are we going to
design so that when the dog jumps up and
grabs whatever's on the drone it doesn't
wreck the drum that's the goal it's got
to be like a quick dismount like if
there's a hotdog on there how do we keep
from destroying the drone so often he's
sleeping on the towel is it just me is
there a chance is there a chance here
that this dogs are already bigger oh
yeah
Tommy Nick I was what are we gonna put
on the drunk give me some ideas cuz
we're gonna have like I'm not gonna use
this drone for what most people use this
drone before I mean I probably will
because it's gonna be amazing but I want
to do something original at this drawing
I want it to be something unique and you
guys be like oh my gosh why would he do
that who does
that's my type of style right that's
what I want to do what he likes that
room the messiest room the messiest room
in the whole house that's where he wants
to be I'm just guessing it's the coolest
room in the whole house
it's cold it's really cold he's a snow
dog that is it for our Father's Day vlog
man was such a good day starting up film
too much but we really were oh you got
me Father's Day gift this is pretty
awesome two spices it's all real made
spices for on the grill and like
everything crap in there yeah these are
all like literally celery's celery seeds
cloves smoked black peppers sea salt bay
leaves it's all real that's gonna be fun
let's do something fun with that we love
you guys so much thanks for hanging out
with us we will see you tomorrow for a
really fun like it's gonna be I promise
you that I will make it really fun it'll
be you know my style yeah see you guys
tomorrow you were freaking awesome
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile are you going up now you know you
want me to do it why are you being so
brave we're one little trip one little
treadmill stunt now you're a stunt woman
we're walking up to the jump scene this
is where it all happens people
