oh hey guys welcome to the vlog we are
getting a very late start we had done
our first ever most you guys already
know our first ever live stream it was
incredibly fun Britney ate it so hard do
you have any marks let me see your arm
let me see oh your arms like bumped out
how's it look at this line so we can
actually show you what happened to
Britney I thought it was a good idea to
during the live stream it's not like
vlogging I can't cut I can't fix
mistakes I can't edit so it's raw so I
who's calling me here we go this is
really weird if you watch the live
stream because it's like everything we
were doing was cut off and now you have
to wait a day to watch the rest it's so
weird so one second hang on I'm gonna
get these I'm a little chef today here
we go that smells so good so this is
this is from our live stream I thought
it was a good idea to get a skateboard
out and try to read the treadmill hang
on let me focus alright
oh not too bad wait what about the one I
wrote on I'm totally setting her out
look she's gonna eat it
look at your puppy came right up for
hell so that is from our livestream
which we had guys that was my first live
stream ever if you watched it thank you
so much it was so much fun and I know
for a fact we're gonna do a lot more of
those if you want to watch a live stream
you can go to my live dummy account live
me account and and watch it was fun it's
raw it's a raw you guys always ask for
raw vlogs it's uncut it was an hour and
24 minutes of Britney and I just going
raw so if you want to join in on the
live stream
join me on live dummy it was a lot of
fun I definitely enjoyed it and Britney
got tore up they might have to sew that
back on now put a new arm pluck so let's
get this vlog started actually ended the
livestream with if I don't get off here
I'm not gonna have a vlog so here we go
we are vlogging now and it's actually
kind of got me in the mood to just raw
vlog like after holding my phone for an
hour and almost a half it was like no
cutting
that's like the rawest vlog you can get
so I showed the stream this but I showed
you guys I bought a drone I got a drone
and I've been nervous to fly it and it's
gonna happen I'm gonna do something fun
probably I hook a rig of hot dogs to it
and go out and fly it with Zeus but this
is how I was live-streaming all day
the drone controller remote holds the
phone so perfect that I was streaming
the whole time like this though it's
nice and straight I just see you in here
doing your thing doesn't look like
you're really what what is it it's - I
just watched you took a bite I just oh
my I'm eating every one of those right
now that is not making its Father's Day
Wow that's right I kind of forget about
that when it's like Father's Day I think
of my dad your dad I don't even think of
myself that's crazy
I know that's weird I don't think about
that no you know what we need to do and
I think we should keep this going from
the strain today is a stunt another stop
the treadmill was fun
I had fun time I had it great
the epic nap challenge who can sleep the
longest while holding your breath all
I'm saying is you have never jumped off
the balcony
it's really fun look at these two it's
my ball no it's my ball oh you brave
soul taking Zeus's ball I know this
you're being the bigger man just walk
away take the bone there you go that's a
good trade I will jump first but you
have to jump it's a good deal and I'll
do something return I have to do
something you have to do something
that's my challenge to you today jump
the balcony who doesn't want to see it I
want to see it you jump not anything you
can't set me on fire that's your dream
you just like that let's do it just like
that
what do you want to go just on the couch
like I did with the parachute or you
want me to wheel this loveSac over I'm
just gonna say the couch has been tested
and worse I've never jumped onto the
sack
no it didn't hurt it was good it's solid
it's a zoo over here guys it is it is a
is a petting zoo it's like nine seconds
to airtime you already know or no no you
don't have a challenge you're gonna wait
for like a week and be like remember
that time I jumped off now I want you to
are you going up now yeah you know you
want me to do it why are you being so
brave work one little trip
one little treadmill stunt now you're a
stunt woman we're walking up to the jump
scene this is where it all happens
people these two golfers downstairs
fighting over a golf ball you see what
it looks like oh it's tall I thought
this was gonna take me like an hour of
convincing you're just leaping right
over oh man
you might be braver than me it took me a
while oh my gosh oh my gosh baby be
careful
we played true story we played
hide-and-go-seek in the dark one night
the whole house was pitch black
and you couldn't even have a flashlight
you had to just crawl around look for
people that was my hiding spot I went
over the rail yeah and I hung there I
got found those weird part come on come
on you guys don't need to be in the
guest room out you go out doubt that
that away from me I'm not gonna push you
are you crazy I know it's you already
know what you're gonna have me do dude
I've done you know it's safe I've done
this under the couch oh we all know that
parachute was terrible terrace you okay
I'm gonna go down and you're gonna jump
or you'll end up from here you want me
to foam from here are you really gonna
jump I don't think you're gonna actually
easy suckers huh all right you ready for
the jump are you ready for the jump
let's do this I'm gonna be really proud
of you if you do this I'm filming ready
when you are
what do you can't handful honey that
looks like you're gonna land bad you're
off please
you already down like God came to your
rescue
he's probably popping on you right now
it's the only reason you got a bear you
got a read jump your leg was almost on
the couch by the time you fell you know
what you didn't even jump you fell from
a hit
Suze tell her that was a robbery you got
to redo it yeah you got to read it you
know what oh my god I wasn't even
filming you got to redo it you karaoke
nobody wants to even see that I'm never
doing challenge bet thing ever again
all things that you can ask me to do she
challenges me to not only karaoke which
I suck at but to sing a country song I
listen to just about any type of music
like I like all music I'm I'm up for
just about anything but there's
something about the new country and I
know I'm gonna like step on a million
toes here people love it nothing against
it I just can't get into the new country
the words are just
I know you'll know so this is what I'm
doing ready
so she's she only jumped half I shall
have new half I already did it
I already did the challenge know who
just had hundreds of hundreds of hits
laying around karaoke style
we don't even sing karaoke ever ever
it's the first time I've ever used this
machine personally it is fun
I think the outward family karaoke
challenge has to happen let me know in
the comments on everybody dad mom
brother you're not gonna tell me what
song it is boy girl boy hi Barbie do you
want to go for a ride jump in gonna be
killing me we've lost it no more no more
everyone's gonna leave this and then
like we walk into a karaoke bar like
dressed as Barbie and Ken oh I'd be
funny
be good who wants to see that I know I
don't we're leaving
yeah we're leaving we're gonna go change
yeah and then drop the puppy off and
then go to your brother's just as making
stuffed toys you had me at hello you
think you can get up here though
Hey look here's this you want me help
you here yeah
I'm up here I'm up here yeah he's big
tree take this I think he used it for
sure so we were going over to Britney's
mom's house that's where Kane is he's
been there hanging out and we've got
this might as well be Noah and this
month will be came because we don't see
our kids all summer that is playing
hanging out with everybody
so yeah we're headed over there right
now and actually her mom got a puppy as
well which is crazy she got up she got a
little German Shepherd like Zeus oh girl
oh boy
so we decided Britt I think actually
bringing decided that we were gonna
bring our dogs that's cuz her mom's dog
Bo is this his best buddy like they grew
up together so you gonna go see Bo yeah
who is that Suzy
hi Bo boy I missed you so much today
Brittany's mom's pretty much got a dog
park over here I can't even believe it
you guys can get a share back here next
stop we're going over to my brother's to
watch tonight some FC fights I'm not
even sure who's fighting to you I don't
even know Dale just was like you wanna
do you I've seen anyway yeah let's do it
so we're heading over there you ready
play with the boys
what movie what movie is that from you
see the deer came boom first dropping
the dogs off the other half of the fam
all right so you got start down here
it's a big dog get out of this truck man
you should see that hurt you just need
out come on we gotta get out we just ran
only have an extra mattress come on this
is our first sign that this is getting
older this is terrible he doesn't want
to come out we can take this one step
further one step further I'm gonna build
a whole stair set for him hey you guys
this look I made your staircase there we
go maybe you just doesn't want us to
leave boy good boy give him a wheelchair
burning out again we got you a new bed
yeah dude check it out so we're gonna go
over to my brother's a little bit we're
going to build in design somewhere is
blessed as possible for the puppy to
stay if we leave them alone in this
house he's gonna poop everywhere so they
gave us this thing so you good you good
I'd I'll see you in the morning come on
are you gonna put the load wrap in there
they actually gave us this crate for him
to sleep in we have not used it yet he's
been sleeping out here on the floors and
our room on the floor and tonight we're
leaving for like two hours so he's gonna
hang out here I think he's fine
you don't seem to mind when you step on
someone's shoe on the back of it and the
back comes off it's called a flat tire
you shouldn't know that
all right we've warped over to my
brother's house nice boots girl you
won't go clean up that hog dung because
I sing country today innit got you in
the mood I am sure jealous of this
little party pad you got going on here
boys
you enjoying in this look like UFC bra
you tricked me me you tricked me
wait how you shoot up your laptop you
fight me over for UFC and it's nascar
trucks this country music is just
changing me baby
look it says UFC fight right here I'm a
magician well that's cool guys once
again we did not in last night's
vlogging I'm kind of actually how did
you sleep last night buddy you sleep
good in there I'm actually glad that we
didn't in last night's vlog because I
can actually come on here and say happy
Father's Day
it is Father's Day it feels good almost
about to happen we're gonna start
tomorrow's vlog exactly where this one
is ending and that is pretty much
getting ready for Father's Day here look
at this thing look at this thing thank
you guys so much for hanging out with us
today in this vlog we will see you
tomorrow you are beautiful you are
one-of-a-kind don't forget to give your
dad so much love today not just today
tomorrow and the day after and so on and
dad's happy Father's Day to you we love
you guys we'll see you tomorrow you're
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
more you won't explain what's going on
right now
on a date night I got my girl one day
today no kids tonight no kids we're
gonna grab it's all abrasion
