Hey
hi you coming up what's up girl what's
going on
ready ready hey guys welcome to the
vlogging feed girl she wants to aah we
got no uh you know what's here today
what drive our C's okay you just peel it
off like yeah that's a sticker yeah holy
crabs that might know that's a terraria
that's rare game oh no that is literally
you want that come here come she's what
daddy is it so I'll take that is 100%
you should say just 100% you ever seen a
game pretty much all of us okay are you
guys hungry hungry hungry hungry all
right we're gonna go grab some food
let's go we know we never ever just jump
in a car let's go eat you'll be fine
here just no light sockets no just a
good huh say hi Danny Moe Nemo and
Marlin they're under our nose your fishy
they say why do you all hope you guys
are having a wonderful day we are we're
all gonna jump in the car we're gonna
grab a quick bite to eat then come back
here we had I've explained I'll just
explain it to you it's yeah hey I met a
real restaurant not the ice cream shop
you guys make an ice cream court how
come everybody but yous playing with
your ice cream maker some ice cream ooh
yeah man we got her she's just standing
oh boy let go man whoa dude this guy I
have to eat first 80 bucks
was that a gold topping uh-huh just
chilling oh you wanna back here I only
have $40 can you take the top half off
all right let's go starve it not to eat
no his arm
by Korra hey Mai you gonna say bye do
you mean leaving me Korra hey hey she
having my cane I know it's fun we gotta
go he just hot dog hot no look at this
it's shedding season man you losing that
winter coat don't eat it doing broke
let's roll
mister Empire what's up bud how you
doing man same old same old cool got it
so the whole week of the entire week
we've had like this massive camping trip
planned like everybody was gonna go and
everybody including myself it's been
raining like right that field is so
beautiful I won't show up on camera oh
yeah every myself we're just like it's
so muggy and muddy and it sounds fun it
doesn't sound fun it's just um and we're
gonna sleep in it's not stopped right
now it's not raining of course right now
at this moment not raining starting to
freak out like maybe it's not gonna rain
at all no it's gonna right it's gonna
rain
so basically we have decided last minute
to skip camping which hopefully will do
very soon like any day but I don't know
we just have to plant like a lot of
family and friends we're gonna come join
us is it's gonna be a fun time and a
good getaway like geeky stuff like that
it's gonna be nice but we've just
decided we're not gonna do it today
tonight so yeah I'm gonna figure
something else something else we got
Noah back here though that's good paint
zone he's in the zone oh gosh ooh boy
that's yours by the way
cheers my little fam tears too filming a
little bit and hanging out as a family -
yeah she had a child but it's nap time
I did I just did dumping on you
you know wat it all out I'm a little
what are you doing boy ya want it on
look you put water on it say it down
just like that now put a little water
and row and let the water drops hit your
straw wrapper yeah that's fine let it
drip on it oh yeah that's it I think we
went a little hard here guys fried
pickles MOT sticks pineapple pizza
cheese regular stop well it's cinnamon
ham pineapple on pizza it's like why
it's it it's got here so good dude just
take a bite you'll love it candy canes
never tried to hang up the pizza
Hawaiian it's good right oh come on
try bite with pineapple just take a body
through the food just keeps coming out
coming over to Scotts he's got my x3
which now has four-wheel drive again I
blew the axle out of the front tire and
it's long story but it's fixed right now
it's fixed so I get to get yeah I ran
into a tree okay before he get my buggy
they want dessert I've never been here
for dessert little snacks do they have
ice cream are you serious
well maybe it's on sale I'll get it it's
what Cory needs hundred percent eight
dollar pull down the jackpot right here
whoa that's what you getting game here
dude suck on this burrito do we
literally all got different things
I got strawberry shortcake you guys you
said you got it hang out Oreo bar where
it is going for push-ups okay Cora got a
little baby but she's been seeing
everybody swimming she can't really get
in yet she loves the wall like bathtubs
her favorite time sauce is perfect she
can swim with us how is it
softer than You're Expecting Betty how
is this in here we need all our all our
junks we don't go make a mess in Scotts
building now look at some toys school
toys big toys with motors and wheels and
beefs it in and on yeah as long as you
know chocolate all over your hand but
you line you go look at some cool toys
no this is a pickup truck holy smokes
man hop up hurricane oh my god what is
this I need it this is windy Britney
named or a while ago cuz she wanted it
this is one you can go all the way up
into the water like under remember that
thing in the pond it's your birthday at
you guys's birthday so full that thing
drives on land and water dude this is
gnarly imagine what this would do to
your house your grass so this one's cool
this is just like mine but this one is
the snorkels in the back so you can go
underwater all the way up here yeah okay
I got my baby back no in our head at
home we're driving this home and I got
all-wheel drive now oh I got them axles
in there so we're set you ready
we beat you we beat you barely my flesh
yeah here you oh my
huge huge shot guys um we got we got
what they got they got it for ya they
got it you guys know um see geek has
been getting they got us the box for 21
pilots they got they taking us to hockey
game save where else did we go to tim
mcgraw like they got us all this cool
stuff but they just got us like the best
tickets for Kevin Hart yeah in September
oh my gosh it's a huge huge thank you
and shout out to C geek and every time
they hook us up they hook you guys up
use promo code roam in my name or OMA
and get $20 off your ticket order that's
huge - so to get back if you don't know
see it's just an app that it's
completely free download it I got it
right here I'll show you it is
completely free app download it and you
click on the video whether it's Taylor
Swift or a concert hockey game baseball
whatever it is you like to do you click
on the app you just get the app it's
free you click the place you want to go
and then they rate the seats one to tend
to tell you if you're getting a good
deal or not so it's like it's like a
great way to find out if you're getting
a deal on your tickets and you can buy
them right there
and if you use code Roman it's 20 bucks
off so it's a super win
download the app guys top link in my
description and just try it like maybe
you're gonna maybe you're gonna love it
and you're gonna save money plus you get
20 bucks off your ticket order so plus
on the app they have like what's hot
what's popular maybe there's a concert
coming up you didn't even know about
let's just say you wanted to go see
Kenny Chesney you click it shows you all
pay ceccolini show you like what is way
overpriced and what is a good price and
you click on basically Green is like a
good price for the concert and then
you'll see red ones and that means they
are they're expensive
that's a gist of it it's very simple
check it out you're probably gonna love
it and you guys know we've been
sponsored with them for a long time and
they have always not only hooked us
with like some of the coolest things
that we've done but they always give you
guys the big twenty offs so click on the
link get the app check it out and thanks
again seek personally from me to you for
the hook-up on it would probably be our
first our first like show out as a
married couple honestly that's crazy so
check it out guys oh you eating Snoopy
are you eating Snoopy are you doing
there you throw-in threats at flash so
baby I missed your little shoe socks
I'm not gonna lie to kind of freak me
out you're freaking me out right now
so Campins been canceled on us and it is
about the storm thank goodness we didn't
go set up all that stuff but that means
we don't currently have plans my brother
has invited so many kids want to go
they're really bad see my brother for a
little while so you wanna maybe do
something like that that's just trying
to tell on her oh I got you a little
pool I did I got you a little pool I
would say the most scary and worst thing
about having a pool and a baby is those
two together it is you have to be if
there's a child around a pool you cannot
take your eyes off them that is a rule
like if you're ever by app when you see
a little one do not take your eyes off
them it is so scary and risky like
babies can just they'll just jump in and
it's it's like the worst thing ever I
know we just got it out for flash he's
moving on up he got the Zeus special you
know why isn't a food order cuz he ate
and drank all the street and water plus
he's got a ball over there he's got a
bucket that he shares a donkey he's got
a pond that he's now been drinking out
of like crazy donkey yo it's getting
beautiful out look at this look at this
speaking of beautiful
it was just nice and hot out out filler
pool right now that's so scary oh my
gosh they do they like toss the baby and
I could never do that
Oh see if she'll wave to you guys say
how'd they get up there Cora I don't
know look at the monkeys you got a
little ways to go to be able to get up
everybody she's like I'm gonna reach up
you guys pull me up all right follow me
up yeah look she's looking a little
closer okay
we made the decision we're going to my
brother's house these guys are packing
their bags just in case they want to
spend the night I have been offered you
are what if I don't want you to yeah I
know mess with y'all you go stay with me
no matter what no all right doing that
little warp d warp over Dale's grille I
love the shirt that little shark
American flag what is that mean is that
a brand or is that just shirt you know
it it was like it's just inspiration to
me you know I was like what do I love
one America two sharks and fish so let's
put the two to get I'm gonna tell you a
quick story first of all it's true and
you're gonna back me up I come over to
Dale's house it's true you know it off
the day I come over Dale's house and
he's got country music country music
just cranked up I mean like now this is
my brother who used to dog me for
listening to country me I mean I mean
like a full twist that's happened I'm
grinning ear to ear I can't deny it you
can't deny it this kid would give me so
I mean literally would sabotage my
stereo make sure I couldn't listen to
country oh yeah I think I was fired a
couple times it's such a big deal about
your country music cranking on and now I
don't listen to any country and not come
over in your jamming yeah like I said I
wasn't expecting you over the city I
just popped in to say country - hi Katie
hi Katie
yeah Robert tails he's grit which I wish
you knew we were grilling we
how did delicious meal we also bought
tons of food for the campout which now
we have to build a fire will camp out on
the fence it's almost dead they're all
ash they're all ice trees so yeah not
exactly sure what we're gonna get into
but we're here it hasn't even a trained
I feel really guilty right now huh
trying to get me I think we could have
camped you know I'm the guy that's
always like never listen to the weather
it you'll never change your plans
because the weather is most likely it's
gonna be fine and today for some reason
I was just like and I cancel now the sky
is getting pretty
this guy's not bad now when you little
rats doing you both look very suspicious
what it's not wonderful look wonderful
my mom my pops just showed up we got the
reunion going on you're done summer
break Laurie camera we're back home baby
we kind of got ditched by the kids were
warping past a little bit of time they
both stayed with my brother and his that
oh flash dude you scared me sneak it up
somehow our little girl she's been going
to bed about 8:30 every night and it's
like full-on 10 o'clock so she's a champ
right now she's like barely making it
you gonna make it you wants to hide
everybody know hey she says I like we
don't know a little girl anymore she's
growing so fast we waited a lifetime for
her you remember the wait all my gosh
now look at her she's here taking over
the house turn on a pink she's the ruler
of this
and you you still roll the house of
course moving it slowly not officially
yet but she's moving into what was
Kane's room we're gonna repaint it so
this was painted for Kane so it's still
all blue doubt I'll boy it out I mean
unless you want blue now she gets the
smile more fish tank room hey I see him
I see him
we don't show this much in the vlogs
right here this um this little porthole
to our reef tank is just in this room
it's really cool it's got this custom
smile more drink love it
so yeah she's gonna slowly this will
become her room actually very fast and
she is ready for crash time so yeah you
want to lay down by yourself no I'm
ready now my man yeah it is that put all
the kids to bed but we only have core
right now so we're gonna get her to bed
and then we're probably going to it's
always in our house to options do you
want to play some games together do you
want to watch a show together so we're
up in the air right now I'm not exactly
sure but I hope you guys have been
enjoying some actual laid back home
vlogs where we're pretty much just here
at the house doing our thing living life
kind of where these vlogs start in fact
these last few vlogs these last three
vlogs I put up it really reminded me of
those old vlogs that I used to make
where it wasn't about the crazy
excitement the crazy friends coming over
and going crazy it was just like us here
doing just the simplest things and
that's what I've been aiming for at
least between the next movie I wanted to
just make some real vlogs like us this
is us this is who we are and you know
try to keep it just as real with you as
possible like I don't know it's actually
not that exciting I don't know he said
you want to come Rocky she just plowed
down in the bed I feel like you've been
using more banky lately I was thinking
she didn't want her bang key and now she
she has it a lot I thought we were gonna
get lucky no bang key there you go
no nice huh Monsieur so who's that
my baby my baby girl that's ours we made
her we did that a job mister last gusts
of energy before she crashes no she
melts me when she does that she's good
ladies for a second I'm like all right
I'm gonna put you sleep good night Cora
hora I love you I love you I can't wait
till she can tell me she loves me yeah
no I hear it but I know she does I know
she does I know when she comes up and
grabs my light hair and pulls it trying
to stand up I know she loves me sure
sign why don't I look so weird we are
now look we're gonna watch some how I do
it now so this is the young maid we are
we are on season 5 of The Walking Dead
we've been watching this for I mean it's
been a long time we've been trying to
get through this whole thing and
basically that's what we've been doing
we're not doing other things so we're so
tired guys thank you for hanging out
with us today thanks for being a part of
these vlogs and Dom see you soon we love
you so much thanks for the support on
everything you're beautiful
one-of-a-kind smile
you
