all right I'm gonna start the vlog and
three two not for real oh I'm start just
mom yeah you ready think I will
oh you don't think I'll put it in the
blog hey guys welcome to the blog we got
a big project today so we tell them what
should we just do it just think about it
it's big project and I don't really want
I don't know if I want to do it or if we
need to do it or if we're even gonna do
it how's that we don't have it's not
that important yeah get a India are we
leaving that's are we leaving now I
don't normally wear shorts and I
definitely don't watch them all the time
that's what's up dude you're just like
Daddy just taping everything up mom all
our air conditioners fixed yes no I'm
thinking let's just skip this whole
project thing and just go have fun we
got fun we have two things we got to do
today we don't have to do you know we
have to do one but we're gonna do two
things okay one is I'm just gonna tell
you straight up I just confirmed today I
got the email an hour ago that our tank
episode our new aquarium the episode
airs Friday July 1st it's confirmed July
1st so long so far away
why's our watermelon on the backseat it
is Friday July 1st and I'm so excited to
reveal this but today I'm giving you a
little taste cuz I have to we are what
are we doing what are we doing I can't
show you the tank I'm not allowed to
show you the tank you guys already know
this it's not in the news but I'm gonna
show you today we have a moray eel in
this aquarium it's a full-size eel just
like you saw on vacation when I was
filming them eels we have one in the
tank it's got to eat it's gonna be a
journey today I've never fed a moray eel
you have to hand feed all but by hand
like they don't like no yes you do you
have to put the food in front of their
face like at tongs pong yeah but my
hands are connected the tongs connected
that is like what it's not even like we
need to talk about before we get
anything done that we need to do we need
to talk about this you have a serious
addiction it's a problem it's not even
that you want it it's that you have to
have it you're addicted
Brittney's addicted to it maybe some of
you are like this is anybody addicted to
pizza you love pizza
they're probably like oh my god what
pizza she's live it's not even like she
likes pizza I know what everybody's
thinking I love pizza - I'm I'm addicted
to pizza but no Britney's next level and
it's not even like actual pepperoni
pizza it's his BLT pizza like I'm losing
my mind other other ways she's losing
her mind with
it just makes me so happy if I make you
happy I say it say it to the camera
Roman makes me happy I'll give you more
pizza this is my weakness right here
I've been doing this since high school
pizza with ranch dressing drizzled all
over it
hmm I'll shake your head we all got
problems
hey you got you guys like pizza -
awesome sure yeah I'll sign a quick run
over to the pet store we're gonna get we
got a whole list of weird things that
fish taint todd has sent me on a mission
to get it to feed this eel I'm not gonna
lie last time we came here you were
wearing your Wicked Witch of the really
taste help so I got a list tongs two
small crawfish frozen frozen silversides
and frozen krill okay
Oh will the crawfish they're all in here
oh my god
these are fighting each other this is
gather leave those up oh no I have to
feed a like a live crawfish look at the
little ones
you are totally feeding on just see this
command okay
have to put that the wildlife is brutal
world man I used to catch these in the
creek yeah as a kid like you lift the
rocks they'd come out and grab them okay
now this I could I don't know what
you're saying I leave for one second
you're looking at dogs that's bad news
right there
Brittany do not put this dog down no we
cannot like another child you have to be
look at that thing put the dog down I'll
get you more pizza maybe somebody in my
video will get this dog because I can't
take him I feel bad okay tell me what
this dog is for real what is it
a palm ski are you sure it's not a
German Shepherd a mixed ridiculous
experiment so much responsive like we
already have a giant blog I can't lead
it's tumorous one day you need to help
me out two girls were Swan I got an eel
to take I am at petland and pickling
then somebody help me and get this dog
it's a beautiful dog she what she just
wants the Commission oh I just can't I
got a walk come on Brett get in the car
I have never thought in my life that you
were joking more than at that moment you
really wanted that dog guys I had to
just like leave
let's leave it up to the viewers because
they know more than anybody we have know
it like we don't have the between the
kids are smaller company YouTube I'm
about to go on tour we already have a
giant dog look at she's so serious right
now no you know what it is
I held a baby today so you want a puppy
that's what it does I don't even know
what to say right now
I would say we do still have time for
poop
no no deal you won't get that many but
no deal doesn't matter because no we've
lost so many DLC you guys we still have
deals we have to do kiting we stuff to
blow up the Congress really soon by the
way we have to make no deal don't even
listen to him alright let's go let's
roll we got we got things to do look at
that sunset you like
you like I tried to change the subject
you know what makes me mad about this
they're holding me on your side
everyone's be like would you do with the
Pope taking responsibilities like we're
already very clean now
hey boy mommy tried to get it yeah you
saying you've been cheating on me that's
what you've been doing hi baby
you know what I sure love you you know
all of my clean bar it's just water
little it what lizard deal here's the
biggest problem right this is what the
EO eats this is this is what heat this
is what he likes here's my problem I
don't know if I've ever told you guys
this I'm not a hunter I can't
I killed a bird when I was a kid once
with my BB gun true story
I felt so bad I've never kill if I hit
something with my car it feels so bad
even this is not for the weak guys I
actually was deciding whether I should
even put this in the blog because I know
how sensitive everybody is especially
online but this is this is Nick this is
it's like no different than having a
snake and getting a mouse that's how
they eat so this is real life guys if
you really if you're really sensitive
probably as fast forward a little bit
because I'm gonna try to feed this eel
and I can't show you the tank but I'm
gonna I'm gonna film this eel I'm gonna
try I don't know we'll see what happens
let's go
it's like a snake I was told it is it's
an underwater snake but it's in the tank
I don't care
so it's abs it's absolutely killing me
not to be able to show you guys this
tank but I think I can show you bits of
it I just can't show you the master shot
so I'm gonna try to get this eel in the
shot and I got I'm gonna be able to film
the feeding of it really I can't get in
there that's gonna be really tough so
this is what he's gonna eat guys hey
elbows like at the store yeah just like
that dude how much is it crawl fish I
didn't even look so Todd just sent me on
a mission to get crawfish I got him and
he says this is what a weak risky put it
down just a little more oh here he goes
yeah he's going didn't really go oh I
thought it would go he did strike at it
but then immediately I guess dropped it
and now it's lost oh this is bad we
should be laying down like this here
how's my hair
rocks very good hey what is that on my
shoulder there's that noise shoulder
okay so the feeding of the eel didn't go
the way I've never fed an eel before how
many people have you been like yo hey
what are you doing right now and they
replied back or I'm feeding my eel
nobody ever never have you had that how
would you say it how would you say it
like I just been my eel or is it like
hey baby okay so for you guys if you
made it to this point in the vlog you
probably watched daily here's a little
bit of yesterday I told you guys on
Twitter that I was gonna include
yesterday's vlog in today's here's a
little highlight of what we did
yesterday a little family reunion Tim's
birthday and yeah so here's a quick clip
a little highlight reel of yesterday
ding we are going to a family reunion
right now I've got the boys nose in game
land they're out today
this place is awesome it's got these
giant hills actually doesn't really show
up on camera too uh there's one hill
here that if you go down on a skateboard
it I should have brought a longboard I'd
even think about it until now it's a
real like famous steep hill here that my
dad used to get out on roller skates not
even kidding
now left we have arrived we bought a
bunch of toys to a whole bunch of stuff
my brother and kids just got here what's
up dude
what's it up what's up dudes oh yeah
brotherly love black and green hey guess
what I love you are you guys recovering
from the trip you ready to go back
which is my grandma she's actually much
the cause of everything she's the reason
for all of them we can all blame her for
him you can blame him for me it's a
chain of events here we're gonna take a
little nature nature walk hike thing the
weather here is so perfect today we
could not have had better weather on our
reunion look at this paparazzi
look at this big that's a piranha stick
your finger in there but somebody made
these sketch you know how hard this
would be
no way no way no good that's really good
I'm just gonna say it right now this is
unbelievable
this is awesome look at this what's
what's this take how long what is it
tight those are dinosaurs if that was a
dinosaur what would the name may check a
sorcerer - I'm gonna give it a shot I'm
just gonna try it you know Howard
right for the time being I wasn't mad
right there that's not bad right there
has his name on it I love it
good job Tim what's your last name sure
Tim George two first names all right
well good luck finding him guys names
Tim George I can't do snakes man I just
can't do it I can do a turtle get it
yeah get it you guys ready
you don't want to leave he's gonna be
ready for Thanksgiving
already we left the family reunion which
was great I didn't vlog a whole lot we
did a lot of fun things I just didn't
plug the camera with all the family and
he has no hi I'm around family sometimes
a close-up turn the camera off and just
enjoy it which is crazy because those
are kind of the memories that I should
be filming hey what's up dude we are
losing our minds people dear Tim happy
seventh birthday you look awfully cute
tonight with you presents why did you
get these this is the worst thing ever I
actually threw up when we did this so
bad
look at this birthday cake this looks
amazing
Tim I can't believe this
so while you guys watch that highlight
reel I fed my eel admirer
I tried so no matter no matter what we
do anything that we try to do there's
always viewers you guys that and there's
there's literally somebody watching
maybe you right now have an eel of your
own
you have your own techniques no but it's
true like I could do anything like I
could hop on a scooter and somebody
watching be like yes now he ride a
scooter dude this is how you write here
so maybe you have your own technique a
feature he'll see now it just sounds now
it just sounds weird thank you guys for
watching today we did not get number 2 .
we didn't go number 2 baby really you
know we're too done we love you guys
thanks for everything
tell me in the comments how you feed
your you and cool that could be that can
be sure for anything that's just how I
feed my ale that's a new saying I can't
believe you just did that hey you know
what
it's just how I feed my eel all right
okay you guys comment everywhere that's
how I feed my eel yes it's a total
mystery only you guys watch the very end
of this vlog put it everywhere man
that's how I feed my eels he was not
even hashtag just like comments on
random videos random pictures that's how
I feed my people I think we're just
delirious right now nobody else is
laughing you're smelling a picture of
like a dog that's how I feed my eels
yeah exactly we love you guys thanks for
everything we will see you tomorrow
smile more ready set go
okay here
