welcome to the vlog guys we are out
while they are hooking out what are
these what are these things they're like
way they're stickers yeah okay okay you
get your new room set up look at this
it's a good start we got like all these
decals and stuff coming basically he
moved upstairs now and when the kids
rooms were gonna be upstairs we bought
the house and they didn't turn into that
so now it is officially happening like
Noah's over there Kings over here fact
king what what color your lights gonna
be okay
wait you're gonna do it around the front
really dude this is awesome actually
sticky oh these dude also cane Chom Chom
Chom your toes gone dude you literally
can't even anymore you're like oh she
gonna bring it to three gonna bring them
VBox gained lost his most you know he
lost his first two teeth by the rail of
a trampoline BAM both teeth blown out
what were you three you're like three
when that happened yeah no you're we're
one so yeah and now you're six and he's
just dropping teeth like crazy like one
after another just falling out his brain
you can cut them see all these lines you
just cut it wherever these lines are I
think maybe I don't know don't listen to
me on that I wasn't on the front that's
gonna be so bright like me trying to
play games like is you guys found
futuristic LEDs oh my god it's two
pieces no tuxes like what's what's in
here to tuck sleep with you last night
no he was afraid first I was afraid
last night was Cain's first time
sleeping upstairs in his own room which
I'm so proud of you never even came down
I was like he's gonna be down in my bed
in like five minutes
yeah never came down cut it there you
got yourself on led desk boy okay
well first of all hope you guys are
having an awesome day welcome back to
another vlog we just said okay check
that out
dude that's all
so man I can tell what a cat cat seems
to like your new cable right there I
mean electric poof in the middle of the
night so yeah starting up in Cannes
where we have all these on the
glow-in-the-dark store I had when I was
a kid you stick them on the ceiling then
you turn your light off and they glow
where are they yeah that's about to turn
into Las Vegas in here it's gonna be
soaked in at dark when this room's
pitch-black that's crazy clubs are you
happy to have this room let me pull some
more teeth out this place about to blow
yeah I did and I've been doing spy I spy
on Instagram and the cat was really hard
to find actually Kors asleep she's on
her naptime course like a celebrity like
she's always in her trailer can't get
her on camera she's like asleep she's
she's tough to get on camera well well
well look at you guys just making it
right in the grey what is that donkey
what dude you standing up the concrete
just give me love let me get you Harry
let me get you Harry
you drive it you drive it's your car now
hundred percent
you drop this more than I do really uh
Brittany slowly turning the GTR into her
GTR I don't I don't really drive much
she always takes it so I took my heart
and x3 is getting the axles put back in
it was it not yesterday's day before
vlog I told you guys that I ripped the
front tire off and I don't have an
excellent at currently so I drove it
down and it's getting you axle in it
today I'll get it back tomorrow
yeah easy now easy donkeys doing his
usual just standing in the way it's like
you ain't gonna hit me you all talk okay
hot drop that paddle that paddle that
one drop it another one three there you
go see now you have now you got the
horsies if you keep it auto it's like a
dog now you that's time she only
guys an automatic but you gotta get used
to the paddles it's so much more fun
yeah that's better
Ohio is getting pretty again look at
that that's beautiful like The Wizard of
Oz right there yeah
alright guys we got our sponsor coming
in from you today from Dollar Shave Club
we talked what was that the debye movie
if you buy movie we that was our first
deal with Dollar Shave Club and I got
this package right
we all have our daily routines getting
out the shower brushing our teeth doing
our hair shaving
if you don't shave you probably know
somebody that does shave right I mean
you can tell it I shave a lot you shave
a lot girls gonna shave my legs
you guys dollar shave club has all the
things to make you feel fresh toothpaste
hair products Shh a razor every five but
wipes they got my wipes you need those I
mean check it out here's my line this is
what you when we do a sponsorship you
guys get some in return this is only
five dollars
you start with five dollar kit right
here all right five bucks
my gift it give it get it as a gift for
somebody get it for yourself you get the
body cleanser like a whitewash yeah wash
up cracker open you get the shave butter
keep its silky smooth baby all right all
right
you get boat wipes all right here open
out of the bag we're stopped we're
stopped we're safe you get their
state-of-the-art razor and a whole pack
of razors it's the whole essential kit
and it's only five dollars you start now
it's dollarshaveclub.com forward slash
Roman to get that deal so they're giving
you guys a killer deal off for the whole
kit again it could be a gift to be for
your family members a friend it could be
for yourself you guys know what to do
use that link to get the $5 kit it's
that easy thank you guys let's continue
all right what is this what is this
bring me out you bring me out to do
eyebrows
so this is this is this is why I my bro
this is what you have a you know a few
blogs ago I have an eyebrow so this was
a nice big lashes tip and she tells me
how this is done and I just kind of
laugh because I don't understand that
she wanted to bring the viewers along on
this ride and with your guys's routine
you've been a busy mom I mean it just
helps she's selling it she's selling so
what's the first thing you do is this
the thing where you get like cuts in
your house oh yeah are you serious yeah
like you can see the difference no I
mean I'm lying a lot your eyebrows look
good oh yeah I got once and now she's
just touching up so you get numbed up
it's numbing gel in here you feel that
yeah
feel this she gots it like that for 30
minutes waiting for eyebrows to go numb
how many of you guys have know my
eyebrows means I got to sit here for 30
minutes where's your ring yeah where's
the ring we're supposed to go get sighs
so it's so loose now she takes it off
the shower wait that's a blade like a
tattoo right so it doesn't go as deep so
it's temporary right
so you could do like a smiley face on my
hand I could only lastly you know hurt
like yeah who thought of this who was
the the you know discovered this idea it
definitely does look nice when you're
done like it takes some time but I've
been doing it for years
pretty solid look for me is I feel like
just the annoying guy at the camera it
looks like or jumping ahead a little bit
here it looks like like that just the
chick from dodgeball and like this
why do you look at me this way Wow I got
that new brows smell so Brittany came
and done this when we weren't vlogging
she just came home and she had like
crazy like it first it just comes on
like real dark black and it takes like I
feel like it was like four or five days
before it started to mellow out and I
was so shocked but once it once it was
done I was like yeah this actually looks
very nice it's really dark right now
yeah but doesn't look good
you cannot tell looks like just the nice
eyebrow that's crazy
so yeah it's twice now right that's two
times yeah twice and this last a year
well I think we have plenty of pictures
about 1200 vlogs before you do look
great congratulations on your new brows
those are 2018 models by the way okay
plate on my phone half the time look I
didn't want to really film a lot it did
look good you like it yeah I like it
yeah better hello man what's up we're
back that's fast right you lose any more
teeth oh she's like mommy mommy she
don't know you anymore with them brows
hoorah look at you what are you doing
hacking into my house aren't you you're
gonna hear everything wiretapping
this is highly common stuff around look
at this mess
this doesn't even look safe we are we
wanted to run ethernet internet cable up
into all the bedrooms so Brittany can be
directly plugged in Noah could be
directly plugged in Kane could be
directly plugged in it's always better
for gaming to have a Drac plug you know
so Brian and chase we're about to run
all these wires through our hat what
right
about their run wire meanwhile you
already have your entire house run
servers jacks in the wall for your
internet so for like two weeks we're
like Brian just do whatever you have to
do go through the ceiling run through
the walls take it back down to the
routers chase shows up and he's like
wait you literally already have this
cable run to all the bedrooms upstairs
was built into the house apparently you
know it's all run to this box and it was
all just a big rats now I'm just sorting
all the wires figuring out which ones go
to which room put them into that suite
now you're gonna have wired internet in
every room in the house that's
ridiculously awesome
nice job Gil Gil came in right we were
gonna about to put holes through all the
walls run all this cable so it worked
out really good really smart friend like
me it's just more wires and cables
running everywhere get her get her core
it's a high carb just wants to get up on
it give me this give me this you don't
need that don't coming to get it I'm
coming to get it
no see it's my binky Oh get it Cora get
it get it get working so hard for it
I literally turn it off and she starts
Dani do it huh look she's just standing
you doing it you're doing it yeah girl
she doing it good job baby
she's happy she is happy hey where you
going mommy's bucket for all these toys
and you want to play with a bucket
that's how it goes you have kids you
know what I'm talking about it's always
the things that aren't toys they
actually want one servo Walker I wanted
to run outside we have I hope they're
here right now of course the one time I
want to show you guys maybe maybe we
have two dogs I have fun I'm excited
they've been living here at the pond I
may own a female dog which means we're
probably gonna have a baby ducks I want
to get um they have these like little
houses that you put out by your pond and
then if they have their babies we'll
have like ducks and babies I I want that
flash where's the Ducks
I bet you know I bet you know I think
baby ducks is gonna be I got to get the
house cuz they'll be fine the hole is so
tiny you're like they can't even get
through that but the Ducks can go
through it it's crazy vampire what's up
buddy
they just landed I cannot make this up
they just landed in the pond as I was
recording that there they are
which one's the male and which one's the
female Bob Bob Bob what are they doing
maybe they're gonna drink but well to
the colorful one that the green one with
all the colors is the male and the the
brown and white one is the female and
they've been here pretty much since
spring start it somewhere around there
they're mallards we'll just see what
happens they would be Austin and a
little baby baby ducks swimming in the
pond this is all they're never leaving
now dude I got some bread and they're
coming in sup dudes nice to meet you I
got bread for de mama gettin it look at
that look at that ducks in my pond baby
I'm excited look at the the male is
letting the female eat it all Oh is he
gonna go for it flash is going crazy
what is this flash what is it you can't
get dude what a gentleman is like ladies
first
it's all yours babe you bulk up you can
have you can have my leftovers the
simple things now it's like the simple
things like well I'm so excited to feed
a duck in my pond I think it's cool that
they're here it's like light found my
swimming hole you have to watch out for
all the BMX and bikes and stuff but it's
a good home I promise it's a nice place
nice place to call home guys who's she
named him we should name him
what's it his name be what should her
name be so guys the goal in
between our movies movies some real home
stuffs real like actual like life you
know not the exciting awesome movies
that we try to make and I can't thank
you enough for the support on those like
literally eight and seven million views
on both movies it's like insane insane
but though goal was to like actually
come on here and do what we always did
and that was just flog our life and our
day and and and uplift you guys motivate
you guys inspire you guys put a smile on
your face even if it's for one second
maybe I'll push you to just try
something that you've been wanting to
try for a while or start that business
or you know it's like that saying
imagine if you started a year ago like
imagine if you just started a year ago
where you would be like just do it like
it's hard to explain but if you've been
following this channel forever and you
know like where I come from where I
started how little it was and how we've
grown together so you can do it you just
got to do it that's Bigfoot this is the
one you want well that's easy
all right here charm your self go there
see collection since we kind of stopped
daily blogging has it grown too much
still in a but a crazy amount of already
had the boat on the pond model it's so
fun out there random one here and this
is my newest my newest one it's big it's
a big truck so what's really cool is
Cora is like super into watching the are
seas when we come out here she watches
me and Kane like the trucks and
everything they do which is cool cuz who
remembers Cora me and Kane
me and Kane I don't know if you guys
remember me and Kane we painted and made
you this truck body before you were born
then you take our baby girls this is
yours so dirty now but that's yours baby
so get it out of here say done Tiana
have wheel doesn't have a wheels mom
Cora that's your truck baby
you gonna be able drive it soon it's
been a while but yeah Kane and I came
out in the garage one night and we made
this truck body just for her before she
was born
pretty cool come on let's go out to the
dirt ramps let's wrap them let's do it
alright Kane's got the rock climber I
got the rapper
she's out of control try to climb up all
the way from the bottom oh can he do it
can he do it Danny
oh alright try this put this down oh
wait is that the best mode okay bring it
like right here try not to let the wheel
spin that's the goal and just try to
climb there you go there you go
pump it you like the trucks baby huh
pretty cool y'all push the trigger there
are you ready you want to turn it turn
it right here there you go turn it like
this this is how I blog and drive by the
way if you ever see me driving an RC you
ever see me vlogging and driving an RC
um I'll do it with my thumb like that
you go push this one right here I'm
gonna do this one don't go backwards
knock mommy out you got it you got it
turn it you'll figure it out couple more
months you'll be smashing this thing
into the side of the house you guys
think I can clear the big momma the big
momma
jumped to this one this one will go
forward
that was perfect speed
I'm tipped you gotta go rescue me rescue
team yeah
roly-poly don't tip yourself this is
what we do if he flips I have to get him
if I flip he has to get me usually goes
pretty good you should hit me from the
roof hit me from the roof from my son
get me nice mission complete return to
base this old classic trick that we've
not done with this truck but I've always
act like in the winter when I pulled the
kids on the sled in the snow with an RC
we would add a bunch of weight so right
now Kane and I are hooking basically zip
tying these heavy rocks to this truck
because it's a climber it's a slow truck
tip when you get some more traction for
him so he can climb up them the more
climb up that ladder with it round you
guys going in mud wrestling
you got me we switch trucks I'm the low
gear truck only mud puddle in the whole
property me me we're covered in mud dang
it gain you know I just got these shoes
so cursed forget yours mom's gonna be so
happy with us I can't wait to go inside
and just hear her how happy she is you
gotta flip me flip it like a pig in mud
right now look at your truck hang on
look at these trucks look at that thing
it is solid pudding dude that is
chocolate put all right we got a dead
one you pull it in all right polaron oh
my gosh straight to the shower straight
to the shower get my hands look at my
hands dude this is all your fault don't
even look like our C's we build mud pigs
mud mud bugs yeah that looks so funny I
mean it's all rock I guess our wash Bay
right here
no Rock a doodle-doo go ahead both they
both got let it rain on them wonderful
you plan a grass seed on top of it we
could plant like a grass seed truck
looking like trucks again you can see
the colors yes right our C's have been
such a huge part of this household and
family like it doesn't matter even
people that come over here are C's just
like it brings you together it's
something so fun to do it's not like I
don't know how to explain it
they're just very fun I've used to sing
since I was addicted RC since I was a
kid and they've just they've just gotten
so good now you could take I've had
these under my pollen and they still
work it's like there's no way to destroy
him unless you're destroying you've seen
me destroy it's pretty good washroom and
I think I'm gonna let you watch all the
RCS tonight okay doing a nice little
warp I had to get a shower Kane had to
get a shower so muddy and low girls one
sleeve will say bye say bye see ya
already bedtime she's yelling at me oh
boy oh boy car up I ain't having it do
it it looks like looks like a this is
like glowing it looks like a black light
almost oh my god it looks crazy on
camera look look at your desk on camera
per minute we are we're calling it a
night kind of we're not going to bed
just yet but we're getting there
we're getting that what is that oh sure
it's your headband now put it all right
pop turn the top of your head in the
balloon dancing perfect yeah guys I hope
you enjoyed another really just the vlog
nothing too crazy we had fun didn't we
was it like super fun or was it just we
uh we thank you guys so much thank you
for being a part of another vlog and
another day of our life we will see
Sunday next vlog Sunday yeah every other
day right now good schedule baby steps
we did what did we do
what wouldn't we upload doesn't matter
Sunday's the next vlog guys we love you
so much we thank you for being here keep
your head up I mean like so far will
upload it every other day this week
Wednesday Friday Sunday yeah you don't
have to get it they get it you're hungry
yeah well you know what I do when I'm
hungry I eat a man Brown the woods and
catch you something back and then the
boy we're gonna eat and go to bed no oh
what dude I'm so sorry I thought I mean
the rules around here I had no idea I'm
so sorry it's it's 2:00 in the morning
it's only like it's it's not that late
it's like it's not even 9:00 yeah it's
not even bedtime yet it's timed in the
vlog we love you guys thank you so much
you are beautiful
you're one of a kind oh one of a tooth
you
