I love that you have your fanny-pack IV
don't be Elfie you know my fanny pack
you look awesome what's the new thing
maybe you better get in line I learned
one thing today there is no snooze
button on lawnmowers them guys were up
at the crack of dawn mowing all the
grass at the resort did you hear him it
was laughing look here's one right there
you guys ready for an adventure today
yeah dude that'd be gone rubber sharks
in there about to bond a serious
adventure man I hope you guys are ready
here we go here we go
thank you I want to see a shark so bad
take me the sharks I'll give you 20
bucks if I see a shark you serious I'm
dead serious the old deal right there
shake on it
that's Barracuda that's not sharks that
is not a shark you want it so bad I only
take a little bite out of you
don't mind that sashad daddy did I bet
in custody we barely touch the shop was
a shark you know if you get to the
hospital they might gonna sew that back
on
well they were beautiful fish man
I like barracuda that was they always
follow us while we snorkel they're
curious fish yeah they're curious like
Cory yeah
looking
I don't know I'm just gonna go you ready
my gear would like to do some snorkeling
and swimming you ready no oh there is
gain
that was pretty awesome man you see me
down there so sail round the boats dead
the boat will start Gilligan
someone took a number two to pardon the
hole in the mountain if it makes you
feel better I've never been stranded out
at sea man this is kind of a cool
experience battery take that wire off we
brought a little jumper with try it it's
got the mounts got some wires this is
not the time to go potty that's the way
you make handle did we got everything
working against the partner why would
they have a knife serious question
where's the flare gun
only one I'm worried about this side
that's it he's got to work in other
words the only one that's weak why may
just trim it back a little more shove it
in there all right we have stripped two
wires off the boat let's do this let's
go 50-50 shot we got two keys that look
alike Oh Mikey right never get the right
one oh it's Rev you ever plug the USB
cable in right the first time right
never ever never it's always always
okay Jack you ready
we go or nothing the main I have barn ho
oh yeah
he's gonna pull that's a lot of motor
and diesel it takes two batteries the
fire diesel you can let it set on their
furs I forgot it was a diesel I tried
looks like we're sleeping out here
tonight Caine
here we are day 3 mom and dad day we're
out there hunting for food you guys got
to bring us back something we're
starving up here
I'm confident they're bringing us some
food guys oh man he's hurtin you ok down
there man
don't jump overboard man we're gonna get
through this
there's our rescue boat people we're
going home I don't know what are you
gonna hook us up and pull those snorkel
snorkel snorkel and mask so the tool
they threw in the air Dale's off to go
get it man hey guys so of course the
tool they threw fell in the water I just
couldn't go any better
part guys made it back safe from your
back we were about to leave and I got
two things that I want to capture on the
vlog as a natural reaction so honey two
things number one I just put the first
shower since we've gotten to the Bahamas
that's like two or three days right
number two and this I want you to pay
attention number two and the last two
blogs that have netted up and went eight
Tom and when I lift my arm it looks like
I have a teddy bear that I'm smuggling
up under my pits so I just took your
scissors that win the bathroom and I cut
my armpit hair it's better than having
Teddy rocks bent up under my arms you
look like you want to kill oh all right
well you know you ready my man he put
that in there
with this yep okay try to do my hair for
the first time in like days I've been
wearing a hat every day my nose was gone
off of my hairspray so I've been
squirting it into my hand and then
rubbing it into my hair I know I know
so this is the best we get dude you look
awesome love it yeah
tropical baby man everybody's looking
better than me tonight that's for sure
loving that shirt man Wow welcome to the
island the size of this ship oh my gosh
yeah camera doesn't do justice what's
that sign say fishing shark feeding no
swimming allowed you ready see some big
sharks come on whoa look at that beast
oh he's awesome okay we should get one
of those for our fish tank
Dale's dropping a 360 camera into all
that they're coming up Delta fish felt
the fish all you gotta do is drop one
thing in there we gotta wait for food
just wait all right let's pull it up
recording this is gonna be awesome these
giant sharks in the water the owner just
came out and he's like sir that's not
allowed we thought we were fishing that
is a crab cake you wanna try it
you're gonna rig it up we're gonna rig
it up fish you should ring the bell Wow
look at you you got to get him over by
the camera dude that's a whole fish so
keep your camera and keep your camera in
the all man
it's an awesome or what try to hold it
Oh get it in this is gonna be above oh
man
absolutely beautiful alright go for the
MA what's ones that tastes like chicken
go for the grouper not bad look at the
size of this ship just right through
here
one last feeling before we go he's going
out on a Ledge we went in walk in now
we're wobbling I'm a little heavier than
I was back then stars
it's crazy bugs out tonight
crazy crazy little bugs I had a big bug
on me you'll be on sale what is that I
saw a big black bug did you see it I
think it was in that shell it's this
mommy won't come over here hey buddy you
Conrad you didn't even see it hold it
right there hold it right there he's
cool who wants to see him
you wanna you want to hold him who wants
to hold down there put your hand out
love you pinches no you won't pinch it
not on his eye hold it like this right
way
very gently very gently gently there you
go
everybody smile more looks good baby
alright guys what a day what a day this
is like my ending spot here at this trip
this is right in every vlog thanks for
hanging out with us today what a great
fun day you guys have a good time man I
had yeah like many many many thumbs up
he just wants to eat at bedtime that's
why I think being stranded out in the
ocean with you guys was a lot of fun so
we love you guys thanks for hanging out
we will see it tomorrow we're having
such a good trip just as a family in
general all of us together is you know
it's perfect well you see you guys
tomorrow you're beautiful you're one of
a kind
