hey guys before I start this blog I just
want to say thank you so much for
supporting this channel and not just the
channel but our family this little thing
right here this little spider thing this
little guy this little guy burning his
toast and making a peanut butter and
jelly sandwich
peanut butter sandwich and this thing
over here I don't know what that one is
just really need to thank you guys for
always being here through the exciting
vlogs for the vlogs were blowing up
stuff for the vlogs that we are
traveling the different cities and for
the blogs we're really not doing
anything at all thanks for being here
and if you're not having a perfect day
let's try to start fresh right now with
this vlog let's go let's put a smile on
her face
let the vlog Burt went out today and got
us this ridiculous stuff for a challenge
video should be fun behind something in
here I smell it I smell it it's not a
good day to wear white it's nasty it's
rainy it's cold it's disgusting but
they're brand new whoo you too come on
me right now no are you sitting that car
seat for real is that your spot today
all day it has been dark rainy cold 45
degrees according to car dude 45 it's
cold
so the
there's made my mood a little yeah it's
hard to haha
you guys know above them clouds is what
rainbow no sunshine gotta stay positive
matter what we are we were going out to
get some supplies for this ridiculous
video and maybe you guys have seen them
surfacing the internet already they're
going viral they're weird there
I don't not explain it I have no idea
from what we're doing I don't even know
how to do it we're just gonna do it
let's go ladies okay one thing I know we
need for sure is a drill for this this
guy all right here's the tricky part we
got the drill but now you have to mount
the corn onto the drill do you just get
a big drill bit slowly drill it in and
then it's hooked there's a sharp I'm
assuming that you could run a drill bit
straight through the core of the corn
and it would hold it it would lock it as
long as you didn't strip it out corn
scrimmage hmm hmm so maybe a fat bit
thicker bit something like this really
grab it grip it this is more like things
like this trial and error I have no idea
what to do I've never seen how it's done
I've only seen it done no uh Owen and
then you guys back here somewhere
I lost my kid okay
they're probably hiring you guys want to
get some jobs all right put a nap all
right we got our drill some potential
bits up in clowns
nice job I have no idea honestly God
what'd he say
hey boy hey boy oh I love the meet and
greet
come here alright so we are back home
Wow we're back home we got our drills we
got our corn and I don't know what to
expect or even how to do this but you're
scared you helping mommy what is this
nastiness on the wall it's just from
stuff boiling so this is what I got
right here 27 by 64 or whatever that
means I know you gotta cook it all right
I would say that is successful right
there look at that so this will work
cook that baby yeah oh that one will eat
that one so how do we turn this into a
challenge that's the real thing like we
can do it and we can eat it and show you
guys I'm sure it's funny but I want it I
want it to be like a challenge like you
guys vote on on what performance furnish
who it's the most to like you don't
waste it but so I guess it's going to
ultimately be up to you guys
wins or if we can't even do this your
protective gear so you don't rip your
hair out Britney saw this this video but
there's this video of a girl like doing
it in her hair gets cut in the in the
drill so she's freaking out oh my man
you need to put it up oh that's pricey
let's go do this I'm hungry I'm hungry
all right Kane you gonna be our
cameraman you gonna be the operator all
right we got our drills we got our corn
on the cob we got our cameraman this
looks legit maybe we got the full the
full crew here you know it doesn't want
to do it cuz he has a loose tooth that
would be a knockout right there in the
corn
okay now do we have to cut do we have to
core around corn this is the corner so
no matter what yeah
cameraman guy get thumbs up or we good
all right here we go all right we were
gonna cut away to Cain can you got it
all right take it away okay guys here we
go this is our attempt at the corn on
the cob challenge corn on the drill
challenge I don't know if it has a name
at all
corny Chow the very corny challenge
corny it's funny canes laughing I got a
thumbs up guys so this is the one that
already has the do this
I'm just gonna eat this one pick the
first piece should be kind of the tester
outer so we're just gonna do it see what
happens
I'm definitely salt mom oh oh that's
coming up fast
no no push it in push it you never use
the drill push it you don't strip it out
so push and let it just oh it's a good
one imagine imagine you know what
happens if your tooth hits the drill bit
which which way do you prefer this way
this way
oh I just got my gum all slumdog look I
mean it's almost gone yeah it's the flop
that scares me it's a little bit it's
all about presser you got to really put
weight into it
all right round one oh my gosh so you
need to you need to flip your drill
there you go ah no no this is it this is
a real race this is time this this is
for this is for yeah you know all your
corn off though all of it yeah
like nine I see ninety percent is
complete I need her sentence finish line
all right ready
it's not holding up what you strip it
out you strip it out hate my like
account
yeah that's like gone all right we got
to do it again no the almost caught us
all all right let's do this for real boy
no freaking talk after this I'm gonna
take this sweater offers for you baby
ready
if you beat me mine's way bigger than
yours ready
why did we do this tour 1000 every day
Wow what a friggin mass dude look at
that the bit I've never eaten that much
corn that fast so I was like drinking a
can of corn that's what it was nice it
just means your stomach upset
Oh corn doesn't digest either does it no
I got so cold out no smaller 5x sure
nice so I want to come out of here real
quick before me in this vlog you guys
know companies have been sending us like
the coolest stuff and the craziest stuff
and and some of it just stands out
cooler than others check this out I had
to come out just to show this oh those
are awesome
before I show how many people knows what
this is a cup holder
companies sitting pool stuff does this
was sent to us oh my gosh or to even
start that's chocolate is not why we
came out here look at you I think you
just want to come here for that
alright so I've been dying to show you
guys this I got it was a couple weeks
ago we mmm-hmm
Gibson gets hard sent us check this out
that's a terrible reveal I know check it
out whoa I don't even play guitar that's
pretty sick that's awesome oh my god
we're just gonna hang it up so that is
what these hands are for look well for
one of them no this is like regular
guitar stands and then there's beanies
leave that put that in the wall that is
sick okay that's not it that's not what
do you guys think this is so awesome it
stars all the stickers on that like
brand new
I'm a rock star that's a nice addition
to the store right
it's no therea that's awesome I think we
should hang on right in the middle of
these two desks okay and then we have
decided that this entire wall from there
all the way down will be fanart
mixed with this kind of stuff we're
gonna hang it all up and it's finally
happening it's been forever and for
those of you a part of the mystery wall
it is almost complete and we are nine
days away from finding out what this is
I'm just gonna tell you straight up it
is huge it is awesome it is a absolute
dream come true for me it is
unbelievable and I couldn't be more
excited nine days we are out of here
guys thanks for all the love and support
wait what a lot oh you really had
something we love you guys so much
thanks for hanging out with us just
goofing off around the house today and
of course got a late start we will see
it tomorrow thanks for everything you're
beautiful
you're one of a kind what are you gonna
do this what are you gonna do Jose what
are you gonna do with all these balls
