you guys ready to go home hey guys
welcome to the vlog we are up and out of
New York City headed home can you pick
up r2d2 do it let's see it
oh are you so strong we have truly had
an awesome time in New York City if
you've been watching thanks for coming
along with us but as always I'm super
excited to get home be home in our home
hanging in game join the beautiful day
sir yes sir we were headed to the
airport
Jeb fun in New York dude give me five
man you were a champ
another beautiful airport I love flying
I love blowing the airports but I hate
security check
it's always the longest Friday flat on a
Friday flying off
is it just me or airports turning into
malls spend as much as you possibly can
before you leave he's got so much energy
oh my gosh let's look at this man
whoa do you want one of these can are
you sure look
okay
alright this is us do we barely had a
little window over here you keep even
see you ready to go home you only go to
Ohio where it's probably raining just
like this
we got lucky it was so sunny the last
two days in New York gets flat
helicopter ride a boat or Central Park
I worked by canes energy only
for sure
we go right now
you don't want to go right now
oh we are off the plane we have made it
back in it's sunny it's not raining I
was dead wrong dead a frigging room
what are you doing we were going
straight to get Noah and actually I'm
gonna try to surprise him it's not much
of a surprise because yesterday I said
yo your new games coming out and he's so
excited about I was like let's get it so
it's not gonna be much of a surprise I'm
gonna get it now before I pick up Noah
as a surprise what do you think Zeus is
gonna do when he sees us I think he's
gonna jump up and bite me why'd you
leave why'd you leave he misses whoever
can throw his ball the farthest hey
where you going so one of Noah's
favorite games ever came out recently
I'm gonna try to surprise him with it
hopefully they have it oh look at the
little shadows yes they have it it's so
crazy every game I've bought lately you
get online and you download it it's so
weird coming to the store because our
Playstations are full there's no more
space we buy this cuz it's full my
Playstations are full it'll hold that
much they don't know much all right they
have the game Noah once what's the best
game ever made ever for any system what
is it you guys already know what I
played the most upright so calm - I used
to literally take off work to buy the
game came look it's Snoopy three grand
adventure mission complete
that's awesome
what are you doing
toothpastes and stickers you're gonna
sit up here
up here so no we got suitcases all in
the back man
Cain's just looking at the dog dude I
stopped it every store on the way home
nobody has that game yeah we checked
everywhere
Best Buy GameStop Walmart are you sure
it's out baby stinks
you excited
both my kids to electronics cane ran to
this PlayStation no ran upstairs looks
like all I got you boy come here you
look a little happier than you did when
I left you know what Zeus Noah I got
something for you too what is this what
is it what is it you know he is so ready
all right Zeus come here
hang on King come here come here come
here oh I got y'all's attention honey
can you keep oh can you look at him he's
going crazy can you keep Zeus right here
how about you keep well oh he'll stay
with me okay
you take it hang on hang on hang on
who's this from this is actually from
one of our viewers in a Cayman oh it's
from Erica so this is from Erica it's a
gift she said she didn't know what to
send us should she sent it for Zeus Zeus
you're about to have the time of your
life multi-ball ready
multi-ball honest and what are you gonna
do this what are you gonna do
so what are you gonna do with all these
balls idea what do I do
that's why you should are you glad we're
home
you know he wants to collect all of
these and put them somewhere right like
Erica thank you for sending this this is
this is really fun and obviously Zeus
loves I got the next thing for our house
that we have to have this could be
customer I think it'd have to be
custom-built
Zeus could have his water bowl his dog
ball and a tennis ball ball three I said
water bulldog wool tennis ball ball he
should have three balls one for food one
for water one for his balls warping over
to Taco Tuesday baby I love Tuesday's
Lego game hopper Tuesdays
really well it's Friday it's not Tuesday
every day is Tuesday when are you tacos
dirty eat where the heck you been are
you serious yeah what the heck the part
of the vlogs you guys never get to see
is me on the telephone blah that's
alright I don't ever want you guys to
wait for me on dinner and you guys eat
daddy will be here we're gonna eat and
then tear up a new project what yes
that's awesome
Zeus you're so happy right now he's like
just throw it just thought one time just
don't one time are you guys ready
oh all right that's a yes that's a
definite yes let's do this dragon the
dragon the giant bags first hang on that
goes with the yellow one I get in drag
it in
go go go go go go grab it grab it grab
it
those are your motorcycles all right so
I've been told there's a serious trick
to this you got to open it up and then
you got to beat the heck out of the bag
inside yep you guys are good at that
look at that that's crazy
come on tough guys get it out of there
rip it beat it up beat it up it's
actually way bigger than I thought it
would be you don't get that one out that
looks like a real project right there
imagine trying to get this back in that
bag what do you guys think these are
awesome
he said so the guys said that this one
could take like two days to fill out
like this is a bigger one maybe you guys
can help with that
Wow this isn't even the best part
did you see this giant bags of fur
thought the cover was gonna be really
miserable to get on it's super easy this
is gonna be next level movie night now
Wow
that's your favorite yeah they sent us
these our blankets and if they're like
the most ridiculously soft but they have
they have pockets in them for your feet
huge huge huge shout out to love sec for
sending us these this is definitely
awesome for our family man this is
awesome for anybody's family or maybe
just live by yourself maybe you're in
college and you want a nice little SEC
glam you could easily you might I think
you are gonna sleep in that okay huge
shout out love SEC for sending this to
my family obviously they love it so
thank you so much this was really really
really nice if you guys want to check
him out my gosh if you guys want to
check him out I have to show him some
love the link will be in the top
description of this video check these
things out Zeus that's not your bed you
know you look good on it though
please go show these guys some love off
from hooking the family out this is
really - nice - awesome and this one
apparently gets really big with time
like it takes a couple days any product
that says open it up and let your kids
beat the crap out of it first amen one
two three nice so so awesome you're not
getting up get up we gotta fall asleep
exist he's found his spot bye oh my gosh
you know when we leave where he's gonna
sleep now
100% he's gonna climb up on that well I
think I know what we're doing for the
rest of the night Noah's got his new
game awesome you need to bring your big
beanbag up here dude I want to put it
right the moving bed if we put it
sideways if you put in the corner oh
yeah so guys we're gonna call it a day
such a good feeling to just be home and
with my kids and everything's just back
to normal and you big Dino giant we love
you guys thanks for traveling with us as
always New York and back home and just
hanging out with the string of normal
vlogs we will we will see you guys
tomorrow
thanks for everything my gosh we love
you you're beautiful you're one of a
kind small
