hey guys welcome to the vlog how are you
guys doing wow that's a nice little flip
around now neckbreaker hey buddy you
look awesome today we are moving hotel
rows actually they don't have a room for
tonight so we have to move into a
different room another beautiful day in
New York City I hope you guys are having
such a good day look at this crazy place
man woo it actually works out that we
have to move rooms because we've
destroyed this room look at this trash
you guys ready yeah get out of here so
this is our last day in New York City
and this is one lane for today and we
have one bed whoa this is awesome
getting silent at a pizza place just
grab a quick bite of real New York Pizza
it's really good now we're headed out to
finally go ride a helicopter
yep up on in little girls
we are finally came are you ready or
what yeah we're gonna do this we're
finally riding a helicopter New York
City actually the only helicopter I've
ever been on was with you at Niagara
Falls here's a picture 154 weeks ago 154
weeks ago we wrote a helicopter
I don't think a lot of four-year-olds
ride helicopters dude this is actually
where you get helicopters and around the
bottle
this is really what you know because I
reckon I know the area only because of
the game it's so crazy
he's so excited hey guys how are ya
inserts here full the addresses only for
ward emergency landing you see in the
video I got it okay you know these are
you do these are our parachutes
that was so awesome the dam is like me
awesome day you know you know what the
thing that was so awesome you guys now I
get these crazy ideas I'm gonna learn
how to fly a helicopter watch mark my
words I will know how to fly - that was
so awesome imagine just wanted to jump
in that thing and take off fourth fourth
tallest building in the world right
there
so we are headed over to a place called
the intrepid now which is an old
battleship giant frigging battleship
look at that plane up on top of there
oh yeah look at these ropes you'll see
the submarine come here look at this
thing
then you imagine me in claustrophobic
getting in a submarine
oh man whoa this is awesome
holy moly how do you fly that sassy
Cobra I'd hate to be getting chased by
that thing going inside the ship this is
next next level lifetime right here is
there any ships coming shoot load the
cannons all right good
I think somebody got sleeping on the
right over yeah you imagine what's even
crazier to think about coming buddy now
they used to land Jets on this in the
middle of the ocean did you know that
these Jets would come and land on this
little runway the captain's bridge wow
this stuff really have meanings I think
these things these rooms and then we're
gonna take a ride on this boat he knows
good thing we're not in a hurry
yeah yeah we are now underneath the ship
underneath this look at this propeller
huh whoa look at you
flex look at the muscles oh who knows
what that does that's what you read that
sign and buy now stop it stop it it's a
steam accumulator an aircraft carrier
capsule propels aircraft to take off
speed relative ly short distance the
steam accumulator and holding tank for
steam produce below decks powered
Intrepid's portside cap catapult yes so
much today my gosh
check it out it's a LEGO version of the
ship
250,000 1/4 million Lego grips it
seriously blows my mind that people flew
these I mean they flew these used to fly
and shoot look at that helicopter came
what the heck did you see enough buddy
it's pretty cool you're so tired we more
this boy out finally
yeah keep dreaming Oh Oh what did we
find
yeah okay so we're getting on our
helicopter the guy took my camera and
took a picture of us as a family buy the
helicopter what's the first thing you
see about this family picture but zoom
in zoom in look close look close it's my
shirt okay all right guys when you first
see this picture what do you see what am
i doing that's probably not family
oriented that's I couldn't believe it
look at the hand gesture I'm giving the
camera it's so bad in front of my kid
until you zoom in and you notice it's
just light on my shirt Wow it literally
looks like
it's so caught me off-guard cuz he
handed the camera back I checked the
photo and then I couldn't zoom in on my
video like son I just put it on my phone
you can you can wirelessly put things on
your phone and oh my gosh that made me
laugh so hard oh you can do that how did
how did I even do that I don't remember
doing that there's no way you did that
yeah exactly so
saina relief it's just my shirt
yeah and just let everybody comment I
can't believe you're flipping so we
found and Outback Steakhouse in New York
or weakness this is our weakness I don't
always film you while you're eating
alright guys warming back to our little
shack here which we've already looks
like we've already been here a month
Cain just to be perfectly honest with
you guys we thought Cain was getting
really tired today on our trip we drove
back we got here and then we all passed
out three hours of sleep this bad is bad
but we feel good I feel great watch the
skin let's do this build me a box build
a box okay
cool the box here's the game all right
this right now
all right you know how fragile it is
right if you drop it it breaks okay you
got to catch it without breaking it
ready we'll start right here Andy ready
penny it's like an egg no it's like an
egg you have to you have to go down with
it I'll bust in your hand yeah you throw
it oh yeah Oh easy penny look when you
catch it go so now we're just chillin
we're just goofing off we all have way
too much energy for how late it is it's
late it's later than it should be okay
here hope you guys had an awesome day I
hope you feel good if you're not having
an awesome day maybe you can start fresh
right now with this blog and you know
you did it yeah that does not count we
are flying home tomorrow back to Ohio
I'm so excited to pick up Noah Zeus is
probably like who are they
nobody's talking my tennis balls
he doesn't really care about us he just
cares about where his ball is going well
someone's their cotton ball he does care
about us when you catch it you go down
with it have you guys ever played a game
where you catch it in a spoon no I
haven't if you keep the spoon flat it
boss boom but if you catch who has an
egg this will go down as the strangest
shower I've ever been in it's it's a
little ridiculous and the drains all on
the floor
so as you're taking a shower the water
just goes around it it's it's a little
ridiculous I think it's just my OCD the
water hitting the wall and going behind
the tub just freaks me out oh you guys
look ready to cuddle so I think the best
thing to do is in this vlog get it
edited get fresh and hand over you get
fun in New York
so crazy here every time we've been in
New York it's been like business like
you go here you go there you do that and
you come home yeah that's nice every
couple days it's like see anything
before we go Kane a couple days ago
maybe a week ago I told you I have a big
cowlick just like you this is when you
can really see it when I get out of the
shower this is legit my hair like this
is how it looks if I put nothing in it
look at yours too look at that we love
you guys thanks for coming into New York
with us and just hanging out it's been
fun we will see you tomorrow
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
don't let nobody bring you down we'll
see you guys tomorrow
smile more that looks great
yeah here we go you're rowing a boat
yeah would you guys like to go oh I
haven't done this for a while
