guys welcome to the vlog I hope you're
having such a good day it is kind of
beautiful kind of rainy it's a little
mix not even important I don't really
know why I tell you guys that I had to
run downtown Columbus today I dropped
Arras off at the Rope factory to film
something so cool I'm like racing back
to get there I look get ready for
another exciting vlog
look what I got Brittany check this out
look at that don't be afraid to show you
grow your lever man don't be afraid
doesn't have to be a lot of flowers that
could just be a card with with a note in
it it means so much man
men and women were wired differently we
think differently they love little
things like they love little gifts
things many things with their parts
women think with their hearts I don't
know that's true for everybody I love
you guys thanks for being here man I
hope you're ready we're gonna try to do
another exciting vlog lots of cool you
meet things like yesterday was so fun to
me and I just really enjoyed it so let's
do it all over again today let's go to
the road back alright so it looks like
I'm walking into quite the frustration
what's going on to us had to snap them
off but it's and that's not been woven
wanted this is when I sit trust it's up
in a box that I'm super excited about
this is trois is phantom slow-motion
camera this is the king of slow-mo right
here this this camera is I want it so
I'm keeping it I didn't know if I told
you that so what is this crazy machine
this is a rope breaker that's what it
does it breaks the rope and then when it
breaks it tells you how many pounds the
rope took the break so this is what rope
factories used to test the strength of
their rope it's pretty incredible
actually the whole goal here is to
capture rope snapping in super slo-mo
but apparently the Rope keeps breaking
on the knots or down below I don't know
how to explain just out of camera
so they've been working on it they've
been working on it the whole time I've
been gone so it's a little frustrating
so I've missed a little bit of the setup
this morning but apparently this rope
wants to break around the coils where
you actually wrap the rope so for the
slow-motion camera you can't capture
that so we're gonna move out to a bigger
machine bigger ropes hopefully that'll
work alright it may be a little loud
around here guys but we're moving up to
a half inch polyester this is a serious
rope this thing's gonna be about up here
before the throat zap if all goes right
this rope will snap
10,000 pounds dude what's that sound
like a shotgun like a small nuclear
explosion you know low impact bunk
bunker buster' how the struggle to get
the rope to snap exactly where the
camera is filming it's super difficult
it was fun we failed but it was fun we
didn't fail we learn how we shouldn't do
it yeah right that's how you get out of
it so the rope snapping slow-motion
video didn't go exactly how we only step
one clip we can show him right yeah that
was we got one but it wasn't it I will
let you decide
Dale hooked Ross up with a whole box of
rope though so you're happy I'm so happy
I'm not happy but you guys don't have
know what to put it against the whole
bags full your camera crap yeah I'm very
happy I just you know so far it was me
do you want to give them to her you
think you can carry that you got it oh
you got it
is it for you
King gotta for you oh good job tough guy
those are heavy yeah dude pull it up
nice perfect that's good
Jeff on this slow motion camera need to
be plugged into the computer head into
the wall so we need power it's crazy
so yesterday's vlog I showed you the
trust brought these iron balls the rusty
you wrap them in aluminum and they
create these giant sparks so today we're
gonna see what it looks like in
ridiculous slow-motion so Oman we're
gonna do this one at 25,000 frames per
second 25 that sounds like a lot yep you
ready I'm ready set go
nice ok so I would imagine on the vlog
camera this isn't gonna look like
anything you probably barely be able to
see the sparks especially in the daytime
yeah right now outside in the daylight
so I'm hoping and I think that this slow
motion camera will make everything look
perfect beautiful that is beautiful Wow
good omen if I had a slo-mo cam me and
my kid I don't think we'd ever leave the
house you've imagined what you do with
the kids all day alright so for our
channel for you guys we are going to try
some but now I have things to choose
from we've got we've got the big mortars
of which is gonna look unbelievable and
slow much you wanna do a sparkler I do
let's do it together yeah yeah when he
starts we're gonna hold it right where
you're at so we'll hold it just like
this and let him get the shot I'd be
cool right yeah and Who am I good so the
whole idea here is a shoot on the blogs
to show you the difference between
regular filming versus the slo-mo cam
see ready
the job is you help really still it's
perfect now we're gonna step it up a
notch I'm gonna put the gloves and
glasses on and I'm gonna hold it
a giant wad of sparklers yeah dude it
blocked my whole face I just I
disappeared
okay one more we're gonna try the fan
fan um out here we go
you want it back but I think your hair's
too short we could try but we might need
to get wet they were doing real real man
stuff now ready okay let me see you got
your daddy's crazy cowlick man like a
cowlick just yeah
that's why daddy stand in tear up so you
can't see my Calot okay over here
alright see ya
just doing Kane's hair you know we've
got one more experiment for the slo-mo
cam today and that is you've seen this
in the vlogs dragon breath shotgun
shells mm-hmm whoo
safety is definitely on standby yep
don't wanna lose my hearing or vision
I've got my little Mossberg here
this baby is awesome we're gonna throw
some dragon's breath in it and I
guarantee it's gonna be a beautiful show
that's it's gonna make art King we
should take a marker and we should paint
out that tooth so your shark matches you
all right let's not waste no time this
is gonna be awesome dude I'm really
excited about this you guys have seen
this if you follow the vlogs but it
happens so fast I'm really excited to
see what it looks like
slowed-down may be up to 25,000 frames a
second you've never done the dragon's
breath yeah never done it in slow motion
so I'm excited to see what its gonna
look like yes
Kane you ready so it's like it's like
rainy out so the grounds super wet I'm
just gonna shoot directly into the grass
all right we're getting rained out it is
nasty man
look at this computer phantom cameras
should not have water on it the next
thing we're gonna do today is are you
guys ready for this you ready for them
to see it oh you are beautiful last week
I did a hilarious video with my buddy
Alex called the mouth guard challenge
and this time we're gonna do it a little
differently not only we're gonna wear
the mouth guards but we're gonna freeze
everything in liquid nitrogen first
which turns everything into stone ice
and we got to eat it
fun fun will be the key to this whole
thing
we've got marshmallows we've got hot
dogs
we've got bananas we just shot a video
for his channel where we spray whipped
cream you awesome basically put it in
your mouth and you just start blowing
smoke out of your nose out of everything
so I don't do so good though at the same
time I don't know what actual food is
gonna do like a hot dog I don't know
jello bubble gum eggs oh that's great
put it on it's just gonna freeze the
pipes no it looks awesome look at that
well not it would not miss the pipes I
promise you
I dumped it into the bowl of water ready
dude that's awesome guys we just wrapped
up one of the grossest throughout the
bowl
no it was looked like it was cracking
earlier okay guys we just fill in the
most ridiculous video I am gonna upload
this as a separate upload so you're
gonna have two videos in one day don't
really hurt myself let me just show you
something away Oh
don't show that I have to I look at you
you look like the table we got through a
lot of the ingredients we learned that
the jello was actually dangerous it
absorb to be liquid and it would come
out is really bad a burn I look pretty
good the marshmallows were awesome the
bread was awesome the bread was like a
solid air is like eating air the
crackers were good Zeus come on boy come
on hey guys I got a little plan whoa
whoa whoa all right guys here's the plan
about two weeks ago I filmed a video for
Scott to free with all the you remember
I drove the fancy car the BMW through
the warehouse with all these tubes well
they sent me a whole bunch of them
here's a fun fact I personally will look
at all these look at all these bye
personally in my lifetime we'll use
about thirty eight hundred and forty
five tubes so over 3800 tubes that's
like that's a lot of tubes so here's my
plan Brittany is putting Kane to bed
she's usually about 30-40 minutes or she
falls asleep while I edit that can't
happen tonight she has to be awake
38-hundred tube should be enough to fill
my fridge trust hasn't got to pull any
pranks while he's here
are you with are you staying with me you
focus we are gonna take these tubes in
and fill the refrigerator we're gonna
fill up fridge something super innocent
super fun let's go breaking knows we
have the tube she knows they showed up
Oh what can we do with these tubes I'm
just gonna catch her off guard with
something silly there's some fun help me
do it
if the empty
we're gonna empty it all out oh my yeah
there's all you want to eat it oh that
would be way easier than putting it all
in here we would take there let's just
put all in here and just hide it kind of
okay we'll just let it go babe no I will
put it back in tonight or tomorrow my
office is probably the safest place Zeus
is like oh yeah some shoes on
maybe one more these tubs look at this
look at that look all these are full
he's gonna take it in store stacking
again
this is awesome it's just fun I love it
yeah this would be the last thing we do
I think this is good she's probably
asleep dude why I was huh firewalls but
I would have to be quiet anymore just
product sleep I'm so worried like that
if Zeus is asleep she's asleep are you
hiding are you hiding maybe give me five
there it is
I love you boy let's say she does
something but you're the guest she'll do
anything for you do you still have milk
do you have any milk that's a good one
cuz she might not actually never I still
know but she'll get it so here we are
letting time pass I'm debating to go in
and see if she's asleep
maybe text and just say yo are you awake
trois is just eating zero it really
don't care that is so nasty sometimes
pranking is like fishing and cast your
bait out and you wait for a bite
not really we I was just I swear on
everything I just told to Ross like
she's out she fell asleep what happened
King took forever I think you did fall
asleep well we just gotta end this a log
it lasts forever I'm eating cereal for
after like a year right but I ran out of
milk you drink all that milk in there I
think I do
you know what actually want to borrow
some
you mean we're milk open the other side
Johnson's cleaning it up it was all his
idea
it's all truck that's all he cares about
is the food look how beautiful this is
no as soon as you went in the room we
started I know
no you never come out that's what I knew
did you actually eat the cereal I do
know he did reading we've been doing
science the last two days this is the
only innocent thing we could come up
with you know what he said put
firecrackers in the room this is the
perfect time to actually in this vlog
thank you guys for all the love and
support
well you're awake now so we're gonna
need some help oh all the foods in my
office and buckets we can't leave it out
for too long just recognize that fridge
oh I feel bad about that
thanks for everything I hope you've
enjoyed today tell us today in the
comments what should we slo-mo we still
we run our weather has been really
hurting us on some of the things we want
to do tomorrow's calling for rain too
but never know what we might get some
Sun diz according to night you spoke
that's good noon to walk good night good
night said again
it spoke way to night you alright love
you baby
you guys are awesome you're one of a
kind
don't forget it small one cool
yes your company yep
it bows oh my God look at this
