hey guys welcome to the blog we got the
whole crew with something wrong nothing
you act like you didn't know this camera
was coming
no I didn't we have a very awesome
special guest coming to the house today
what are you doing I'm putting this on
the pinball machine because Todd's come
in and we can't clean when he pees
you're gonna give him a heart attack
he's not gonna fall for it
Amber's cleaning chairs today I mean
does that really need Donn chair
cleaning are you ready for our special
guest today are you sure he's pretty
crazy so pretty much all we're doing
this morning in Brittany and Emily went
to the grocery store to fill this fridge
with groceries is get ready for a
special guest that's what we're doing
you guys know when we have a guest we
like to like make sure that alice is
nice pictures rose nice check that off
the list check check
eggs eggs bacon sausage that should be
plenty
you want more oh come on what dude I
swear what do you mean for a second I
think here is gonna put the camera up
and get you that's it
all right are you hey are you gonna
we're gonna fish thing today does it
fail but I'm sure for a second he's
heart drop
if I did with a little bit this is the
biggest part of the day Zeus breakfast
you gotta eat really good dude look at
this
I actually know how good this is but it
feels my god honey you ready you know
what the best piece leave it no leave it
leave it leave it
okay hey get your breakfast how's that
yeah what do we have french toast
waffles or pancakes but we are having
syrup syrup on your meat look at this
like father like son
let me tell you guys a very weird and
honest story I have not showered today I
have it you sure last night so one of us
one of us doesn't smell I think I know I
have a shower today because I ran out of
hairspray I mean completely out so this
I'm using yesterday's hairspray to
maintain this it's all it's all well
thought out like this is not because I
didn't want to shower because I couldn't
what could I have done
washed everything but my hair I thought
it I don't I didn't want to say that
though then it makes me look like an
idiot anyways alright power running now
to get a couple things I don't know why
I shared that with you you wouldn't know
whether I should or not I told you I did
it
big deal Shauna's not that important
everyday dude curl power that means you
can do more reps this I think you just
spray it on your arm and then you're
stronger and my kids like I feel like
bars of soap have been like deleted from
the planet I still like bars and stuff
but nobody ever has them everyone uses
body wash stuff like that one certainly
not as nice as it was yesterday I'm in a
hurry
you see a toaster we just passed this
house or something holy moly that thing
is gone I see a ceiling fan yeah it's
like a whole basement and everything oh
yeah there's the door you driving I'll
get in the passenger seat this house is
friggin clean like to clean I never seen
it like since we moved in it's like this
hey I mean I can't remember the last
time I saw this part of the house this
floor there's nothing there I need for
my side of the bed hi buggy so I'm not
actually gonna take a shower I'm just
gonna wash my hand real quick and
probably destroy this camera
get in here with me but I tell you I got
the best kids in the entire world I'm
sitting here watching my hair and Keane
is scratching my back you are the best
in the next and the next like week or
two I watch my buddy hey I sit in the
next week or two I'm actually gonna wash
my body I'm trying to do a new thing
where you don't shower and you only
watch the body part a day so today's
head baby me and you yeah no no Andy got
washed today this house got a full
makeover day Zeus's bed got cleaned it's
brand new again only last a few days
with this dog he is a monster it's like
having a monster truck live in your
house this is do you do that it's not
like somebody said my name or dad since
this one who was that Kane is that Kane
look who's that
don't pull down my crappy belt curtains
it's time to wear out the dog Street
edition all right Zeus it's me versus
you let's go
it's already dinnertime exactly yeah
you gonna do it all yeah dude I'm so
excited right now for sweet learn woo
doing a great job
look at this little baby cane corn cane
on the cob like Bucky the beaver knows
that sweet corn here we are
dinnertime at the Atwoods my camera goes
Auto blurry after this amazing dinner
thank you honey our special guest
finally I know her who is it well they
probably do it because they actually
skip past this part of the law to see
who it is and then they come back
alright guys our guest is finally here
my brother's here too or somebody you
don't know who this guy is you will
after this week we were about to make
some are you in town are you out there
house this is what I is that in case I
pranked you yeah it's crazy Russian
hacker Toras baby
welcome to the our nerves are so tall
how tall six seven stand aside and bread
most people say that because I see it
like in the camera another store here we
go
you're pretty friggin tall dude
let's see if I can make walk to yo you
got it Oh see right that's why we built
the taller gyms take off the coat man
you're safe you're safe in this house
you know you can take off everything
you're safe you can relax you can just
well we'll see you go home is your home
trust brought some craziness and what's
in this box is probably what I'm most
excited for but awesome thing liquid
nitrogen think we're gonna be blended
just what we need I am NOT up any VDS
and liquid nitrogen so should be fun I'm
sure Dale's already racking his brain so
we got so much cool stuff we're actually
gonna sit at this table for a while me
damn Ross Brit and we're gonna
brainstorm because he didn't get in late
it's late yep but uh we've got we got
time to play so we're gonna come up with
crazy ideas I'm sure you've already come
with a lot ideas I've got ideas Dale's
got ideas yeah it's so during the storm
you're gonna hold a pole and the
Lightning is gonna come down and hit you
in slow motion I hope it gets warm soon
so cold little buildings filling a hub
oh my gosh this is crazy
so tonight I'm not gonna lie it is
really about making the rest of this
week insane
awesome something new something unique
experiments explosions you name it we're
gonna do it this is awesome this is so
awesome
it's gonna hang up tomorrow right so we
had to run out I know before I went to
New York in LA we mentioned fan of the
week we've got our first one and this is
this is something we would want to make
fun like we want to make this fun we've
already posted it on our smart more
Twitter this is the very first fan of
the week and I think you all agree with
me look at this look at this guy
I don't know that we should I don't know
that we should sign their photo though I
feel like we should sign picture of our
family and send it right well we are
yeah that would be cool but we already
did it this way so maybe we'll add that
this frames broke oh no way
yeah I think I gotta order a new one I
think that makes it even more like us
though random broken stuff I just want
to say that family week has nothing to
do with how much smile more stuff you
have but when I saw this photo it blew
my mind and this is an old photo I
believe he sent this like last year but
he resent it and I had to like it's just
such a whole photo it could be you it
just made a custom smile more wall it
doesn't have to be our merch at all but
this one I fell in love with it ah it's
great so we will start praying the week
now and we want to have fun with it you
got a cool photo of you with smile more
it can literally be you they've written
it on a wall it doesn't have to be
merged just fun we want to make this fun
and want to make you a part of our life
and our journey we will hang you up in
our smile more building once a week so
I'm already excited to pick the next one
yeah I also want to say that the smile
Moore store officially finally has a
real Twitter account there's only one
there's only one real account and it's
us I'll put it at the top of this video
if you want to follow us on Twitter
that's where we'll post you guys on fan
of the week and probably more than just
do we yeah what's the instance alright
we gotta go we gotta go
I know it's a terrible time in the vlog
like it just is but we get we're gonna
go and hash out all night ideas and cool
stuff for tomorrow and the next day and
it was gonna make it fun so let's do it
let's send it boxes
lots of boxes here's the newest update
on the mystery haul the mystery wall oh
boy coming soon looks cool now I like it
like this thank you guys for hanging out
support and watch and we freaking love
you I don't know what to say this week
is gonna be so much fun I think I'm more
excited about it then you are that's it
we're gonna go we're gonna call it a
night we love ya don't forget lost
you were one of a kind smile more
beautiful this is the secret
