hey guys welcome to the vlog welcome
back to Ohio oh my god I'm so dizzy
don't break it come yeah pull me up
ready let's go do our thing let's start
this vlog let's go you know what let's
go get now come on hey you guys you
ready you're gonna do it oh god what is
that what do you got in your room let's
go so we've had this thing for a while
actually
Owens mom and dad gave it to us we're
gonna go see if it still works you ready
let's go this way oh boy we got some
kids the way out today baby
what happened Noah you've officially
outgrown your bike I was like here is
this it I don't remember like nothing
right that's what you're gonna tell them
like I look like nothing let's see
vanette bamp bamp bamp bamp Ben and
little Danny hey boy give me all you
want your ball that's all you need in
your life
Oh mommy's driving mommy's driving this
is this is the clean
you got it straight out straight up Wow
perfect I'm muscle man let's see what
you got oh there's oh you got it you got
it you got it
come on dump it on Owen you got it
I think it'll stay I think we're good
now that's just a little bounce house
from the winter bit remember sledding
off the roof go for it don't let it fall
out there's a really good chance that
this has a hole in it which would be
really bad
you ready rock star
nice delivery MA dude this is gonna be
awesome
Zeus is ready yeah
just this bar it's like a full pool that
is awesome you guys remember this they
just said I remember it being bigger
this is this used to be like from our
older house that used to play on the
floor when Owens dad would blow this up
it was like the highlight and he gave it
to us these things awesome
all the good old days I remember
drinking out of the hose so much you
know give it a test
no uh you have to run across the yard
jump on the board go across without
getting wet all right go go go go go go
go go go there it is
hang on roadblock you got a roadblock
zhuzi swimming quit drinking it don't
drink it feels so freakin good to be
home guys I know I say this a lot but
home is home my home is turning into
vacation because when I'm here I am on
vacation don't kiss on the Frog they
don't like that maybe a little brains
gonna run to the storing at steak
burgers hot dogs chips I guess I'm gonna
its vacation hurry back
I'm gonna miss you like crazy thanks so
much you guys having fun or what are you
cool
that wasn't I'm having fun reaction he's
like the color bright green
you know what stinks about these bugs
though they jump this is a water balloon
ready ahh
didn't even pop wow it didn't pop yeah
all right Zeus is target bronzes oh we
got one you actually did get in his
mouth
get him Zeus
razors ready oh you're making Lego apple
juice puffs been hanging out with Zeus
too long fill it fill it up
oh man you ain't never had no lego pop
before I think when you when you put
this on it all straighten it out huh
definitely doesn't go that way yeah here
we go now you're talking we got steak
Rome and Brittany know you want burger
you want bugger huh
Dale's bigoted a toes yeah there's
cereal boy ramen noodles of cereal
noodles steak cereal and all of this
steak is for Zeus Dale's idea that's
nice dude you're yeah I know
Zeus you're sleeping with Dale tonight
pick your piece before I do pick it pick
it yours is coming yours is still on the
grill huh yeah it actually is come here
dude are you ready this is all yours
dude oh you ready sit his mouth is going
crazy look at that how do you want it
medium what medium you probably like it
well you probably like a light cook
since we're taking care of the house
while I'm gone all right there you go
eat it black you don't even know where
to start
hey all your notice the wrong what's up
I get paper plate with steak and that
that's an honest mistake
honest mistake look at that whole plates
gone already
before I could even sit down eat Zeus is
finished
alright Kane what do you think this box
is dude let me read you let me read you
what it says it says so much more fun
than getting towed b by an RC car what
do you think it is I don't know oh snap
it's heavy it's heavy look that's us you
know open it I open it this way right
here get it get it oh this controller
drives it look forward backwards let's
charge that baby uh it might be charged
Rome I got some juice okay so you guys
may remember vlogs and vlogs ago I made
a video where my RC car was pulling me
behind my big truck and I said something
like I don't have one of them electronic
skateboards and this guy the owner of
this company sends me his electronic
skateboard look how cool this thing is
the greenwheels win in my heart that's
awesome now fill it out how long will
this bag last how long will it such an
awesome day man brother family's here
we're just hanging it out man we're
filling the bird feeder I mean that's
that's that's something right there
we're filling the bird feet or not seat
it doesn't get much more exciting than
this right here Kane loves it everybody
say good night sunshine we probably
won't see if Rogaine is taking a bath
you got you really need a boogie board
man you would get beat up like twenty
supplies and stuff under our sink we
don't pretty much all toys
daddy's drawers are all toys
yeah and I remember back as a kid or the
greatest things of all time came
actually sometimes you have to fight to
get flame yeah he's a lot better
what are you doing yeah right you've
taken over the house Kane so now that
Olin is at his own house now they just
play games together all night
what'd you guys play mica that game so
crazy now you memorably first for
Atlantis oh yeah that was like worlds
all right we'll have fun let me know if
you need food and water and things like
that survival it is feeding time at the
little reef get it get it feeding time
is crazy man these fish moves so fast
her to film them yeah I got a little wet
worm you guys want him you see smile
looking awesome boy let's see if mommy
wants you you want this little wet but
just me and you boy he's nice and clean
he doesn't smell like a garbage can
anymore that smell like a poopy pig but
to get some I like an alligator's mouth
Zeus is out there cuz he's all muddy
yeah and all that steak and then went
and rolled in the mud like a big old wet
Pig huh ready let me get you some
clothes alright guys we were getting to
that time of night where the kids are
asleep it's time to just hang out cuddle
up watch I'll wait
I'm gonna add I'm gonna add it that's
what we're gonna do we'll get to do what
most couples do it would be like movie
time right now right what do couples do
I'm forgetting what it's like to not
follow even though I didn't know
yesterday couple quick things
tomorrow is special guests time we have
a special guest coming to this house and
I'm gonna give you two hints the first
hint is we have never
collaborated with this guest before
that's a big hit there's nobody that's
ever come to the house before the second
hint is I have never collaborated with
this guest ever it's gonna be absolutely
awesome you guys gonna enjoy it so much
so that's it for today's vlog I know
that at this point of the vlog
the only people watching are like people
that watch like you you watch more than
just today's vlog you've watched a lot
of our blogs so I did vlog yesterday I
didn't upload it but here is yesterday's
vlog if you don't want to watch it skip
about 4 minutes hey guys welcome to the
vlog I'm getting a very crazy late start
to my morning I'm trying to actually I
don't even know if I'm gonna make my
flight I'm really late what is this on
its throwaway how do I get to 46 eh yeah
thank you so I'm trying to get home
today see the kids see the family I'm
very excited as always for that but it's
been a crazy day hi how are you
I made it I made it to my gate we're
going home
let's go flying my first time
oh it's raining who woulda guessed it be
rainin man you know who would've known
hope you guys are having an awesome day
man I hope you're being positive
thinking positive remember this a
negative mindset will never give you
positive results remember that you gotta
be positive man you guys know this
anyways we lose a lot of time flying
from LA to Ohio so it's not always
exciting on my trips home because we
lose like seven hours of your life do we
need it for our flight three hour time
zone change look never get that back now
hate time time is so anyways it's my
brother Dale's little boys birthday
right now so we're gonna head straight
there Brittany kids family everyone's
there so come along with me let's go uh
Brittany already brought the gift so I
should be alright just stopped at a gas
station I got to get him something for
his birthday I know Brittany already got
him something really awesome but I got
to show up with something will you get a
seven-year-old I know I did dang it what
is that oh you got something else oh
yeah I know you got a lot of cool gifts
today but uncle Roman brought you
something else you ready
get you a pack of chewing gum dude
well you're here now he also got him
some Star Wars like it
he was constantly talking about you this
morning he was sleep talking I was fully
six me and talk about that you know war
at home had some serious off-camera
family time over at my brother's you
guys have fun today you know Cece I want
to Cesar's to its Kane low ran guys look
cool with your hood up see hey dude
so that was yesterday's vlog it was
literally about four minutes and I came
home and we all crap I crushed hard and
I was like past them I died man so
forgive me I know you guys understand I
don't really have to ask for forgiveness
but uh that was yesterday's vlog hope
you enjoyed it we love you guys we will
see you tomorrow with our new special
guest and crazy nice to meet you so much
fun we will see you tomorrow thanks for
everything and of course in the comments
who's the special guest we love yet your
beautiful smile mwah
Big Mac paddywhack give a dog a bone I'm
the best rapper and everybody knows let
me drop some verses i'ma show you how it
goes it gets flow on the web everybody's
want Mouse
