hey guys welcome to the vlog you know
that we have been talking about going
skydiving for quite a while and it is
gonna happen
Momo overheard me and she said wall try
Scott oh yeah I'll try it you really
would yes I am I'm not too old to try
your fans I'd love it
oh my god I wouldn't everybody would
love it I am totally down for this I am
I'll try
you really will try I will I really will
is there any restrictions how old are
you - May 3rd is mom's birthday and
that's where I was like oh my god let's
go for your birthday okay that's 79 I'll
be give me 7900 if you were 80 79 that's
very do it next year no no that's let's
celebrate your 80th birthday my 71 your
70th is this your lunch cheese and
crackers I thought I upgraded you no no
I don't want to put on too much weight
if I'm go to sky bag okay guys we're
just getting the day started just want
to see what Brittany's doing how big boy
hey buddy oh geez okay well it's not
raining today that's a huge plus maybe
am i I don't know
I need my ID please boss please boss you
still have my ID though when did I have
it this is so interesting dude I love
these pants those are awesome my mother
picked me up and it is so good to see
you and foot yeah I'm home for two full
days I gotta be in LA tomorrow so we're
hanging out a little bit she's actually
taking me you guys know I dropped my car
off last week so she's taking me to get
that thank you no problem
everybody's helping out on every end of
all parts of our life we're like
chickens with our heads cut off lately
but uh every
good it's all good no good problems to
have yep he well here she is not done
man I can't you've had this thing how
many days a week so had a nail in the
tire so what was making the squeaky
noise uh got tired be a little
impression who's making it squeak pins
to run flat so it's got a real good side
so I know nothing about cars I swear he
was out of here
no take it figure Kepner just get do it
well I'm definitely I'm definitely stuck
here now somebody hit a gas line they
just closed the whole road off and I
don't know what's going on we're here
with eyewitness Roman news let's find
out what happened today on 23 sir what
happened what happened
does anybody know what happened who hit
a gas line how do you eat a gas yeah
we're here the gas line like this yellow
day yeah so I didn't think I'd be
spending the day here at Nissan and I'm
guessing whoever has I'm guessing
whoever has my tire is stuck on one side
of this closed-down road we might as
well go get some food guys everyone is
fine somebody bumped into a gas line
apparently
totally random and this never happens to
me have a bloody nose my nose is
bleeding that's so weird
I never have a bloody nose ever in my
life I got my car back guys it feels so
I've never liked it far this much my
life I really have it I love this car I
don't know if it can let me out though
we're gonna get out we're out of here
I'm going I'm going I'm making a run for
it it's all open this whole road to
myself nobody's saying nothing I don't
know what happened man this is crazy
this exit right here right here
Westerville this is where my first nice
car caught on fire was brand new car
coming fire right here right there so
scary me and my brother were just
driving and just like smoke
fire let's talk about my outfit - what
was I wearing when was that I can wear
hats and what day was that what was I
doing
hey guys hey boy did you take a bath you
did you know we might get dirty right
last night before we went to bed I said
Cain what if for tomorrow's intro we
just show a beautiful scene in the
backyard and then you come by on the RC
car and he loved the idea the birds will
be chirping and then you'll cking go by
your won't you ready
let's do it what do we need we need the
RC truck okay a good tripod I don't get
a light on how about a tripod
check check it he check check you get
that we'll get some batteries we just
need to build a chair on top of this
thing
yeah you see yeah oh wow look as he
thinks every time I get this truck out
it's for him there's always where I'm
out with this thing get that tripod you
want to do it here in front of the place
there do you want to go out to the woods
I tell you what let's just see if it
even works in the grass with you on it
slow real slow no problem
gonna hit some dandelions
alright let's set up the tripod let's do
it it's gonna work of course you guys
have already seen this because it's the
intro of this video right Kane was so
excited last night I was like just the
whole scenario he was so happy
come on Zeus keep up come on slow Zeus
is probably eating it he's probably
eating it I landed straight upside down
you got lucky Zeus that's all I got to
say guys I cannot express enough if you
have a dog get an RC car it's the best
exercise this dog requires so much
exercise this is the best thing I ever
got for now
job well done huh look at this washing
the truck and Zeus is all worn out
German Shepherds have to burn so much
energy every day watch he's so scared he
runs away from it go to LA tomorrow my
brother these kids are here well yeah
yeah
easy Zeus you dog have strong voice hey
come on back out back out nope you gotta
hang out right here you decided to get
in the mud Oh
as always they'll bring some new things
okay we need your guys's opinion we've
already made up our mind but you guys
know that Dale makes all of our small
markups he literally makes them himself
we've been busy you've been we've been
busy in a small factory so these are
brand-new colors that we do not
currently have he brought them over as a
surprise pretty much so what do you guys
think which one should we keep or should
we tell Dale to throw them all in the
trash I can't throw them in the trash
they have extra dumps in space what's
your favorite I like the pink and purple
I agree that pink and purple are winner
winner chicken dinner
it looks blue on camera but these are
really purple my other question is do
you like the black I love the black
right now we have like the primary
colors and these are like new
alternative opals and Terry colors I
think the pink and purple are huge hits
I really do like she's in a store I'd be
higher sorry guys whooping around a
little bit just visited a little time
with my brother and his kids before I go
what you got
what did you find you digging through
boxes what is it whoa wow that is
beautiful it's like a Hulk and Iron Man
huh it is your sympathies can you can't
just open this crazy
is there an O or something would this be
it custom controllers UK must-have thank
you guys the controllers are freaking
awesome literally so cool how sweet is
that oh yeah you guys are you guys are
unbelievable like you guys just send us
the coolest stuff oh you like it
that's unbelievable dude this is a
million dollar controller do you have a
million dollars in your piggy bank you
do all right well you can pay me later
one dollar five dollars a million
dollars it's all the same to a
four-year-old up up your little turn
there's still room on the side guys I
hate to cut this off a little short
today I'm gonna edit I gotta get up
super the worst flight for me the worst
flight for me is early morning I have to
get up so early did you kick mommy away
on a million dollar controller
yeah you've been so sensitive about this
pillow what was it well I bought it at
the store and it's for outside and
Keynes just like no I don't want it to
be outside it'll get cold I thought you
bought it for me oh it's for the outdoor
couch gotcha so I'm gonna crank this
vlog out get it edited so I get a fresh
start tomorrow we got a leak I gotta
leave super early so it's back off to LA
very very quick trip it's hard in this
vlog right now this pillow fight one min
here mama we sure love you guys thanks
for hanging out with us today and don't
forget how important you are to so many
people we love you your beautiful smile
she did it watch this watch this so this
is the mystery tonight what are we doing
