guys welcome back to Ohio hope you're
having an awesome Danny I need you to
hear me out for one minute man I need
you to listen to me just for one minute
I'm getting more and more stories from
you guys and I know that maybe you
watching can relate to this and that
you're maybe you're struggling with
something in your life that seems like
it's the end of the world it seems like
it is the the lowest point of your life
and you're at your bottom you know
that's what I'm getting from a lot of
people as out you know I've hit rock
bottom what can I do how I get through
this let me tell you something I'm
hitting your ultimate lower what you
think right now in your life is so bad
what you think is the worst it's the
biggest curse of your life you can't
take it no more will turn into your
biggest blessing if you push through it
I promise you it will turn into your
biggest blessing man it is creating a
stronger version of your future self
right now every problem we face every
problem we go through is just building a
bigger better version of you for the
future man like you have to go through
these things so hard for me to explain
it in such a short amount of time but
I'm telling you the only place to go
from the bottom is up it's up guys I
know some of you are like oh my god I'm
about to turn this off I'm gonna
fast-forward this and that's fine but
for those of you that need the lift just
know that if you think you're at your
bottom right now and you can only go up
from here it's only gonna get better
push through it I promise you let's get
this flow going guys huh I want more
than anything in my entire career to
help you even if it's one person
feel more accomplished than any success
I've gotten any money I've gotten I've
got my family and I've got you guys
I'm sweat Huck I know time seemed tough
man we all I say this all the time
we all are struggling man don't pick on
him don't pick on her she's got problems
that are way worse than the problems
you're adding to it let people be man
people are awesome and we're all
struggling we're all in this together we
should all be a team we should all be
fighting together hey Mimi hey boy
hello Zeus come on buddy let's just go
come on he got all nice out all of a
sudden huh get your ball get it come
here come here I can't reach it soos
give me your ball I can't reach it
give me your ball come on okay
how are you Oh how's your ear
this one right you don't even care it
doesn't you don't even care though what
does that mean full body hasn't gotten
rid of it yeah
so you need some medicine and that's
also the reason he hasn't been curing us
lately
everything's what I can't hear you but
it is such a weird ugly nice day we
gonna go get you medicine little baby we
don't go get you some medicine little
baby didn't hurt then hurt it's spooky
out you want Pooh that's what you said
for dinner I don't like anything I want
move when you get start carrying me huh
when you get bigger you gonna carry me
around we're supposed to be looking at
Matt we're supposed to be getting your
medicine not play stuff so we came here
to get Cain's prescription of course he
wants to look at toys why why did put
toys in a grocery store like it's a
genius parking strategy look at all this
in a grocery store this on the side it's
a magic wand
I'm gonna fix your teeth ready was it
what do you want see let me see your
wacky glasses boy let me see this is
what you really want
well now we have lost mommy she must be
playing hi and go seek
don't trip boy that's one more boo-boo
to add in the collection out of all
things he picks out glasses that you
drink out of and balloons have we got
the family live man oh hi was so pretty
tonight
that's it working again yeah it's rainin
is been off and on like storm all day
electric out lectric on electric out
what are you doing you want me to do new
shoe rat some days at our house were
blowing up things and some days britney
is redoing the shoe rack it was a good
shoe rack though it was it held up a
long time the things you find that when
you move stuff look at that pop snow
fake snow from the snow prank it's
everywhere though else
good job little monster I'll be happy
just to see shoes on a rack this will
last about three days you clean him all
right I'm doing pretty good job little
man mommy take it there you have it guys
the very much needed and exciting shoe
rack I think we'd have to blow something
up soon to keep these guys entertained
hey this is real life that's what this
is real life people child-labor up in
here sure a big one he's a big frog
what's up toe ribbit he likes you all
right we had to walk it up to the smile
more store to show you something and try
to get you to guess why we have had to
do this here we go one two three what
happened it's being changed the whole
thing we ripped the walls out today look
at the concrete why ok this is a real
quiz for you guys this is for the pros
this is for the experts why is the
concrete being torn out all the way up
what is this what is it all they're
gonna hmm all of this concrete's being
pulled out this is crazy this is crazy
look yeah this whole wall ok so the wall
used to be here where the steps are now
they're bringing it out to be 18 inches
I think so why why why why why no no way
maybe Pete your spinach she did it watch
this watch this
so this is the mystery tonight what are
we doing why I can tell you this
I am biting everyday to tell you why I
can't it's coming soon you gotta get
some stuff on these walls girl who would
sleep under your bridges had a sneeze
attack it was at 20:00 ceases you guys
dude I always sneeze twice every time
choo choo that's it look at the light
alright guys we are gonna do something
that we haven't done for a while maybe
we can skip this up a little bit yeah we
I'm gonna shut the screen so I'm looking
at you guys very very requested all the
time to do QA we haven't done a Q&A for
a long time so let's do it let's do a
Q&A just asked on Twitter are you gonna
make it I don't know you got your chest
if your water your cell phone you're on
full survival kit okay and we got some
good ones right after that
Jessica ez asks who is your next special
guest is very appropriate because Monday
will be our next special guest we tell
you what we never tell maybe we should
tell maybe we should just give a hint
don't touch his teeth this club is gonna
be insane he's bringing the most
ridiculous stuff with them it's gonna
make the blocks crazy you're gonna love
it
my nostril look at it Colt Noonan Colt
Noonan wants to know would you rather
have to yawn every time someone is
telling a story or laugh every time the
song is talking about something
dan gets jacked up young yawning sighs I
hate yawning but even talking about
Yanni can trigger yawning so maybe as
you're watching this you are starting to
yawn I'm getting into one okay what do
you like most about each other by the
way I love you both that's coming in
from oh I'm gonna butcher this name and
yes Hillary I'm sorry I think like be it
beyond I think you're adorable I think
it's your your the way you've supported
me through everything that's what I like
most about you really no heart is the
funny girl to support you like before
you have anything that's tough this is a
question for Brit coming in from
focusing Bieber are you ever going to
make your own YouTube channel that's
been asked them up I mean our life right
now I feel like we just want to focus as
much on this as possible everything we
do takes away from them like everything
this is our channel this is everything
we do is what's hurt it's hard to
explain to you guys that everything we
do takes away from this everything
whether a smaller store whether it's
traveling anywhere whether it's but
writing for the book everything we do
does pull away from this so if we were
to start another channel it would only
pull away from this now I have to edit
two laws of they're too good here's a
day mascara okay this is a good one and
this should be addressed from a punk
show element Chuck Anan oh yes I do what
do you guys want skydiving we tried to
just go during playlist in Orlando um so
this is a constant a constant thing that
is happening so don't you worry
skydiving is happening also I should
include that the cop car is also going
very soon these are all things that I'm
working on behind the scenes so things
that
no no it's always about timing it's
always about doing right dude this is
one person I have a favorite movie but
you have one movie that's your favorite
movie of all time
I've never seen that I've never seen it
what I've never seen a Little Mermaid I
mean I've seen I was too busy watching
Aladdin like that was my thing Little
Mermaid that's later I think Little
Mermaid was more for the for the girls
and Aladdin was much the boys now maybe
I don't know oh yeah I have a really
good question okay hit me
why don't you snapchat for okay I have
an answer for that every time I think
about using snapchat I'm like I should
vlog it right so it's like why am i
snapping if I should be vlogging because
this is like what I have to do every day
yeah that's a good answer
what are your weirdest talents my
weirdest talent will you build a dirt
track in your yard
yes we will build a dirt track and
you're actually working on that for the
summer something both the kids can ride
yeah start small maybe maybe get them
into yeah a little loop-de-loop Dominic
Moreno what's your question what is your
favorite part of being a dad and what's
your favorite part of being a mom oh you
know my favorite part is you know my
favorite verse okay
cuddling
that like you they love you that's not
that far off from what I was gonna say I
mean I have a lot of like obviously they
both have a million reasons but like
there's something about coming home and
having kids attack you with love is like
you can't replace that with anything in
the entire world favorite thing about
living in this state that's bipolar my
favorite part is headed to the airport
to fly someone elseís know I don't know
we love it here the weather is crazy
but we have there from here it's just
all we know it's what we know but I
can't believe right now somewhere
somebody's surfing on a beautiful wave
in front of palm trees like that's
happening right now oh she loves the D
did you guys like Q&A
let us know if you like it we actually
get a lot of requests for it I'm always
like I don't know I feel like a lot of
people are just turned off by I think
that it's fun I enjoy it
she's really excited inside came I know
you're having a blast right yeah we get
some but how fun is this sound we can go
to bed who's in your bed who's in your
bed huh
who's in your bed Zeus did you get
kicked out
don't worry up I've had a few of those
nights too boy
okay mommy you go get ready for bed
while me and Kane okay now now that
mommy's gone we can be serious okay
ready
serious face
cross-ice cross that funny face I think
we ready we have to look at each other
without smiling
ready one two three okay ready
look here look here and then on one two
three we're gonna look at each other now
smile one three ready one we have to
look here at them no smile you want to
hold it you can hold it your foot you
gotta hold it out five that's good you
got it
the long arm of the law
oh whoa how about let's do a little
longer oh my gosh mommy's got the hose
let me get ya good job picking her nose
alright guys that is gonna wrap it up
for us tonight we're gonna finish our
night I'm gonna edit and start fresh
tomorrow thinking what he's blocking his
view he told me to look up thank you so
much especially if you made it all the
way to this point in this vlog means the
world to us you are one of a kind you're
beautiful don't forget how important you
are are you going we we've lost your
attention that is officially it
we love you your beautiful smile more
never say to realize well get ready so
walking up to Harry Potter world this is
so cool
