hey guys welcome to the vlog ah he's
fight so hard are you trying to kill me
I didn't mean your cereal this morning
so I take it back I didn't mean to eat
your cereal or if you missed yesterday's
vlog I am back home I'm back here in
Columbus Ohio ready to spend some time
with my kids my family kind of just
goofing off and we're continuing
yesterday's vlog into today's vlog if
you watch it's just continuation alright
so how are you take the car so oh my god
I was just thinking like how fun that
would be like in my head I don't want to
take out the tarnish dudes will take it
out he'll take it to his room so what
are we doing today not really much of
anything we're at home which feels good
what is this chicken daggone case of
Dilla's
got it oh yeah mentally I'm feeling a
little on like I hate to admit this but
I'm feeling a little on the lazy side
I'm like I kind of want to lay around I
kind of want to catch up I kind of want
to relax but then there's a part of me
that's like what can we do you want to
hear tales
that's all you keep saying deals I'm
gonna get an ass cane I think he's down
for whatever this just you want to drive
our seat I mean we do see what kind of
goofing off cleaning up at a little
something going on over here a mess
peanut butter and jelly and salads for
lunch see I was kind of just thinking
about filming today like not filming but
just like vlogging just this is our life
this is our house this isn't like us
trying to make the vlog exciting this is
what we do look at this little plumber I
do want to ask you guys something no I
do want to ask oh my god your little
bulldozer you want to ask you guys
something whoo how many of you guys you
can leave in the comments are you
getting you know whatever you however
you want to tell me how many of you
rather me be here at home with my family
versus me traveling and doing tours and
you name it I'm always happy to leave
for something how many of you guys just
like me home like no do you like me home
that's it yeah you just like beat me up
and this is a little embarrassing but no
matter how many times I've cleaned this
office actually pretty clean that last
time you guys saw it was spotless it was
beautiful I leave I work look at this
this is my office all the time nothing I
can do about it
I never showed you guys that leave this
water bottle they gave me for the pee
prank that I did I saw
you can have it yeah
first well actually know where it came
from I think someone at the movie
company made it you guys want to do
right yeah you okay let's do it right
here
Kane where's your truck charge ease up
real quick boys won't play with some
cars
what okay good I'll charge it for you
right over here this is like please
drive them cars I'm hungry
we should strap a stake to yours you
know strap up a hot dog on top yeah but
you add the hot dog and it's like jurors
cane the charger oh good job
well you just pull that out with your
teeth driving this car is our farm you
guys know that I love it but maybe we
can spice it up a little bit no building
out its buttering up hey I got I got an
unbelievable idea just now do you want
to know what it is do you guys want to
know what it is what if what if just for
like a small amount of time we put it
like we have this huge wall nothing to
do with it
a rock-climbing wall
can you imagine if we put the
rock-climbing wall right there it'd be
awesome
it's like exercise you could exit it's
like it's just you know no matter what
you say it's it would be one of them
things you came home to like you would
just come home in their beer
if anybody has the means to put in a
rock wall hit me up maybe huh
it's freezing out Dubois alone I have
the skin of a bear just trying to be a
father that's all what bear Zeus has
skin of a bear do you look like Zeus I
don't think so let's go get wrap
supplies I wish it was warm out man we
could play some b-ball come on buddy
hi boys there's plenty of wrapping
material here this is the king of RC
ramping right here goodbye pack him up
let's get these ones well that's fine
you can take that you gonna carry it hey
Zeus Zeus where's Kane where's good boy
I think it's coming along real nice you
got the ramp and then you got a downside
that's the challenge was a great one lay
under it it'll wrap you you want to wrap
you now look up you can see look up you
can see it go over you here it comes
gee maybe I ought to do a front-flip if
you hit the brakes Hey
oh you're blending that chicken on the
thread in the chicken
that's the train if you can both hit it
that's a train ready go Oh
you know I know you didn't beat me
you're b9 there's only the first ball
moving on to some video games now with
the NRC's video games just a day at the
house and I need this so much I smoke
it'll come back
oh dude that's good that's good I'm
telling you let's play again to meet
some damn case Dilys yeah look good dog
drinks like oh I never seen a dog that
Big E is that's the way it huh just
drink nine balls in a row so it's good
still time quesadilla
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah honest good go
on boy go on boy oh it's so nice it's
cold
oh well it felt good when I walked out
but it's actually cold mm-hmm so I know
you guys just ate and I know you're
probably full but I prepared you a great
waffle that's great
look I made you bread tomato and those
are those are pickles put that piece on
there and you got yourself a play-doh
sandwich how is it pretty cool right
nice-looking sandwich what do you think
what you got green eggs in here this
green eggs and ham
hey can open up real question is is
what's his name
you started the red one and I had the
same exact idea and your make the yellow
is awesome yeah I think we did pretty
good yeah yeah all right so before we go
any further in today's vlog I want to
take a minute while we were gonna be
gone for a while and we've got some
really cool mail and one of the coolest
things is you guys know I'm dedicating
an entire wall of the smile more sort to
your artwork so this kind of caught my
eye have pulled some of the cool art
that's been sent and I just want to show
you some of it right now let's start
right here this is coming in from Carly
13 years old she's been watching for two
years and I just love it it's like
fireworks for palm trees I don't know I
like it I like it a lot
the next one from Matthew from Milwaukee
yeah that's it I love it man it's honest
look it's gonna look awesome in our
store man yeah this one's just super fun
coming in from Dallas Texas and I don't
know the name I got Mike and I'm just
gonna show it on camera just gonna sugar
they just gonna show you their names on
camera cuz I'm not sure the first name
and this was just super fun like a lot
of fun it's totally me holding up a GTR
the palm trees the beach you guys know
man you guys know some other cool ones I
mean you guys have sent so much this is
I love this one family first is awesome
this one's made out of like it I don't
know it's super cool come from Ryan and
Alex this one from Matt this is the
ballistic smile more massacre I love it
who's coming from New Moon Ellie I hope
that's how you say it 23 years old from
New York City it's beautiful I mean it
looks nice for some like some some
window trim on the sides it looks like a
weirdo sowhat's but at least for today
this one really stood out to me this is
coming in from Louis he's 17 years old
from Massachusetts he sends first of all
he sins first of all he sends an entire
I mean pages and pages of his story and
about us and what we've done how we've
helped him and just he's such a loyal
supporter of our channel hey we're
trying to vlog here boy get out of here
this one stands out because it's just
unbelievable and and too much for Louis
and all this stuff he's sent in an
entire xbox and extra controller games a
year's worth
iTunes cards I mean this is this is too
much Louis thank you so much man I mean
it's gonna use the kids are gonna use
the heck out of it
but you guys do not should not send us
things this nice we love these simple
stuff the artwork the you know it's all
amazing I don't it's all amazing thank
you guys so much so we've just been
reading your story here buddy
so in the next couple days we are gonna
start hanging artwork all your guys's
artwork we have so much gathered over
the last year you've sent us you know
everything everything you can think of
we're gonna do an entire wall of nothing
but your guys's artwork and you know to
me it's super exciting to see that you
guys are participating in this this
crazy world of ours it's gonna be so fun
to place all the artwork like on the
wall and just have an entire I'm not
kidding we probably have I don't know
how many paintings and pieces art we
have but it's gonna cover an entire wall
so it's gonna be a lot of fun to see it
all together don't know exactly what
happened to today but I know it's almost
over time real pain in the butt it
doesn't wait it doesn't wait for us it
doesn't care about us it is you're right
the only thing about time is is you
don't have money and we only given so
much time better use it wisely you
better use it how you want to use it
who was that oldest trick in the book
I'm so glad I'm home man was a great day
that's right yeah one down one to go
a tough one you get your ears cleaned Oh
monkey man in there I mean yeah it's
like you got a shoe in there how'd you
get a shoe in your ear wait that's an
airplane did it airplane land in your
ear I guess what you guys are cleaning
ears off destroyed our Nitro Circus
wannabe our C track
oh those ain't no problem putting you to
bed huh you're easy easy he's not that
well you smell like a raccoon you've
been playing let me follow good boy look
awesome
you think you look bad I think you look
at the best when you have no makeup on
you have something on you don't mean
anything
I have eyebrows oh good you put your
guys we are warping past a little bit of
time we're going to bed we gotta call it
a night um anything special anything you
want to guys we love you thanks for
hanging out today it was really just the
home day and I hang out with the kids
plan Susan what's wrong with this dog oh
no he doesn't sleep don't forget how
important you are you were one of a kind
smile
Oh
