hey everybody welcome to the Atwood
Easter some beautiful flowers some
beautiful family a lot of people yeah
beautiful people you guys welcome to our
Easter it's starting off a little late
I'm gonna be honest with you my parents
walked in and though I you know we're
talking I said you know I'm not gonna
vlog on Easter I want to just hang out
with everybody and everybody everybody
said what aren't you blogging is your
exact words
well it's because I brought something I
wanted to show me the deals garden video
yeah the garden video these were the
tomatoes and so you grew these in your
basement absolutely honey have you seen
the Martian with Matt Damon no no any
harvest while you brew these in your
basement
et grow so my dad was really excited in
fact he influenced me so heavily to vlog
just to show you that he grew tomatoes
in his basement yeah the truth is you
can grow things in your basement
legal what is this so I brought Britt
your what hang on a second stand over
here
stand right there I just you look you
look beautiful today
I just want to wait so what is this plug
it just turns into a rag a tap oh my
gosh
oh did you grow that in your basement -
yeah I did you don't get many off a
plant though so welcome guys welcome we
are gonna hang out today with
family we got people coming over my
brother close family christian and i are
over here working we never stop work and
but it is time to shut down a little bit
and start today look at this little girl
jumping on pin ball you're doing good
that's the secret of this pinball
machine pull out the cameron everybody
loses I know you're doing good
this is good for you no pressure no
pressure happy Easter boy okay let me
see your feet show me this is what
happened this is what happens when you
scooter all day with no shoes on
you ain't got no souls left boy did you
get it oh he earned it Zeus Oh Zeus you
shark he's a land shark dog vs. Arce day
sometimes we win
I'd say today's a successful day for
Zeus Oh My gods is still running though
if you have a dog don't let your dog
chase it on a half battery we just
realized that was from yesterday
yesterday's vlog I didn't even vlog
every week we reward Zeus out with the
battery in that big fat bat hey hey my
brother from the same mother's here what
is this I made us some rice krispies
Easter bunnies you made them
you made them let's have it let's have
it
this okay only if you've been with this
channel for almost three years two over
two years definitely over two year over
two years you'll remember a vlog a long
time ago where I said I lost my blog
camera today that is this camera that
Dale found at his factory
it's literally brand new it almost got
sealed in forever
wasn't in that book yeah it's down the
box going on it like a bonanza for
storage for total story meaning black in
there open up so when I said I lost my
blog camera Dale has officially found
the blog camera we're gonna pull the
footage off here tonight look at it I
have no idea what's on here
that was your density yeah no I I went
for a long time Hey
only if you've been watching a long time
you remember I lost this so here we are
we're gonna pull this tonight see what's
on it
I'm excited hope you guys had an awesome
Easter because I'm gonna tell you this
ours is about to be good look at all
this chocolate rice krispies pac-man
cheesecake what is this all banana mmm
can we Pete le Pique oh my god Oh even
even Zeus got an Easter plate today how
is it buddy
everything's good all the food is ten
out of ten guys thanks for bringing it
what do you think buddy yeah man things
good no and I are moving over to Jess's
famous rice krispie treats which one you
want blue chocolate this one oh yeah
just gonna take his cheek right off fair
oh just threw up backwards what are you
guys making eggs custom wooden eggs Wow
can wait are these wedding wedding what
is the other wood painting a wood egg
real they do look real I thought they
were real to it maybe they are don't
drop on okay so most of you probably
remember at Christmastime we got a
basketball hoop the weather is finally
beautiful I'm gonna pull down and pick
it up and we're gonna set this thing up
hopefully whoa yeah
Zeus how you doing baby happy Easter boy
you tired
you've been playing hard oh you know
what this is this is my brother's here I
can finally set this up wrenches though
I got everything I hope this pie comes
with every tool you need you know thank
goodness we got this slam-it rim because
you know I'm a dunker definitely yeah
you can stand out you can ride on it oh
boy this looks like more than I thought
it would be nasty I don't like this I
like to break yeah we want to shatter it
like the movies now nine sixteen
three-quarter scrap wood rubber mallet
electric drill sand funnel water hose
3/16 allen wrench two of them included
all right man we'll call me when you're
done
I'll be uh checking out this desert in
here do you need the wrenches I got that
for sure I'm just gonna go at the whole
toolbox like the drill I got this I got
this alright we're gonna take a break
from this thing holy crap kids if you
have a dad or mom or anyone you know to
build one of these for you you make sure
you go give them a hug right this
thing's crazy they go hump rags yeah
let's do it come on ready whoa how's
that radical man
really fast no is running oh man they
scooping them up you know oh you got it
oh I'll tell you guys a secret but
there's one egg with $500 in it nothing
knows I'm kidding Wow nice - you got to
use the Force you didn't find it
keep looking you get me looking a while
for that woman so you guys got a lot of
eggs man dang the guys are doing some
work today teamwork makes the dream work
you know just sitting here thinking
we're racing the sunset our little
cheerleaders ready to cheer but we got
no best our drill just died all we need
is this corner how about a plug-in drill
I don't have a plug-in well maybe let's
get the great tip you're gonna take off
of it
Oh drives me nuts I leave those on
everything did you write play game the
rise of the basketball hoop oh we can
put the net on from the back of the
truck hope it holds the seal came you
not so tall I didn't know you were that
tall
do you look like a zombie off plans for
zombies mm-hmm are you pouring bleach in
here for ya put more in there put more
more more MORE that's it okay okay so
say if you add bleach to this would fill
in ours with water you can put sand in
it all we have is water they say if you
put a little bit of bleach in it it will
keep algae from growing got it okay take
this bleach in hose
I know take the first shot boy zip
that's it first shot he makes so this is
not regulation height we've lowered it
for the kids and for me so I can slam so
yesterday I explained to you guys I
reckon it drone into the gutters nice so
we're just playing we just played a game
of pig my dad beat me bad and beat all
of us now we're playing a game of around
the world and my dad's beating us so we
got to step it up boys come on now
you're gonna catch me doing this one try
first time bye mama
see everybody yeah everyone's leaving
in its time I can't leave your even in
the house right now you mud dog come on
let's go you know what time it is
it's bubble bath dirty boy Suzy like
dirty boy he's gonna need brushed after
that buddy that has a big dog completely
knows what this is like he's lived it up
all day he's playing in the mud in the
dream you think actually it feels good
some attention from Daddy just so you
strum
by his master is he dry just doing that
famous underbelly dry he's enjoying it
loves it good this is like it's like
living with a baby bear I really feel
like that's no baby bear his footprints
are still left
you know everything we've done to this
house he really can't do much worse to
him good boy lay on your beach towel
away yeah he doesn't know how to stay on
his towel it's pretty crazy et phone
home on your child on your mark
good boy well close he just wants me
here we go we out of here what a good
day
what a good fun day on the back you
didn't think that I would leave you
there this is fun I'm so glad we got
this hooked up yeah all right guys gonna
break up the leftovers already look at
all this food huh the Noah's Kane's
whose is it
after I heat this up we are going to put
in my old vlog camera footage and see
what's on there gather round my friends
gather round now here's what I can't
figure out maybe you guys can help me
out there is a chance that the footage
on this camera made it into a blog and
then I didn't clear the card and then I
lost the camera there is that
possibility
there are definitely Clips it could have
never made it into the vlog because I
did lose the camera so maybe you guys
can help me so I'm gonna show a couple
clips and then we'll find out whether it
was ever in a vlog or not hey the file
says December 21st 2013 11 26 a.m. so it
was in the morning here we go that's
just what you should then play with what
are you doing you know I'm making
Christmas cards for us crazy looks so
different so guys day two on the
Christmas shopping extravaganza
Christmas shopping
we are the kids tonight at my parents
house we're gonna find like a gym I mean
it's cool to see you guys so little and
cute still you're still always my babies
you're always my babies no matter how
old you will be you'll still be my baby
all right guys because I have to get up
at 4:00 a.m. for my flight tomorrow did
you have a good Easter buddy we on my
phone you plan on my food hey hey hey
did you have a good Easter yeah mommy
drove a good Easter as much as I want to
end this vlog I just can't
it's too oh my god I hope you guys had
an awesome day yesterday today whatever
time it is I hope you're feeling great
we love you here at the outlet house we
will see you tomorrow thanks for
watching today I wasn't even gonna vlog
I swear I was like I'm gonna take Easter
off I'm gonna hang out with these hey
hang out with these animals don't cry
don't cry I feel so loved right now I do
I feel like they just want more of daddy
they know they know I'm leaving in a few
hours that's right okay come on hop on
up on the shoulder ride
drop him oh my gosh guys we love you we
will see you tomorrow thanks for
everything and that's it anybody want to
say anything we love you we'll see you
tomorrow morning what did you do to my
fish tank what is this cardboard thing
there's a cardboard rain around the port
No
