hey guys welcome to the vlog I am a hole
I'm home I am home
I can't get guy Britney just ran out to
get us a big ham for tomorrow it's
Easter tomorrow so I'm gonna be home
with the family gosh I've been gone two
weeks there's so much to talk about I
know there's so many things that have
come to the house there's so much to
show you guys I don't know where to
start
absolutely beautiful outside so I think
I'm just gonna take the kids out play
for a little bit get some one-on-one
time I get to be home for two days so
let's soak it in man let's soak it up so
one of our biggest updates and most
exciting to us is our smile Moore
building is officially complete they
have poured all the concrete the house
is still a little bit of a construction
site but it actually makes it fun man
let's do the stuff to play with
uh-oh did you slam it down
you got me partner
what happened little buddy man down
manda running inside real fast while we
were gone tracks this to us another
package canes so excited let me see this
is Joe's thanking for you
you like that check that thing out you
can open it if you want yeah tear it
open send us a couple new trucks dude I
love these guys I love when you guys and
companies send us gifts that the family
can use together this is not a
sponsorship they do not pay me to
endorse their product they just know we
love their products so they keep sending
us stuff that is wicked
that is awesome and in return their
products get seen in the vlogs it's it's
something it's a win-win mm-hmm we think
cool really nice and no scratches boy
have fun they said something to me - you
guys got trucks I got something - what
is it go open it for me oh my god it's
printed on it they made me a custom
slash freaking smile more truck looks
got my name on it
how do you want to drive this I want to
put it in our store in our new shop and
just put it up on the wall you guys know
I love our C's like I'm fascinated with
them since I was a little kid I loved RC
cars trucks whatever anything RC and to
get and receive an RC custom made from
the company this is unbelievable I love
it
Christian just showed up what's up buddy
now he's bringing all the gifts from the
the tour all your guys's paintings that
you bring us it's crazy what you think
also mmm perfect with all the cones
what'd you think boy straight up guys
I'm just gonna say it it feels good to
be home and we're hanging out
Christian's here for the weekend we got
family time what's up dude oh you're
gonna spin up okay guys I'm not gonna
lie I'm a little guilty of skipping
around today we've been outside for the
last two hours straight
playing goofing off driving RC cars I
actually got one of the drums that
tracks has just sent me stuck up in the
gutter of the smaller building I was
doing so good like the best you've ever
seen me fly drum which is a good but I
was I was doing good wasn't yeah so now
it's up in the gutter is a building so
high I do have a big ladder I have to
try to get it anyways Brits bag did you
get the ham and you're set for tomorrow
do you guys know as all of you know
Happy Easter because if you're watching
this day uploaded it it is Easter so
happy Easter to you we're gonna
celebrate with our family since I'm only
home for tomorrow but for now it is time
to eat right man
every time it scares me always good to
get home and see my fish man hey guys
the tank looks breathtaking I mean you
can see that the back porch and
everything but the tank is amazing
so Brittany and I came out of the
bedroom this morning and we see this
this is the other side of the fish tank
where you can see now todd has been here
since we left because he maintains the
fish tank but there's all this cardboard
around this thing what did you do to my
fish tank what is this cardboard thing
there's a cardboard ring around the port
that's sick Todd that's awesome so I'm
not exactly the grill master but if you
ever have steaks too thick I always chop
them in half because I like my steaks
cooked you know like people like them
people like a rare medium rare not me
they gotta be cooked like medium well a
hair of paints okay
like a little bit of Pink's good but I
can't do that like the bloody mushy
steak
so yeah they looking good oh yeah I
gotta make some grilled cheese burgers
cheeseburgers looks so good so how is it
my man good best burger ever
I'm gonna have to tell him say that head
of time this time you really liked it
how's the steak Rob got Christian our
house guest for the weekend and before
we fly out to Georgia together Monday
who's good okay good all right that's a
good sign mom just stop by brought me
some beautiful flowers these are for
bread
their Easter lilies we're havin Easter
here tomorrow so we're kind of preparing
a little bit those those are the
smelliest flowers I've ever smelled in
my entire life oh they're so big you're
Paul yeah they came to hold themselves
up okay last thing I want to show you
guys today before we actually end up
there it is I around leave I haven't
even seen this yet which is our smile
more store it is finally complete well
it's close to complete yeah we think and
you love it so our store is up and
running guys check it out we got all
these new organizations and shelfs for
the smile more stuff this is great love
this is so much easier so you guys they
just wrote on everything so while I've
been on tour they have just been working
on basically organization places to put
everything and this is awesome I love
this we're almost out of these as you
can tell us a little bit of a rough
start the play I mean we're getting
there but we are moved in and you know
things are coming around nothing's in
the office yeah no desks yet okay okay
well how come they got real plates we
don't even have a real place geez geez
you guys are living the dream in here
what is that
now you push it put batteries in it that
needs batteries so like four weeks ago
we told you guys we would do a move-in
sale because we thought the building was
done but it didn't get done so it got
delayed so we want to do it right now
for you guys if you're interested we got
whatever we have here is part of the
sales so if you order today right just
today 24 hours two days just in case
they don't see a log yeah okay perfect
so on the store it's a coupon code right
when you checkout promo code when you
checkout if you want to use it use
move-in sale move-in sale I'll put at
the top of the description and you get
ten percent off your entire order
everything you order ten percent off for
two days
kut'rs that's just it just got out of
the shower we're trying to like
literally catch up and just hang out
today so we're playing in this vlog good
offer you hooligan your animal I'm gonna
pull you off we're so freakin excited to
have this building you guys like so so
blessed to have this we're so excited
there's so many cool things coming here
and I'm dying to tell you about that we
can't tell you about but yeah this is
art this is the start the start of
another journey so much stuff in here
alright guys thanks for watching we are
gonna in the vlog I know it's still
early but we want to just shut down with
the kids watch a good movie hang out
cuddle up and then edit so I can get
this done early and have just the nice
Easter and not worry about doing that no
more a so I love you guys so much thanks
for everything this count code will be
in the top of the description move in
sale type that in you'll get 10% off and
that's it guys so that's it guys I love
you so much thanks for the support
we'll see you tomorrow
