hey guys welcome to the vlog if you miss
yesterday's vlog I'm gonna Los Angeles
about to start pressed for the movie I'm
almost positive that this morning they
were either breeding livestock upstairs
or doing some type of like showing of
small circus animals so here we go let
the journey begin I'll tell you one
thing right now the City of LA has a way
of motivating you just by the weather it
picks you up and gives you vitamin B
look at these little palm trees man
maybe it's just something guy from Ohio
appreciates but I guess it could be
totally opposite to this weather could
make you lazy and relaxed and
comfortable guess it just depends on how
you take it so here we go guys we got
Amelia she's gonna be with us for the
next three weeks she is like I hate sins
but you gotta be the bad guy on this
trip maybe she business is back here
with somebody
we are about to like she's the one
that's like you better be out of that
hotel at 8:00 a.m. I will be waiting for
you we have meetings that 9:00 9:30
10:00 10:30 11:30 so she's business
she's gotta keep us long shot she's very
wonderful but when the job needs done
she knows how to do it so where we
headed right now today is pressed day
basically Dennis Vitale and I are gonna
be doing press all day and where are we
headed right now we're headed to
Collider Collider a film website okay
I guess they they cover basically every
movie to come
this is so pretty man we don't have this
in Ohio we don't have we don't have this
in a while
sunshine is what I'm talking Wow whoa
this is like real this is like the real
I didn't expect any of this so I want to
do my best today to bring you guys along
on this little journey I've never
promoted a movie and I want to bring you
along to maybe what it's like to promote
a movie I'm not a professional with this
so I don't know what I'm doing but this
is really cool I really didn't expect
this kind of like wake up buddy wake up
everybody says that do I tip it yes yeah
we say that to me that's how I'm like
yeah got it from Roman Roman Atwood and
Vitaly see gentlemen thank you guys so
much for being here congratulations on a
movie releasing in three different
platforms in one day how does that
happen
is that crazy yes okay so there's one
down apparently most of these will be
going on YouTube later so you'll be able
to watch the interviews now keep you
guys updated on where they're going
you know where they'll be so you can
watch them if you want hey real quick
show what you have in the box
let me see that's our first this is how
we're selling our movie bro just
hustling on the streets when I whenever
I could
it feels so good to see this product
right here this is a lot of work man you
remember how much work we put into this
sacrifice are you guys show all of this
yes we have so many interviews today
that we're actually doing some in the
car with where we call right now this is
where she works this is what it's like
to work here man you guys got it tough
alright guys so we have stopped by our
friend Shira at what I was gonna tell I
was used to it so this is what journey
we have done a lot of stuff with you
I've been on your way back yeah what's
your lover so she has been supporting us
for a long time so we're here oh I love
your room man vlogging live we're live
tomorrow so go check it out like our
Facebook page and see the new coasters
these are our new coasters they're not
movies where to now agency in Peoria
sit down style the first Oh
warping into the next spot here be
you're really good at that yeah it is
hit me I'm happy anything so this is
this is us here we go oh yeah black yeah
you know what's really cheesy that we
just noticed I'm wearing the same shirt
I wore in the buzzer is that weird
should I change should I change or turn
this inside out or something it's I
don't know it's strange it's not strange
no that's good you can't okay let's
stick with it thanks man I needed that
okay so yeah yeah all right guys we are
moving moving moving hustling through LA
we just wrapped up that was four
interviews which was cool because they
all come to you in one spot which was
really convenient now we are headed to
Hollywood do you know what that is
that's the new Honda Civic
click yeah just do a quick evaluation
how do you add on the know that
are you nervous you're not nervous at
all though yeah nice hey doing I'm
Johnny so we are about to do that
onstage interview and vitaly is gonna
faint on stage and a paramedic is gonna
come and it's sort of point on these
guys I love LA because literally like an
hour ago but until we need a paramedic
in house I did not expect this like we
just went into a hotel yeah hi how are
you alright just in case you've seen
this show before I want to show you how
weird this is looks like a hotel room
right hotel room this is not your
typical hotel room guys
this is not no how does this even happen
it's genius
so this is Oliver the host he's handy we
are gonna apologize in advance for
Metallica okay like he's supposed to be
here he's wasted it's it's it's st.
Patrick's Day there's no way you can
keep that guy down yeah yeah but we have
an excuse tonight exactly yeah he's
gotta say I like it when you touch my
leg like yes thank you nice we wanna see
that you got the fashion memo of 2006
what do you boss hmm so you alright
hurry hurry can I get your gloves off
Homer do you need a drink now you don't
need to take a seat
you all right he's out we killed it
let's continue this I think your rugs
catching on fire right now no I think
it's just where he's about as fun
it's very cold youtubers they should
continue just you just been drinking to
this nothing
yeah it's not good that for real Joe
yeah okay bring everything else in yo
hey talk to me talk to me you okay
and there's nothing wrong with this man
people the time from over so you telling
me that Adam Sandler has sat on this
couch stop my face he really has sat on
this couch oh man I miss my dude i sat
on the couch over there that son James
Franco Brad Pitt Angelina Jolie Seth
Rogen no I didn't fall for it for a
second he did he wanted you dead he
really did
hey buddy said my acting wasn't no it
was great
he's great you killed it so we're off to
the next location we headed to Fox
Studios and this is that well I mean I
need to say something I know you'd if I
don't want me to tell this she has
pulled away from the gas pumps three
times and took the hose with her are you
serious
I don't want to feel safe it's not my
dad station closes at home do you keep
Homer do you keep going 300 bucks if you
pull away in it DJ a head like a detach
but that's great I've never done that my
life hey hey there is a spider falling
down right right buddy shoots on your
shoulder it's on your shoulder it's
right there it's like it's in between
your white collar and your neck oh it's
going down it's going down so far Fox
isn't hurting financially are they Wow
was this makeup do you make up do I need
makeup really yes I like when makeup
artists are just honest with ya most
people say well it's up to you but
you're like ya know oh yeah well it is
up to you but since you're sitting down
Muslim I guess office okay okay so we're
about to go live right now yes it is
live
chali Dennis Romo see the cameras just
automatically coming over here by
themselves Wow look at they're moving by
them so this is the future this is the
future
what do you mean old school well you got
cameras that movie it's moving buddy so
that was fun thanks for having us this
technology you know to my buddy Theo
Vaughn's place he's been working really
hard on killer podcast his buddies Mac
from TMZ and all kinds of places hey
guys our boss back here immediately
Theo just landed a killer dude you got
your own Netflix special the students on
net well you can go watch what's it
called
yeah it's called no offense it's on
Netflix Theo von
no offense check it out this is no jokes
about roaming in it but next time I'm
definitely to get one about this you
guys still to date the funniest I've
ever I swear to God money has ever
laughed at a comedy show Theo von and
not just me the whole I've never heard
an audience do that that bill burger
came out after you and I swear his face
was like I'm not coming out right now
so we just recorded the podcast upstairs
this is a very famous comedy store this
is I mean this place has been around
forever
this is it man any comedian you could
ever imagine in the entire world has
performed here Robin Williams this is it
Howie he's got his own sign man it's
awesome Michael Keaton all right guys
warping to the next location which is
the LAX you guys ready yeah fly boy
all day hustle onto airplanes we sleep
all night actually two weeks I can't
believe we're going to Alaska where it's
so cool wait I thought we were going to
West Virginia
well that's next week ever going to
Kansas where are we on it's on our way
to the airport we're gonna wrap this
night up and we're flying
all through the night we actually have a
layover in Georgia for like three hours
I don't know how like when you go to
Alaska you gotta get a jord it's crazy
those flights go like the opposite it's
so far off then we have a connection to
Tokyo just to get to last but that's not
like we're never
that was alright we're hitting the
airport food before we go we got
Christian joining us there this is gonna
so yeah my voice always cracks in the
vlogs I'm still going through that
transition in my life where I'm not a
man yet but I'm not a kid either I know
what's that called
listen alright guys we're gonna end the
vlog here it's super late we're about to
take a red-eye into a mystery location
tell me where you think we are going we
will see you tomorrow thanks for
everything all the support shares we
love you smile
Kane come here buddy I need the biggest
loving hug ever he's so much by Zeus I
love you baby I love you
