hey guys welcome to the vlog good
morning beautiful hey buddy hi Momo has
this horrible room today's kind of a
weird date right off the bat I have a
lot to do I gotta go I'm actually I
really gotta go oh that was a vlog mushy
that listen I really miss you you missed
a spot
I didn't show you right here
I didn't even shave oh it's just that's
where it grows it more manly and faster
one day guys one day we're gonna walk
out this is all gonna be paved and how
come there's a blue X on that door so
our new sidewalk this is nice I think
it'll last longer than concrete nope a
little pizza oven and and it works you
tested it yeah cuz it got left out the
lane it got delivered and it's outside
the house but it's it's fine did you
order an ashcan now it's faster
Bridge out what only in the movies could
you jump a bridge guys don't jump bridge
so I'm kind of out and about today doing
some things that I twill typically don't
like to do check this out this bus stop
right here that bus stop we filmed more
pranks at that bus stop so many of our
old pranks were filmed right there they
didn't look like that though they've
been redone they're all new now anyways
had to run downtown to get some
paperwork done little things things that
I typically don't like to do especially
for the vlogs it couldn't get more
boring you don't have to remember what
floor you park on if you park on the
roof we're gonna skip right past this
boring stuff guys I'm just gonna warp
right probably back into my car it's got
much paperwork so only one place to go
from the bottom there is nothing funny
about hitting your funny bone I just
brushed it okay you know it's funny
about hitting your funny bone when
somebody else hits their funny but and
that's when it's funny I laugh at
everybody that does it but when I do it
it sucks so here I'm getting my hair
chopped out are we back to normal now
after the massacre
so we're joining it back you know what
though he inspired a new cut because now
I just lose the sides and I don't even
have the back anymore just like oh yeah
it's more raw science it makes Brittany
happy she loves it she does really likes
this yeah
happy wife happy life all right guys
warping past quite a bit of time here
sorry for jumping around so much today
has been a little weird like I said it
was gonna be home here day got my
haircut headed home right now to just
hang out with the family before I get up
super early 5 a.m. and head out Wow Oh
somebody had fun today oh oh I see you
too I see you you got to take a bath
forgive us we're super excited because
they started moving into the new
buildings which for the kids means the
basements gonna be empty which means we
can do a lot of things maybe move the
balls down there yep let's go well you
can see the floor well this is like
going back in time I'm gonna kind of
miss it it's gonna be so weird like with
it not being you know I mean it's good
progress these are good problems but
like it's gonna be so weird not being in
our basement like we we've graduated
finally well let's get to that let's get
see that I think you should stay there
super thermal guard look at our door
alright go oh yeah they could just paint
this and then that has to be painted
stuff wow this is our small more store
now it's a disaster yeah it is
jeez you guys moved all this today Wow
got lots of new shelves to put our stuff
on huh
I'm just so happy to see it all coming
together man this is such but let me
just tell you something this is kind of
a dream come true for us we we've you
guys can go back to the original vlogs
where we're doing this out of our
kitchen and our living room at our old
house in the mean we moved into this
house and we filled our basement we've
outgrown that yeah yeah and then we just
build our own building for it and it's
just so it's so awesome to see progress
happen you know it's hard to do okay
guys so this vlog has been really messy
been jumping around home with my little
booger my doggie my girl this is what
we're making right here that's what
we're making mm-hmm it looks good so
here's what we're about to do you guys
know Brittany's been trying to eat
better I've been trying but I fail
constantly so here's what we got which
one are we doing to this hump this is
this is literally one of the craziest
things I've ever seen it's called hello
fresh hello fresh calm they sent us my
gosh they send you a dinner in a while
I'm not kidding everything you need
potatoes a lemon what is this
they sent us three of them so this is
the one I think we're gonna go with
tonight chicken peas and they send you
all this the whole idea is that they
send you these meals and they they're
supposed to take about 30 minutes to
cook you cook them as a family you have
fun with it but it's like the exact
ingredients that you need to make an
entire dinner it's crazy she sent us
three of these things these are this is
herb sauce you sure you don't wanna make
this one herb sausage herb sausage look
there's all onions in there that's so
cool it's like basically somebody
grocery shopping for you I feel about it
it's crazy to think about but genius
because it look all your instructions
all your food just show up at your door
like how perfect for you I know it's
amazing
but mom's you're worrying about dinners
like literally how much easier can you
get other than a chef being in the box
that jumps out and cooks it well some
are always 30 minutes like roughly yeah
in here the loving mother cuts the
scallions silly mom you know I used to
eat these raw are you serious
that's why your breath stunk I would dip
lament song II don't know we started
dating you would complain that my whole
mouth yeah it's like making out with a
dumpster any of you dip onions and salt
green onions that sounds so painful I
have a big booger yeah what is
butterflying the chicken me I've never
heard that model that's butterflying the
chicken yeah you hold it you cut into
the meat that's good no that's good
looks like a butterfly I think I see one
of them flying around I'm over here
doing all the tough stuff yeah why do I
cover it I speak at this did you read it
yeah pop pop bounders did it so that's a
new method for both of us
I've never just pounded out a butterfly
before so always always always make sure
you wash your hands when you touch to
draw any little raw meat especially
chicken and then you're like putty Lord
day for anything
or cuts you have to watch I love how you
just turn into like a professional chef
right now we should get one of them hats
and then you can do a thing where it
lands in your hood yeah
potato potato tomato tomahto I'm ready
like tell me where to eat is it ready
just let chicken oh you do this and then
top slices of chicken Wow it's good
right really good and I never eat these
here's here's the deal I would never
have had a dinner like this potatoes
peas chicken ever
ever I'd be like nah I'm not eating it
but it's delicious it's awesome so good
it could open up some doors for some new
meals they are hooking you guys up as
always everybody that gets on this
channel has to hook you guys up they're
giving you thirty five dollars off your
first week just for using the promo code
roman hellofresh com use promo code
Roman giving you 35 bucks off I think
it's cool
I really think it's going it's something
you can do as a family to learn new
meals cook together eat together and
it's different it's healthy family meals
or single meals - I'm impressed I told
you let's have peas potatoes tonight you
know it's awesome so if you got a minute
check it out I will put the link with
all the info in the description of this
video click on it check it out see what
you think I think it's so fun as a
family and it's actually I feel like I
eat something good oh I wish I had
something exciting for you guys today
but so you should gonna help me pack
gonna help me pack my bags huh you knew
actually it's upset when I leave now
this guy you don't miss me I'll hold the
fort down so yeah guys I wish I had some
fun er and more exciting for you today
the meal thing was cool they getting the
store up and and we're just so excited
about that it's such a huge step for us
and and for you guys and thank you for
helping us get here some of you have
been here since day one some of you
actually probably remember us getting
our first smile more product it's just
it's cool to see it grow and progress
and and become something especially
doing it as a
family is so cool like you know this
isn't companies doing this stuff this is
just us so it's something it's something
fun for us it connects us it you know
Britney has something to work on I got
stuff to work on it's it's a big it's a
big family operation so for any of you
wanting to switch up the vlogs we are
actually out tomorrow we have to go
three weeks of non-stop craziness I mean
it should really be different it should
be maybe exciting and fun and new and
you know once again something I've never
done before we're doing in the next
three weeks so I'm so excited to have
you guys along on this and just being
here hanging out with us we love you
thanks for all the support
we'll be right back at it tomorrow I'm
doing good I'm on a streak what is this
like I don't know how many blogs in
around for me it's a streak right now so
that is it thank you thank you thank you
for everything tell me what city should
I come to like for real comment it it's
uh this is gonna be awesome I love you
guys smile more
do you have any weapons or anything on
you look forward to lake
