good morning yeah hey little lady
everybody's trying to snap out of it
mud mud mud so we got Momo here today
what's up mama looking good in that
shirt by the way let's start paying you
to wear those I got as I told you guys
yesterday we have a special guest
arriving right now he's actually here
right now there's some weird little dog
out there too it's not ours
they're special guests I've never met
you know what's that guy's name
Jamie Jack Hannah it's Tom Hannah the
baby kids so I got my good friend Tom
here for those of you that don't know
Tom you know he's been in the prank
world since way before I was in fact
Mike when Abraham Lincoln was president
still yeah I started climbing on YouTube
I remember reaching out to Tom and I was
so honored to get to work with you he
was like yeah let's do it let's do it
and we showed up and the funny thing is
I was so excited to work with him we
didn't have anything to film like I just
showed up in Kentucky at his house and
we're like now what the neighbors got a
treadmill I remember saying that can we
do something but right now that was
sounds funny so the fruits that we
actually did together were terrible at
first I mean like let's get better after
a while let's watch a couple of these
and just all available I mean this is
bad so we just
a treadmill out onto the street isn't
the running track I thought it would be
I would make oh good this one was funny
to me
we would go to chicken plate the KFC
chicken and we would we would go to the
window and say the chickens not done and
inside that bucket was a real live
chicken with Reggie the chicken I'm
sorry I was here earlier and my chicken
is nowhere near done I had to be a
painter earlier I'm pretty sure we're
the only ones left
yeah none of you thought we were from
PETA and we just left we actually we
actually went back for that chicken I
mean we come home Richard we did find a
homeless why'd you name it Reggie Reggie
the chicken yeah that day was so painful
because we had this guy that was killing
it on the prank world and we were just
kind of coming up and then we showed up
and he's like I got a treadmill and a
live chicken let's go with it yeah I
didn't think you guys were ever come
back and I'm so happy that you did cuz
you came back a couple more time do we
not develop our back then on YouTube it
was so funny YouTube was still fun at
that time you could you could upload
like something like that and people you
like that you didn't like 200,000
followers or something yeah we were I
mean at that time that was huge yeah
yeah really a really really proud of so
as bad as those pranks were Tom ended up
coming to Columbus to film with us and
it completely redeemed ourselves this is
a real classic it's called the fighting
Frank Gehry's Oona I didn't know she was
married
don't be mad at me be mad at her you
want some of this apparently she did
yeah where are you dude it's your lucky
day I'm across the street of a bus stop
like a bright orange shirt on I'm a
black guy yeah come on just sets him up
so hard we had all these MMA guys Matt
Brown they're safe yeah you don't want
to mess it with my wife
on the phone with different God just
cinema it was on the phone so you
mention one wine the best part of that
prank to me on it's the golden prank
you've got the setup you've got a
serious you're taking somebody to the
lowest point it's brighter and then the
reveals are always so huge because
you're so relieved you're not gonna get
your bucket it's like a double break so
if we come back with the guys that you
guys definitely took that to the next
level that was so anyway tom is here he
came to visit for the day and we're just
trying to figure out exactly what to do
the Sun is out and I could go out and do
some more classics we could you want to
do some videos for your channel when you
get a cop car why the cop car I've had
the cup right cuz I had her arrested in
a video you find a cop don't even watch
mine and it was kind of a dud I mean the
prank work the idea just her reaction
was so like I thought you were gonna
really flip out on that video I did
inside
do you have any weapons or anything on
you look forward to lake let me read
your rights real quick you have the
right to remain silent anything you can
will be used against you in a court of
law it was it was a Happy Birthday prank
she got they didn't but I was scared to
death I was gone hi so Tom and I just
bounced that house we're gonna go eat
some food but I wanted to show you this
is 8th Street Miller support Ohio this
is the to the street I grew up on my
whole life that's the sweet corn
festival once a year we would have a big
festival and it was like a big thing for
this town sweet corn fest yes we can
festival we got the creamed corn
so this is it 8th Avenue man I grew up
since 2 years old on the street how you
been I'm good how you doing good to see
you come on let's hug it up good luck
here so what are these what are these
I've never seen these in my life didn't
everything here know Krispy Kreme donut
this is something that we have but the
karlova growler the Geordie you want is
that where there's one six how many one
right there you go yeah it's not like
dessert when they're cooking that's
official Jeni bond it's like a simple
sugar fix and your food that's exactly
is like a healthy coma
so what just happened my table today I
took care of your food they paid for our
everybody must have recognized me yes
officer
so it's just a fan yeah and they left
she told me not to tell you oh well
maybe maybe she watches thank you so
much that's that's crazy that's yeah
that's awesome
so I'm glad you recognized Tom yes yeah
I know a lot since I got the haircut
people to work about me so when I say I
legit have the best viewers in the world
Tom you are Donna dude it was a maid I'm
glad we picked this car today
yes four-wheel drive I push on the
little knob thing well I want to give
you like a little Joyride but now it's
we can drift you can do this one hour
ago enjoying the sunshine I was
complaining about the heat I had you
from the arrow now we're cold it's
raining
we were gonna do a fun joyride video
where I you know basically trying to
scare Tom to this but now I think we're
Sam Pitroda screaming the desk if you
did it on the raid
do it go man go warping back home giving
you a little update on the building what
you think Tom this is really yeah I
haven't even seen this room yet until
today but it's we got ourself a little
kitchen we're ready to shelf this place
man we have so much new stuff what could
be yours man Tommy Clayman I think you
gotta get the best of all the hot get
this one because I'm older and I got
good yeah this would be great for you
taste it taste it will shower that's for
the long dirty nugget ship this to me is
really what's up for grabs right now I
need your guys up to check this out so
this is unfinished as of now but look at
this space and the potential that we
have hi Brett why did you might as well
sign it no joke my brother looked into a
bowling alley but it's so expensive and
apparently so this is 80 feet apparently
you have to have a 110 feet or something
like that so this doesn't even long
enough yeah yeah some really cool wall
flat-screen TVs for now ah becomes
bigger call the kids so for now it's
just a big unfinished upstairs we'll
probably store inventory up here
t-shirts things you know shelf you guys
missed
I missed you Mort you're warm dude how's
everybody's day I'm all wet from infant
rash oh why don't you help me do that
you doubt their business I got two
healthy boys right here willing to empty
trash
they can't swing it like mama bear Oh
Mama's the trash slinger do you need
help
what is this one hockey got something
for your office what is that this is
what doesn't this is serious
wait till you see this is different it's
not what you think it is hold on I told
you well then you brought us a water
cooler that's actually the best gift and
you guys don't know this is this is not
a water cooler this is a this is a smile
more cooler that's a brand-new hair shot
I just got there last week and this is
happy juice it's a smile more juice in
here all right so Tom and I are about to
film a little video here and know what
look at this what is this
Kiwi berries I've never heard of these
in my life I don't know how do you eat
these sweetie you have scooped out the
center like a Kiwi are these left-handed
creamy berries are right Hannah Kiwi
beer no would you guys like to get the
right water
yeah these are left hand if he'll be
very pleased with your is it good let me
see those since I oh my gosh it's a key
there's a baby Kate wait it's exactly a
QE only thing I like tomatoes like that
little bit of a low so we just shot a
little video for Tom's channel and
you're actually gonna take off
it's it for our for our drive for our
drive thanks for coming man I really
really miss you we got to do something
soon maybe it's all for free maybe just
some real old fun Street stuff like
nothing crazy in the hood what does it
call now
in the hood gone wrong yet on sexual
yeah so Tom's gonna take out guys go
check out some show me just show him
some love it'll be in the description of
this video go show him your power this
guy's got some real classy and he's been
robbed of a lot of you like the underdog
of YouTube now yeah yeah you know I
started well before YouTube my first
video went viral on VHS tape stuff and
I'm kind of just I'm like the old and
cranking it out pretty oh man you old
man brings a shit
and I'm like right there in the middle
and I'm too old for you to but not old
enough for off your rockers why Betty
White Betty White
he's got so much on our archives of
video so your videos yeah when you work
here thank you for the walk this will
get used so much and they signed a
picture of that that's not brand new
headshot drum from the 1990 doll that
was taken last week look at that up the
same gainers I'll be right back okay all
right I love you
see ya I'll be right back
so look a long time ago no it used to
make me act crazy in the car just to see
what people would do and he would just
laugh so hard and now you're like don't
embarrass me
let me take a minute to explain
something to you guys there's anybody
out there that maybe your mom and dad
are split up you don't get to see each
one of them all the time let me tell you
something they are thinking about you 24
hours a day your mom and dad whether
they're with you or not when I'm not
with Noah it's the hardest part of my
life is not being beside my kids all the
time and you know with my circumstances
it's just not an option for me just know
that you are everything to them
everything whether they show it whether
you can see it you are everything to
them you are their whole life I missed
my son Noah before he even got on the
truck tonight it's like a I start
reading it before it even happens it's
just my life I wanna I don't wanna
complain about it I just want you guys
to know some of you can relate to this I
just want you to know that your mom and
dad and they just love you so much
some of you may be like no they don't
what I do is yell at me know everything
they do is for you man sometimes I
guarantee it you need yelled at I'm
telling you like trust your parents they
know what's best and their only no
matter what they're doing they're trying
better for you so don't be too hard on
your parents and they know trust me I
was so I'm still apologizing for the way
are you stacked to my parents man I was
so hard I was a tough kid like I'm
bringing everyone down I just sometimes
I want to speak my mind let's go on
finish up this blog yeah what happened
is your mccanna the pot the catfish baby
ain't nothing a little duct tape can't
take care of are you sad look at my
beautiful fish you know they say houses
with fish tanks in them relieve about 15
percent of your stress this fish tank
has got me through some really tricky
times it's like a TV screen Hey Oh King
Kong climbing on me I just love it man
the colors the fish
stuff like this see if I get this clam
to open its opening
you mix this with a little shorter
massage you got yourself a night haha
alright guys how freakin cool is Tom
Mann for bringing this stuff for us
that's like way too awesome I'm gonna
end the night with something magical oh
my gosh
nobody saw that you know I'm just I'm
just feeling healthy tonight you know I
wanna I want to really do it up you'll
never see me unhappy making a plate of
this leave this oh cheese mania I'm not
gonna live for the last like three
nights in a row when I edit I eat this
right here it's my edit fuel thank you
guys for hanging out today thank you for
yesterday I asked you to share your
favorite vlog in return I would do some
following sprees on Twitter and you guys
just as always blew it up and I just
thank you so much we're not at six
million yet but we are so close I can
feel it it's coming soon thank you for
all your help and support fact is I
can't do it without used to thank you
thank you thank you I'm gonna plow these
chips get this vlog done and start fresh
tomorrow and after that it's it's it's
game time baby we're moving we're
hustling so don't forget how important
you are you guys are one of a friggin
kind don't let nobody try to stop you
from fulfilling your dreams you can do
whatever you want to do trust me so with
that being said you're beautiful you're
one of a kind smart when your dad comes
in
I trained hard for this thing
