hey guys welcome to the vlog channel we
are downtown Columbus right now
literally looks like we're ready to go
but I just rolled out of bed yeah I'm
fine right now
so we're starting the day a little
interesting today Carl and Tamar friends
calling to him are having a
gender-reveal party for their baby
that's cool you don't think they really
know like yeah you think they really
don't know what the baby is oh man I
would be biting all my nails off
sweating when Brittany and I went in to
find out what Kane was whether his boy
or girl I was in full sweat head-to-toe
sweaty I was so scared so nervous cuz
you just don't know I mean like what are
you gonna have it's it's life-changing
it's matter with it they know they know
me hey hey what's up so I got asking
first question you really don't know
what the baby is
I have no idea I didn't look at oh my
god it was driving me nuts you guys and
she gave it to her hairdresser so you
don't know either
yeah no wonder everybody did that no one
was in here I know but what are you
doing
what is this taking all the info hey
Wilfred hey boy it is not child friendly
in here what is this it's a steel moving
ah right direction I'm gonna be honest
I'm just here for the sex so here's the
deal Carl's got a crazy power laser and
the reveal is in that balloon so you
want to pop it with the laser so it's
either gonna be blue confetti or pink
confetti honey on the gender said
actually if you hold it perfectly still
it'll pop all right let's play in the
city I said change of plans
I'm afraid the laser might bounce back
because it bounced back in my eye and
I'm seeing away everyone but Thomas let
Wilford go crazy in bust this guy let's
see well Rick we go
only Karl would leave his RA out in the
rain ready yeah
okay so we're kinda on the move we're
gonna get Noah right now from his
buddy's house and a huge congrats to the
karlon team having a baby boy how
exciting is that can you imagine if that
was us having a baby boy that would be
so nice we have two little girls right
now this would be nice to have a throw
on the move we're looking we need to eat
actually we're starting we're both a
little cranky look at her you can tell
you this is cranky brother
yeah so we need a to eat a little
something then we're headed over to my
brother's to film a really cool video
that I'm super excited about so
that's our Sunday Geoff fun good times
awesome Zeus Zeus come here buddy what's
up dude ha ha this is what happens when
you leave a pumpkin from Halloween in
the driveway
we just ran home real quick Britney's
gonna grab a bunch of chicken so we can
grill out Dale Zeus is going crazy that
we're at home Dale didn't mini bring
this old ps3 but apparently this one
doesn't play ps2 games so it's not gonna
work I think he has an even older one at
my mom and dad's house that we have to
go get drop it drop it
hey honey sit good boy stay so if we can
do a whole room shot was closed if you
didn't watch yesterday's vlog I'm still
pulling chunks of dirt and mud out of
places of my body I am a magician Oh
where's my brother
what's up the green screen looks great
looks way better than the old one yeah
it should be better if we just just need
a steamer dude a little steam steam
doggone it if you guys ever want to vlog
at night or in the dark I just literally
found this cool little book light with a
clamp just get one with a clamp that
fits onto the camera and then boom look
at that what do you think GI Joe I don't
see I mean you look great
we're here at the spooky haunted forest
of death I saw something what is it
sorry have you guys the cheapest way to
vlog in the dark I would say let's think
couldn't cost more than six thousand
dollars just a little insight on what
Dale and I are doing I'm more like what
Dale's doing right now to make a video
for you guys has been quite the
challenge what seems like a few seconds
has been 30 40 minutes so far trying to
get we figured out the El Gatos don't
record ps3
and if they do we just not able to
figure it out especially since we have
the newest algata which isn't working
kind of a genius he's working on all
these new suggestions so I pulled out
the old component cable to get around
the HDMI block I'm gonna run the
component cable into the receiver HDMI
out into the elgato hopefully it gets
rid of the security feed and maybe we'll
be able to record this crap I don't know
I'm nervous I'm nervous
this can men on the surface I look calm
and ready to drop bombs but I keep on
forgetting I'm inspecting it the power
button see sparks or something here we
go Amy one all right well tails up
they're rebuilding all the electronics
in the house banana man man what's mommy
working on Legos your LEGO building mama
you made this yeah we love you daddy
oh you guys are the best
so they had all these beads over here
and dales little ropes so they made me
uh we love you daddy bracelet that'll be
nice when I'm on tour you want you want
your dad to win mama tell you this I'm
in it to win it boys that's right know
who's gonna win tonight who's gonna win
tonight
me too verse one boys what's up now
what's up now Dale when your dad comes
in all right so when my brother makes
gaming videos he likes to step it up a
notch he invited me over to getting a
full attire which feels fun
I trained hard for this all right guys I
don't want to give up all of the ideas
tonight for Dale's new gaming video but
he's come up with a really creative way
to do this one so I'm gonna leave it
that that's probably all I'm gonna show
tonight hopefully this his video is up
when this video goes up if not it'll be
you know really really soon so we're
gonna shoot all this I'll be back in one
second Dale what is that on your
shoulder what is it we home just you was
just so dark in here now we both know
they ain't in your bed there's no way
that boy went to bed
Kayne oh well I wanted to play with them
hey get your little butt over here
yeah what are you doing playing with
mommy plants versus my me yeah all right
guys we're gonna cut this off a little
early tonight we have oh I'm gonna hang
out with the kids for a little bit and
I'm gonna edit this vlog early so I can
get some sleep I got a new special guest
coming to the house tomorrow just for
tomorrow and then I'm off on the road
again for a while so things are getting
a little hectic getting a little crazy
I'm transmitting but as much time as
possible here with everybody and I just
can't thank you enough for being here
being a part of everything we do I think
my brother's gonna try to have the
gaming video up and we're really just
having fun as a family we are so close
to six million subscribers my head's
about to explode today now I'm putting
this at the end of the vlog because I
know only the true viewers you on my
true viewer right now if you're if
you're watching right now so today
please go share tweet Facebook wherever
you can just whatever time you have if
you have 30 seconds put it on one
network your favorite vlog ever made go
share it tell people to subscribe let's
get to 6-9 together I can only do it
with you like there's no way I can do it
without you
you guys are ridiculously powerful and
I'll never be able to thank you enough
so I'm gonna thank you in advance
please go share your favorite vlog I am
going to do a huge follow spree all
night tomorrow night anybody that tweets
out my you know your favorite vlog or
something that you'd like that I've made
tell people to subscribe I feel like
when I stay at most of you are about to
turn the blog off like because I keep
repeating myself like alright Roman
we've heard it but you don't listen to
me like you want to listen to me but
you're just like ah he's just saying
that now you guys need to realize how
important you are man you're awesome
thank you for everything look at this he
thanks you look at him he knows thank
you guys
we've see you tomorrow thanks for the
shares in advance let's get the six mil
we freaking love you we'll see you
tomorrow
smile
