what is up guys welcome to a very
special moment in our I think flash once
in I think I'm gonna let flash I like
flashing him he's got one in then he's
gonna one out he's good guys it is this
is a delay video this is current day
meaning the day we upload this is
actually current day it is our 10 year
anniversary one decade of our life
together give me freedom yes I am so
proud and excited for us this is like so
awesome
it's literally crazy it's so just I'm
mind blown I didn't want there to be a
delay on this video I actually wanted it
to be our anniversary day is the day
this video goes up so we have a little
flashback a little bit of our history is
cried and cried I was like here watch
this tell me what you think and she's
like I'm just bowled it's not I don't
think it's I don't think it's that maybe
for us it is yeah I don't know it's very
special a lot of you've seen a lot of
these clips maybe there's something that
you haven't seen thank you guys so
freakin much for being part of our life
and we are so excited to be celebrating
10 years today so let's get to the
montage I'll see you in a few minutes
my girlfriend we've been together almost
five years she's put up with a lot
before I even had a YouTube channel she
was with me
Christmas 2008 ie I gave Brittany and
PAC a popcorn and it said one night of
cuddle / movies just my girl and I
something ready wait you have to get the
sunset in it headlock wait where is it
going it's already going down Eddie
your volunteer we go
miss me this week
okay just grabbed us and pull this
together yeah you thankful for me yeah
thankful for you
according to that test you are we really
I hope you are so much sorry careful we
but that's a good sign
so in about eight months you're gonna
have a little brother or sister how do
you know
other baby our babies first babies for
swim take all my strength tip it all
just take it all take it all okay guys
her official name is Cora Co R and C all
right and for the last couple days I've
been asking if she wants to be named
Cora and she gives me these little
smiles I love this I'm your superhero
you're literally cheerleaders
but Brittany and I are getting married
Wow why propose dude
this will be our very last upload tab
atwood / smith this is it
you
so it's been quite the journey I'm so
thankful we have so much of our our life
on camera it's so weird like being able
to look I mean we've been vlogging I
think five years four or five years we
can actually go back in our life that
many years it's so crazy look so
different we talk different we
everything like in just five years how
much changes so I'm glad we captured
what we have captured I actually like
when you're doing the montage videos and
stuff you're like you're wishing that
you recorded you know when Noah was born
when Cain was born we didn't start
filming until Cain is already like one
and a half or almost two yeah it was
like I wish we would have been filming
at that time but we have what we have
it's pretty freakin amazing so today's
our anniversary and while we I guess it
would actually be months from now yeah
right before my birthday was like
because for my birthday you took me to a
concert so I kind of knew I had time so
the crazy story that we probably never I
don't know maybe we should talk I don't
know if we've ever talked about it so
when Brit today's the day Brittany and I
like talked for the first time like we
were in the same like house together and
we talked right she was 17 she was 17 I
don't get to remember that day no no the
day after though was it that fast okay
so she was 17 I was 25 right so that was
like a huge huge age gap so we couldn't
actually technically date her mom was
like absolutely not and you know she was
almost gonna be 18 as like three months
from now right so we both like can't
actually date until you are 18 but we
talked on this day first so we consider
this our actual like start date because
we did I got a number and we chatted we
can only like I'd see you like on a
weekend if you went to your sister's
house so if I was with Chase and she was
with her sister that's how we the only
way and how we would see each other
yeah and then once you turned 18 we were
officially like dating and I was allowed
to take you to him like ready to move in
with you yeah it was like it was all
official and I waited until I graduated
yeah yeah even once you're 18 you had to
graduate and then you moved in with me
like the day of graduation literally
that day you get me out after I
graduated yeah and put me in your little
blue car yeah I wish we saw that guy so
that is uh it's a crazy story at the
time it was like crazy but now it's
completely meaningless a lot of- yeah I
mean at that time yeah with everyone it
was big like it was crazy cuz like you
were 1795 I was like you know I was in a
rough place mentally like see you were
like a big lifts me up in my life but
like I don't know it was the whole like
it was the whole age difference was just
crazy at the time and we had to like you
know wait it out but we consider this
day our anniversary now which is crazy
but technically yeah the new anniversary
we have so that's pretty interesting
story guys like I don't know how to
explain it like at that time everybody
said it's not right like it's not gonna
happen it's not but we were so like
obsessed with each other connected like
our my truth that's with you before that
our universe like before this day ten
years ago I was really obsessed I really
I'm the biggest that's awesome we're
just meant to be guys like I know like
the whole age got thing is like is crazy
and it was like it shouldn't happen and
it shouldn't be like her parents and
absolutely not even my parents made like
funny jokes like my parents support
everything so it's like whatever I want
they'll support it but they would even
crack jokes on me like everybody was
like just first time I met your parents
just call it off it's not you guys
aren't gonna stay together she's so
young you know like all that we heard it
all guys and I just want you to know
that
like we're friggin soulmates like my
soul is in love with her like there's an
energy that I literally like when you're
not around I feel it like there's a
legit connection with us age had nothing
to do with us getting together we were
gonna be together
no matter what I just literally had to
wait for you to catch up that 10 of us I
had to go through all my bullcrap
waiting on you that's what it was I love
you mmm so that's our little anniversary
video for today with the story of just
hope I guess like against all odds right
against all odds
we've outlasted so many so many that we
there's so many bets on us here yeah I
remember one of your teachers made you a
bet I haven't you still have the back
that we wouldn't be together after
actually Emily never paid you know
absolutely Emily was the witness that
signed it
that's so funny Emily still works for us
unreal
so guys like whether it's relationship
or like things that aren't exactly going
the way everybody else sees it just go
by your heart and go by what you truly
believe is right and God if I would have
listened to everybody if we would listen
to everybody oh my god where would we be
I wouldn't be happy we knew we knew and
you know you know so make good decisions
do do do what's right and we love you
guys we are actually going to film our
anniversary today so there is going to
be a vlog tomorrow today is kind of a
catch me up on some things that we're
working on and we love you thank you so
much
thumbs up for ten years and we will see
you guys tomorrow beautiful you're one
of a kind
you
