hey guys welcome to our house we've got
quite the exciting crowd here today and
our last four vlogs we have had snow we
have had rain and now we have beautiful
t-shirt shorts sunshine literally warm
out his weather's got me all antsy man
it's got me all antsy in LA what's antsy
mean I don't know like ready to jump off
something or blow something up or tickle
somebody love you guys probably watch
these blogs me like you know I want a
German Shepherd because the outlets have
a German Shepherd let me tell you what
it's like a German Shepherd it's a lot
of these because they shed so much and
when we sweep this floor I'm not kidding
you I swept it for probably 40 minutes
with two days ago I had to empty out the
sweeper four times just on this carpet
and there's still tons forever for life
there will be dog hair in this house
forever and it doesn't matter if we take
him to get groomed or not they just shed
so much they lose their coats winter
coats fur coats summer coats cases with
his fur and it still looks like it's
full yeah he knows I'm talking about him
everybody it's alright okay before we go
a real quick example I'm gonna take this
run it down my shirt one time ready oh
look at this look that's just one one
one sweet dumbest all right Brittany
once oh no some beat it yeah you're
hungry I'm antsy hope you guys are
having a fantastic day the Sun has got
me ready
go what about you like we can count we
can count on one hit like a picnic you
wanna have a picnic that's underneath we
can carefully we can count on one or two
hands how many days like this we have a
year in Ohio like it's perfect not I'm
not cold it's just so comfortable
anyways we are headed to pinball table
fish tank table today he's fish tank
Todd it's not an economist he forgot a
heater for the downstairs water so I
feel like if the pinball machine wasn't
around he would get worked on like he
used to now we have to drive to his
place to get his work done
somebody sleepy cane Hey look at this
look at this little fish tank that's
called a nano tank but actually the
smaller the tank and saltwater the
harder to keep that's true
where's their stripes
the Magic Eraser
I can't get enough and the way they're
breeding these clownfish now they they
mix them all up and how you get all
these crazy looking clownfish I think
they're beautiful look at that out here
I know it showed you guys this before
but here this is when he grows all the
corals look there's a little baby corals
and as they get bigger they go in our
fish tank and other people's mistakes so
cool oh these snails they're climbing
out of the water dude grab one and throw
it in the water
okay honey
much see closed I will put him back
years years years ago I used to come
here in the hustle talk for like $10
girls I would come here with my last
dollars and I beg yo well you got like
10 bucks and he would like help me all
that he could the call is expensive you
know wait wait wait
so I just came up pretty heaters and now
you're saying we got a hockey game we
got a hockey here you got tickets that's
right it's a good game so you get game
but you got a lead and you got a big bad
and they pay me later
he's like we have to leave right now for
Bonnie's house right now right now I got
a tickets off you got a drive forever I
know who Kate's like this is mommy and
Kane trying to make arrangements
Kame looks bigger than you
did you just make a deal are we going to
a hockey game yeah Todd just hit us with
tickets to a hockey game last time we
went we loved it so we're gonna go check
it out hi-yah up hey mama hey thanks for
meeting us beep-beep-beep we got a heavy
load deep it it's all fixed
nice so where's my car
whoo Mama's going clubbing I'm if you
guys know last week she hit another car
and broke her mirror Ohio what are you
doing right now crazy thing is we've
been trying to have a little date time
since I got back every time it fell
through smile more story got busy blah
blah blah so today it's like a surprise
can't just with Walmart and we're
jumping into it that'd be fun say it
tell them it's gonna be fun I'm gonna
hit the roof oh we gonna fit he says
keep going
we good yeah yes something I heard
something every every time we drive the
biggest vehicle and - how the only place
to park a truck at the top so here we
got our official second hockey game ever
we had a blast the first time I came
it's really fun and we're not sport
goers so Todd's gonna kill us cuz he has
our tickets game started eight minutes
ago and he is a hockey fanatic Paquita
that's what we call so he parked at the
wrong entrance we thought it was back
there but apparently it's up here no
biggie no biggie it's what he gets from
Forgetting heaters for our fish tank
it's only fair dude it's about time did
you like three seconds ago do the game
that's me to see over the steering wheel
somebody flies that thing around
Damon black bitch
well you're official okay
are we up high
sorry okay if you've never been to a
hockey game I highly advise you to wear
something warm it's cold
you missed it I mean somebody swore oh
my gosh
I don't even know what to say right now
the last three games Brittany and I
offenses sports-wise two Lakers one
hockey game they've all won with a good
luck tour maybe
finally got a fight you know in one go
get it Todd go get it
at Cannes and cotton candy let the
flooding begin whoo okay so out of for
pro sports games we've been to they've
all won yeah two Lakers games to hockey
games all of which were supposedly going
to lose they all won so we're the good
luck charm
that's so I am so we had a good time it
was a lot of fun Todd almost got in a
fight with a guy that was sitting right
in front of us because his daughter went
to sit down she was standing the whole
time I don't think it was his daughter
well granddaughter yeah anyways it was
hilarious but it's so loud in that kind
of film modules just like all music and
copyright issues and the roof of our
truck look
you're going fast and you hit a bomb -
you would hit it oh if I hit a ramp I
would hit it yeah like if I was going it
hit around ok so right now we look like
massive blue jacket fans yeah had to run
in the store real quick get a couple
things one is an electric shaver is it
really bad that I'm looking for a nose
trimmer for you so ever since the tour I
lost my electric razor I have infinite
of the Harry's razor blades but to
actually shave aside I'll shave this
down to the skin I leave just a little
bit so I look like a real man maybe you
should start shaving it down to skin I
will but then I break out even more like
all this would be way worse something
that takes a battery if it doesn't take
a battery I don't want it because I'd
never charged it and then it just dies
it gets lost silverstein Brittany's
favorite band when we met actually this
was her first I took her to her first
concert ever it was this man it was
awesome that I think that ceiling is
like leaking on us there's that second
half
I got him all mixed up Silverstein we
were like i crowd surf oh yeah you did
your first car gee that was a fun hey
come here
hi you missed me mama we got you
something
yeah they get three gold okay so if the
Blue Jackets gets three goals you can
take their tickets to wendy's and get
free chili so we got you got for free
Chili's is your ticket I don't know
that's a lot of chili you gonna be a
rootin tootin cowboy homemade smoothies
tonight with some homemade popsicles so
the best thank you
what'd you do did you poison it what's
wrong with mommy I bet if you stand
there you oh my gosh yeah I'm just
worried about your fingers you like
throwing right in there
mommy's getting tears in our onions so
what are we gonna eat just onions still
what is this the mud swamp man but yeah
that is so toxic what is that or what am
i smelling it's a lot apple cider
vinegar and kind pepper is that's why I
know pork shoulder mmm pork shoulder
with a bone-in and then let it sit for
eight hours
so by morning all right guys completely
forgot to in the blog last night it's
actually current day and I don't know
what happened I would everything was
going good and next thing I know I woke
up this one Hey look you guys so much
thanks for hanging out with us I had a
great time with Britt Todd his wife and
I don't know just get out do stuff it's
great it's always a good time do nothing
get nothing remember that I love you
guys thanks for the support on
everything smile more you're beautiful
what the heck are you doing what are you
doing you're cutting your pants to it
are they are they meant to do that
