so welcome back guys and thank you so
much for the little break that you gave
us it was so needed we have so much fun
it was so much more than just us being
together without a camera it was a reset
it was like I'm a mind reset I'm back
I'm here for good I'm ready to restart
and start fresh here at our little house
here in Ohio let's start off with things
that have changed since we last vlog
okay that's one thing show them show
them we had a blowout one of our rubber
bands blew out in the pinball machine
right there parts come tomorrow so she's
gonna be running soon it's back here see
one of our rubber bands blew out a
couple new corals in the fish tank one
here big elegans coral down there in
that hole this guy's new but I don't
remember the name of it a couple new
baby clams although I think these were
in the tank last time we've logged I
said anything else change and no it was
like snow that's right more snow not
much our building is so close to being
finished look at it let's go see mommy
come on take me lead me cane I need to
come to cane cane the whole point was me
coming with you
and can get more ornery while we got oh
you're gonna let me
oh it's lunch break
that's perfect who's ready for the new
building uh I kinda want lunch break
Brittany has been living in the smart
store with all the girls yet or is it
what you think for like three days three
days two and a half speaking of hair I
gotta go right now and get this fixed if
you guys missed the last vlog of the
tour fousey cut my hair onstage shown
the back is I think back is really
important you see that the thick patches
um yeah you do
oh right here anywhere my hair is trash
so I'm not to go get that fixed up you
wanna go get your hair cut with me looks
like a little marine boy
I'll be right back I love ya Wow sorry
hello Manny that man of you is it you
this building blows my mind maybe one
day maybe one day
I'll be building something like that I
have no idea what for I have nothing you
gotta start somewhere
Wow guys it feels so good to be back you
have no idea I know I may have felt like
I was letting a lot of you guys down I
know you expect my get it I know you
expect a daily vlog every day I really
understand it I see the dislikes and I
get it trust me but there comes a time
where I've been gone and I come home and
I see my kids and I can tell that I need
to zone out with my boys for a little
bit so as much as if you may have hated
it a couple days a few days it put us in
such a better mental state we are ready
to come back so strong something I have
to do as a father as a family man guys
don't forget my family is everything
everything I do is for two reasons
Noah came I guess I should throw in
Brittany in there and all of my favorite
for my family so it's
you guys you guys get it yo what's up
dude I got some like really bad news no
I I just got a call from the management
there's no way I can do the tour the
world tour from mills and collective why
they just said it's gonna interfere with
the movie stuff that I have to be on I
guess after the three-week tour they
just said it's gonna inter interfere
like we have to either bump it way back
to next year or I can't do it yeah so
when are we gonna announce them well I
just got off the phone with them they
said there's no way it's gonna happen
Mike
Mike yeah
I'm gonna come see a everything cuz
laughs let's go to the village he didn't
now
which would you be mad if I couldn't do
it you'd be upset you know you know why
what you know why I woke you up like
this because I'm getting ready to walk
in my Barbara right now and get my hair
fix that you cut he promised me it would
be good dude is smoking some crack
John's got fixed it up right and what
can you do can you save me
should I gonna for these other guys make
it look new Tracy's if I make it look
like Traci's down there on the end just
like his out of a fix-it the bald guy
yeah all right let's see what you can do
man I'm gonna pray all right man so
we're coming to Columbus for the tour we
need to plan some revenge were thinking
a little waxing of an eyebrows all right
man I think you all right pretty
interesting text from Brittany just now
uh ugh grandma hit Brittany's car and
broke mirrors on both cars so I'm
guessing she backed and clipped both the
mirrors awesome grandma mama but
Brittany's one of the girls that works
at the smart store so dang anyways
headed home we have an appointment
downtown that Brittany and I have to go
to I don't know if we're gonna make it
though I'm super late today
you know what Brittany and I did during
three days we watched three movies like
that is so hard for us to do is to watch
a movie together we watched three movies
is awesome another sounds so doc what it
was really nice guys that's not so bad a
little duct tape will fix that oh he's
gonna eat me hey hey what's up guys nice
drivin mom ah I told you not to drift
around that corner
you can't drift what happened
trying to get that girl's mirror and my
mirror I'm super late for a phone call I
have to be on a phone call right now
when it rains it pours that's that's
what you're getting at this is the other
part of my life sitting on phone calls
for hours with the release of my movie
coming out there's so many phone calls
and things that I literally sit on the
phone so I have a really important call
I have to take right now I forgot about
it yeah huh
so in the vlogger world phone calls can
be your enemy because you can't vlog
you're stuck on there's nothing you can
do
I hate phone cause she knows even she
calls me I'm like all right I gotta go
I'm coming I'm not a phone call guy
anyways first started dating you would
spend hours because I was excited you
know like that rich excitement like I I
just dug myself a hole should we open it
this is something pretty cool maybe I
actually don't know if it's gonna be
cool enough a lot of you guys been
waiting on this for a long time so let's
see these are samples yeah here's the
first one that's pretty good
they all the same don't sing Oh cuz some
sometimes as black okay this is why
these hats are so unique because no two
patterns is the same so every single hat
is different right well I think he's
just showing us what the logo would look
like which is really awesome hey there
boy
you won't go hon the whole challenge on
these hats has been our logo we have a
we have a lengthy logo it's not like a
vertical logo fits better square logo
but ours is long so nobody's been able
to actually print the smile more logo
the way we want it so this hat is not
necessarily that we're selling but it's
showing us the size of the logo can fit
on the Hat so I guess the real question
is what do you guys think obviously the
hats can change the bills can be flat
these can be solid they can be button in
the back that can not be we can have a
variety that but the actual logo itself
feels right anyways because of that
phone call with Lionsgate I missed my
meeting downtown Columbus that Brittany
and I had to go to so we canceled that
so it looks like we're home
Britney just threw some meat on oh it's
a plug of meat is that one burger
another phone call sorry
okay all right two phone calls down I
think we're good for the night and our
plans have totally changed looks like
we're in some play-doh ha
perfect Britney made some tacos look at
this bowl oh man
so we eat and figure out what think
we're doing tonight it's kind of just I
turned into a hey I'm a perfect did you
guys know last week the week before I
was on tour and a lot of you guys
brought me things on tour that I
couldn't bring back because we were on a
bus we were on a plane I just couldn't
travel with it so it's all been shipped
to me today or at least three boxes of
it was shipped today so I'm gonna bring
it in and let the kids rip it open and
see what's in there do you want to do it
yeah do you want to do it
push it in there this is uh I hope it's
not full lamps okay so I don't know if
war is coming or not but this is the
stuff that you guys brought me while I
was on tour like gifts on tour it's so
crazy that you guys brought me stuff so
this is this is it you want to open it
obviously somebody brought that from
Seattle let's to Seattle Seahawks what
you got oh you open the swedish fish did
you huh who wants to bet there's
something here for Zeus Zeus what is it
how'd you know you want to open up for
him
Zeus he knows he's so happy he's so
happy
do you guys rock just about everything
for us look at this a small more
marshmallow gun check that out open that
up if it straight from Portland we got
clothes from all the states we visited
there's more spring
what is this the planet mean look at all
these sprinkles that's coming up easter
is coming up what is this planet Oh ice
pineapple yeah you guys know we collect
magnets in the game do some open on
remember what it does you can unvarying
look at this dog in there for him he
knows so I think it's safe to say you
guys are beyond generous this was just
stuff and there is more oh there's
another box right there oh my gosh
that's really cool that is cool
Oh somebody get you that yeah I'm so
pretty I think it's safe to say we'll be
going through this for a little while
there's a bunch of letters so we have
the best viewers in the whole world or
what cane is that a pet rock I'm
actually really surprised you guys
didn't get me any sprinkles that I've
already had I know what's up what up boy
get back here it's a little low
it's scary - Hulk mom Hulk Hogan Huck
momen you got this you taking you
smuggling silly-string boy you smuggling
when the Dudesons came I slept with
silly string I stole this just in case
for balls
multi-ball alright honey go ahead and
sort this out you know what goes where
I'll be in the bathtub
literally you said it when it was for
one no no people get her off me peel her
legs
they're asking if they want some candy
it's the best candy you guys want candy
it's the best everybody put your counter
faces on everybody smile I'm about to
film so everyone has to be happy
everybody everybody come on you have to
be the out words they know what's up
everybody say hello to my beautiful
family
my family is psycho if you do that in a
car with your family it just goes from
this little crumb to a really dynamic
really cool salad yeah oh it sounded
cool it's really cool in the car does
this too now you have to chew it
no just putting it in your mouth chew it
up all right three two one - you held it
together for a long time that bad all
right well the girls build Legos I got
something for the kids come on everybody
follow me you may or may not have ever
seen me do this it's a lot of fun in
case you're new to the channel this is
our ball pit room it gets her out of the
church room don't be so modest I know
you want to get in there I do want to
get in all right let me show you
do
this sublet baby
that's it all right we're taking it down
a notch on tour somebody sent me or gave
me on toward this this 3d puzzle that me
and my dad and brother just built of the
Golden Gate Bridge but it looks
different than when I've seen it so
we're gonna try to show you guys
actually what they're gonna get rich
looks like that's know you can't see
their tops unless you fly up to a plane
a little bit there for a second
check out the Golden Gate Bridge that's
where I was standing right here it was
like I should actually come with the
model cotton balls that is more
realistic when that fog rolls in it
rolls in the bridge has been taken over
by Star Wars and zombies hold on
Superman Scott and Superman's ears this
is my bridge now where's the Joker when
you need him
I don't know is that you farting over
here oh all right everybody's packing up
a working into the night families
leaving goodbye I must have missed
something
guess what it's too late we've lost them
we lost my mom good love you all right
that's totally bedtime there we go
hello yes there's no you ready for bed
yeah that looks so funny your head just
appears out of nowhere
oh so this is where all my silly string
went I don't trust you sleep great buddy
I love you
you're the best we have here he's asleep
let me see guys thank you so much for
joining my little Atwood family today we
had a good time hanging out together
this is really weird I haven't been on
this thing for me Oh forever thank you
guys so much for hanging out with us
today it feels so good to be back
vlogging is just getting started I'm not
stopping baby I hope that you're not one
of them guys it's like man I can't wait
till Roman stops vlogging because if you
are I've got bad news for you we love
you guys so much thanks again for
sticking around and for all the love
that likes everything that you guys do
for us is unbelievable and I'm not sure
how I'll ever repay you but I will say
this you are awesome you're one of a
kind don't let nobody tell you you can't
do something that you want to do if as
I'm telling you right now you can you
are incredibly powerful you are
incredibly special people love you
people want to be you your greatest
enemy is you you're the only one
stopping you from doing what you want to
do so no excuses let's get up let's do
it I love you guys thanks again I'm back
I'm here to stay
I love you a beautiful smile more
what the back no had like a hand wave
and the toilet seat rotates yeah
you see I connected here coming out to
see you uh
