hey guys welcome to the vlog goodbye Los
Angeles we're headed to San Diego today
I missed the tour bus this morning Lucy
got on it and I missed it so I'm taking
an SUV to San Diego
let's go so at last night's show my
manager brought me flowers John Johnny
Hollywood you guys know he says my
little caterpillar you have become a
magnificent butterfly you spread your
wings and flew tonight I'm literally
walking down the hotel compressing my
vlog trying to get it up it's so hectic
on the tour and getting the vlogs up man
I'm there always sunny but we gotta make
it happen we can go y'all I haven't
missed one yet so I'm gonna beat you
dude so sorry I'm late
all right cool oh you're actually
driving oh man well we have outlets no
way use my power we need
all right guys we're warping straight to
San Diego we're picking up on the
bus actually right now the mat is
rocking it out today whoo y'all I'm
diggin the outfit dude yeah what's uh-oh
I missed the bus
I really had no idea you guys left so
early I didn't know I thought he was
just coming to get me I thought you guys
were still know I was gonna tell
together oh let me get a shot of those
are those the new air air air 67's what
are the Jerusalem Karachi all right guys
up in my hotel room I don't have much
time but there's somebody very special
coming to see me right now and I'm so
excited I can't even hold back I'm just
so ready like gonna be here any minute
what can I I'm so excited guys you have
no idea
now for a big old steak guys Brits here
baby
I missed you so much oh my god see she
won't be brought in from Ojai today No
right baby sign me I flew all day she
flew in to see the last show before we
go back to Ohio together tomorrow or
tomorrow we're leavin yeah yeah tomorrow
we're back to a while back with the
family back with the fun I gotta eat
real quick we actually have the meet and
greet in less than 40 minutes and we
haven't even fought because on this tour
your face is pretty good yeah because I
was getting ready to break you so you
tell me to show ya
he was supposed to be like sad this is
the back how are we getting in oh my god
I want to share a little secret with you
guys so a lot of you don't know when
people are up on stage they have to go
potty just like the rest of you out here
in the audience the only difference is
we can't so last night was like a drink
like six bottles of water before we went
out so during the second half I don't
know if you noticed but I was like dying
I had to pee so bad by time we got off
stage I was running out the whole second
half I'm holding my arm in pain I can't
tell them why yeah it was bad
so as each show goes on Pablo becomes
more famous and fat last night he comes
out on stage the whole place goes but as
that happens he's treating us better
look at this he's the one that brings
all of this every single night no it's
for you no I don't want that
I know but oh what a stud it's that yard
gnome look brah look turn sideways I
don't think you understand the front I
don't care what it looks like
first got her all-access Pat I've been
asking for what he's the whole tour
Pablo and she just when your face is on
it you usually don't need interesting
choice for the meet up tonight it's our
last meetup of the tour boosie's
bringing some gummy we're licious they
are good they're really good we were
just about to get our meet up we just
said he said I didn't put on Cologne and
then I said I didn't put up new I
thought you were making fun of me no no
no I got some they'll be the worst
mistake I cannot stand our theater
officially signed my first cast on this
tour you've broken 30 bones
you're an animal I've seen a lot of
really good haircuts this one's got me
mad
I like this how long that take 50
minutes that's what yo did you see the
shirt so these guys come up and it
already insult to injury but then watch
this turn around
at least they're nice about it
as a kid that doesn't know where he's at
what's up that's awesome what a good
idea so she made me a very special gift
it is beautiful thank you so much you
know where that's gonna go right the new
building should be almost done when I
get home excited her last Meetup just
wrapped up we're done we're gonna do a
quick sound check and then this is our
final show
ah no he's got he's got double-sided
tape holding on he puts tape
yo my headset up this is all new I can
wear a beanie naughty Blair nobody knows
about it
so this is anti-glare anti-shine gel so
then it doesn't illuminate off my
forehead and look what's so cool about
it Billy it's clear
it actually takes the shine away or
makes it more shiny it takes a shot away
so if the light hits me now Anika's oh
my gosh I'm so lucky to have Britney
here tonight I was so excited so excited
ready last show bro you ready I'm ready
I'm excited break it out there now let's
go whoa I laughed the whole power went
out in the hallway
alright so we just wrapped the first set
or an intermission right now
Britney is gonna come out and surprise
the crowd tonight which I'm so excited
about they're gonna go crazy probably
you're gonna film the reaction of course
absolutely
who said I'm just eating do your thing
i'ma fire
that's a rap show 5 complete so in case
you guys don't know we did a challenge
on stage the whole crowd cheered and
firstly cut my hair show them the back
as he cut the whole thing off okay the
tour just ended that haircut looks so
good and I you were freaking out ya know
I mean which are you gonna shave his
head back you wouldn't let me I saw the
fear in his eyes he was like I felt like
you would kill no no I was all for it
but the whole time that look in my eyes
was the revenge like I was just in my
actions like Donnelly would go ahead and
shave it but there's gonna be you what
he started a walk there's gonna tell me
everything from me I'm so mad at into it
I I thought you would know I thought you
were dang it it's just like all this is
still long so it takes a long time to
leave the venue's because they cover
every door the venue so we usually have
to wait in a while
luckily there's still some VIP that
never made the show what's up guys so
we're gonna go take pictures with them
and thanks guys
alright guys so we are leaving the venue
which is pretty complicated drivers have
to be in perfect position and it's crazy
I can hear them you can't hear me the
show's been over for more than an hour
yeah whatever you think we were gonna we
were gonna say final goodbyes to them if
you think it's okay it's gonna be long
as you can get us the car this is a
finalized
holy smokes
have you ever experienced anything like
that
hey thank you sir ten stars for you
tonight
thank you no one knows it's just
handprints all over the cover oh nice
the crew mrs. Murch
Matt dude good job tonight we're
wrapping man the tours over oh hey all
that rehearsal and it's awesome good job
guys
these guys made it happen
we had no show without them this is
Brittany having to go potty really bad
look at her I feel yeah I feel the pain
we we actually just left your head back
to our hotel I'm really exhausted to be
honest with you
someone's gotta pee I can't even keep up
with her all right guys it is the next
morning good morning oh what a night
woman I hope you guys have a good time
before we in this vlog and we got to
give some love to one of our sponsors on
this channel Harry's you guys hear me
talk about him all the time they're
always hooking up my family and friends
with Harry's and they're here to look
you guys up check it out I don't know
that's a mystery yeah Harry's two guys
bought a factory in Germany they've been
making the best raisers for almost 10
years they're hooking you guys up if you
use promo code Roman they're always
hooking you guys up too so just use the
promo code Roman my name Rona and get
five dollars off shipping is free so you
get this whole package for ten bucks
sweet razor you get extra blades what is
that these guys are always treating us
really well and they're just a good
company plus that free shipping and it's
a great gift to get it for your dad and
your grandpa your mom it's a great gift
for everybody yeah we've we've fully
switched over am I kidding like not just
because it's a sponsor I only use that
once a month so that's it guys you know
the drill I will put their link in the
top of this description if you want to
check it out hit it smash it
it's a great deal just for you guys so
now it's actually time to say good bye
bye San Diego Britney and our flying
back home to Ohio to be with our
beautiful kids that I missed so much I
don't know what to do I'm freaking out
how'd you enjoy the show
it's crazy though we love you guys
thanks for all the love and support and
thanks for putting up with this haircut
for the next two three weeks I don't
know if this is what it is
so the backs way worse it doesn't look
that bad from the front all right love
you guys just received email of the next
possible tour stop so I'm hoping to
announce that really soon and yeah so
hopefully we hit your city next thanks
for all the love on the tour vlogs and
we will see you back in Ohio you're
awesome you're beautiful you're one of a
kind smile
