what's up guys welcome to Portland
what up what up good morning morning
guys I'm not awake I'm a zombie right
now these guys will I get it up get on
the bus that was bad alright guys given
what I must say good morning to you cuz
I'm not awake this is our bus I've never
ever in my life ridden on a tour boss so
here we go we're off to Portland Oregon
have you ever been really nice
what are you talking about no solids or
toilet paper you only pee you have to go
right now
no what you do is you just ask you
really have to stop I actually feel like
we're up north right now look at these
giant pine trees whoa
god forbid we on the road for two hours
without food it's like the worst thing
I've ever smelled
come bad with that like fire
I don't really know how to explain this
to you guys but I used to have dreams I
used to have blob not just like one and
two dreams leave the dream all the time
that I was traveling in tour buses and
being on stage and I never understood
the dreams I didn't I didn't understand
it because I wasn't in a band and I had
why would I ever be up on stage so now
that I'm sitting in this boss heading to
a show that I'll be on stage is kind of
like messing with me like I honestly
just have dreams about this I never
understood the dreams
I guess dreams do come true I don't know
how to explain that how do you know how
to tell that you explained it to you
guys in a way it's like it's really
surreal my god give me all your buck
pussy come on are you watching my vlog
I'm here trying to smile more okay
you know what I'm thinking wow I'm not
trying to make you like this like it's
the process
if I tweet out teamroman hashtag key
moment or if it just pussies
this guy's the best driver in the whole
world oh we have safely made it to
Portland Oregon is already a beautiful
place man I'm in love with it the
mountains are snow cat like mountains
did you see that father what are you
born what up guys well how are you I am
loving this city look at this
look how much my hair grew from
yesterday it's disgusting right you look
like you slept in the woods
we added there we made it to Portland
it's beautiful whoa we are headed to the
hotel and we got to eat that's yo yo
check it check it we're out here in
Portland doing what we do on stage every
night after we take a poo last time I
was this good at something I was still
in school Roman Atwood never was because
he's a fool here we are baby my hat what
I asked you if you can take what is that
it's washed it Roman did such a baby I'm
sorry dude I can get my bag he's got
nine bags we have a slippery staying in
the building and he doesn't want any
interaction with you all right
I know you don't want to communicate
with outside life we have arrived
why do this Oh No nice little street
view yeah ah there it is all right guys
we got here a little early we have a
little time settle in we're gonna get
some food we have an en and this is my
room for the night right here we are out
to San Francisco tomorrow so we're here
just for today I'm excited before I go
any further I really want to just say
thank you guys for coming along on this
journey I told you last week that this
was gonna be a whole new adventure a
whole new challenge a whole new journey
for us and I just thank you for joining
me on this it's so fun it's so fun
meeting you guys at the shows and I
guess I'm in Oregon if there's a teapot
on my desk what do you do at this
oh hi good luck everyone
careful careful there's kids okay we
didn't eat if the Japanese place but
look at this how do you eat these we
picked the right spot guys look this
it's coconut on top of that toffee these
cherries I think so and this is ice
cream like at a dairy all right we broke
him oh I get it you better buckle your
hat up dude you don't want to get it
damaged if you even touch boots like you
touch his shoes he freaks out you put
your hand free stuff
buckle up man put the seat belt on you
good buddy there you go all right we can
go now I'm not even Buffalo man you got
out you got a beautiful city here now
it's not this is really nice moving
working working out exercise look at
these guys on there here's the venue
there's the venue right there there we
go we just reached our venue nice and
quiet do about 20 minutes before our
meet-and-greet and every single one of
these places is totally different so
usually if Lucy and I come out on
different sides of the stage tonight
they only have enough room for one side
of the stage so should be interesting
you just gotta roll with the punch a
roll it this is a nice little table and
then there's tons of like cold cuts and
cheese all tomatoes it's perfect
look at this wardrobe that's that's it
just finish up soundcheck we are about
ready to go we're gonna go fire up this
meet-and-greet and then we're gonna fill
her up
I got any soldiers not gay what's up
homie what's up you gotta shout out yeah
that's been Arturo and say czar Potter
oh yeah I've never heard that name boy
that's nice you know they said I should
have brought smile more shirts on this
tour like for merch but everybody's
already wearing them and these are the
CS but I don't notice but for a limited
time on our website we posted this shirt
and he got it he got one of one you made
the blog you know I've never seen so
many small more shirts in my life
everybody you got there everywhere
everywhere that I go I collect magnets
where I go in the city everybody's
bringing me night this is my fifth
Portland Oregon magnet ten minutes thank
you maybe I start like a tour wall thank
you look at all these gifts for cane the
kids
I bring coal out there with bags color
stuff alone we got an original Roman
soldier up in here capital take that cap
off with the beauty
what happened
come out come out that's gonna be why
are you looking at me she got it she
brought the silly string this time and I
really said yeah you know she actually
sit ups for knowing cane I feel bad no
pressure there's only a million people
watching you right now you gotta shout
out to Joe and Milan you nystagmus you
were here Oh team Ellen would you say do
you really would you say see the market
for Britain cane oh they're gonna love
this what do you guys want to say you
know are you team Raman or team foo see
I'm trying to figure out who's that's
fine let's see what your mom that you do
smile moron
look at her we're gonna have fun tonight
but usually you guys are making us smile
check this out so I'm rocking the black
vans right yeah see those tiny zones you
have to re-watch that so what you just
won't happen yeah no they were untied as
soon as I shook it they tied Todd yeah
that's a nice technique yeah texting
like 20 minutes to put on my shoe
doesn't matter how cold it is we got the
first peek tank top rocking up in here
you guys may or may not remember me
buying the wrong underwear which then
then men just brought me crazy all of
this
Oh how about your hair oh my god no
these are trick trick candy just
finished our meet and greet which went
absolutely great laid back in Portland
what do you think I did more laid-back
here
they're super late I wasn't expecting
that and their their smile more
so moment I hear team Rowan's a little
thick out here thank good we'll see what
happens during the actual show because I
was the meeting group right pull out
with the win Pablo you want to take this
camera out for the line oh yeah try to
pump him up all right take him out
you ready to do this
piss ball huh you give me love tonight
yeah as a team I'm Alma I'm gonna fight
to my dad oh yeah they all know we're a
team I'm gonna we got one big happy
family out there in the audience tonight
it's gonna be a good night and I just
want to say I'm very grateful and I've
been telling you this every night to be
here with you and no one else it's fun
we're having a blast guys we are
thankful for this shit
I got only down
alright guys we're getting ready to go
on we go getting ready to start so
scared I wish I could show you guys the
entrance it's so they'll see it when
they get to the
yeah I'm ready I'm so nervous
when you touching my mother
what's up guys welcome to Portland
I'm a man whoa we did it show - show -
already done man I want to show you
something we had hiccups tonight right
hiccups we rolling at the punches though
we did we rolled good job that's fun no
matter what it was a lot of fun it was
great it was great that was fun
who won tonight though every night this
is the the teardown thank you guys I got
a room this isn't on stage the gym thank
you so much good job on the ride nearly
as many a little burns that's great
we'll get it we'll get it next time
warping right back to the room guys I
had a good time and that was fun what a
great time we are oh we're going waiting
for food you ordered food he needs
something mad about it you act happy
about being mad if I say it's not junk
yes Caesar salad like you might like a
Caesar salad really after a show I mean
at this time it's it's almost midnight
it's midnight so yeah this is dinner
tonight at midnight salad right here it
looks good man good call man maybe like
I don't have it guys that is it for
today I'm gonna finish my little
midnight salad here start editing get up
early for San Francisco you are our next
City super excited thanks for joining me
on this journey
don't forget how awesome you are you are
one-of-a-kind your beautiful smile more
and then the top is shaved like a buzz
cut and then they line it up you see
these ears dude if I don't have hair
here I've got Dumbo dude
Dumbo challenges having some of this how
