hey guys what is up we are buried in the
driveway trying to get the Los Angeles
this morning and we are stuck so we're
moving luggage getting in the truck good
morning pal we're up before mr. sunshine
is up where's the Sun honey for your
birthday I'm taking it to the sunshine I
can you ready for some sunshine yeah
we're off to the airport guys we're
going to Los Angeles today and yeah we
uh it's been a rough morning I know
probably doesn't seem like it it's a
happy family here happy birthday honey
happy birthday let's get to the sunshine
look at some palm trees hope you guys
are having a good day we're getting out
of this place I'm sorry Ohio we're
getting out of here they can always get
worse
there they are cane you see them
you guys are probably wondering why
didn't you just take the truck in the
first place you want to got stuck well
that's because grandma has never driven
the truck are you are you gonna be all
right
it's a monster truck you know like what
like you just running
cars over on Oh easy yeah you got it
get out of here you're gonna make it see
ya you'll love it
hi oh boy oh boy
she's never she's never driven that
truck she's freaking out we are like
record late right now do we make it what
do you mean 30 minutes three minutes
three minutes okay you better sweet-talk
these ladies all right you do that thing
with your eyes you know the one well
long story short we made our plight
yes that's how you make an entrance
should have the whole place they have a
very
according is not complete if you do not
wish to travel about the yeah they
remembered all the members
is that what you wanna get this is your
birthday present a hundred thousand
ducks what are we gonna do enough oh
this guy's gonna spray our plane off if
you guys never have flown in this kind
of weather enough to get the ice it's
where they spray all the snow and ice
off your plan you see all the snow on
our we Oh
spraying us good thing we got this Widow
oh it's warm it's warm run to the Sun
I've never seen the inside of a baggage
drop look at this
look at that it's on all the wheels
that's pretty cool huh let's go look at
one that's finished and you'll see what
the difference is and this is one that
works
Oh beautiful out here well here we are
guys we made it to LA the famous I don't
know what this is called I've seen it a
million times I still at load it's
called I just think a grand theft auto
when I see it
cane you got to be the best little flyer
I've ever met my life it's so it's so
good no complaints just hung out he's
like our little buddy
I slept two hours and I edited
yesterday's entire vlog on the plan
I don't know how to tell you this but I
got you a little birthday present what
you think it is your birthday but ain't
no Lambo but it's Mama's car you get
with this plus we can put our bags in
here all the inside is different than
Momo's yeah a little bit all right we
got us a car maybe happy birthday all
right guys we're out of the airport we
got ourselves a card now we just need to
get you some birthday cheesecake no
chocolate that's my favorite don't you
want you guys know my weaknesses she's
big
well baby chocolate chip look at this
it's got Oreos in it
kind of broccoli is that do you like it
then try a bigger piece that I'll make
you an even bigger strong it'll be good
dipped in your sauce
I kind of feel guilty knowing that my
entire family is an Ohio shoveling snow
right now no you don't feel get to eat
that you just ratted you out how is it
guys how's Lois birthday cake are you
serious let's get serious why are we in
Los Angeles you guys know I am going on
tour
Roman versucci tour I'm in LA all this
week for rehearsal the tour actually has
this huge rehearsal it's not like a Q&A
show it's a big stage so I'm super
excited Brittany and Kane got to come
out with me which makes this even better
and it all starts tomorrow and I want to
bring you on this crazy journey
you know can't look at these
there's cool let me see them on yeah the
seat on my boy travel on oh you are a
rockstar
give me the rock star oh you are a rock
star you like them look come here they
got red ones so basically what's
happened is we came to LA not realizing
it's 92 degrees here luckily we brought
one pair of shorts for this little guy I
have none why have a pair swim trunks
right I didn't even bring under wraps so
right now we're just trying to find Cain
a couple little summer outfits for this
week
every single day after school watching
full house
only in LA do you consistently run into
things like that red carpet premieres
actors celebrities they're everywhere
all the time
Britney just freaked out I never seen
her freak out like that except when I
come home every day last time I seen her
like that is when I came home alright
guys we are warping into our little
apartment here that we have for the week
come here come join me I'm not ending
the block so we're on eight we're on I
up every time we fly to LA I think I say
this in every vlog we fly to LA we're on
a three-hour time difference so we're
always like why are we so tired it's
because it's actually three hours later
I think you just feel I'm gonna go over
here guys I'm super excited to announce
what you saw that I posted on the main
channel our first ever official trailer
for our movie we've spent two years on
we've we've worked so hard on this thing
and it feels so good to finally give you
something to watch the movie comes out
April 1st April Fool's Day which
couldn't be more perfect it falls on a
Friday like so perfect but this
announcement is about you guys getting
to come watch the movie with me before
April 1st how cool would that be to be
able to watch the movie with the guys in
the movie before April 1st in the top of
this description click on it check it
out we're going on tour I think there's
10 cities around the u.s. hey buddy I
love you 10 cities I believe may be
fewer or lesser around the country you
can come watch the movie with me check
it out top like in this description
check it oh right are you gonna
with me yeah you are I'm so excited you
guys also know Roman vs. fousey tour
kicks off on the 23rd which is like how
many days away Oh with less than a week
a week we're doing a lot guys and that
the movie tour is super exciting because
I get to watch the movie with you and I
get to put you in the vlog maybe
watching a movie I don't know it'll be
crazy I don't know what to expect
they're big theaters though they're big
seat theaters it's not like a regular
movie theater it's like it's big so
please take a second click the top link
in my description and check it out if
we're coming to a city near you I cannot
wait to meet you get a ticket and come
see the movie before it comes out I
gotta go to the store for you you really
need me to go the store it's your
birthday it's your birthday baby I'll do
anything food right now you got a spider
monkey on her hands all right so I got
to go out to get some girly stuff for
Britney I don't think any guy in the
world enjoys doing this but I got to
step up to the plate sometimes here it
is clam juice I think the worst part of
this process is having to call for 810
times to figure out exactly what to get
and this is a natural thing you know
girls they have they have these this is
what they do is this is part of their
life we're fortunate us men are very
fortunate not to have to deal with this
stuff but it's complicated man the
chicks are complicated all right I think
these are the ones she needs right here
now ah I figured while I'm being mr.
romantic I might as well get her a
birthday card too right we've been on
the move we've been traveling so it's
like I love you
I love us a poor little man went down
finally guys that's all I got for you
today I'm super excited to bring you on
this journey this week we are in
rehearsal for a few days and then we hit
the road we're going all the way up for
Seattle on the 23rd and we're coming
down the west coast it's gonna be a lot
of fun I love you guys thanks for all
the support Brittany's gonna jump in and
start vlogging for a couple days to see
how that goes just in case that I'm just
busy doing weird stuff so exciting we
love you guys thanks for everything
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
smile more alright guys I know this vlog
is kind of stunk it's been slow a lot of
me just talking blah blah blah I'm gonna
pull a little prank on it he's probably
really mean but I need to spice things
up she's a good sport she can do
