Bob the Builder can he look at this look
at our building he's here dirty little
things welcome to our house guys all
right all right all right I got a funny
story for that she's not that funny
that's not funny at all wait so we just
left the house we didn't just leave the
house we leaving the house for the
second time we laughed and I said crap I
don't have my camera this camera that
I'm holding in my hand no problem let's
just go back and get the camera we go we
locked ourselves the keys were inside
didn't have a key T in the house so we
had to start calling family members and
find a key go get it go pack get this
camera so I'm glad you guys are with us
it's a super beautiful evening we have
normally we keep these things a surprise
have special guests coming we've always
surprised you never tell you it is we
love seeing you guys make your
assumptions in the comments who you
think it is this time I'm telling you
right now this has been planned for a
little while Monday so Monday
the Dudesons all flying this time the
last time they were here it was absolute
mayhem I think it's some of the funnest
vlogs we'd ever made they were just so
fun and such great guy that unbelievable
guys and there was one miss and this
time everybody's gonna be there
Yuka HP European Oh everybody's coming
it's gonna be mayhem all next week
they're here for the whole week so we
are actually headed up we're actually
gonna prepare a little better this time
for the handout which is what I write
now to be some things
then we should she should we get a
better lock for yeah no I think we need
I like a security staff at our door
actually most of you are always saying
that you really just enjoy the whole
blog than us being at home but if you're
somebody that likes to see us get out
more
that's our last week home for a while
I'm actually going for the ramen busi
tour first five shows and if we come
back shortly and then I'm on tour for my
movie three-week tour for the movies so
things are getting really crazy and
that's huge because I want to take you
on that journey it's gonna be something
different I've never done never
experience we're lined up with
late-night shows super press and it's
crazy so this should be a good memory to
capture
let's go Eskimo Britney's rocking out
one of the new Smuts around this is a
smile more sample yeah we don't actually
have these yet it's a bad year to be in
snow blower business in Ohio I bet these
babies have sat yeah Canadia so what do
we actually come in here for well you
looking at snow stuff that is pretty
cool of slushy snow so why don't we come
in here I honestly don't know no I put
it in your purse I know this is the
problem with stores they have figured
out and mastered a way to get you to buy
everything you didn't come for like
right now batteries I can never have
enough batteries RC cars and cane picks
a bag of Doritos yep
that's it oh those look good yeah they
do this is the whole reason I come in
here freakin cheesecake sample platter
gonna eat it with me heck yeah we are
hey I got the new YouTube challenge you
ready you guys ready for this who can
gain the most weight challenge and it
starts right here oh my gosh yeah that's
the prank we can pull on the Dudesons in
one week you guys gained 20 pounds every
morning the whole counter should just be
this I got my cheesecake I'm good that's
all I need I need it I don't want it I
need it yeah I got it look at the Tim T
Shawn oh my god this is actually a great
place to go for you own a vending
machine because you can come in you can
buy bulk you know like this whole thing
and then fill your vending machine I'm
telling you that because I did that
personally I bought a vending machine
off Craigslist one time put it in my
parents Factory and actually stopped it
and ran all the pots and you know you to
eat them all
they wouldn't even make it to the
machine all right that's a good start so
I don't want to give up all the fun but
a lot of you guys been with me for a
long time and I will say that I owe you
guys a police car explosion if you've
been watching this channel for months
months months and months then you also
know I told you that I would do that
with the Dudesons all the Dudesons are
coming next week Bam Bam Bam
it was pathetic I actually didn't want
to do this but we're walking through
that store and we're looking at all that
food and all that cheesecake all them
snacks it made us hungry so now here we
are ribs potato steak fries steak thanks
yeah we're hungry so we're gonna make
this quick for you guys I'm literally my
mouths watering
I feel like Zeus right now you guys as
dogs do that like you bring he's not
ruling dogs as soon as food comes out
you just autorun alright we're on our
way home yeah so this is me right this
little guy and this is my parachute
upstairs all right no watch that's not
what will happen you're agreeing with
him you are get up on the rail and he'll
just slowly fall look at me this is like
what oh I'm just like Pat me telling me
it's okay you think guys are gonna land
and we don't want to go to hospital my
calculations are correct which I think
they are I'll have to do this grab every
third handle and it might hate it will
create a bubble guaranteed three it's
high from down there it's like oh it's
nothing no it's high like I don't even
want it I don't want to jump without a
parachute that's for sure so here's the
deal guys
I think that if I grab every third
handle it will create like some kind of
suction even here's the deal I don't
think I have enough distance to even
make it open by the time I pull the cord
you know what comes out of my backpack I
don't
you know you gotta help me
nine-one-one I'll dial it on the phone
let's do a practice let's do a practice
wait you go downstairs and film me I'm
just gonna like see if it'll open all
right here you go take this I know it's
coming what do you mean a practice
actually it probably would work like if
you had to jump out of an airplane every
night holding me back so look at zoos
he's like what are you doing what are
you doing you're not going to go through
the couch huh you're not going through
the couch yeah just in case there's a
few pillows on the floor see you're
aiming for that spot right he's
regaining his handles together
oh no what's wrong with my boyfriend
guys he thinks he's some extreme person
that can do anything
forgot this be
there you go yeah
okay ready hi guys I'm climbing the rail
Zeus is like what is he doing just so
dark from back here this is gonna cut
you yeah it's not a pair of shoe just
this is so excited you're still alive I
feel like I should be proud of this
moment this is what I want to do it
again right here watch watch see how see
how he comes down like that like I want
that landing approach like I want to
come in like like I want to come from
here and go around the room and then
land like with a bunch of roses then you
wouldn't be complaining all right last
jump one more jump this is a base jump
right here the base board do without
fish don't break our banister or your
leg okay this one doesn't go okay ready
yeah I feel like if I can just start it
up it would work but it has to around
rail oh wow ready set
I don't even know what to say Oh
felt like an action star that one worked
I think it didn't just slow down
I was like you slow down did the splits
and some cool tricks you climb it on my
landing zone my landing pad yeah here's
the thing here's the deal here's my
opinion on it it would work like you did
honestly Wow
I don't know it's the soft landing but I
was on the couch but when I got that one
ready and I jumped it actually opened up
and I'm holding the handles back to feel
like I've had distance on the rope
I bet I could parachute from that for a
small distance like double this no I
don't know one more one more shot that's
all I get holy feeling behind like 10 or
20 more stories I could be fully open by
like Story 5 and then I could just
probably read a book on the way down
these two are best buddies you're the
two best friends that anyone can have
you the two best friends that anyone
could have Oh
there you have it guys the parachute
works
I did get injured I'm I feel like
without a parachute
I'd be injured right now the parachute
saved my life now I really want to go
we gotta hook it up alright guys hate to
really be jumping around so much on you
today we got a super late start to
today's vlog we're gonna crash it's late
it's late I'm glad I jumped off and
proved that you can parish you inside
your house I guess you did I love you
guys so much we will see you tomorrow
thanks for everything
you're beautiful you're one of a kind
stay positive
smile more hi let's try it again okay
this time I'm gonna go down the hill
has to work hang on Zeus
