oh jeez are you kidding are you kidding
hey guys welcome welcome welcome it's
just me and the boys haha oh you got ate
my finger that's what that's it that's
your pick it is just me and my boys this
morning we are picking out a little bit
of mail you guys no Sunday we usually
try to catch up on fan mail there's a
lot of it this is not close to all of it
look at our basement
that's production right there people
this is a great example of getting the
most out of the space you have right
here look at this are those your picks a
couple of them what is this
that's a goofy box huh what is it
Zeus sniffs all the boxes first make
sure they're okay look at this and he
wanted it all right I want to grab some
boxes jeez he wants it what he thinks is
those are all good those are all good oh
this one concerns me he's actually
I'm doing all the work here I'm gonna go
grab a couple Brittany went out to
breakfast this morning with one of her
girlfriends getting their nails done all
the girly stuff that honestly man the
boys aren't interested in well now what
do we got Zeus come on all right we're
gonna open who wants to start
oh look every need a coin toss yeah coin
toss
all right heads or tails all right if it
lands on heads Noah goes first if it
lands on tails that you ready it's tails
canners goes first Zeus is really into
the mail today swedish fish no those are
daddy's r om en those are for mommy
mommy's not here so technically sorry
for you all right what we got next what
is it what is that I don't know who's
nose to the at words from Ethan I live
in Pennsylvania it's your neighbor man I
am 11 years old and you and your family
put a smile on my face every day you
guys inspire me and bring me up when I
don't feel good that's awesome thank you
so much for being there and don't forget
to smile on this is a spinning smaller
box he obviously made it it's adorable
Ethan thanks dude oh this is the one
Zeus opened yeah okay so no we just
pulled out plants versus zombies I don't
know if anybody even knows Keene plays
that game all day after breakfast he
goes up play
it's a really fun but somebody just sent
us the extra game we already have it
that's true
oh and it's online you guys could play
together yeah well snap here's some
chocolate sweets candy from the UK I
thought you could do a challenge video
of trying our sweets that's a good idea
that's why that chocolates different
this one I feel really bad about we just
opened it up it came all the way from
Norway lots of traveling I don't know
because we just got this man I don't
think that it would happen here but
there's a hole right there and then a
mouse definitely got in and ate the
chocolate it's a bunch of chocolate from
Norway even ate the paper look at this
this is coming in from Theodore all the
way from Norway been watching the vlogs
two years as well when he first got his
iPad this is the first mail I sent you
and I wish you can man I wish your
freaking mouth didn't need all this look
at this well I don't you know this one
since tons of other chocolates and stuff
they get in everything what you shoot a
hole right in and crawled in he's
probably still these are the bad
sprinkles for you or mom definitely mom
what do you got that's pretty cool smell
the sprinkles oh you probably good did I
like that it looks good on you
Zeus your nose get you in so much
trouble boy please send me your photo
with your autograph on the huge fan and
watch your show all the time Derek
Stamper I've never heard that last name
Stamper you like it please put in your
blog look at this jello Melo jello a
little of it okay yep cool lot oh yeah
hey again it's Connor from Buffalo this
is they actually sent us stuff last time
and it was the little the other jello
stock Connor you keep sending us this
cool jelly stuff how about a barrel of
it that we can get inside the jebaited
barrel jello barrel challenge a couple
more real quick and we're gonna keep
moving for the day my name is Victoria
I'm 17 years old from California just
wanna let you know how grateful I am for
all of you because every single day you
remind me to smile more I love that
thank you
what did Victoria send oh it's uh what
is that what is that you know what that
is like when you put in what's it called
oh my gosh it's such a different day do
you know what it is yeah a big CD like
the things that you put I know I know
what it is what's it called I don't
think it's uncommon for a kid your age
not to know what that it is I'm just
asking if you know I don't know what it
is but I don't know what it's called Oh
300 the Roman verse fousey that's cool a
record write it I actually did not
expect you to know what it was oh I love
those let me just say it again you guys
know we're building our first-ever smile
more building right outside it's got
this great giant wall in it every single
one at your art pieces are going on the
wall so we have our own fan wall and oh
my gosh I love them thank you Victoria
packing peanuts equal fun for kids pain
for adults love that you guys are
sending artwork thank you
Zeus are you eat don't eat those is he
eating or no no way why is he eating up
spit it out this is super awesome you
ready for this one Kate look for one
second thing got something stuck you
like it very cool guys thank you thank
you thank you who's this wrong
my name is Jordan I'm 16 years old and
I'm in 10th grade I started watching
your vlogs of July 2015 you're pretty
new to the vlogs act I mean that's a
long time to watch but it's still pretty
new part work is not really my thing but
I thought hey for the Atwoods let me
give it a shot
you did an awesome job I think it's
fantastic whoo somebody says there's a
new chew toy
watching for two years
like the crush is Noah from Emma Smith
oh you are unbelievable dog get out of
the mud come on what is going on in Ohio
it is t-shirt weather I'm gonna teach
her no it was like I'm gonna go put on T
shorts this is a pretty cool spot to
play dude having a big dog can be crazy
guys wait wait
stay having a big dog can be crazy man
even though I just went out late in the
mud good place is falling apart
Zeus is sleeping in the mud that's
what's going on I know what's up
who shot the couch the black shirt yeah
so what are you just dogs out of control
today and a big dog I don't care how
good they are it's harder than a child
I'm not kidding this dog is more
maintenance than a child
let's get uncle day off two minutes you
have two minutes
yeah you got spring actually yeah you
got you don't have those ones tonight
you're making cookies tonight not
sprinkles oh well you get throw sprinkle
on it let's go see what Mr Attwood and
mr. Zeus Atwoods doing there's only one
way to loose Oh
let's get an RC that's faster than he is
that's way faster Oh Zeus pick it up
like jogging now you're not even trying
he can't this thing has like he has no
chance oh he's gone now
like I got it that's how you do it right
there you got a big dog get in our C car
look look at him
mr. hyper isn't so high for anymore I
just gotta get Kate now I just gotta get
Kane to chase it for a little bit
hey dude you ready to chase the truck
Wow things fast that I take the
one-wheel cane who's in our truck who is
that okay let's go just got over Dale's
and somebody it's so muddy all right
it's the tree back flip little monkey
man hey you guys regular in my house we
are warping through a little time Dale
and I just spent I don't know an hour
and a half on stupid website crap that I
don't want to do I hate but part of my
job packing it up I got my stuff muddy
today we're all headed over to my house
if I have room you can ride with me I
don't care
warping back home to our house and Zeus
come here kisses do you like Milo
roadblock hey that's actually for you
kids you can't sleep on the couch
alright guys let me show you what I
actually wanted to do tonight this is
totally ridiculous everyone's gonna want
to kill me but I think it's possible she
won't this thing where you like put
balls on it and yeah well the kids
getting a circle when they pull and I
don't know how it works but here's what
it looks like to me
tell me I couldn't parachute down to the
floor it's huge
juice got all the loops I could tie
ropes all the way around it hook it to
this backpack right hook it to the back
pack and then beep off
okay here's why this is so funny because
tomorrow I'm gonna bring Brittany up
here and convince her I know I can't
parachute with that right I mean it is
big you know big Zeus's look you can
already hear what she's gonna say I'm an
idiot don't do it no way and I'm just
gonna go as far as I can with it just
imagine her coming up tomorrow I'm
sitting on the edge like that so here's
what happened tonight guys Brittany
ended up getting sick like mine Oh baby
you ready for bed aren't you yeah okay
sit down sit yeah good boy that's it
good baby
she ended up getting the same crap that
I had man she's weak she sore she's like
she's dumb she went to bed early came
went to bed so we kind of cut it off
short but I seen this thing she bought
this like I don't know maybe last week
or the week before and the first thing I
hear in my head is I'm gonna parachute
off the hockey I'm actually gonna jump
off tomorrow I really am I'm looking for
this Tamar it's so stupid and I can get
Brittany so fired up with things like
this so I'm excited hopefully she's
feeling better
Zeus is ready for bed come on let's go
guys thank you for the support on
everything hopefully Brittany feels
better tomorrow I think mine was only
one full day down and like a half day so
hopefully she's hopefully she recovers
faster so I guess that's all I got um I
have not come up with a way to give
these controllers away why don't you
guys help me out seriously help me out
we usually do Instagram then everyone's
like I don't have Instagram I use
Facebook and on Facebook and then the
YouTube comments there's so many like
it's I guess it can do a complete
randomizer I don't know give me one more
day on that I'm gonna give them away
no matter
so don't worry about that that's it I'm
gonna shut up
I love you thank you for the support
don't forget how important you are you
are one of a kind people love you don't
forget that man so many people care
about you whether you think so or not
they do smile more guys beautiful
I gotta edit I'm going to bed dude
you can't go to beds is I I want to go
to bill I know your skin
oh that's half the fun you did do it
well
