hey guys welcome to the channel I hope
you're having a fantastic day
got my little buddy here you're gonna
wait right there
okay today is all about creating some
kind of magical adventure with the
family and first of all hand-delivering
tons of smile more merch look at this I
love you
we got one full do you think we can fill
three today three today
oh god you want to hear something crazy
like three years ago we were shipping
1020 t-shirts a week I think and we were
like happy about that it was so crazy it
was so cool now we're doing over five
thousand a week and my mind just can't
handle it like I can't comprehend it and
then you just stick to something and you
live by it and you your passion shows
through you guys know man I think the
difference is when you love to do it you
don't realize it's work so you just do
it when you think of it as work there's
no passion so you're like I'm just gonna
give up I want to quit it's not working
but you're not working when you love it
it's beautiful once you find that
special something that you know you love
you never have to work again it's the
craziest thing I never ever what one of
you to say Romans just bragging Romans a
sprite no I want to use my story to
inspire you to do the same thing or
better be bigger think bigger
here's to alright we didn't do three big
ones today but we filled a baby one two
and a half two and a half dude we got
something so cool in the mail yeah it's
not for us it's for you guys oh I can't
wait let's go we're on the move guys ken
and I are gonna go get our best friend
our best body his brother my son
today we're trying to take a trip and
our favourite truck today we're trying
to take a fun little trip really excited
about just the family my brother his
wife and kids might go and where it's
gonna be a road trip ready for a road
trip
yeah all right we're back home we got
this little box you wanna do the honors
what's up bud
climb your ladder yeah okay these came
in from you guys our friends over m'kay
controller sent us something just for
you and I'm extremely jealous because I
want these we don't we don't even have
any let's see it oh dude that is
ridiculous that's crazy
officially the greatest controller I've
ever seen in my life holy cow these are
I'm not giving these away these are mine
do you like you don't need a shirt it's
so nice guys so here they are a little
gift from MK controllers they have sent
us one in the past but never anything
small or related so these are for you
guys not sure exactly how to give them
away you like it hey it's not yours
oh boy guys it's gonna be hard to
explain this to you know what honestly I
don't think anybody's gonna mind if you
play it a couple times okay you guys
wouldn't care right if you got a
controller that K knees a couple times
go ahead charge it up
oh my gosh you're having nothing okay
where are we going what are we doing
this is gonna be a very quick trip come
on buddy
these balls will be forever in this
house the next owner of this house will
find colorful plastic balls some way
well while you're packed up while you're
packing up
oh hey Brett this is my girlfriend
Brittany hey she gets it yeah she hasn't
been in the blog all day she has been
working full-time is that what you
that's what we're packin yeah all right
well while you get the boring crap I'm
gonna get the fun crap what do I need
cameras oh I know what I'm taking GoPros
laptop charger accessories laptop RC
truck oh you know we're gonna need that
RC truck that's gonna save our life Zeus
it's gonna save our life what do you
think good idea
got everything
probably not that's half the fun
so we gotta grow up fast food we have no
time for slow food I'd like to go sit
down eat something but we on the move
baby okay you know it's gonna be stuff
like that right look I just did it stuck
yeah
road trips are completely different than
they used to be I love road trips level
five and I'm guilty of it I've been on
my phone
90% of this ride already 90% Noah's
jammin out playing his stuff canes back
here doing his thing not a lot of
communicating
they'll wait oh you're good you gotta
keep you up we're just taking a fun
little family trips gonna be great my
brother his wife and kids are actually
gonna come up tomorrow morning also
they're gonna join us which is gonna
make it even fun and I just can't wait
to do this it's your first time doing
what we're doing
pumped Pumped can have some nachos man
yeah
horseback ride a quick little pit stop
Brittany got some snacks would you get
water peanuts hotel stuff hotel snacks
look at our target is that looks good
dirty it's supposed to look like that
that should be the paint job it's just
much yeah had to tie down the suitcase
yes why do you think it's not blown
around back here plastic on plastic
slide action here we go warping through
the hotel I got fruit baby that is cool
beyond 17 I think we are room 225 and
227 connecting rooms
it goes from 224 to 22 to 228 to 26
it totally skips us to 21 - oh how many
at was does it take to find a door yeah
we could just crash in the hallway this
is nice here we are home sweet home
hey you guys can come you guys come
party in my room this is awesome this is
exactly the perfect way to do this so we
got one room with a single bed and then
we got a room connecting what too bad
and euro has the air-conditioned this
room's hot this is great
Wow nice
I thought you had to slide it I was like
who's knocking Brittany was knocking
wearing your plan on the beds they have
a pool yeah no is usually the one you
get out of the pool daddy brought one
so the reason we're up here has nothing
to do with what we're doing right now
there's a swimming pool we brought swim
trunks we're gonna go get wet
we haven't swam for a while oh my god I
didn't come prepared for this you ain't
from around here are you boy a little
boy hot tub I'm down for that right
there
awesome the waters like really warm
vanilla
this is just what we needed her boys
we're not gonna be able to do that thing
tomorrow if you get hurt
Wow
it's not sturdy enough honey
got out
are you our little film guy there you go
show you what it does later tonight okay
you know who can appreciate indoor pools
people that live in Ohio yeah how was
the treadmill that's got an island you
guys see this it's like a sign from
above our room number has an
advertisement for fireworks on it you
put it on the outside of your door and
people don't know that boys outgrowing
you straight up guys are gonna throw
some love to one of our sponsors you
know once a month I shout out
audible.com you guys hear me talk about
it all the time actually we've been
talking about them for a long time they
are back yeah audibles back with a new
deal for you guys if you're not a big
fan of reading like myself you can just
listen to the books you guys have so
many online books all your favorites
just just go to the site and check it
out they're giving you 30 days free
audible.com forward-slash Roman my name
that's it
30 days free I don't know what more you
could possibly ask for it if you want to
listen to a book on a treadmill on a
plane on a boat skydiving scuba diving
waterproof headphones they make them
understand yeah see ya guys they got the
hook up for you I know a lot of you guys
can even listen to books now in school
yeah they have to read books in school I
you can listen I might have actually
made it through school if I can listen
to everything yeah kidding me no future
so listen what's going on in this room
as always guys I'll put the links in the
description just check it out
I mean it's it's literally free check it
out I'm sure you're gonna love it it's
going on any really you brought your RC
why did you bring your RC
it's got so much power until an
attraction the crowd everything stick it
down the hallway
no it's lose kid is that all right guys
the party's over we're gonna call it a
night I have to edit we got to get up
early and go do some fun stuff tomorrow
he's like I ain't going to bed good luck
with that get fun at the pool all right
yeah we did
everyone's own into electronic mode I
got to uh I had a cranked out this vlog
for you we love you thanks for coming
along with us we didn't it wasn't much
of a road trips like an hour and 15 it's
okay
but time we got comfortable it was like
time to get out the only question I got
for you today is what do you think we're
doing tomorrow what do you think it is
it's not skydiving I know you guys are
waiting on it and it's happening but
it's winter time so we got to travel it
is happening we love you we will see you
tomorrow don't forget how awesome you
are you got film for us yeah we got the
perfect skylight yeah this is gonna be
great all right good racing
