hey guys welcome to the madhouse what is
going on everyone's hustling man we're
getting concrete today
our house is crazy right now hope you
guys are having a great day we are ah
hey hey pretty girl oh well Keener's
asleep we are actually on the way to
take you to his doctors he has had he
had a little bit of a fever last night
not too big of a deal but he's had this
cloth for like three weeks pretty
consistent cough last night that's the
one the one last night none of us could
sleep he coughed all night all night we
were up all night so we're doing our
duties our parental parental duties
today
I feel fine
are you talking about him you ready
little buddy yeah we'll get you better
34.6 3000 that's why I can barely live -
Zeus is a hundred and twenty pounds yeah
so you're 34 this is a hundred and
twenty our little man is healthy just
got a tip for her what'd she say what's
wrong with him he's got a post-nasal
it's not a bacteria nothing bacteria or
he's good he's gonna be all right
we stopped and got some pure 100%
carrots this is liquid carrots and it's
delicious I love it
yeah you tricked me back home hey Suze
hey baby
well well well what do we have here
first game you thought I could just
leave the house first game you'd show up
here to play pinball hey I think you're
just a pine just in time look I told
King open my table he's been working on
it you did all that dude you got to pull
hard
well you got a fork that's your tool let
me just show you what's going on right
now I'm literally updating the vlogs on
this computer updating the smile Moore
store on this computer is playing bimbo
goes into my room gets my fan because
he's hot did you just work in two Arthur
you know your fish tank needs
maintenance that's what he said
mom I was hustling you you guys she
washes my underwear leave this thank you
my father ever since I took grand champ
it's really eating that it's really
good to you it's killing me can't be
pinball taught you got to go back to
fish tank top man tank looks great by
the way this is all Todd I don't touch
it he does everything when he's not
playing him boy we used to be so happy
to get a number three spot now look how
upset he is I'm sweating Ricky wait I'm
sweating
look at her that's my swore Todd's it oh
my gosh and you're Leon pull Brett oh
you're less than a hundred and fifty or
one hundred and seventy thousand away do
you think that I could do this on two
balls yeah yeah an extra ball I'm not
turning this off dude so happy over
there that I made Brittany fill me at
$6.99 I'm filming you at nine hundred
thousand I know the camera adds pressure
Brittany's hoping so bad Todd doesn't
beat me so I actually don't play if you
activate the quarter slots I'm screwed
I'll be collecting change
I need corners it's like I'm rooting for
you but I'm also worried I'm sorry I'm
sorry dude I'm always rooting for you
but I'm so happy you didn't beat me
that's the first time you broke a mil
that's a
are you scaring the fish I think you are
before it gets too late I got to show
you why I bought a trampoline yesterday
I seen you guys why would I buy a little
trampoline why why do I need that
I always need weird things so here we go
I need a builder buddy can you help me
let's do it oh this is too complicated
all right you start opening all those
pipes okay here you open all this here
we are trying to build a mini trampoline
got my little helper B you got it we got
the frame bill even Britney had to step
in because this thing is JA had to tape
every single link together actually I
just look for excuses use my tape now we
need that let's do it alright guys if I
would have had a camera on me filming
that you would have seen a side of me
you've never seen me for I was ready to
throw it straight into that dumpster oh
the wood spoon trick 4-minute four more
minutes four more minutes on dinner and
then Britney and I have to tell you guys
something I don't really know how to say
it so we're gonna add four more minutes
and then we're gonna talk to show huh
really okay so we've been trying to
figure out how to tell you guys this and
I don't know it's so weird we didn't
know how to bring it up because you guys
are like a part of everything we do but
we didn't tell you that you guys know
the last week or the week before Cain
wanted a cat right kitty kitty we got
him a cat and we didn't know how to vlog
him because he is the thing is wild like
it is wild
Zeus almost ate it twice we are gonna
tonight just as an experiment I'm gonna
set up the camera it hates literally
hates the Christmas tree like every time
it comes out here it just wants to touch
the Christmas tree like we're gonna set
up a camera I'm just gonna set up a
camera we're gonna leave the room we're
gonna go in the bedroom for like 10
minutes and just see what happens let's
do it
all right guys I got a couple camels
this is camera 1 and this is camera 2
did I told you that cat was crazy that
cats crazy guys are you and why would
you leave a trampoline out you you knew
that a trampoline was a bad idea I told
you not to even get that thing I just
wanted it so bad just fitness journey
what are we gonna name that cat Wow Wow
okay I cannot wait to see what that
looked like god that's through hole
reason I bought the trampoline obviously
and the reason the tree is still on
here's the truth behind this entire
thing let me just spill it I tried for
over a month right to get a mascot I
wanted a full cat mascot like a legit
cat like that I could jump into the tree
nobody has them you can special-order
them they're like $1500 all the mascot
places have none to rent I seriously
could not get one so I settled with the
little tiger suit that I bought in LA
with Kane forever ago so almost February
it's almost February our tree still up
it was all because I wanted to do this
since Christmas I know it's so dumb I
get these ideas in my head I can't stop
I think it's fine a lot it's fun I
enjoyed every second of it did you like
Ariana Zeus chased me like a cat like a
real cat our house looks empty
whoo who remembers there's even a
speaker back here I completely forgot
that's been there the whole time now
somehow somehow out of all that Kane
managed to go in and go to sleep he
doesn't feel good
he had like a low fever we keep going
and checking on them check him out
he's passed out he's out I hate to say
this but my throat's swollen my sinuses
are plugged you bright hear it I can
hear like you know you can hear yourself
out of you here sometimes it's like
muffled guys I hope you enjoyed the
little cat tree takedown it was
something fun I wanted to do for you I
probably was so stupid honestly but
somehow that's that's me like I do
stupid stuff all the time and something
like that I feel like anybody else would
have been like either one well I can't
find a suit so I'm not gonna do it or
two after a month you'd be like no that
idea was stupid I'm not gonna do it but
I'm like God let's do it that's that I
still had to do it that's right and
Britt's always just like whatever you
want we love you guys thanks for hanging
out we are gonna call it I think this
might happen tonight we might watch a
movie together you guys sold out the
bright bugs again I don't know what to
say I had a question for you guys days
driving me nuts here's the question
today and I'm being serious like don't
smile when I say this should we keep the
cat you guys tell me in the comments
should we keep the cat I think like he's
good for the vlogs because you never
know what we'll catch I love you guys
we'll see you tomorrow smile more you're
beautiful you're one of a kind like that
there's something about when you friggin
part look you're on top of that car oh
don't go any further I'm so far away
