what is up guys I am look at this I am
in a doctor's office and I'm gonna be
honest with you I don't want to be here
I hate this stuff
but I'm getting to that age where it's
good to have checkups man it can't hurt
to know that you're healthy or unhealthy
so I'm just here bloodwork physical just
the typical like hey you're dying or not
dying stuff I'm here
here's Brittany and Kane they're out
there waiting in the truck they're
actually eating out there I hope you
guys are having such a good day I know
this is a weird spot to start the vlog
but I couldn't snap out of it this
morning I was like Ã¬yeah blog so now I
can blog and there's this camera right
here and they're probably watching me
like what is this kids problem what is
this dude doing so this is an official
wait let's see what I am what do you
guys think how much do you think I would
go for it you can tell that's what this
shoes is 140 pounds is pretty bad oh
here we go height I'll tell you guys
think I am with shoes Missa pot shows
like it like what I got a move what do
you mean five foot eight with shoes I'm
everything that's going on that's crazy
I thought I was taller than flat footing
I would have guessed five nine at least
this is terrible okay so oxygen levels
are good somehow I don't know how they
test that she just put her ear up to her
mouth and we're gonna do your blood
pressure raise your arm it's already
blue purple black you some of these
things in your kid the ones in the store
yeah they didn't really squeeze you I'm
just a baby you've got 120 over 60 so
say you have a nervous look like you
don't wanna tell me that like a 16 year
old she says all right healthy so far
guys you're doing good
this is the part where they leave you in
here alone and you just wait what do you
do for a living that's like the most
common like when you fill them out those
papers or anything you do in life
they're like what do you do for living
your occupation uh-huh that question
still gets me at what do I do for a
living I'm a blogger well most companies
don't know what that is I do YouTube for
a living you make money on YouTube how
do you explain to people what I do for a
living it's really it's like an it's
even though it's been around for a while
now it's still new especially here in
Ohio what youtubers aren't that popular
in Ohio
all right guys now we wait hey thanks
for waiting he's not here an hour why I
was pacing in there a little bit so Rose
are you playing in the cabinet are you
doing
warping back home King had a little bit
of arts and crafts time and when I say
arts and crafts I mean used an entire
bottle of Elmer's glue and why wouldn't
he I mean that's a dream come true come
out of the top I couldn't fix the tapas
yeah I think you did a great yeah this
is probably one of the greatest pain I
think if you sign this we could we could
we could make some money buddy you want
to go into business with me dude you can
hang it up I'd be more than happy to
hang it up just gotta make a phone call
I am about to ask you guys a huge favor
we actually because of you I seen it on
Twitter
everybody was tweeting just voted to be
just voted for you for a shorty award I
have never I don't think I've ever been
nominated for this and it's user vote
huh freaking awesome is is wait
see both be aware of the wrath of roman
atwood since creating his prank channel
in 2009 nearly all of his pranks have
gone viral regularly ranking up millions
of views his most popular of the year
had him turning his house into a ball
pit probably yeah so guys you you this
is the first time i've ever been
anywhere near winning award with your
votes and I know how freaking powerful
you guys are that's why I'm asking for
your help because you determine whether
I win or not that is a fact like I'm not
gonna win without you so I don't want to
ask for too much but I'm gonna leave the
link to vote for me in the top of this
description if you can take not even a
minute I guarantee it doesn't even take
a minute hit the link hit vote oh my
gosh everybody votes on Twitter I'll do
a following spree like I will follow you
please go vote for me I think this is
awesome I think I actually have a chance
there's a lot of great people nominated
but I think I actually have a chance on
this should I vote for you using your
Facebook I'm gonna use my mom's account
on my huge my brother's account
everybody you count thank you guys in
advance I know you guys are gonna smash
this if you put on Twitter gives you a
plus one so two votes once per day will
count an extra vote each time you share
it on Facebook or Twitter so you guys
can vote every single day that's gonna
be tough how long how long wins the
awards cane are you gonna vote for me ah
dang it
we are gonna rip open one of these our
C's Traxxas hooked us up with yesterday
and maybe make a little stop course we
think stop course might as well do stop
anyways oh my gosh I don't know how I
decide that I'm film I hope I did we are
gonna do something awesome I just
thought of it right now I think my
brother's gonna come over which means
we're gonna get creative Kane show them
what you were doing since there is no
snow outside we've been making the best
out of our raft that we got we haven't
got to use it yet
Kane has personally Noah taught him how
to make a slide out of it so now it's a
now it's a sled what are they gonna do
we're about to turn this place into a
playground sorry Fred
great I'm leaving I'll come back after
you clean it up girls can play too so if
you guys watch yesterday's vlog you know
that Traxxas sent us a bunch of RC cars
this one just makes sense to have in the
house right Brett like this crazy coarse
cardboard is probably gonna suck so I
called my brother he's here and they
sent us two of these one black and one
blue so why do one when we can do two
I like the game plan I've got some ideas
I said let's build a cardboard because
you guys know we have all the cardboard
from the store we cut it up we make
ramps all over the house and Dale said
what about a loop-de-loop and I
immediately said yes let's do that
loofa so let's loop-de-loop it do we
make a runway here into a loop or do we
drop off the counter into a Oh cuz we
have to paint a track on the floor on
the floor
yeah Beit washes off
it's indoor paint marker danger
extremely flammable you'll have that
it's part of the game flash fire the
kids were also it's fine yeah all right
skip past a little bit of boring stuff
we went downstairs got a ton of
cardboard we're gonna cut it all up and
try to make the loop just cardboard
we're gonna do it that's right so we are
now drawing our predictions on how we
think this is gonna go and I think I got
I mean I think I got that well you know
I don't I don't know if I got it right
take a look at this see we got off the
counter starting down the counter
loop-d-loop
off the ramp and then backflip with
sheer momentum and driving skills what
is this
that's the loop-de-loop got it all right
similar idea almost almost identical
I've got the the counter start we drop
cardboard off the counter here we begin
to go down loop and then you have to
land on the couch right I've upped this
game personnel laying behind the ramp
that the car goes over right there see
him smiling brand new ramp so we're now
taping together all the smile more
Fryeburg boxes into one runway so we can
try to loop it I think it's a great idea
I don't know
coming along nicely it's sweet
okay we're getting somewhere I don't
know where I we got to bend it all up so
it makes the circles right now it's a
wall we can successfully say that our
first attempt is failing only because
this dag on coat right there's clothing
wraps not strong enough install design a
big enough we're gonna attempt to run a
rope up to the balcony down around the
loop to support it and pull the center
of the loop up it's perfect
what do you mean dinner and smoothie
break ha this is perfect Brett made the
kids these are like out of this world
prison plates I don't know what's going
on Pizza pepperonis jell-o and yogurt
frozen oranges look at these by the way
a blood orange these are called blood
oranges and they're kind of gross
looking yeah we're definitely getting
sore but it's starting to look like a
puppeteer we have strings all over the
house here we are getting quite the loop
though yeah that's it that's the spot
like tighter yeah right there that's it
ladies and gentlemen you are about to
witness the first smile more cardboard
loop ever created in my living room look
at this it's not bad I mean it's it's
jacked up but it's really actually
pretty loopy oh we should seal this
corner yeah we should yeah got the
GoPros ready got one over here we got
the floppy crowd alright I think we're
just about ready this is taking a really
this is taking a really long time to get
ready we couldn't forgot to reverse the
controls we finally did
now we're ready to hit the loop first
try your daddy yeah
this would be our first attempt at the
loop I haven't even I have anymore done
alright you boys ready no pressure
alright let's do this Blue team burst
Black team up for coin so you guys first
oh I like the idea let's do it let's
wait until you lose ha ha hey girls
always tales you go first
heads all right here we go
no warm-up whatsoever here we go dang
more speed more speed for sure dang
it looks so good let's go to the slow-mo
camp one more we're going to you you
almost got it all right I'm convinced it
can't happen I have not successfully
went around the loop then and they all
hasn't even got it like practice so here
we go I so strum them no you didn't
break it
steer hell baby you're good
you guys want helmets oh it's so junky
okay you're going you got this
you're all the way from here dude you
had it but the goal is to hit the ramp
this junky frickin ramp no I think it's
your rope that's it now that's that's
why it got snagged hey let's take the
take the rope no you had it so perfect
this is a perfect example what you can
do with cardboard is fun what you think
see now it's not a bad idea right okay
Dale is preferring to stand on the back
side of the ramp which I haven't tried
yet if you would call this around here
we go Oh a little pillow we're finding
all the weak we're finding all the spots
that the truck hits every time yeah
maybe maybe there's pillow just gonna
wipe you out the rad reference she hit
the floor let the Aussie hit the Frog
oh you caught you a baby giraffe close
think I think you're gonna have to stand
over here yep but when you're in the
ramp you can't see we need to go POV
with goggles you can go right up with
goggles so far I don't know I feel like
you made it around once but you didn't
make it alright although it looks like
you hit the loop half lock it's the walk
of shame going to pick it up wah wah oh
that was close Oh
a little Haggard
oh so far I feel like we've got maybe
one half job we need a good solid loop
and ramp to complete this night there's
only a million people watching you were
on it it looks legit from here looks
like it looks like a real loop real poop
loop my knees and gentlemen is Romans
turn let's see it aunty ladies ha ha ha
ha crew is hard at work read body in the
frame there are no more excuses Wells
there are no more excuses left your as
the racers get ready it comes down he
goes for the barrel roll duct tape
curtains are holding strong don't steer
I say man I was first try right there
yeah we did it I was sweet we did the
loop now it's homemade loop the living
room loop that's what we're gonna call I
think we're gonna keep it yeah we're
gonna keep it since it was so easy to do
the loop de loop we just did it like
that we're bored now so we're gonna
modify it and just make it one
continuous loop so it just goes like
this who can do the most loops we'll
have a whole panel of judges counting
loops or maybe you guys can help count
for us if we can do this at all - Dale's
bright idea is to turn this into one
solid loop making it countable to make
loops one two broken truck the loop
officially lost our minds Dale is going
when I hit record I I don't even want to
stand by it these things get there we go
start straight I think I need this yeah
yeah all right oh my
this is not sanctioned according to the
race rules it's so wobbly wobbly wobbly
wop it's coming out of here so let me
trim it no I think your the way you're
throwing it just go from there I think
it's got it that's it yeah dude that's
gonna hold it in there all right all
right here we go this is it
you got your blocker you're ready that's
it that's it we're just gonna destroy it
that is so dumb yo I got it we cut a
hole here and you have to come down the
ramp and enter the loop okay it's a
one-way flap you knock it open and then
it shuts once again the loop was too
easy and we are now cutting a flat
you'll come down the ramp enter the flap
do the loop and this will shut for
continuous loose that's it I just want
that thing to do it is working now
yes yeah and one I think that is gonna
wrap up our living room loop for tonight
what a fun time thanks for joining you
want to drive you've been patiently
waiting but you have a surprise for me
just wait
Brittany's been in my office the entire
time that is true you can see my desk
alright guys thanks for joining in I
know it got late yeah be gone little
little dudes but that took way longer
than we thought it got late its hold
down to just take the kids and go I will
clean this up totally fun guys a little
bit of string cardboard tape RC cars
boom and a really cool brother and some
really fun kids and the girlfriend puts
up with my crap and while she's putting
up with my crap she's cleaning my office
the entire night what is that oh my gosh
moved in my dad gave me this I really
hate to see it go man I really hate the
things we've done inside this house is
absolutely unbelievable so just drop it
that's not yours you see that lucky
gaming mommy ridiculous like Zeus now
horse head
Cheng's aha
all right guys I genuinely hope you
enjoyed today's vlog we had a lot of fun
it got later than I expected the loop
actually took a ridiculously long time I
did not think it would take that long so
I'm cutting the vlog off I gotta go I
gotta edit all this footage and get the
GoPro footage in and get up really early
so making a little bit of excuses here
but I got a run tonight it's already
really late is he asleep
you got the boy to sleep holy cow mom of
the Year award that boy stuff sometimes
guys I'm asking for a big favor go at
the top of my description right below
and click on it and vote for us vote for
me to win YouTube's comedian of the year
it's crazy that I'm even in that
category so please anything you can do
if 1 minute 30 seconds however long it
takes and apparently you get two votes
if you post it on Twitter per day yeah
so you guys didn't do it as much as you
possibly can it would help me out a lot
and so just look at that eye booger you
need your eye drops hope you enjoyed the
the living room loop we will see you
tomorrow thanks for everything you are
awesome you are one-of-a-kind
whoa he's like sliding I feel like I'm
about to rob this place Yeah right
taking this place down all right so it
might be a little difficult to film in
here
