are you taking pictures of us oh that's
a good picture guess what guess what I'm
coming home Mido we're coming to get you
a little did throw this up guys we are
running out of st. Louis right now we're
headed to the airport it was a quick
trip to the city st. Louis is beautiful
I actually fell in love with the city
people are awesome Kane I love you I'll
see I'll show you when I get home okay
it's not for extra anxiety we're running
late now we're not late
final goodbyes to this beautiful city I
love it here I feel like I'm home like
people are awesome here sure you don't
go to the pool I do want to get no pool
so we are out I'm gonna try to vlog a
little more than usual on our travel
blogs today because I know I'm gonna get
home and be like crap I didn't film
anything so let's go a little raw today
let's just go raw we're taking our smile
more chocolate that they made us we put
it in a bagging we're taking it for Kane
cuz he really wants it I showed it to
hopefully it makes it in one piece I
don't know hey I'm gonna take your note
I was thinking about it forever hello
hello how are you this was a really fun
trip but like all trips they got to come
to an end we're we are headed back I
miss my kids man you have kids six kids
woo you've been working you've been put
in overtime
I love traveling I love flying I love
being on planes like I'm comfortable I
sleep good but what I hate is security
going through security
it's so tedious and time-consuming you
got to take off your shoes you got to
get a free massage here's that free
massage she's been one deep-tissue
Brittney literally just reminded me we
didn't get magnets in st. Louis so good
call up what's wrong oh that is cool I
don't know I can't decide I kinda like
this little gold one just case there's
anyone new to the channel we collect a
magnet every city we go to and then we
hang it on a board so this is a new one
we haven't been here
- two times to the airport this week not
running late we're actually on time -
chill we can get a bite to eat this
makes life so much easier that's exactly
the only reason we're here is because
the hotel kicked us out for checkout
time they didn't have what we wanted
actually they had like three things on
their menu
one of which sounded good with pretzels
want pretzels
I think Brittany and I could live on
pretzels and cheese like that's one of
our favorite things in the world just
warm pretzels salted with cheese we
could eat at the candy shop let you lick
my lollipop perfect thank you
all right keep Nicky we gotta have a
fool me because anybody else in the
world cut up their salad like Brittany
does she literally cuts it in the lines
killing something here what are these
enchiladas chicken a good evening fueled
up my so much energy on a plane now that
we're done eating it's time to get
something healthy what in the world why
do we have this many choices Oh
Claire you imagine what Cain would do
with that like just leave him in a room
put a GoPro on and see what happens no
he's kicking us out all right what did
we walk out of there with reasons
chocolate-caramel sprees the heck is
that you guys know I love coconut so I
found this 60% chocolate cocoa covered
and let me try this again this is
coconut pineapple covered in chocolate
that's exactly what it is
okay they're really good yeah Brittany
got growling Momo some loose chocolates
she's gonna love it
so it probably seems like we're just
like warping right onto our plane we've
been sitting here for three hours if you
watch our snapchat from yesterday look
today it is so a little crazy
there's fun huh
I'd fun with you yeah I'm literally
lucky I get to travel with my best
friend Oh too bad he's not here right
now all right let's get home
I've never showed up at an airport I've
never shown up at the airport in our
cars waiting out front that has never
ever happen what's up I don't know son
yelling my name there just like nobody
on here though it's a ghost all right
we're back baby
almost home I'm gonna go hug Kane so
tight but I might pop his little head
off I know it's really late it's almost
11 p.m. but we're home that's what feels
good it's a fun trip man it's such a fun
trip you know what I'm really bad at and
I learned today is that I'm bad at
vlogging these airplane videos like
where I have to travel on a plane I'm
not good at ease there's nothing he'll
just tell me I'm good at it that'll keep
me that'll keep me going for one more
high keen oh just fell asleep where's my
lightning buddy is my lightning buddy
asleep Kane I think you got bigger dude
look how big you are
wakey-wakey it's only midnight Zeus is
still ready to go oh just a little
I'll even lay right here so you don't
you have to move you can slide on over
to Daddy
I'm never letting go we got you a little
something something
let's see what we got in this magic bag
we got some Saint Louis you think that's
funny boy we got some chocolates Oh rich
milk you chocolate king oh we got you
trash got you a receipt mommy got you a
wall charger for your iPod so you can
plug it in beside your bed and charge
your iPod so I have to say it's dead you
can't FaceTime this because it's dead in
your walk from little buddy
and hey we got you and Noah magnets too
from the city we ran yeah push your ball
go get your ball get your ball that's a
boy come here drop it
good boy drop it chocolate - this is
s'more it was at that it was in our
hotel room we still don't know how it
got there no I don't know somebody the
hotel knew us everybody in st. Louis
treated us so unbelievable like it was
just such a warm feeling place I loved
it I was so happy with st. Louis so
we're back you know hi oh you got a
little snow didn't we we just need a
bunch so we can get our new toy out you
already got your goggles ready I like to
see that you have um home
did you miss home it's hot everybody
I bet they miss you little monster Oh
all right guys gotta run out and get
grandma out of the driveway I got four
windows we love you thanks for coming to
st. Louis with us if you took anything
from this trip get up do something fun
Brittany and I have never just jumped on
a plane to go see a band and it was
awesome like it was really fun there's a
nice little getaway and man it always
feels good to get back to you we will
see you tomorrow guys thanks for all the
love the support don't forget you are
one-of-a-kind
we were truly amazing great freaking
show by the way thank you it's the only
thing to do after shows I'm gonna show
her
