hey guys before this vlog gets started I
just want to tell you that there is an
announcement at the end of this vlog
it's something that I've kept a complete
secret I have not hyped it up at all I'm
just very excited to share it with you
guys and it's officially happening so
you can sit back enjoy this video or you
can just skip right to the end I love
you guys
hey hey my friends hey hey my friends it
is absolutely beautiful I'll say we
finally got a little bit of snow we are
playing it no we ain't gonna plan it
you're not allowed to play in it you
know there's no fun in this house is a
no-fun zone
we got the breakfast going sausage eggs
you know the drill you want to open them
alright check this out guys so I got a
couple new shoes today you guys know I'm
a big shoe collect no I don't collect
any shoes I literally wear one pair of
shoes this pair is crazy I don't know
what to expect
oh my gosh so this is dented like dented
metal I don't know do you like though
what do you think of these cane would
you wear them yeah um actually it's hard
to get on camera what color they
actually are because her pajamas are
making them pink and since it's now
winter and snow yeah I found some like
serious converse boot shoes they like
them I actually kind of like this they
look big though my feet that big yes so
these are for something that I'm about
to announce holy cow after announce that
today you got it you can do it just
don't touch the pan is hot Kane's been
working on his egg cracking skills let's
see it
put your thumbs push your thumbs into
that yeah I think there was two yolks in
there I'm sure you can figure out what
we're gonna do we're gonna pound down
some breakfast oh you have throw
snowballs at me we're gonna go play in
the snow we finally got a little bit to
play no not just ice on the deck he's
loving it he needs your help I think you
got it in his clothes oh who is pounding
right now see the trees he just he just
keeps going in and out well it is crazy
let me see he looks like a rock star
young fuzz this holy moly here we go you
ready doing some fun sledding up the old
Suzuki out I've had this thing for like
ten years
come on buddy hop on it's way faster
you lose your glove maybe it's still
connected to the port it is you ready to
try it all right let's give Cain a try
are you ready you gotta give me five I
see you boy let's go
all right it's pretty ridiculously hard
to film out there but we're all froze we
all came in whoa and I'm the one I'm the
ATV pie like aunt filming I was trying
to film on you it's difficult got some
hot chocolate
you like my boots yeah so uh pinball
Todd's here what's up dude I'm starting
to think that our friendship has nothing
even fishtank anymore
you see that right there that's got to
be that plus has he still has you need
to put that highest score on the pinball
machine and he still refuses to stop I
can't meet it he has four hundred and
seven thousand i have three hundred and
ninety five thousand i don't know if i
ever showed you guys this but this coral
is my newest coral that's the one Todd
gave me for Christmas and I love it
you're killing it every time Mike comes
over he already has the ice for now he's
killing it again he might actually beat
his war I think he's got oh he's already
way over we were supposed to leave
literally an hour ago you're still
playing VIN but we're waiting on him
he's taking us somewhere do you know
you're only on ball three did red shot
then you're killing it
576 what's the top 600,000 oh no no 600
grand Jim there's gonna be a fight he's
sweating did you start anybody's game
this is Zeus's beat not my house you now
have the high score twenty minutes later
here we go
this is it guys you got to put it up
there so nobody can reach it no not
attainable it really seems nobody's had
this war this is just a good freakin job
dude there might not be vlogs for the
next week cuz I now I gotta sit here oh
wait it's not that it's bad when he
beats the sports that he texts me all
night how good he's sleeping and how
good he feels there we go now you
probably a lot of scores to put in what
do you mean a lot
I've never heard that I am the most
powerful at this game what a good day
719 maybe oh dude that probably stands
up there with that is so nice it was
good
by Zeus you'd be good hey he's gonna
sleep all over my couch look at that
face that's a couch face right there
you guys sleep on my couch so we are
right Cain are you staying awake you are
good job we are headed over Todd's
taking us to go pick up our truck the
Grand Champion is taking us to go get
our cheer oh hush man so we didn't have
to drive two separate cars tonight
appreciate it I mean it's the least you
can do after that beating like I said
it's a small price to pay
we're never gonna hear the end of it
well there's our truck she's got her new
face she's got a facelift oh that looks
nice
I'm ready to Baja this thing no little
rabbit
I gotta go look at it oh that is sweet
we got some ramps built in the back all
right what do you guys think I think
that's a nice addition right there you
know what I really like about it there's
no room for a front license plate I love
that what do you think you like the
truck I think you gonna run too hot over
now that is a beautiful Ohio sunset
here's a little secret though the window
tint makes it look better so here it is
what the wood does down that trucks
adorable grand champ
I got a few kaanum after that pinball
destruction here's the beautiful sunset
oh it's still nice it's still nice but
look how nice it looks with this
it's like it's like a filter all right
fine bye Noah we love you buddy he's so
sleepy I love you dude call me bye you
thought I was gonna leave you I would
never leave you sleepyhead he just
passed out now you're definitely gonna
be up all night we are going to the
Japanese Steak House Kane has asked us
to bring him here for what a month so
here we are mr. funny thing is Kane
wanted to come here so bad but he
doesn't eat any of the food he only
wants
that's all he cares about you should put
the sauce on it do you like it you do no
way you don't like
you put any on there you like it yeah
still eating laughs good job mr.
chopstick man gains first time using
chopsticks oh he just wants to feed you
let's show them out you can you feel it
what's up he's professional now yeah the
ladies in the back made of our custom
chops they're rubber bands and paper
it's like a receipt maybe it's treasure
map
okay so they gave him the ones with the
rubberband and then they said after you
practice those you can use real ones now
he needs trying Thrones but what does he
what he's doing what did daddy teach you
to do hi bratty kaya or anybody that
don't know how to use chopsticks
joette show what daddy taught you how to
pick it up
out of there our stomachs are full
there's tons of snow hey I think
Clifford looks pretty be a run you guys
over I can't eat ice cream I sure can't
really he didn't really give you an ice
cream okay I'll take you guys okay
before we take off we got the new grill
not the grill the bumper it has a giant
LED bar this is the trucks lights right
there right there this is the new LED
bar where is it this is the new LED bar
it's like a solid beam of life I cannot
wait until I have road rage so bad let's
go get some snow cone max I can make you
guys snow cones we don't even have to go
get ice cream for some reason we're
going to get ice cream I cannot eat
honestly stuff from that food maybe they
have a cheap maybe they have a
cheesecake to go
they have how are you getting the same
thing you only want the gummy bears
you got a fight for him you got to dig
him out with your shovel there go today
after we ate was to take Caine to get
his haircut finally because he starting
to look really rough and like his
parents and it's so nice and bright
he wants lightning bolts in the side of
his head and you guys know my barber
Johan who'd he really does like it's
like you said nowhere he's my god John
you guys know John who does smile more
and he did the lizard on my head he's
gonna do it tomorrow so Kane
you promised me you're gonna go tomorrow
you pranky Brahmas so instead of doing
it tonight we're gonna go get the cool
cut he wants a full mohawk and a
lightning bolt
that's all he keeps saying all right
guys so here is it is time for this
announcement I have it's been really
hard to keep a secret and I haven't
wanted to hype it just in case it fell
through like a lot of projects do this
is happening and we are announcing a
world tour I'm not kidding this is a
world tour this is the tour is actually
called Roman first fousey and it's it's
going to be a very large-scale show and
you know after we did our toy drive we
realized how awesome it would be to and
we've been working on this a long time
but it wasn't until that toy drive that
I was like this is gonna work like we're
gonna get to meet you guys we're gonna
get to travel and see you guys and I
know this has been requested a million
times in the comments when are you come
into my city
when are you guys gonna come hang out
with us winning you know when are you
gonna make it to Michigan you know just
random places so that is the
announcement and tickets go on sale
Friday for the first five shows we're
only announcing five shows up front this
is done for a lot of reasons but
logistically we're announcing five shows
first they're available right now in the
website below I think it's ramen first
fousey calm but I'll leave it in the top
of this description our Friday the
tickets go on sale Friday morning I will
let you guys know the second they go on
sale on Twitter
maybe sniff snapchat something I will
post they're on sale now because I know
they're gonna sell out instantly
probably with less than an hour I that
yeah that's a lot of pressure
who sees Rob rose
that's a lot of pressure I shouldn't say
that I'm just gonna take a week to fill
out so that is the announcement guys big
tour finally I think it's way overdue so
we'll be able to come to your city and
see the cool thing about the website I
think that you're able to put in where
we should go
so every city is not done I think it's
35 total cities no I think it's 30 after
you can see how much I know about this
so I believe there's a place so go
choose your city because that really
does determine however many but it is
really working off that so I love you
guys
I'll post the website now in the
description and then Friday morning
tickets one sale and hopefully I can get
you guys a better time so you can grab
them tickets if you want I love you we
will see you tomorrow so the first set
is the United States okay but they can
go and pick like if they're in the UK
yeah so that's all we got I can finally
say that I will see you soon that's all
I got
we love ya tell me in the comments also
what city we should come to we love you
