hey guys welcome to the at words it is
Sunday good morning good morning
guess what Kane I know you want to play
video games all day but I got the best
way to start this vlog ever mama you can
get in on this too but I need your help
I need your help I want to get this vlog
started off right so I need you to hold
this I know you're gonna freak out so
just hold the camera
watch that legs broken under there all
right
this is where the kids are gonna love it
I'm gonna love this are you going on
okay wait here
let's go better suit up come on check
this up oh we didn't get much snow we
got a sheet of ice Oh
it's Yayoi
Brett you're gonna get in on this you
resist
here you need alright yeah you can do
that
come here Zeus come here boy taking my
breath away
give me your hand
oh my gosh can't even hardly walk just
push pain here that's what way to get
started
Zeus here yeah Red Team are you gonna
run a jump on it you are here
you get off on your mom here we go
hey landed right inside nasty out there
it's beautiful for fun yes sistahs all
excited that's my turn yeah I know I
wasn't bad the fun yeah are you gonna do
you gonna run and jump on it yeah yeah
but you gotta get some speed you're just
gonna go fake it when you run and jump
it's all about speed so you don't go
blood you know I mean maybe you should
just push me to go yes you can how am I
gonna push
I can't get no traction
gogo ya better nauseous now
oh my gosh go for it dude oh you got it
the 1080 you stopped right at the end oh
my gosh I was stepping it up with the
GoPro mount hey hey you guys go you guys
do it with the GoPro on it
what's the best thing after some snow
play hot chocolate yeah no a chugged is
alright guys like we like to do on every
Sunday not just hang out as a family
Mama's here patiently waiting you know
well this have been all week when are we
doing fan mail what are we doing fan on
your joining us today well I'm excited
to have you so Sunday has become a day
where we try to catch up
not like a couple packages like fan mail
right so no one I are gonna start
hauling in mail it's in the garage it's
in the basement it's in Kane's room it
is everywhere guys the fan mail is I
mean the best way to put it is probably
out of control before we start this this
is not all of it this is not all of it
this is what we've picked were you
already opening oh my gosh
we um I just want to say how thankful we
are to have you guys sending this stuff
it is a little bit crazy lately I think
maybe Christmas spiked up a lot of this
stuff and we're so sorry
that if you sent us something for
Christmas it didn't get open so some of
these say open before Christmas we still
got like 300 in some days before
Christmas so we're early oh dude look at
that nerf gun what in the world it's got
a chain fed Zeus knows what that is he's
like oh I got stuff to catch oh wait
there's nerf bullets in there oh this is
like the coolest thing ever
gotta grab a weapon mom all we're gonna
never better yeah all right here let's
see here oh that's cool Manson we put
some time into this one so I had some of
these nerf guns just lying around the
house there's no doubt in my mind that
these are gonna get super used I think
it's time for war okay I said I'm all
loaded everybody know life's good in
YouTube for some of this stuff oh my
gosh it's not bad oh my gosh that's cool
what do you think he's excited to look
at him
whoa what is it light up oh look at you
he is so excited okay we're done with
mail the kids are the kids are content
okay we gotta stay focused soldiers put
your guns down in open mail Oh tweet us
fish candy game that's cool Kyle from
Wisconsin Wow
13 thanks for the Swedish Fish Tandy can
this be good just put in your coffee
stirrer oh boy oh boy we gotta go little
baby
wow sounds like key emphasis Canaan Noah
I live in North Carolina I have been
given currency from two different
countries three from Japan and one from
Norway that's what these are
so Brady from North Carolina would it be
you open it game come here mustard and
ketchup all over paintings Brady from
North Carolina sends a painting and some
toys for the kids all kinds of little
goodies actually are you can open this
one why don't you open one you got a you
got a play to candy silly string fish
here here we go here we go love the
vlogs 8 & 9 years old my brother first
introduced me he's 13 thank you guys so
much
oh these look fun the heck are they kind
of card this bag is not a toy keep away
pinch watch 12 pull back right we got
foam all back at the same time Emma
Smith 2 years
awesome Emma thank you so much and a
magnet from Indiana this next one's
coming in from Hayden Hayden yeah Hayden
Cooper and he is from Texas
another Kodama I said is really cool
cool I guess oh yeah
say it yeah can you live you literally
probably owned every Heartless card from
you guys well go-kart that looks hard to
make by the way what's next mama okay
this is from Cassie wheeler the car oh I
love that picture
are you doing this from the UK which
means makes a very sick even a cold can
be a big problem what's her name
Cassie Cassie I already love you so much
look at this Christmas card look at this
feel so bummed we should we should still
hang people Christmas super loud popping
action fizz Wiz I think we call those
pop rocks here it's literally all our
candy but different theirs are called
swizzles ours are called Smarties
they're different
I like these more this is from well
doesn't have a name yet but at San
Antonio Texas baby sir isn't that who
fuck Buzz Lightyear oh look at this
that's gonna look at I have a real nice
to our collection of small more goodies
okay in case some of you are just tuning
into these vlogs I doubt that you're
just tuning in and watching a male blog
but just in case we are building a small
more building where all your merch will
be shipped from and our entire wall is
dedicated to just your artwork I cannot
wait to see it all in that building it's
gonna be unbelievable and we have a ton
waiting downstairs just to be moved yeah
for the past 18 years of my life I never
watched youtube I have always thought it
was silly to watch YouTube I always
thought it was silly to watch somebody
else's life or pranks but one day that
all changed I started to give it a try
and begin to fall obsessed with your
YouTube it's a lot of awesome youtubers
out there and it is become the new like
thing you watch I'm starting to become
guilty of it at night while my videos
are compressing I'm like let's let's see
what's out there so yeah thank you so
much for this mom oh and her knife
she's gonna stab man capisco oh this is
the one from zerg Buzz Lightyear's
archenemy sir it's cool name
we've lost came lots of sugar dots
alright this one's coming in from Jared
Jared what you got in the bag
this is fragile it looks like artwork
looks like some art with to me that's
perfect
who's next for the fam here I already
got one cracked open oh I can already
tell this one's for Bret yoga yoga boy
we're Cain and Noah oh these are awesome
it's all the Game Informer's
look oh mama
artwork Alexia that's who sends the
magazines and the yoga book from
Philadelphia so this one's from Nicholas
we got a set of pillows blackops pillow
Christmas mittens man Rubik's Cube
American monkey oh that's a cool poster
this is from so honest Sens identity
theft prevention ID block so you put
your credit cards inside these sleeves
and they basically block
quite no scientist but it's basically
like an RFID blocking security sleeve
you just read no mm-hmm please put in
vlog and a Stevens from Virginia Oh
momma is awesome duck is - oh boy well
we like the painting Cain likes the
peanut so it's the perfect package Thank
You Pamela got a whole arm load of
wristbands on and he sends us a box of
little goodies some little candies that
came to Noah just a hey mater and
pictures okay I like where this one's
going hi Roman this is my family's
favorite game I hope you and your family
enjoy it as well from Maxwell Smith
that's what I'm talking about some
family activities Oh exploding kittens
this sounds harmless hmm card game for
people who are into kids and explosions
dang this is the day out let's make this
thing alright this one's coming up from
Noah zapper safer maybe maybe it'll be
in here Noah sapper that's whoa it's a
different one - we're gonna have the
whole collection we mean what's that you
know what that is that's a chocolate bar
oh I like card tricks there's a book
Noah 30 easy card tricks you can trick
your friends ninjago else is cool
heads-up party game this is a fun game I
think we played this before here nice
alright thanks guys this was from no
separate safely okay oh that's cool oh
no wrong with RC cars is that from you
see that oh it's an Amazon one let me
see some Jeep this is put out son yeah
Sanjeev let me see let me take a look
see hey Roman I wanted to contribute to
the toy drive I don't know if I ordered
in time
you didn't thanks for all the work
you've been doing smile more from son
Jeep that's exactly he said good job
from India that came from well it came
from Amazon but he what you got mama
what you got mama oh nice
Oh more gaming posters Noah yeah it
looks like it looks like that's awesome
we need more posters minecraft I think
these are really cool lots of gaming
because we just look they're super cool
we're gonna definitely hang these up we
run out of space over here Tommy Tommy
sent the posters Tommy from Wisconsin
we've lost Cain again what do you mean
it's for me
hey Roman I thought your kids by kids I
mean you would love this Merry Christmas
smile more from Kevin Shire
oh snapdragons this is definitely for me
and the kids gonna jump in on this boy
you think you got what it takes
oh what a family game night yeah
there's presents in here for you
Zeus got a big dog bone there's
literally so much in this block we got a
note people things are look at those are
all pencils gosh that is rod Kennedy
Davis 16 years old and watching your
videos for about two years now I don't
know where to start just want to thank
you and your family for how much you
inspire me to change my life for the
better
that is awesome I'm glad that it's
nothing it's really full of presents
from Kennedy Davis sends us all
Christmas tree load that's our new power
tap what is it it's two-player game what
is that
there you go boy he's like you guys do
your thing I'll be over here is that
goober a third up on the ceiling
who's that ring for a smile when you
ring it you got a smile the selfie stick
to the rescue all the things really
honor
Pacman's power up energy drink I don't
know if I need
Pacman's energy not intended for
children while I'm out you want a vlog
okay here you go you got it this is
coming in from Joel Harrison for you
Kane this is a gift for you it's an
Australian kangaroo off Australia for
you that's a kangaroo from Australia a
little boy you try to stuff him in there
get in there baby kangaroo what's up
what's it's called a Joey right yeah
baby kangaroo is college OE okay Louis
I always watch and you bring me such
happiness I said I wanted to share some
of the finger snacks with you and your
wonderful family I hope you enjoy them
from the windy windy from st. Louis what
are they
hockey so it's a stick dipped in
different oh snap that's not like movie
night right there
you're supposed to try it all reminds me
some
oh my gosh that's so good you liked it
mmm I've been a little weird marshmallow
things they're like pink no they're like
orange peanuts unless you love candy
like this the orange peanut oh I know
what you're talking about that's what
that tastes like
well congratulations this is crazy guys
ah you got that big lump this mail life
is short smile while you still have
teeth what in the world is that guy that
is a serious
Batman monkey GameCube and these are all
the game yeah these are tons of
controllers no way oh my gosh it is
pac-man forever happy fun Paper Mario
never played it avatar Teen Titans 2 an
entire Gamecube a bunch of controllers
several games and a crazy letter with
lots of smiley faces on it
I'll see I'm still looking for a name
from maritza Maritsa Mendez this can go
into our game sooner we can we can put
it over it
tails retro games that's a lot of
controllers yet with family you wanted
to say mom long yeah I can make it save
my long mama
oh that's why we're sign that's so cute
and of course from Ian Gibson thank you
for everything you do
I'm speechless marry Chris I think
that's my line isn't it I'm speechless
Roman Britney Cain and Noah and mom all
the note actually says that hi
I thought kami love this you and your
family have changed my life forever
please please please put in vlog you got
it boss let me take a look let's go with
Craig it's Craig wake up that's an S and
a Z at the same time let's say Jacob
from Florida this is the power of a
German Shepard guys this is why we can't
have nice things
hang on drop it he's already knobbed the
entire top off he's just too powerful
that would last most dogs a long time
and he's not eating it he's just
breaking it
what are these pull-string skateboards
oh so you probably pull it in I'm almost
positive that's what you do I'm all just
like the seashells from the shores of a
hurricane will you color I hope you
enjoyed your gift I have been watching
your prank channel since Columbus zombie
prank Wow bye teddy
it's a coloring pack paper to digital I
don't want that me a digital crown
inside oh you do it on the iPad wicked
wicked wicked wicked wicked wait what is
it little lady smile more more stuff I
keep seeing him what are those that's uh
I think that was protecting that was to
protect it
airsoft pellets I don't know clear soft
bb's she shot him into the wood and
that's where they stuck before that's a
great shot came he just takes the box it
will you ruin the carpet um only use on
a clean surface rubs off or rinses with
water
do not eat low and low to no toxicity
rip that thing open
well that's cool that's just stuff we
actually made some of it that's clear I
love the colors so the sign in the jelly
comes from Connor from New York
Kade woods sends a little bit of a late
little Christmas gift is this actually
in there oh that's cool looks like he
rewrapped his gift
some more hot wheels car we have so many
cars and fish Truitt sins the world's
smallest selfie cam the paparazzi the
Noah ROTC the lego guy that's one of
them you get in this special pack right
surprise gentlemen somebody got you
something nice oh that's right that's
how you know it came from me right there
you have been cold you have made it
under someone's naughty list
try to suck less next year yeah there is
no name funny
it's a funny yeah I could see sending
those to some people opening the blog
head like Keynes Baldy pick up haha that
is awesome guys Oh
who wants some ketchup potato chips whoa
how do they do that it looks so perfect
literally they literally put our names
on this thing
right with you they are stickers so nice
as are they're Smarties okay let's see
it
that's it oh they got chocolate on them
the chips are crushed but we got a trial
you want to try these with me ketchup
chips here I'm pretty sure that we have
had ketchup chips here but I've never
tried on hmm well it's not good I'm like
froggy ketchup means you smell it okay
no man one one big break you want try
bigger go home hey hey what tastes like
ketchup in the chat rising ketchup
sweeter than ketchup sweeter oh they're
good they smell them : legit they're
actually good chips
cut almost like vinegary yeah I reminds
me of a salt and vinegar
it's like bear food naik farid Nutella
it reminds like a fair fry yeah that's
exactly what it is kind of toxic but
good like it makes your mouth water
what you got in a little pouch there
little cats it looks like they made them
these are homemade wallets coming in
from Chris Miller Chris Miller
somebody said those we got multiple ones
yeah another pack of swedish fish okay
go forth Jake kupp in the neverland
pirates so here we are on our Sunday
surrounded by loving gifts from you guys
almost seems surreal doesn't it the
people send all this stuff to us it
tastes exactly like Swedish Fish really
oh that's rad you guys game child you
got a bus to move bust a move
oh don't read and block what do you guys
ask I'm gonna put this out there now
because this is don't read and vlog it
reminds me a lot of you guys asked how
come you only open the boxes almost all
the letters are private and they asked
us not to read a blog this is why we do
the packages the people that send them
want us to put on the blog the letters
are almost always private
that's cute I think this has potential
to be our
which I like I like to do the artwork oh
wow this is what it's like one we made
oh we gotta lose crayon oh that's cute
good family smile more smile because
you're beautiful because you're unique
because you can because tomorrow is a
new day because no matter what you think
someone loves you smile because you
deserve it smile tomorrow
Brooke age 18 2015 that's cute
grandma you win that knife telling you
she's up to something
let's keep it going smile more baby okay
Martin J from illinois' oh it's baby
Zeus baby juice I'll take them
I'm seriously gonna have to show you
guys how many of these I have like it's
gonna have to happen do you like it gain
do you like the candy cane that's a real
candy cane
mama where'd you find your glasses oh
you see well yes we got some looking for
his bone event we got a serious all
would worry less mom was she scared the
crap out of me we burger change I didn't
say I'm dirty my doors
you said it scared the crap out of you
what was a plan on words I see what you
did there I take everything literally
literally I like that word now literally
that's all a little early 11 years old
from Dylan believe it or not he carved
this out of one tree just good job buddy
he's been working on this for two and a
half years Oh watching always been
watching for tuning in here's my bad we
got here in the goodie bin I like it
already
oh my gosh these are cool
aisle and I they're all our letters
purse and like all our favorite stuff so
look what this is obviously Brittany's
Oh Twizzlers
well that's cute Reb comes also it's
well thought out I actually don't see
much let's see what's on this would be
Noah's
oh it's sweet Wow so minecraft for now
milena and Kyle those are awesome
yeah what about creative you guys uh
okay here comes James but sweet Wow
so minecraft for now milena and Kyle
what about creative you guys uh okay
here comes James superheroes and a Brit
it's all painted like a brick that's
cool for mine speed and Swedish oh she
all like how they put swedish fish on
there as the fridge - oh you like it
there so unique yeah now what would our
initials be our candy oh you guys are
watching K R & B what would we say r NK
v RB & K that sounds good r BN k you
just up yourself you see it now that
one's coming in from hutch hutch hittin
15 years old
oh I like these here we go Brittany and
her fake papers he's got her party
supplies baby bouncy balls party
supporters are weird
well I'm not lacking in the silly string
market oh we need I just need to know
where they go canes hit me with the
selfie stick anything for the shot
oh that's sweet
would you rather boardgame have you ever
played that Noah would you rather
that'll be fun well because you have to
read read thank you guys we're adding to
our board like game night collection
basically look at all how did you miss
all themselves
we got a chainsaw in the garage the
board game is from Daphne and Velma
Daphne and Velma thank you
what was that uh you can see your heel
mark all right this one's coming in I
have seen Cain open a few packages using
a pair of scissors and I thought these
might be a bit safer for him what do you
mean the machete isn't safe the chainsaw
wasn't safe for my boy he's gonna be an
unstoppable cameraman it goes from a
knife to a pair scissors dangerous nope
they're actually really unique I've
never seen them before
Michael and I like Bill Nye Fiona I just
sign it's got poo poo bill Kim semi
sends a hunk of wood like a chunk of
wood thrumming that wood vlogs on it
pretty cool actually just burn it right
in burn burn a hot knife to Noah and
Kane from Susan Kate looks like some let
cool Legos
it's not really what's inside
adding to the massive collection that we
already have from you guys cars
how many torches is that I can guarantee
I can guarantee that whoever sent this
has a dog the way Zeus is sniffing it
out all right this is one of the most
unique gifts that we've ever had from
Jordan look at this is sand I'm not even
kidding this is sand grains of sand and
it even says smile more out of sand dude
I'm not kidding yo wow that is made out
of sand it's super pretty I do my being
tricked here is this really oh I
couldn't do that that is so full but
that's somewhere but that's somewhere
nice there light up cubes what thanks a
love pearl what is it it's a real pearl
so you open this and get the Pearl out
what no that's friggin awesome form
naturally the love pearl is pure and
naturally resourced it takes three to
five years in the muscle until the pearl
is deemed ready for wearing wow we have
to wait for know it's ready oh she's
ready
howdy cool to do another line and then
this opens and you put it inside
carefully carefully cut open the muscle
and take the Pearl out you for real
let's put it back in the ocean yes put
it up
what color it means people make wishes
while God creates pearls your specialist
always be granted all right what you got
smile more baby audience take more like
the little painting all right I can't
find a name but this is a big wall
sticker that is really cool
yeah it's like coming out of the wall
there's no letter oh this is cool oh
right here Eric Eric that had to take a
long time tomorrow more anime so there
is a sweety to you I don't know I can't
tell I don't know well you went for that
fast you went for that fast
look now let me see nope I mean that is
hilarious put it on that is so funny
it's underwear but it's a glove glove or
wear under hand your pants Lee this
smile more made out of Legos that's
pretty unique though actually are Legos
- so this is smile more for the side of
your stick for the side of your tire and
it's a smile mark oh my gosh let me see
actually does stay smaller oh my gosh I
got a do it maybe do it on the big truck
tires wait how do they work that Oh so
be the white yeah you got
and then you glue each one down oh we're
told this is a great project for the
vlog - let's make a Zeus go crazy you
should give it to him remember that game
doodle jump whatever I know what you got
know was being a trooper I think we've
lost pain he he's now upstairs playing
with squeaky ball okay I'm gonna pop
that thing
Jessie Gilmore Gilliam or Gilmore
Gilliam or
chase and Jesse a gift from so long
that's all it says iPhone 6 plus case oh
that's nice case not the iPhone as her
hybrid bumper Series shockproof impact
resistant diamond clear that's what I
need that's what we could never find it
here we go ladies and another Ohio what
we got here
can't have enough of these daggone
chargers Oh
oh he is that our toy drive you a
picture with all our family look there's
you mama you
oh my god it looks so good so good oh
these are cool I like these like glow
sticks all right this is pretty cool so
apparently this is from our last mail
vlog somebody sent that's Kane holding a
painting this time the same people sent
another painting like this with a
picture from an old vlog like this well
he likes the ball well everybody throws
it forward
Jane you almost got hit with a school
bus sorry I just went on a yawning spree
what is it what is it Jake I live right
next to a golf course and my friend and
I always go into a well this one's from
Tiger Woods I can tell you that it's
cute baby bunny okay thank you for being
a trooper hey Jane
somebody put a rabbit in a box it's a
lot the rabbit is alive giant book
nutritional supplements and other holy
okay this would be cool to do otherwise
natural like I have small books that
look hair loss you want some hair loss
treatment some natural hair loss
treatment
well you keep cutting it off that's why
you have no hair look that knife you
just playing with that thing all day
whoever sent the book thank you so much
there's no name it's so bad when when
you guys don't put your names in it but
you know you are so thank you
hey Roman every day you bring a smile on
my face this is a small thank you I
think your kids to get a lot of good use
out of it indeed they will keep going
keep doing I'm making this world a
better place
hey Tim cramp hey Tim thanks an entire
deluxe art set which is definitely gonna
get you here we got over here homemade
crowns Roger from Arizona so you just
start coloring different colors this one
is coming in from George from Baltimore
Maryland he sends a Ninjago Lego alarm
clock you push his head he lights up a
big bag of Legos Rubik's Cube oh you
were just talking about having something
for that okay okay you need it I need
one for my vlog camera how'd you like to
snap my blog cam in not a socks
what snowman made our socks what's that
why this is squishy is there balloon in
there there's something in there anyway
I have all kinds of ornaments next year
- cold
Nash Co you literally just sent an army
of Twizzlers canes like oh that's got my
interest
oh it's heavy all right for tonight
unfortunately we got time for one more
we did really good look at that that's
probably another half hour to an hour
what oh my gosh look at these
marshmallows guys that looks like
Britney that looks like you this is all
pictures of you guys what yeah
there's you guys swingin there's you
behind the camera
what's spider so now here's a little bit
of the part you don't get to see this is
the behind the scenes this is where we
go through and organize everything from
cardboard to trash to keepers all the
stuff you guys sent artwork toys
everything gets separated board games
it's it's unbelievable this part takes
just about as long as it as the opening
takes so oh stop oh you broke the
boogers honey we're warping into the
night a little bit and weaving up this
little basketball game nobody's made one
yet definitely easier on a flat surface
but we're just sitting on the bed
goofing off oh yeah you got this got
this
it can be done early I only wear a
straight-through it was a swoosh nothing
but net I don't know if I got it it's
literally like having a bear get in your
tent you just you just stay quiet and
you hope nothing happens all right it's
time to say goodnight and goodbye for
now you'll have the arc reactor didn't
in time and we got some cool stuff today
all right guys I wish I could sit here
and say Brittany oh yeah that's the same
one it's been burning for a long time I
wish I could sit here and say we're
gonna get some time together but I have
this entire vlog to edit he loves that
thing oh did he already break the
squeaker yeah it's go on squeakers gone
oh darn so fantastic day it was fun you
guys are absolutely insane sending this
stuff and we got so much stuff so thank
you guys thank you thank you we will see
you tomorrow yeah
is he eating a squeaker right now so I'm
gonna get editing that is what I gotta
do it's already getting late and I gotta
get up super early tomorrow we love you
we will see you tomorrow don't forget
how awesome you are your beautiful smile
yes it go
Oh
