hey you want to use all my hand all day
huh hey guys welcome to the Atwoods hi
buddy
you're so concentrated you just blew up
get it you got it dude
how is everybody feeling today I hope
it's perfect I think Zeus wants to be in
the vlog today is that what you're
trying to do you just wanna be in the
vlog today I thought we thought as a
family you know what let's not do the
typical let's see how we entertain our
viewers today let's just raw blog it and
show you what our actual life is like
every day came and I was point sushi guy
go poop you got a boob Zeus what you
want service come on he wants something
you want to go out but look look having
a big dog on rainy days if you have any
dog that has to go out on a rainy day
you know what I'm talking about and now
we got construction going on out here
it's just mud I want you to think about
your actions out there okay daddy's
gonna clean you oh that's what you
wanted your ball was out there just
throws it as food so guys my goal today
is give you more of an in-depth look of
what it's like here on a normal day not
a busy day not a sunny day this is a day
that we're stuck inside and I just want
to show you our life I know a lot you
guys asked us a lot and I always try to
entertain you in the vlogs maybe do
something fireworks something in today
is a day where I want to point the
camera at us and show you what our life
is like Oh mommy
what's up girl oh my god the cameras so
blurry miles how long it take you half
hour that's not bad that's better it
takes me like three days due to my house
so I stun these guys I want to just film
today like
don't mess rats what is that is that it
wait what's going on drop it good boy
man you listen so fast stay
good boy I'm just gonna go grab Noah
okay all right I'll be right back
now I'm wishing I would have started
this vlog right when I woke up sometimes
it takes me a while I like to start up
in the morning like an old truck okay
it's time to vlog I guess exactly how I
feel so you get the point now it's the
time when I go get to get my boy Noah
it's Friday I get to hang out all
weekend with my kids and Britney and
that is my highlight that is my goal
that's where I want to be I want to be
with my family so that's what we're
doing right now guys so I just want I
just want to explain how proud I am of
you you know why because you're good you
cuz you're good at school and you're
good in school I don't want to say this
but I was so bad in school I was always
in trouble I gave my parents such a hard
time because they were always getting
phone calls from the school and I'm so
happy that you don't do that to me and
every day you just it's a good day good
job anything you want to do this weekend
we are driving home right now we've been
trying to figure out I present you
anything you want to do this weekend
Brittany and I were just talking
oh my gosh Brittany and I today I'm not
even kidding we said we should take the
kids to the trampoline place I'm not
kidding so okay maybe this weekend or
tonight or something we'll go do that
haven't seen Noah well he missed you he
couldn't he couldn't make it what you in
your undies
yeah you have to wait a minute because
putting pants on this is gonna give you
away come on Zeus huh that's the pants
you went with well Christmas tree he
couldn't make it he was still at school
so I just came back home I don't want to
sit in the rain where is he I told you
he's still at school
ESU's ray is this always gives up the
hiding spots hey so I asked know what do
you want to do this weekend yes the
first thing he said was not open mail go
to sky Zone we were just talking about
that
if you guys watch yesterday's long if
you were able to catch yesterday's vlog
we've had some throat oh my god you
didn't jump right up if you guys watched
yesterday's while we had some great
throwback video and pictures and nobody
could see them so I want to show you a
couple aw look at this my hair looks
like gained younger self of your dad and
then there was this really cool video
but you you're trying to get no one to
eat a warhead can you remember that you
weren't even born yet
you didn't even exist you weren't even
in mommy's belly we didn't even know
that it would be you yeah alright so
it's Friday
usually Fridays consist of family time
could be my parents could be my brother
his wife and kids
we either all come here or we go to
their house and right now everything's
up in the air we have no plans as of
right now it's huh what do you guys want
to do what I want to go I'm just
Britney's gonna be packed on a Friday
night let's for rent it
come get some chili I got two spoons one
for me one for you then we really put
the only plans I have this second is for
me and Noah to demolish Brittany's
famous chili I hope you're ready dude
cheese sour cream
you smell that chili boy you smell that
chili boy I having a dog that his head
reaches the countertops he doesn't have
to stand up he's a problem you always
have to have everything to him he's
pretty good though
stir it up crack her up oh boy oh do you
want some chili this is gonna be better
this is gonna hurt more when you're like
19 out how is it it's a bit hot so I
haven't got a full taste not spicy I
just hot yeah
how is it now how's the chili Noah how
is it it's just so beautiful out maybe
we go mud running with the RC trucks hey
here look say hi
ah okay now it vlogs what's scary is the
scariest jungle off
oh this is so scary I'm really good
don't drop it so much pressure with this
bear attack I mean this you don't know
what it's like looking into the water
and actually gonna know that that's to
get it oh now I got to oh did he get you
no I think I got ya know I feel bad it's
like my nail went into his gum he
doesn't get
all right we have decided to go to my
brother's house there's something out
there
there's something out there all right
just got over my brows what's up buddy
watching the office I see I could watch
that show all day they're running out so
I'm gonna send you on a mission you guys
know I've had a hole in my phone for
about two months and now the speaker has
fallen out and I'm suing at it so the
speaker has fallen out or something so I
can only use speaker from the top it's a
panda but please see if you can find me
some replacement pretty no I need a
replacement I'll try I think we have an
upgrade oh yeah okay I've dealt with it
for too long
I have dealt with it yeah it's fine I
got two big cracks and a hole in my
phone I'll deal with it but I can't now
because I after you speaker from the top
okay I'll get you one hey guys the girls
are gone that means it's just boys this
is me and dales little game room
actually it's Dale's I can't take credit
for this he has designed all this
himself just lets me come over and play
games with him
what did you got that is so awesome yeah
I'm gonna throw it ready
not bad Hey
oh I missed it I missed it whoa
dude you can flip it whoa sure know how
to do it push the handle in in any
direction now it does help like it loses
power so like you got to give it
throttle immediately after whoa all
right guys what would you do right now
Conrad Cain would you right now if you
looked out there and it was a clown
staring at the clock clowns are happy
there's coyotes out there I believe you
see anything oh here we go
we're live ladies and gentlemen Dale
that was basement 2016 are you ready
those are awesome
ha
how long do they live how long they just
fade out yeah we have showed you guys
this before Dale's got one of the
coolest drum sets ever down here and
Noah is about to have a drum lesson are
you ready yeah yeah so no one wants it's
wrong lesson here we are he didn't drive
our car daddy dad he made with Daddy and
now he's about to learn how to plate up
yeah uh-huh
are you ready for your drum lesson my
girlfriend's back and she brought a lot
of good food I felt like I was sitting
beside Drake no joke sure hey hey I
don't know who Drake is okay so mission
complete good good job Oh shiny Oh shiny
I wanted to give a lifeproof case for it
to lifeproof so if you drop it doesn't
break I won't drop this one not only
she'd find me a new phone she got us mad
and going down sucker
oh you think you're gonna beat me in the
old
but not on I bet this scruff so
complicated now let's try it right now
these four players up there now we are
about to play some football you guys if
you want to see us but I think we should
do a gaming video on us but we've never
played it I don't even know what a good
team is I know nothing about football oh
yeah then the bills go to the Dolphins
this year the pills go to the Dolphins I
don't know there we go Dale's the
Dolphins you get Iran in Oh two seconds
left
two seconds steals beat me good job yes
you kicked my butt oh wait I know I'm
going for the two-point conversion I
guess we'll just punt it sir boy he's
going for it
Oh interception alright don't beat me
straight up Hot Wheels horse dog that's
whenever we play any football games
taking my losses and going home had a
great time we're going home right now
guys Boardman back home it got really
late really fast it's jammy time what is
it is that a turkey baster mere
spiderman boy oh he's ready yeah cuz
we've been gone we've been gone he's
probably been sleeping a whole time we
need to get Zeus some big big onesie
pajamas that our time go it is tomorrow
it's today tomorrow
so that's technically its current day
they practically get too lazy yeah
really
January night as of 21 minutes ago and
it has already been nine days out of our
New Year is already gone you'll never
get it Matt you'll never get those days
back trace is right I'm awesome day
chapstick ball chapstick more you're the
greatest kid in the world I love you
well boy it looks like it just me and
you we're out here for the long haul get
these videos how do you even do that how
do you even blow your food all over
gotta edit the vlog tonight so we need a
fresh day tomorrow me and my brother
gonna film a really cool video I can't
wait to do I don't even tell you what it
is yet but just in case it we don't do
it I don't wanna hype it is that what
you want boy come on get your overspill
towels that is what you wanted is that
better than the toilets all right guys
it is time to end the vlog it is um you
know what I hope you enjoyed today I
tried to give you honestly a little bit
of a different vlog today I tried to
film usually wouldn't we fun blogs it's
like Oh that'll be exciting let's film
that today I tried to film what wasn't
as exciting um I don't know how I did I
really thought I haven't seen the
footage I hope that you enjoyed either
way I just I just got to say thank you
over and over I probably will thank you
guys at the end of every vlog that I
ever make it's just so cool to see what
we have created not just me or you know
you individually us all of us it's
insane it's amazing watching the toy I
watched the toy drive
vlog yesterday and it just like it did
something to me it showed me our power
showed me what we have created and you
guys are doing this smile more message
with me and it's just beautiful
it is beautiful it is a movement man
smile more is turning into a movement
and we're living in a day and age where
there's so much negativity everything on
the news is negative the world is trying
to bring you down the best thing I can
do every day is try to lift you up even
just a hair if I do that I'm happy I
don't want to get too off track here I
really don't I just want to come on here
and thank you guys seriously thank you
it is on believable go through the
comments section it's beautiful you guys
are amazing people thank you for being
here I will see you tomorrow don't
forget how beautiful you are you're one
of a kind people want to be you go get
it smile on it sound like a friggin
worse
