go
yeah what's up guys good morning welcome
to the little Atwood house yeah Brett
just started us out with some beautiful
smoothies I mean like the best of the
best
now you're just looking for things to
throw in what about that yeah show them
what you've done
what about 15 minutes he snapped this
little guy so I've been trying to
superglue it the best I can
looks like it's gonna hold it's right
there but that is just the life of
driving our C's you break on that is
what they're designed to do actually I
think they're more designed to break so
that you have to finish do ya guys
welcome to our home where we were just
getting started off today and we're
hanging out I don't know what else to
say Noah is that Owens he should be here
pretty soon I think go for it
down you mean what am i doing I'm
building a little pit station for me and
Keynes RC cars well this is we're don't
even hardly use this rod it's not look
there's just a little hair in it it's
cold out okay so Kane and I went out a
little bit this morning and I'd warm him
up a little bit
taught him to run slow on his RC for a
little while and while I'm out there
trying to get him not to break his I
broke mine check it out that's why I
need it that's why I need a pit station
well I got lucky
see and then I ended up finding all the
pieces out in the yard
hey are you part of my pit crew smoothie
boy that's an Allen screw yep that way
you got it we're gonna take this shaft
off so we can fix it
my little mechanic we made an awesome
kid together look at this dude I was
just saying when I do my handyman SIA
everybody does that not every house let
me help you blood whole time he's
driving his truck last night show him
what you do again
I feel like he just started it uh-huh
it goes way down all right buddy
we're all back in business I'm glad I
could sit here and he's literally saying
words I have like am I supposed to know
what that is me what are you talking
about
simple fix up should be fixed for
another 10 minutes out there
put her on a screw ORS long like all
that stuff remember sitting alone honey
it's called a Phillips screwdriver so we
all bundled up ready to play yeah one
hand one hand driving so we got like the
greatest area ever for RC trucks right
now because of our building going in we
got all this dirt bumps and ramps are
you ramping on top of me yeah guys just
goofing off with my boy driving some our
C's always always good bonding time it
also teaches Kane a lot of
responsibilities because the truck is
super powerful and he has to learn to
drive it slow and responsible good job
ready do you think you can drive past
the camera I'm gonna put it here here
let's try it again without daddy
wrecking you ready you got to go buy the
camera go for it Oh ankle-biter you
might have a lot more traction turn your
wheel all the way yeah that's it
I'm throttle full throttle you might
need a better battery you better you
might be getting love Zeus hey what's
this what is it come on
oh he's ready are you ready how's that
wait wait
get your mom go get your mom get your
mother's he doesn't want it oh he wants
it
oh he wants it he wants he doesn't know
how to get it good boy just get it get
your ball you earned it
good boy was that funny this is crazy
your battery dad oh it's almost dad we
got carrot we got taller man
these trucks are just too big to carry
in aren't they a little trash bag there
we go where we going to garage
so home stretch baby we made it Jane hey
that was fun dude I had a lot of fun
okay so Noah is back hi buddy
we're making robot heads apparently I
just drug me in the back come here robot
oh you guys are scary robots you need a
smiley face can they just drug me into
this I got my handy-dandy exacto knife
you remember back when we tried to make
like the cardboard weapons yeah machine
gun
I did that with just a little knife
that's pretty spooky what you need King
you know mommy's got the kitchen game on
lock today holy moly
is that Italian chicken and what'd you
make me in the boys she's all like she's
really kicking bait yeah shake and bake
this is personality hey stop stop right
there no no no no no yes that's it
that's all I wanted to do you're in
there just frosted okay how about while
she's doing that why don't we go pick
out a few boxes to open for mail you
creepy robot boys oh my gosh mmm do you
want to open mail oh they even punch hey
that one stares at you this one just
punches
just like a random video game words
random things happen hey do want to open
mail Noah wants to open mail do you want
to open mail K'naan stokenmait zeus take
that one that's a big one so we pulled a
few boxes from our massive mail
collection guys we have so much mail to
open and I think we need to again
dedicate just a video to mail but for
tonight for what we have time for we're
gonna open a few boxes up and let's do
it
hey Roman no more worrying about finding
a fan when you travel man you guys
really think about me because you just
got like I feel bad I got one of these
for Christmas and they're unbelievable
so now I have two of them so yeah like
Brittany just said I stay with certain
people so maybe I can leave one there
thank you so much this is from Alan D
you guys are awesome thank you so much
wait what is that dude that is for movie
night right there warm a milk chocolate
popcorn aren't we gonna try to watch a
movie from Ryan Voss Bryan Voss thanks
thanks so much who's next who's next
what you got there boy alright I like
your thinking half the page this readin
vlog the other half says don't read and
watch so here we go
Roman and fam hope you like the
controller smile more from NK
controllers oh this is I should have
talked to this guy before let's see it
Wow okay
sent us a whole controller Joe huge
thanks dude this is too much
beautiful control it's all custom like
splatter paint on it sort of there it is
definitely gonna get seriously used in
my house thank you Joe m'kay controllers
Oh what are you guys trying to do it you
think they just say better but for the
record they sent it before they knew
looks like Ravan cake for a movie night
cake chocolate popcorn nobody holding
that resolution hi what we got over here
you guys move so quick Kim there's a big
goodie box
farts around the world Oh what is that
guy he's from geez so Liam from Montana
sends us a whole bar he says in his note
that he sent everything he could fit in
this box so thank you buddy
lots and lots of goodies going for the
big guy what is it bellows are you sure
that they're actually pillars in the
mosque canes like bubble wrap that's
what's in this box not pillows bubble
wrap yeah my gosh look how much bubble
wrap you told him I snore didn't ya well
this is a huge gift who sent these oh my
gosh there better be I know is there
nothing in the box other than that right
here Chris O'Connell from California but
there's no note at all Chris well bubble
wraps always it hit you can always have
too much bubble wrap
like a loose just puts his ball in the
middle and waits okay dinner's almost
ready let's finish guys just like you
guys sent some crazy stuff these look
like that's true I did say that you guys
listen well an automatic rotating
machine gun Sidewinder I swear next year
we're just gonna wrap all your guys is
mail and put it under our tree look this
is like Christmas again Thank You Jenny
for the very generous toys to the boys I
got your letter here and hey she wanted
to give the boys something to show that
I think they are great kids and are so
entertaining Jeff Adams age 13 he's been
watching five months every day so you've
been watching for five months okay what
is it this is what he sings Jeff sent
this crazy cardboard watcher thing I'm
not sure what it is I'm sure NOLA
figured this is from your favorite
firefighter fan Conor date what are you
doing
let's see what we got here from a
firefighter he looks like an ordinary
fella tweezers you need your own
tweezers there you go Zeus you're
calling crazy dude
come on we played all that that you were
gonna be so tired I thought you would be
be tonight huh
he surprises us I guess David Thornburg
yeah that's it David Thornburg let's see
what it is enjoy your gift and don't
forget smile more oh my gosh see what it
says what can't be as bad as that stuff
where they send us remember the last
mail vlog it's like tiny drop just
ignited my mouth and I'm tough man you
love that don't ya he is totally playing
with these tanks here yeah every slice
is open this is from Mike powers it's a
board and an inside here like little
mounts you can put clay pigeons like 4
targets I know we are gonna sit back
enjoy a home-cooked meal
Brittany made for us thank you that is
when some blankets or snacks
all right we're skipping right past
dinner we're gonna watch a movie
together whoa
anyways we're gonna watch a movie
together I will see you in one second we
were going to all sit on this couch and
watch a movie watching we're watching
ant-man everybody's in their own world
geez I never seen a bullet stick to the
wall so we just watched a movie as a
family both kids Britney zoos we all
just watched a movie and as a kid I
could never figure out how it was
possible that I would look over at my
dad and he would be asleep every single
time not every time but I could never
understand how it was family movie night
and I would look over and he'd fall
asleep it was like inevitable it was
gonna happen now the reason I'm telling
you this story right now is because
tonight during family movie night I fell
asleep I am turning into my father it's
not a bad thing it's it's it's an honor
I'm just saying I never understood as a
kid and that was an adult I just I just
like father like son
that's where that saying comes from
today I've had zero pop no pop only
water in the smoothie Britney made today
so only that smoothie and water and
usually I drink a lot of caffeine and
pop and so I've had none today none
gonna make a little coffee and then I'm
gonna do something and get Britney's
reaction all right here we go here we go
you guys are familiar with these you've
seen them in my videos well maybe if
you're not these are awesome fireworks
and this one this one shoots 300 little
missiles right pretty cool you set it
down you light it and it goes but what
if what if
uh-huh what if when you set it down
it was strapped to an RC car
see what I'm saying so now instead of it
sitting still it's strapped to the RC
you light it and got three hundred
missiles attached to the top of this RC
car so here's what I'm gonna do when
Brittany comes out on obviously I'm
gonna like this right a part of me
is like now let's do it like this but
only in Brittany I would see how
ridiculous I can take this like
literally like imagine this it's meant
to be
oh hey first of all tell me that's not
meant to be look at that it's exactly
there or we could go with the back
shooter look at that dang oh my god well
you think Zeus well you think buddy you
won't go out and do it you won't cross
sign do it it's perfect it's so freakin
perfect look at this look yeah look like
that and you run from it you I have to
drive it on the only one that can drive
it what do you mean so if I got you a
full fireproof seat you would do it you
would run from it no but this is awesome
like imagine that driving around the
yard just shootin poom poom poom poom
300 little missiles like this or like
this oh my god we could light them both
it's the destroyer
use only under close adult Superman
adult no we're good out there for
outdoor use only we'll be outside
do not hold in hand I won't be place
upright and use only on concrete grass
so we can drive on the driveway no play
it straight up and now oh I can love
without I can level this out no problem
there it is there it is honey
you wake those boys up your put them
back to sleep yo this is one of the
single greatest ideas I've ever had
imagined determined to play some
Terminator music I wonder if one that
can and she no I want to honestly when
the candidates would shoot that the car
would pop wheelie cuz there's so much
I'm sorry we're just not gonna find that
out what they put weight in the front
oh that's it seriously thank you well if
I put weight in the front then it can't
pop I can't hear a word you're saying
all I hear is follow-on you're so down
maybe
oh thank you totally it's a good idea
you tell her it was you what are you
doing I'm hiding all the rope'n maybe I
worked in a rope factory for like a
thousand years I can tie a knot all day
oh not if you know have any rope all
right guys I'm gonna in the vlog we ate
two bags of that popcorn that they sent
it was good it was unbelievable we're
gonna wrap it up guys thanks for hanging
out with us today we had a great day man
Cain and I with the RCS look at this guy
he he never quits and we play hard
we will see you guys tomorrow I am going
to drive that RC and light the sky up
that's what's gonna happen
watch your shoulders looks so weird
right now
anyway guys we love you we will see you
tomorrow thanks for everything
who tell me who thinks that's a good
idea
yes or no well see it's a bad idea no
you know just comment good idea or bad
idea love you guys with Xena mom mom won
ok you guys see this steak house over
here yeah years and years ago Britney
and I came up here looking for somewhere
to eat nice like a nice place and we
didn't know what that place was we
didn't know we just saw a steak house
really let's go have some steak right so
we walk in completely underdressed
like we didn't know it was like a dress
fancy place we
