how many times do you think it's gonna
take me to Vidya trip one time a one
time intro here we go hey guys welcome
back to another day in the life of this
little Atwood family how are you guys
that was one tape right it's pretty
proud of me right we've got some
sunshine today which has got us feeling
a little more alive than usual it's been
gray and rainy guys know we were going
up to do some of my favorite things look
at RC cars you want to look at RC cars
we were just talking about what are we
gonna do if we get a newer C with Zeus
Zeus does not let you drive in our C car
he has to eat it doesn't he
if you watch yesterday's vlog if you
watch yesterday's vlog you see what Zeus
can do to an RC car that thing is so
wicked holy cow
it's like a crawler this is Ron this is
the owner he is the reason that I buy
too much stuff every time I come here
all the coolest toys in town your
selection is massive dude look at that
rocket my brother Dale just met up with
us you ready to have some fun or what
you know when we come in here it's like
what can we destroy what can i yeah
the old metal parts so how old's this RC
I don't know maybe back 20 years I would
probably I would say probably in the 80s
all right guys what's the odds there was
a nail place beside here Britney just
let me see me and the boys are looking
at RC cars she gets her nails Donna's
convienence always in there
okay so we're following Gael - it's like
a palace place you guys excited we got
some serious stuff I can't wait to show
you what we're gonna do you guys know
I've always been an RC junkie I'm like a
child when it comes to our C's I love
them Hobbes but I was raised on like
back when you used to have to build them
now you just open them out of the box
and they're ready okay there's a nail
place I can get my toes done guys go eat
every time we start you get something
done so today all right guys today we're
at what is it Firebird Barbara's tail
has been here we've never been here
we're all starving I don't think any of
us really beat them Oh grit mates make
the toast but it's wearing off the time
is it are you filming us checking off I
think you guys might have a new flogger
I think you guys might have a new
vlogger soon this kid is always filming
and taking pictures oh you blew my kiss
I'm gonna do it no one's gonna say it
what are we doing food blog he's the one
that's always like aren't you gonna do
food once we're gonna do it barbecue
ribs burger mouthful of food over here
Brittany's eatin Kane's mac and cheese
Kane's vlogging all right so we finished
he and Brittany just ran in to get Zeus
a new dog leash so they can go on this
crazy walk adventure thing every morning
where did he go so what are we gonna do
with these are C's guys what are we
gonna do I just want to play with them
how about we know I got some crazy
little drone that you can fly from his
iPod or iPad right iPod
well you don't from your iPod oh you can
just see whatever the drone sees that's
cool maybe you guys can help me I want
to do a crazy RC video let's just
imagine that an RC company would allow
us to do anything we want with some RC
cars what would we do what can we do
tell me I want I like our love our
season wanna do something like bizarre
and crazy and big with RC cars what
you do hey you got up here really quick
I don't even think I noticed okay you
guys see this Steakhouse over here yeah
years and years ago Britney and I came
up here looking for somewhere to eat
nice like a nice place and we didn't
know what that place was we didn't know
we just saw a steak house really let's
go have some steak right so we walk in
completely underdressed like we didn't
know it was like a dress fancy place we
open it up there's only like a few
things on the menu right all of it was
like if the 60 a lot like it was
expensive we had to get up and walk out
of the steakhouse we had no money we
didn't know like like steakhouse stuffs
was like you know Applebee's there's
something so we walked in there we had
to walk out of the restaurant we did not
have enough money to pay for that dinner
it was so embarrassing like yeah we'll
just start with some water like we
opened them in usually we gotta go it
was so embarrassing walking out of a
steakhouse everyone could tell ya always
chasing the day chasing that sunshine we
made it home check out this little guy
we're gonna build an indoor track here
he comes
you got some new Zeus stuff new stuff
for Zeus yeah we're back home I got some
crazy new cool toys this is this truck
right here is an exact upgrade from this
truck this is like the adult version
right here Kane is gonna step it up he
is a phenomenal RC driver
it's crazy no uh this is a sweet little
drone that bluetooth to your iPod right
so whatever it sees you see on your
phone so you can drive it around
Zuse super deluxe hearty pack look at
that Zeus you could put your hey you put
your tennis balls in here yeah come here
he's like heck no you can't shut it
that's cool you have to actually screw
it into the wood no problem all this
technology requires a lot of setup and a
lot of reading man daddy is definitely
lacking in that department everyone's
always like you're the video guy and
like no I ain't hold a camera and edit
that's I don't know how to do this stuff
that's wicked
oh it's sick okay we obviously be
obviously know not to do it with Zeus
right lift off just a little I wanna see
it move this is like I got a ball we can
play with the ball ding
check these out guys we're gonna build
an indoor little track that's just the
start of it I don't know we had to have
their like real heavy little rubber
cones like they're not plastic they're
legit really heavy what what is there's
one more there's bodies in here it's
groceries besides like fresh meats and
veggies well who around here is eating
staplers well I was home in office
Britney found out she says she told the
whole family she's like she found out
you can order groceries on long why
don't we ever get a day an age where you
can order groceries online it shows up
at your house
like what does that Han couple days yeah
not this one though you got or come on
little Keener's whoo while we're waiting
for all the batteries to charge and
juice up we're gonna go over to my
brothers and do some gaming I think you
guys are you driving our my it's frozen
solid boy seeing someone Oh tails flying
knows what's up Owen no no no no no
we're just breaking it in get it
breaking it how did you get this
jellyfish dude hey we had imported from
the Caribbean I'm not at liberty to
discuss they do look pretty real the
cats look real to Owen just came to take
you away you're leaving your daddy I
love you have fun trying to tip too late
I got big plans for you tomorrow you
hear that on that's what I'm afraid of
I'd be lucky if one is when you go to
bed so you guys like the little retro
game play last week it was that last
week already what is happening Oh
anyway you guys like we're gonna go all
the way back california games definitely
don't remember all of this but we played
it a lot I remember the surfing and the
BMX there was hacky sack oh my gosh
hacky sack on the big air
so we are setting up for a little retro
game style I didn't show you guys this
last time but when I got home and
started editing the footage we didn't
realize how much green tattoos that I
have mainly on the top part of my arm so
when we were removing the screen my arm
was disappearing isn't that crazy it was
it made it hard at it too you may you
may have noticed that in mine I'm
wearing a hoodie just so that we can
remove it easier here we go guys just
work a lot Boronia games escape this
this is old-school I love you actually
what one was just made 80-77 everyone's
up half I don't know I press first a may
to start I'm sure you have to like tap
your right under the Hollywood Sun no
you got a pump dude get the tapper hole
ha ha ha oh that's you well I except I
was tapping and it ended all this is
legit Tony Hong the Hostgator turn wait
oh yes you what you have to do I have no
idea sitting on the board yeah you're
like waiting to jump here I like the
launch pic OH
kill it I don't know what to do
oh sorry maybe it's this maybe you
actually have tapped forward by pump it
for a bit ah where do you give you two
turns and gave me one it's just one
trophy dude that was bad and Roman took
first it was one accidental 180 won the
football game and now this book bag
man I remember this I remember that song
Oh Oh pick it up pick it up pick it up
pick it away no oh here we go Oh Oh are
we going for the foot flat head oh oh
you got it oh yeah do the graphics are
unbelievable
it's crazy that when these games came
out the graphics were insane like
they're like it's not getting any better
than this yeah how can it get better
than it looks so real and now it's
painful look at it's like the mspaint
like you can't draw your slower
backwards you're a big time how do you
flip ran out of time how long can you do
that you're crushing the floor I gotta
get that bird oh that's all I'm gonna do
right okay hit d-pad over to spin Oh
next time try to spin hit it once and
then spin back around I get it let's do
it here we got 360 180 oh wow oh I could
take it back in okay we're one in one
yes footbag that's what's wrong I'm not
out of this game I am NOT asking my
favorites I'm out of playing now but no
that's oh yeah you have to ride the rut
wave sideways you still got this I don't
know whether to push I think I just
blaring right no left is back right is
forward
no no it's bad so you hit you hit left
to go right oh you got it
all right
you may have to like carve there you go
remember whatever whatever angle you
leave the wave is the angle you have to
come back at the time so I still have a
minute yeah about this you know like
three times
oh you rectory my heats over all my
weight looks even ever better not my
best work wait oh yeah just a do
anything I don't know oh we're lining up
for a tie
what happens if no one gets a point
we're on oh yes oh you got a tool you
would dang it no you won
you got a point I want to try that one
again that's good
skating oh yeah I remember this one I
have not like neither one of us have
played this this is the first time I'm
like ah face smack see that looked
painful
we have not played this since we played
it as kids so I so just a heads up
there's a super delay on the jump did
you're cruisin gotta get the point I
want that go come on baby she's
definitely in that how you trick o KF
loves Jim knows like you don't come back
from that he's not a hair that's blood
yeah that's that's a mean face plant
oh I got this dude I used to be a skater
chicks oh oh oh banana peel can you do
tricks like spend this yeah somehow Oh
dead Bop oh 16 y/o she got skills you're
growing Oh like there's just a beach
ball stuck in motion
dang me on that one Oh tying it up this
used to be one of my favorites right
here oh my god yeah you're like on a
terrible mountain but it's not even BMX
bike reminds me a rad yeah Jones hide it
like trying to do some sort of like turn
up yes
here we go ah
doggy haha this is me what do you push
it yeah and then B jumps and then the
d-pad trick boom this is so unfair
wait how do you do Meli watch this I got
a foam up a wheelie backflip Oh too bad
hot shot oh you still crushed me is that
is that you still crushed me flying this
I didn't remember this one oh this one
was fun alright so I want to see if to
hit in the green here and then back
there we go
sounds about right good luck bro
that look good I don't think you did it
oh please push the other I know it's
d-pad you don't need any of the buttons
here we go there we go nice well that's
it yes and then you can control your guy
remember if you kept oh yeah I'm running
oh man here we go
Oh died for it oh my gosh oh wait still
you there we go oh yeah that was good
you have to push a button to catch cuz
my guy did nothing yeah yeah trying to
read what the sign says
is it yard or me do not feed the Bears
oh now I'm getting points but for no
reason this was this game was all about
having girls fall on their faces I don't
know how to catch she had a and then
it's just left and right
oh okay hi I mean it's gotta be err be
right or it wasn't a eight dimes
definitely not a go you can huh falling
discs result that's it Rama takes first
read it what's up
wait what's that one say Oh row row if
you Robin number one alright let's let's
let's do surfing again doing some events
here we go we get we had to read we had
to redo surfing this was definitely one
of the funnest back from the dead so if
you leave at that angle you have to
return at that same angle I get it you
got it I'll get this I guess that drop
in is so Steve you gotta tap tap tap
listen up music dude let's go ahead and
easy one time in the air it hit I was
pushing that I didn't like the turbo
button come on no oh looks like at Legos
shark not a good start not against we
have it faster I want to say a what
trying to get a at the same time I feel
like it speeds it up I got baby clumps I
don't know I don't know turn coming in
oh I would have to get more points for
ducking back towards the wave come on
this little Hawaiian dudes on it oh if
you hold a how are you now we can do it
let's try again time getting that Mike
bottom 2.4 that's the hot bag not bad
all right I feel smoother now kind of I
feel like I actually need to go out and
surf to really get a handle
ah rubba trying to one-up me here now my
guy was not going that fast
that's gonna be tens Oh what happened
what happened something smoking guys we
got miscommunication what technical
difficulties and we're back and we're
back all right come on
lock it up look the perfect endless wave
too literally you can Brian I know
no you're right here we go come on get
on it get on it
lock it up score counts it's my last
wave there we go we're going up all the
way rotate oh you're actually breaking
the game boom okay so I had to bounce
out of there Noah forgot some stuff so I
got to run it over to him I hope you
guys liked a little retro video gaming
you guys know I'm all about family and a
sit back with my brother
play some old video games it's great
it's such a good feeling I love it I
hope you did enjoy it if you did it just
you know what let me know you guys want
to see more games or or let me ask you
this and be honest what if I just start
a gaming channel honestly and we just
put up some fun gaming videos I could
have special guests I could have
flyin' I can have other gamers here I
could like we could make it a big deal
or I can just put them in these vlogs so
just let me know
Roman make another channel for games or
just put them in the blogs that's wrong
at least you're sticking around watch my
family I know this is a lot of family
stuff that's what I've been doing
his family stuff and that's because
things are about to get really busy
so I'm soaking it up I'm enjoying I hope
you are too don't let it pass
get on it alright guys I'm back home
Cain went to sleep
Noah bailed on me I got I got stood up
tonight man we had some cool ideas for
some RC stuff I guess I guess we'll
postpone that we have some fun stuff to
do with them I'm just gonna end the vlog
then Britney's already asleep I'm by
myself right now
no I'm not I got you buddy I got you
baby
hmm I wonder if Zeus slept on the couch
while I was gone like I said a lot of
things are about to get busy and I'm
soaking out with the family so thank you
for being here
while we're just home like the it's to
me it's the greatest time of my life
being home the double-edged sword of it
is is I've been required to be other
places sometimes so those things are
about to happen
I love you guys thanks for sticking
around you are the greatest tell me if
you want the game channel or just put it
in the box
I love you I will see you tomorrow mama
you're beautiful here we go
whoa
