you gotta reach out you gotta grab what
you want like grab it
hey hey guys welcome to the Atwoods
I didn't get cheese in your mouth sir
haha fishtank Todd is here this morning
you know I think his name's gonna be
pinball Todd because every time he's
here to work on the fish tank now he's
just playing pinball what's going on so
what started it like this fun toy 4002
extremely competitive game what's up
with that my paddle up okay it doesn't
work during Toto rescue I don't even
know how this game is so bad this is so
bad Todd comes over he's like I'm
beating your score today I'm not leaving
till I beat it he might actually beat it
you still got two more balls I'm like
357 right I got this I got that's it
357 I didn't want to start the vlog like
this you just come over here and wreck
my life there's me come on there's me
not in one ball there's me you're a less
than 10 you know you're ten thousand
away basically nobody wants to see me
succeed yeah they do I want you if you
beat me I have something I have to beat
oh my god old time hang on let's just
see you did take my number four but I'm
still number three somehow dude I
thought you killed nine what happened
I'm sweating Brits in Lego Land you were
supposed to leave like an hour ago
what's up dude what's up
what are you playing what is this they
xscape exist so Brittany and Kane are
going grocery shopping I have something
that I want to show you guys but I want
to do with you and it's gonna be a blast
it's something I used to do and I was a
little kid this is something you guys
can do parents kids it's a blast and I
guarantee you've never seen it
for you up for it are you gonna play the
XK pistol they're tired duck just got
here Cain's got some presents for you
Merry Christmas
what is that that's from uncle doc holy
yeah
bling bling do you see what I got Britt
then she's been cooking a lot that's
what I got that's it fire extinguisher
my favorite set your favorite
how did Kano rip it just rip it we ain't
keeping that boss and a gift card out
back
she's got it out back yes she is
Victoria's Secret
whoa all right Noah all we need is this
box okay yeah come on Zeus you come with
us you're coming with us it has been
wicked wicked nasty out rainy gray but
all we needs a box to have fun this is
something eat all you need is a box a
decent sized box it can be bigger maybe
smaller depending how big you are ready
this is a game called tanks this is what
me and my brother used to do for hours
outside ready hop in hop in get in there
all right now just like a hamster you're
gonna push forward and keep pushing
until this turns into a perfect circle
no no no we can both the fun part is
both of us getting in
you can push like we had a hill we can
just climb it you just push on do it try
to go over it
climate don't flop around like a fish
climb you're a tank don't fall out no
you're gonna be so muddy okay so maybe
we were littler than I remember being
because we could just court we could
just get in a box and go like anywhere
through the through the brush
you've made it you've made it a little
tank that could alright we may have
picked a bad day for this oh my gosh
dude you look better than me sit down
sit down time to clean your feet I wish
you had shoes I could just pop on and
off not know about you but after being
out in that cold makes me want some warm
toast Dale got me this custom toaster
that let me see open it up but it
supposedly will burn smile more into the
toast we had an example yeah it's down
here this is actually a piece of toast
that came with it
mm-hmm you want piece of toast my mom
redirections
oh wait this right here put it
right there
I'll get the bread let's do this yeah
right now no yeah
one two oh my god this is so awesome it
works so I don't know it's the first
time doing it so I don't know if
settings need I don't get it
oh she's on it's on so I was like it's
on fire mother look pretty Electrical
moans it doesn't explode in my face I
think we're good okay let's try should
we try it keep going it's your call
it's your call keep going I don't know
it's been cooking a little while I see
it toasting we can always pop it back
down all right let's try it oh I don't
think we did it long enough well no it
looks like we oh I just totally ripped
it out that one was closed so we had it
in backwards though right because it's
spelled reverse I know what it is it's
the it's the see how big the space is on
the bread versus yeah the one that came
with it doesn't have it's like flat this
is real course you said I need sandwich
bread it's like flat there's no like
holes in it that would work huh like
Swiss cheese like caramel apples bananas
I don't know what we're talking about
show them inside this is something I
actually want to show you guys when I
got this thing it's inside of the
pinball machine this is like a work of
art
that is like looking into some type of
alien brain I would imagine you know to
work on that what like if something goes
wrong you know how to fix that ever fix
it
look at that I don't even know how
professionals would take apart they get
lost in there you ever been to an arcade
you put your quarter in and it pops out
up change to a chain and then it falls
out through here oh please just get your
quarterback to put it in and come out no
no you ever get one jammed that's what
you can push that in you actually put
one in it would fall right that's a big
change Bend I should start charging
around here for this game yeah I bet
Todd wouldn't be playing all day let me
saving up your lunch money right here
all right no Britney and Kane are away
and we just wanted to show you guys how
different life is when you add music to
it for example we're gonna eat a bowl of
cereal and let's just see how it changes
when you add music to it alright that
easy we're not gonna do anything
different
we're just gonna out of music
so dry touch eat a bowl of cereal like
normal let's add just a little music you
ready
you do it do it you've got this
I know but into this day that you eat
all that damn real get it
oh let's see another example like
looking for somebody right so what you
want just don't have anything now let's
add a little music you're not gonna quit
you're not gonna give up
you're gonna go at it like a dag on
Tiger Tail
I can do the mountains and snow you're
gonna push through and you're gonna make
it happen nobody said it was easy
nobody said it was easy but you can do
it I know you can do it like this donkey
pitches tennis ball right now you can
tip it
yes you were supposed to catch them all
you were supposed to catch the ball my
buddy Jeff fun mmmnot had some fun too
we're just goofing off right before you
got here looks like a lot of goodies
whoa nice power slide did candles 51 oh
sure you guys are where you always see
candles being but we burned so many
candles look we just got this two days
ago oh no reason
we just this music came on it just took
control of us
I got Britney this now you don't read
too much just snap it on there I got
this little wine bottle opener for Brett
wait is it yeah wow that's it the foil
oh sweet
Oh cuz it actually pulls it up oh wait
no I have a quark saver it's a red wine
that's discussed
running out real quick Noah and I my
little buddy my little man up for
tonight is goofy it was fun we are
parting ways for now
what do you got there
poster for Owen giving up one of your
posters well
yes I'm taking oo-over and yeah that's
it I'm gonna go back home she lets get
though anybody get the bomb are you
ready guys listen talking to you because
you've been waiting you've been waiting
to the New Year to start this thing that
it is you want to accomplish what does
the New Year have to do with anything
why didn't you start a week ago when I
said it why don't you start two weeks
ago when I told you think about this
imagine where you would be right now if
you started one year ago
think about it think about it guys stop
waiting I say this all the time time
doesn't give a beep doesn't it doesn't
care about me doesn't care about you
it's moving fast it's sucking fast
forward you see the movie clique that's
what it is that's our life we don't have
much time anyways I'm trying to pump you
up a little bit man in this vlog with
motivation get up lose something turn it
off now turn this blood off right now
and do what it is you want to do funny
thing is you can do it but you can but
you're like well I need this or I'm
waiting on this guy to help me I know
when you figure it out when you figure
out you can do everything you want to do
on your own you're gonna kill them
you're gonna be the king of the jungle
baby and sometimes you're out chasing
these dreams of yours and you realize
you already have everything you need
right here
zushio my team right all right guys I am
going to close this vlog down and spend
some time with these little rascals
watch your movie what's the last time we
watched a movie theater
honestly one movie pixels with the kids
that was the last movie we watched
that's insane
that's been what two months let's watch
a movie tonight that's what I do we are
gonna cut it off huh I bet we didn't
show it in the vlog today but we played
two board games today's comment what is
your favorite board game what board
games should we buy because I just
started collecting some these are like
our first board games
we have monopoly that's a good one but
that's kind of hard for Kane's age so
looking for fun family stuff guys hit me
up I love you we will see you tomorrow
thanks for all the support and being
here yeah we will see you tomorrow we
love you thanks for everything guys
smile more
all right warping over to dale's we are
gonna do some retro gaming when I say
retro I mean maybe games you've never
heard of before or a lot of you never of
yore if you're like us then you grew up
with these games
