hey guys good morning mom our oh good
morning Keener's are you guys building
some Legos Brittany just almost beat me
and pin but wait where's the score at
how could you started a game I can't see
it it'll reboot by the time you come
back okay I was wrapping up the blog
this morning and Bert was playing
pinball and she was like what 6000 away
from my score I just started sweating
like in a panic mode because I got so
lucky getting this look okay so where is
it okay so the pinball machine came with
its own scores which none of us have
even gotten the top four yet here's boom
there's me number six 159 Brit just got
151 and I still don't know who this
initial I just went with Rome oh maybe
that's wrong but I'm gonna go with Rome
what the heck it's like super warm out
guys what the heck are we doing with
this thing it's times like this I'm
actually glad I was a little bummed
there's a back seat in this car for some
reason but it's actually been working
out it's fun
it's our family wagon
all right I got a funny story for you
guys I've never told I don't I may have
told you before okay so back when I was
in high school it's really popular to do
a thing called break check stupidest
thing on the planet don't ever do it
it was called break check you yell break
check you'd slam on the brakes and
everybody in the car would go flying
forward right so I had this new kid that
came to our school first day at our new
screen right yeah first day of school I
was like oh dude I'll take you all like
just like helping the kid out his name
was Patrick so we're driving a little
got a car full of my buddies and out of
nowhere I'm just like this was before it
was illegal you don't have to wear a
seatbelt this was before seatbelts for
my clicking ticket like all that stuff
happened I was like break check slammed
on the brakes he went flying forward
broke his nose on my front windshield
and shattered my windshield dumbest
thing ever don't ever do that to anybody
but that's a true story first day of
school I met the kid that day
accidentally broke his nose
broke my windshield now we ended up
being really good all the time yeah
something about that brother knows
brothers alright we just dropped Noah
off yesterday I took Noah out to
Christmas shop today Britney and I today
Brittany and I are out fighting the
fight is crazy out here like and you
think the stores are giving this stuff
away so here we are shopping is hard for
Christmas and vlogging because people
see what we're gonna get them most our
family watches the blog so this is what
we're getting my mom all she's just
gonna love that yeah yeah get two of
them for her she had two of those oh
yeah for my brother that's getting no
good it really cool well that's for my
dad my dad's all we wanted a
cheeseburger purse the cheeseburgers she
no one really wants a watch so we were
thinking maybe which one
it's tough decision hey or the B no he
likes B's I think he just told me like
B's his favorite creature
oh my gosh it's not falling apart so
much jelly it is the Christmas train I
see it well I think I know the next
thing we need to put in the yard my dog
would just trample it looks like our
tree I mean the light part half of its
lit oh yeah Kane's gonna love that
yeah lucky candy so every night before
bed I tell Kane a story I call it once
upon a time when we just make up a
complete story and I'm thinking maybe I
get him a puppet and I do once upon a
time from the puppet what do you guys
think I think you like that like what
should I get though once upon a time
haha I can't decide I can't discharge
give it his mouth this primal what my
hands cramped even in this it'll fill
out when we're using it there's a
squirrel squirrel
alright I think I like the puppet Oh
will you say that oh ok so we're not the
best we're last-minute shoppers but
we're out to get
I love this girl
now we are having fun it's nice out
usually it's like snowing and wet and
slushy and cold yes this is great I'm
wearing a beanie do you guys know why
you guys know why I'm wearing a beanie I
got a third eye growing on top of my
head Shawn Shawn
at least it's Christmas colors though
it's like a little white ball on my head
Noah said it best today he was like you
should draw Rudolph on your forehead and
my pimple will be Rudolph's knees climb
the gate oh my gosh she just dropped a
hundred dollar bill and a lady was like
you dropped that that was really nice
she gave it to her this is Santa's line
he did not want to meet Fanta but I told
him I would bring his letter so I want
to show him that I saw you got built
like a paper airplane and throw it at
him
well I lost Britt I lost her I don't
know where she is we were standing
beside each other and then gone look out
here all by myself now when we parked
today this place was packed packed now
we're like the last of hey I could hear
you okay we're out of the mayhem we did
send me good we did we didn't finish
which is a big problem we are shopping
to do it's already it's already getting
late we're out there though it's
incredibly busy I like
throw
we went into a store and somebody had
just freshly he threw up and it just
stunk about me just like I didn't smell
it at first you were like hey nurse he
wasn't even hired and he just didn't
care we were home are you happy are you
happy
it's like while we were gone Kate how do
you open it it's my makeup case
open it open it Candis Cayne filled
Brittany's makeup case
he's trying to catch all of them he goes
for a particular one you know what you
know we should do we should rake them
all up and have them dive in it hey mom
hand me that boogie board over the
yellow boogie board
oh my gosh
ready Zeus yeah we just piled up this
corner ready go get it oh I thought he
was gonna go into it he has to start
back here if the run
all right guys very quick vlog today I
know this is a short one we have a I
wasn't going to tell you guys this it's
kind of all last second we have a very
awesome special guest coming in tomorrow
to our house
it's a big surprise like it's gonna be
awesome I think we're gonna shoot a big
fun challenge video that seems to be
what everybody's enjoying lately it's
just a good challenge video so we're
gonna shoot that with them two people
I'm super excited about it so I'm gonna
end I'm gonna edit and have it all done
tonight so we can start fresh tomorrow
and look at our tree it's like half lit
just like that one so that's it guys
it's really all I got suppose would be a
really fun day and of course Christmas
is it's like basically here it's gonna
come and go so fast
unfortunately I've actually been really
enjoying it this year we've been we've
been trying to be ahead of it we set up
our tree earlier our uh I don't know
what's going on with that thing
everything's plugged in I know I'm a
wreck I'm a mess my face is all broken
out and it's just it is what it is like
I can't do anything about it I've never
really cared too much about what I look
like I mean of course I care everybody
I think cares what they look like but I
don't know it's whatever it's
I am I am me so that's it I love you
guys
your beautiful smile more don't forget
how awesome you are you're one of a kind
people want to be you
you think I'm kidding smile more guys
we'll see you tomorrow coz I'm hiding my
hide in my pimple okay ready ready to
kind of there
