what is up guys hope you're having an
awesome day we are actually trying to
get out of this house I'm not gonna lie
yesterday's toy drive vlog sent me way
back it took me all morning and all into
the afternoon to get it done so we're
walking out of here good news is I don't
know if I told you guys no one lost his
iPod last week we thought it was a goner
we thought maybe got thrown in the trash
we didn't know what happened we knew
that he was using it on the couch we
tore this couch apart lifted it's where
every cushion off dug through it no luck
this morning Noah comes over lifts this
cushion and it's right there friggin
impossible dude it is a Christmas
miracle
so we're trying to walk out here right
now and yeah you ready let's do it let's
do it you want show him the new toy we
got at the house right here Oh baby
destruction time you gonna drive it
rolling into town really quickly we got
to run into one store get some stuff
Brittany's going to make a ton of
christmas cookies with my mom Dale's
wife is it and you are you going I think
can't just the kids are kicked out of
the kitchen kitchen if you guys watch
yesterday's vlog we ended up filling
eight truckloads of toys guys they said
they usually fill one or two we filled
eight truckloads of toys on to the
Salvation Army this morning so so
excited about that thank you guys
everyone the Senate oh and that was
there yesterday unbelievable day for me
like a complete eye opener on life are
you ready yeah mr. sleepy boys whoa you
guys were up late last night party
hearty
don't smile
no smiling mommy he's smiling giant red
boy cookie kit will you ever train
gingerbread train oh my gosh we should
make who can make the ugliest sweater
the whole family all of us may be fun so
we just found a 4 player 4 player
gingerbread house kit and maybe we do a
new candle the coolest of the worst
house I don't know do you even know
where you're going
some of you guys may have noticed that
Zeus is back at our house and we're
walking around looking at things we
haven't had a dog for a while he's been
staying with it with her mom I can't
frickin chicken nugget meatballs I would
eat that you could literally get me with
that put some a1 sauce on there done Hey
look little cheeseburgers don't smile
cheeseburger just want to personally
thank every store that feels the need to
put these things right at the exit it's
a science they know man they know the
kids are gonna have to stop well we're
gonna have to hear it go
look at that smile
it was pathetic mom okay one more time
of day we're all rooting for you
okay we're bouncing out of there we took
Noah to a birthday party which is only
there for like two by the time we get
home and you get Chesham I feel right
back out and get him that's alright we
are Brittany's gonna do some cookies
it's my hard to drive with that on I'll
just keep that off
we are hey we love you come on Zeus look
her daddy's got daddy's got like one
serving size for you okay we cannot be
home long but we had to bring sue some
look at this Zeus what's the food in
this place it's destroying hey sit stay
okay he's like I'm going whether you
like it or not oh you don't want it are
you hungry
okay you guys may be remembered a few
weeks ago maybe even a month ago I've
seen this Christmas outfit and for those
of you didn't know it's never been in
the vlog because when my grandpa died
years and years and years ago all of the
Atwoods for some reason we stopped
getting together for Christmas is like
not getting together but like all of us
would rent out a place and we would have
Christmas this year is the first year
since that all the out words are gonna
nice is like a huge family event that
we've never certain the vlog since we've
never done it and I'm not talking about
like my mom and dad and my brother I
mean like the Atwood it's like a huge
group of people
150 150 of us so tomorrow night is the
Atwood Christmas so you guys are gonna
see like the whole family but check out
my outfit I got like a soup made out of
Christmas movie what do you like it game
yeah but it came in the wrong size so
it's like big no little bummed out it
came in big and I'm a small guy so like
it's hard to find things that fit me but
my dad's in a
sowe're so I'm going to take it over and
see if you can tailor this up a little
bit by tomorrow I don't know who knows
this is a hundred and thirty five pounds
you said 135 why are you messing up my
vlog what's up Papa cookie cookies in
the kitchen yeah what do we got going on
over here he was so happy grandma sue is
here so you think you think you can do
the job well I think I don't see so this
is think this is the jacket which is it
I mean it's big but it's not that bad I
can get away with this
yeah I was gonna get you one it was
green and I had like the stripes like
the Christmas stripes on it I mean take
you guys while I was gone this week how
we sent us a Christmas gift
look at this Nutcracker and it's wow
it's really heavy
mash it you want to help man all right
tribe have at it it's just like candy
just good that's why good stuff
yeah but rough Connor likes all that
weird stuff right right out here come
here came push it down harder faster
harder push
maybe let's try it up higher let's see
if we can get it higher on there maybe
hit it smash it go oh my gosh I was just
leaving to go get know and I just
smashed into my parents car I don't know
if you can see it Oh sucks look at the
tire mark boom ah now I get to go back
and tell my parents I hit their car that
sucks so bad you ever like something
goes wrong when you're trying to help
people out happens all the time it's
like resistance I always talk about it
it is resistance man things are always
trying to bring you down the new year is
coming up and some of you guys are
guilty you've been pushing off something
you want to do and you're like I'm just
gonna wait till the new year I'm going
to start fresh start right now man the
new year is coming like it's gonna be
like that new year and you're gonna be
like crap just start now ease your way
into it starts small right now and by
the time the new year's is here you'll
be ready like go get it let's go how do
you see it oh my gosh it's kind of hard
to tell on camera oh did I think I got
lucky but that door needs replaced look
it's like popping out freaking a cotton
well those are awesome little Christmas
tree Oreos strawberries okay so
I owe you a new back door I just hit
your car leaving leaving Britney parks
so close there's nothing I could do it's
over for I'm not kidding I really did
just-just-just the big rubber tire hit
it that's it but it didn't it
you've had three people hit it three
times the charm I know I didn't see it
you just walk back home and I know
Meow's were sitting here like looking at
last-minute Christmas stuff we have so
like we're so behind on light on
everything always the ones out shopping
on Christmas Eve we really are so like
online and then we realize that every
website you came order now because it's
like everything says you'll get it after
Christmases you a nice place to be now I
guess she's already tired we're gonna
wrap this blog up guys I know this is a
super short vlog that meetup log killed
me today like I should've got started on
last night but we played pinball on me
we slacked I select yeah it was nice it
was really nice after that day you can't
believe I ever said this in the vlogs
when we do meet ups you crash so hard
afterwards you don't really realize for
hours you're like smiling in your I'm
entertaining yeah it's like I'm in the
zone for hours and that was like ten
straight hours or even twelve hours so
what stopped me in the last the last
thing I want mine was like putting the
footage in and editing so felt good to
just wake up and start fresh and I'm
just making expenses now and I also wore
this beanie today because we have a new
friend one stamp it's not my hair it's
this giant zit I've been hiding
actually he started out with I didn't
wanted to do my hair cuz it's getting
too long and then I was like oh and I
have this is it so I'm just gonna throw
being you huh we love you guys we gotta
go
we love you what are you getting for
Christmas what are you asking for for
Christmas
we love you guys so much thanks for
hanging out again thank you for
yesterday it was just what we needed and
what I just wanted to give a huge back
like that so that we love you guys
so much thanks for the support
what are you asking for for Christmas we
will see you tomorrow smart young blind
up nice and me what's going on what's up
guys
let's go
