hey hey I am blogging like this can I do
my entrapment for you or you don't we do
it you're going you're going crazy I'm
even backing up like repositioning my
spot hi today we are getting an
increment we're getting an incredibly
late start to today we're actually
jumping right into dinner which it's not
that much but since it's dark out it
seems late chuckles who are these little
Wildcats like a shirt boy Cain Cain
didn't want taco so he's having pizza
rolls cameras everywhere if you miss
yesterday's vlog we did the cannon
sprinkles this is what's left of the
sprinkles so as you can see we really
didn't even phase the sprinkles and I
want to show you if you did miss
yesterday's vlog we got your life yeah
oh my gosh it looks worse what'd you do
so this is the deck after the cake
challenge you can obviously tell where I
was standing so you guys are having a
great day we are yeah we're giving late
start but we're doing something that's
very promised and we owe it to you guys
to do a mail vlog we're jumping into it
right after dinner and you see how much
we can open tonight we're not gonna open
a few we're gonna see how many we can
open so it's gonna be a mix between
vlogging and mail and family there's a
bunch outside but we got to go out and
get them you know help me carry him no
you're gonna help me sure how do I put
this came from oh yeah no it wasn't here
when we open these but this is from who
was it from I'd have to watch the vlog
but he made it with a 3d printer printer
yes what it says checkout out your
t-shirt says Noah
that's awesome - Noah so we're just
gonna try to rob flog it today guys for
you this is uh just what we're doing and
we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna jump
into the mail - so I'm excited are you
joining us for dinner
heck yeah baby tacos Sunday Oh talking
to Sal it's good I like that this is how
you get kids to eat right here no not
the tacos you don't feed them for about
three or four days and then they just
kill it
you want to try them on you just filled
up with pizza rolls you gonna try to
talk Oh Tom come here real quick I gotta
ask you something really important
listen hey why they finish eatin do you
want to go get mail you do okay come on
come on dude you got to get up if you
want to get mail so we got quite a bit
of fan mail built up here there's piles
just about everywhere there's more in
Kane's classroom there's buckets and
buckets of letters and mail somehow this
one got opened and I don't have the box
or the paper so I don't know who's in it
this is our answer guys all right good
job worker bees we got some boxes in
here to start I think this is all we can
do tonight which is a huge portion like
we'll be pretty caught up on boxes
tonight it is a school night so we are
limited on time but let's let's let's
get to it
mom come join us come on down here
I can be careful please enjoy your gift
from Oliver roll oh just what you need
let me see let me see what is it be
careful oh my god it's legit yeah
Brittany just wants to say thank you in
advance for the BB guns here's a little
bit of a true story for you when I was a
kid I had a pellet gun and it was the
first time I pumped my gun up and I saw
this bird up in a tree and I shot it
that was the moment I realized I could
never be a hunter because it broke my
heart I've never killed an animal
outside of that I guess I guess counting
vehicle accidents I've hit a couple
stuff this truly says that I'm very um I
get very sad when it comes to the
killing animals I cried in King Kong
King Kong died yeah so I'm not much of a
man's man I cannot hunt yeah I can never
kill a deer like I get it for the
hunters like I like eating the food bike
if you can't do it okay thanks Oliver by
the way let's keep moving
know what says Kane Atwood does that one
too no whoa no whoa mama won't you pick
a box out no it's got a ball in it too
Oh akadama be from the same person
yeah baseball baseball glove and kodamas
yeah we have a series Kodama collection
we should start a fan Kodama whoo
put your hand out like this Rubik that's
a cool shirt actually ready set yeah
dude don't throw it back all right
oh you got a dive yeah no I'm um oh what
we got here
I don't know wait who was the stuff from
there's no name on the bat other gloves
I'm sorry there's no name oh I hate that
looks like somebody scratched that out I
think that signatures for Kannamma
champs of the world just kidding I no
idea whoever sent the gloves and the
toys what is it I'm not open the worst
thing she could open snake-oil game what
is that and let me read the label hope
you have an incredible holiday season
Merry Christmas from Eric Edwardson he
only their mama opens is about snakes
you guys know how much she hates snakes
so it's a snake Gansevoort game or
something family stuff thank you guys
love that don't you understand that
ready practice makes perfect
here huh have Cain open it here open it
up thanks Omar
yeah I know you like them hey that's a
gift from Omar Thanks oh boy what could
it be
it looks like peace oh it's one of those
fake iPad awesome well awesome we can do
all kinds of stuff with that I'll be so
mean it looks like they took the actual
iPad but wait it's just display model
yeah either that it's a real iPad it's
frozen what's in this heavy box
take another box out it's probably rocks
my name is rocky Bowen and family watch
your vlogs my wife and I are 29 years
old my son is identical to Kate yes
three years old and loves his dirt my
excitement and being crazy holy moly
I think it's a gun target it feels like
a target you often talk about unique
targets listen to this thing
hey rocky and family thanks dude you
will definitely see me shoot your
targets in the vlogs you still trying to
figure out if it's real or fake I love
this like homemade stuff so cool look
it's got names in it don't daddies he's
nervous now he's nervous to open things
yeah
mine looks like something that would
explode what mine's got candy anybody's
oh mine craft dudes Mason from Houston
Texas sends us all these little goodies
yet you can have a couple that's yeah it
was wanting to take a second beyond the
little gadgets that you said the box you
made everything's gummy bear duct tape
every box took some time on that yeah oh
my gosh you guys
you're killing us with the fish we've
had three big let's see who's simply
colorful fish that matches that smile
huh smile more baby Evan oh he's
definitely young six years old you could
be our youngest sender ever seen a
six-year-old that's thanks dude can you
guys put a smile on my face every day
and I wanted to give you guys a little
thing back I can picture King getting
some major use out of it thanks what
could gain get a lot of you set up oh I
like those that's that big whoopee
cushion that you fart this is from Luca
in New York and Luca that is a cool name
what is that Kane it's a smiley face out
of pennies by Luca and Andrea we are on
to the next box and this one's coming in
from Lisa Bremen Twix you guys all got
fancy little boys mom are you gonna open
some more they're tricky now they're
tricky now what's in there a nerf gun
yeah looks like a nerf gun in the yo-yo
I like yo-yos
that is heaven for my cup in the
microwave and it started sparking
they're like there's gold on it
what do you mean there's gold in the
paint it's not gold just any paint gold
any metals what are you kidding me I
know you can't put a fork in there but I
didn't think I mean it's coffee that I
who makes a coffee cup you can't put my
word no I'm starting to think you're not
gonna get up oh why do you say so
Hey from the viewers it's to the Roman
Atwood families all right well you're
part of that family so dig in let's see
what mom's got for us sure for Mom all
that might be yours I think mama can get
in that my gosh somebody's whole toy box
what you got mama eating a hand over
here all these boxes are gonna be gone
here we go Roman family
I am Cohen Churchill I'm 11 for Toronto
sent this from Toronto love your
channels especially your vlogs you're
the best youtuber ever
please keep awesome I hope you like this
stuff smart you know what I think one of
them I think you can see the kids loved
it are you already on to another you see
you speed opening boy
wait okay it says hi Robin came here
big hero action figures pertain and a
Lego for Noah hope you guys are going to
like these toys which one Oh an awesome
everybody everybody mom all got the box
opens let's take a second those little
peanuts oh man I got cane it's a wooden
treasure no these are awesome it's a
family owned salsa company no it's not
weekend maybe just from the factory or
whatever medium hot sauce it tastes like
mr. box is
there's a lot of dads being thrown
around this house everybody over to 13
Foods thank you guys the gift is amazing
the box is like so cool I love it mama
we got a spirit well thank you so much
what you what you what you got what you
got
aren't you gift a gift let's see Dylan
it's from Dylan starting to get anything
for the boys maybe next time he'll open
it
dirty know what it is first
oh my gosh it's a same one
yo that's a big bag what does that uh
know Lucy oh it's just a receipt
that's seven pounds of sprinkles to add
to our already that exactly replaces
what we just blue drink
here's a Connecticut magnet have you
ever been to Connecticut
no connect what's in Connecticut guys
tell me some stuff in kinetic exact womp
juice
I only grow soda it's so disgusting
don't give a shot at least you got to
bomb each other
what's in it oh that's tell you swap
juice see what the other one is oh
that's funny
well we know what Connecticut has now
and no it looks pretty
totally gross soda dog drool what's the
name of it hooses SunChips
is there a note no note Henry from North
Carolina
thanks for the Sun chest buddy has her
game night chips now Tracy I caught the
name before he opened it smile more baby
smile more the smallest packet swedish
fish I've ever seen oh I think we got
another toy box here you know it's so
funny for the past two weeks my brother
comes over here and each night he's like
hey you got me playing cards I'm like
why don't I have plenty hearts
somebody just sent us a pack of playing
cards like that logo
let me see look he's got a little button
on the bottom if you push this guy it
looks like you barely made it here
there's fur in there
had we opened it sooner you might have
live just kidding guys just kidding
that is a real raccoon tail squirrel
Lenny no squirrel yes all yours all
broken electronics go to Noah at what's
it boy
keep trying it's like a kitten man he'll
be you you got it boy I keep trying
iron man wouldn't give up thanks baked
broken electronics Angie thanks for the
cool sign and the raccoon yo and the
laser pointer and all the cool stuff Go
Go Power Rangers news
Kane
Oh Kane never show you my tail
I can wag it I can't wag it don't put
it's some artwork what's it who's it
from
yes Sam see this you can hang from your
wall and it's all homemade you know help
me through all my troubles and I will
never
one day forget to smile more awesome Sam
thanks buddy this is one right in our
small more store for sure
I don't know what you put in this coffee
but he's got me hello maybe it's thick
maybe it's the electricity from our boy
bear we out here mama
Noah's all right we got a cool co2 car
which I don't remember what mine was
I remember making these in like junior
high and high school yeah this is not
our first year through car we gun don't
we just get one not yeah we did another
Oliver yeah that's to all of us tonight
I live in Michigan every day I live in
Michigan every day I come home from
school and look forward to watching your
vlogs I'm giving you cane this small
mark on that I made in wood shop it's
awesome dude is a funky design like it
wait you get to make this an old wood
shop yes yeah yeah dude which shot was
definitely one of my favorites did you
just get them cut stop Texas Texas do
you know where the big creeper is that
we have it's its little baby
mm-hmm how many bags of cars almost like
no more cars she's practically walking
on these things all day I only have ever
had a stuffed animal camel that's that's
a that's a first right there so needs to
make a montage every stuffed animal
Cannes grabbed and hug it's so fun
whoa I'll look minute is he gonna do the
hug again he just gives it instant love
love hugs just a hundred or so Noah's
right you dried out
I will not date Roman Atwood I will not
smile more spaces down says no people
love you dude so Liam sent not just the
markers that he made them with but a
whole bunch of small more pictures
thinks they're building building markers
just sounded funny cement experiment
there's something wait I think this is
tooth face oh it is that is what it
smells like toothpaste they must have
been out of sour apple this one's crazy
yeah hang on hang on let's see what Liam
made with all these markers so does that
mean that the painting smelling the Liam
oh he made us all one they're all smile
more pictures with their names on them
before getting it people are starting to
get it right whoa occulta do you think
Browns poop
yeah just try it see if it smells like
blue yeah well that's that's amazing
we're just all sniffed the markers oh
yeah markers that are meant to be
sniffed who would have thought I kind of
like the smell buffer they're bad for
your brain
Aidan from Kansas tons of basketball and
football car my gosh I haven't seen I
used to collect cards man I had books of
cards I forgot that this existed I
really like this I used to love
collecting football cards they've gotten
a lot nicer
that's my man our football card is that
nice now these are like plastic oh look
at that look how nice they are
love your blog's my favourite you too oh
by the way tell Brittany that she is the
sweetest girl I have ever seen where
have you seen her
who is that who was this Liam God you
are a lucky man to have I'm very lucky
guys for sure Liam thank you what did
mr. Liam said I feel like I'm so lucky
guys Turner it's a really long charger
for lightning cable for your phone her
phone mine I feel like I see this liam a
lot is it just me or is Liam send a lot
of stuff
you don't know it's just Liam mom's
credit card
cool Liam thanks buddy
whoa the swamp juicers calling my name
hey guys my name is Victoria from North
Carolina I try to watch your blogs every
day I've been a Roman soldier for about
a year every day before I go to bed i
watch your vlogs just so basically it's
become a part of my daily routine that
is awesome your vlogs have changed the
way I think of life and it's turned a
lot of my situations into positive ones
that's that's what we love yes there's a
lot more but that's awesome
okay this might be for you this is a
this is full of crowns thank you so much
Victoria thank you Kane looks like mommy
in the morning doesn't it I don't know
there's a striking resemblance do it go
what is this open before Christmas we
almost missed that deadline it's coming
quick are you guys ready get ready not
just Christmas the new year there's so
much in this mom I'm trying to give them
the toys separate click those cards back
in the box
okay yeah I need to we're getting to
quite the pile of gadgets here well I
got a gasps guests gasp guests
yeah guests what is a guest
Oh in the water all the ones that fly
and shoot lasers
yeah pretty yes I'm just making up
videos daily now for close to three
years I'm 20 Wow
four days after my 15th birthday is
diagnosed with all leukemia I went
through holy cow
hang on hang on hang on I can't cut you
off but my battery's flashing Hannah is
getting better I'm worse timing so Paul
is cancer-free what I what a great win
in that story so glad it went that way I
just thought I was trying so you helped
put a smile on your family's faces with
these huge Christmas stockings for
decorations Oh
we're Santa's and stuff that my mother
knits year-round while she watches TV
wait his mother made this awesome
not only does it make us happy but you
inspire other people dealing with the
exact same problem to keep fighting and
you can beat it like that is the most
wonderful and we know a lot of people
fighting these things well they're giant
stomping socks oh my gosh oh wait what
your name is on that oh there should be
sake sake
excellent question I actually have never
thought about that
wouldn't they be called stockings maybe
cuz you look at that you know what we
might have to replace ours on the mantel
oh yeah it is you're the girl of the
group
already he's like yeah that's cool man
don't know what it is I need to get a
suit like that for real
why pictures of all of us oh no I'm the
back says small more info age 11 years
old named Rylan how long I've been
watching the vlogs one and a half years
Wow we start getting in those year marks
that's dedication
huh that's about what 20 30 pounds I
just grabbed a letter from Michigan
lacrosse and I've decided to give you
one of my lacrosse balls what does that
mean I'm not sure that I've ever felt a
lacrosse ball what's the game with the
net like that it's like uh you hold the
pole with the net on it
and you throw them at each other oh I
love that so he watches us every day he
said I know it's a little late but I got
keen of birth bacon just some toys of
mine that my mom has been begging me to
get okay I have a feeling that that's a
lot of where these toys are coming from
just like here send these but these are
cool for our kids these are awesome
canes like you got my interest yeah
those are sweet
a nose for you Brittany
wow that's a lot of stuff in there this
comes in from the UK William Weaver from
the UK he subscribed back in April of
this year but started watching back in
2010 I had a car accident no nine
fractured my lumbar spine lumbar spine
which is in your lower back I spent four
weeks in the hospital and had body brace
and crutches and still got one crutch
when I came home one week before
Christmas I was watching YouTube and you
put a smile on my face and changed my
life in the way I look at life that's
awesome
ordered one of your smile more
wristbands in blue and blue t-shirt and
two black stickers to put on my new car
also when I look at it I smile and it
reminds me of your youtube vids man
thanks Willie and I'm glad you're
getting back up on your feet yeah keep
fighting buddy yep he's the one that
sent the sock monkeys like suckers I
sent you and your family one for each of
you and one for Grandma oh thank you
thank you thing that's from William
thank you very very thoughtful of you
and get off in crutches why the holy the
unofficial Holy Bible for Minecrafters
Wow Game Boy Advance impossible no idea
oh yeah works perfect you see it's from
Jane
James James desi thanks James man you
have to send your thank you came boy
although I'm sure the kids or Britney oh
yes I mean this one's coming in from
Maria from Florida and it looks Wow
holy cows that color pencil it is like
this that is a mate look Kate somebody
drew this for us 16 years old Maria
Rodriguez good job here it's so fun I
love it you guys send look at this
that's color pencil she's 16 Wow amazing
Jason sends a bunch of cars and another
little piece of art we're gonna do an
entire wall just your guys's art it is
yeah we're gonna show you guys soon what
we've been working on and when you see
it all you're our everything's gonna be
there oh my gosh like so
Jase Jaron sorry Jared son ships in whoa
that's a good drawing - and this is
airbrush of a light each storm you guys
are so talented I couldn't draw like
this my hat
choose your appearance what buddy
where are you that's it that bad shovel
all right guys that's all the mail for
this vlog we got a lot of it done we are
actually collaborating with Minecraft
who sent us a code to play their new
game freeze what do you think it's so
exciting
no twas always been a big fan of
Minecraft I've played it cane like like
it's just one of them games I'm like
everybody plays this new one is like
story mode it's minecraft story mode
have you played this at all
I've only seen it with one play it's
like it's not just I don't like a movie
you actually are the guy yeah just like
all the best parts of Minecraft but you
like choose the story so like what you
do your actions and your decisions
change the entire story it's insane it's
like everything you do changes the story
mm-hmm that's complicated it's like it's
like watching a movie that you design
it's like I don't know how to explain it
it's like watching a Minecraft movie
that you control and it's like it's
unique it's it's it's something that
I've never seen before it's totally
different
awesome it's really cool it's like I'm
watching no in a movie Minecraft asked
us to collaborate like hey yeah this is
like great the whole family know is
definitely if you guys want to check it
out I'll put the link in the description
check out the game it's definitely a
cool sit down play and libraries like
you get to make choices through the
whole thing so big shout out to
Minecraft thank you guys for sending us
this
I'm sure we're gonna get a lot of use
out of Noah it's definitely he's out of
it and I'm just gonna chill and watch
him oh no not you baby oh you smell good
you got a bath oh geez hello buddy
switches cameras like yeah great great
day guys what a fun day thank you all
for sending your mail and you're just
we're just hanging out was really good
day really good Sunday
it's mommy down here oh wait wait twice
show you the house downstairs from the
mail we got to get ready for bed guys
no it's not going to bed yes school in
the morning you guys ready for the
aftermath kaboom so much to sort and go
through and organize and clean and the
trash all the cardboard and paper Wow
hey beautiful girl you ready call it a
night
a little drink I don't need you filling
your pirate ship full of pee say bye to
them that you know how much stuff they
sent you they buy you one do once five
times
whoever got the handcuffs whoever got
the handcuffs he has not put them down
alright we are gonna do once upon a time
I will see you guys in one second
we're done we've interesting you're
trying to get it in focus but it's still
a little blurry it just won't work with
us guys we're calling it a day thank you
today thank you guys for being here I
hope you enjoyed today's vlog it was
kind of a promised mail vlog that we've
been putting off a little bit thank you
for everything whether you sent a gift
or not thank you for watching thank you
for being part of our family and that's
it yeah the only thing we want to ask
these crazy guys still don't get many
challenge ideas yesterday I went through
the not really I mean there was a lot I
get off here before you guys a sleepy
yeah we love you thank you thank you
thank you we will see you tomorrow don't
forget how awesome you are you're one of
a kind
