there is just no hope for me right now
Oh what's up guys good jeez
hey hey hey I love you you're ready to
see me it turned into a cake right right
yeah Brittany's gonna go out and get
everything we need I'm gonna stay here
get like look at me I'm all right I
think lots of cake icing maybe get some
like gummy bears but I cannot breathe
Brittany's gonna take the camera take
you guys out to get all the cake stuff
and I'm gonna stay here with the boys
they should you taking this camera yeah
I love you bye this song just came on
and I was like it's Robin within here
right now he'd jump out of the car this
is a song last night he was like trying
to sing oh my gosh this place is closed
okay so that place doesn't open till
noon so I got like 40 minutes
I'm gonna call Rome and I guess I'll go
to like Target that's like next door and
see if we need anything from the house
better answer the call has been
forwarded to an automated
voice-messaging system
fine okay that was not threesome this is
what I need their boxes and then you
used to add water so we still have to
make them and add water try out for box
one box makes 64 cupcakes so I think
that should be
just thank you okay let's see if Roman
has an erection I'm gonna take one box
of the icing mix and um let's just see
what he says I'm thinking he's gonna say
wait that's not what it is and you're
gonna need more than this hi mama
where's Roman
oh let's see if this works
hi hey I got it
that's cake mix please you have to make
it yeah make it I thought it was just
like you just scoop it out and put it on
so today I'm all you're gonna get hit
with the sprinkle cannon huh
sprinkle cannon you never done that
before I don't know I thought they were
with you so yeah I got a nice shower
while you're gone I don't know why cuz
I'm just gonna get covered in stuff
yes what the heck you got some bread did
you stop at the market well I've been
hit with flour yes I can get you here
yes we're gonna load these sprinkles up
probably only like that much into that
tube and shoot it at me really yeah okay
sounds like a good idea that for that
full of icing yeah oh my god you got way
too much I can already tell you that no
we're gonna do like the chest up you're
gonna shoot my legs yeah mom yeah arms
to your fades in your head yeah we gotta
how many this off isn't it like I'm
gonna be extra sweet today you think
this is gonna be big enough pot let's
get our dismantled gingerbread house out
of here on to our next baking project no
it came broken you ready
yo that's one let's just make two and
see how much it is and then we can make
more well mom I'll just did away with
the gingerbread we're gonna eat that
sorry
now ready watch one this you tough guy
huh that's gonna be enough yeah so
fluffy chains preparing for battle
I'm gonna set up this cannon let's get
going
doing easier gonna hurt I got even think
about that like the pain the pain today
did it don't did it it didn't intend why
did I buy this thing it's time to break
the seal on the sprinkles yep
you gonna cut it that low
hey smell good
Wow wait Louie we didn't put the plug in
it oh I don't know if you need to with
these yeah don't be back out I want to
put a little plug in it what would you
say it's a bazooka boys wrong loggin I
see I don't know I guess the more the
better there's nothing to go really
I thought Kane was gonna be sneaking
sprinkles over there all right boy oh
yeah nice dude that won't even faze this
bag
no not even faze it we are preparing for
spring cold warfare it's me like four
cups no one more I just give it to me
yeah once you tilt the gun down its
gonna start pouring out yeah all right
don't spill that I'm gonna get the
slo-mo cam setup Noah are you gonna run
the slo-mo cam why do I come up with
these dumb ideas I just set up a
slow-motion camera and why do I make
bets with you guys like should I do it
yes you guys are gonna say yes every
time what are you doing it's amazing I
don't know what all this is though I
should take that we're short of shorts
but I think we're just gonna aim for
chest up yeah so but go ahead and like
icing my hands like you know what I
worry about is if I flex all the
sprinkles gonna blow back at you guys
oh here we go oh you could have heated
it up mm-hmm don't you keep that what am
i doing yeah make it nice and thick
yeah won't wake up a sprinkle proof vest
on oh it's already on the chair yeah not
on my back well it's probably better
than when you are in Finland that will
never live that down you love us not you
yeah I see me oh you know what Brittany
like sprinkles so much she's perfect
purposely turning me into a sprinkle man
I'm gonna be so mad if the sprinkles
don't stick I can feel all the icing
just like the weight is coming down okay
we don't need it back here I'm not a
baby all right
no internet challenge to sprinkle I'm
kidding don't do this
mmm you're not fire sprinkles at
yourself this is how far the Internet's
gone I mean whoa why stop the run day
slo-mo cam for now I have to teach them
what yeah girl
well know what you like move something
we got it all set up you just push that
middle button and then make sure I'm in
the shot Wow looks like a white shirt on
camera I'm cake boy coming to bake your
cake
Hey is it your birthday we got to bake
your cake so funny dad how's that safety
freaking get in I know it's gonna hit me
grow my hair you might as well do the
math just not my eyes yeah it's so heavy
mm-hmm there's no safety on this thing
okay three to record shoot wait no I
didn't go either well mine went but
three to record oh my ear all do it
again we'll get more go fill it yeah all
that look oh my gosh now let√≠s go
all right so she bout tore my ear off
with that one oh if you can thought what
we're gonna do it again I'm not happy
with that we need harder faster more
sprinkles good okay ready huh
yep thanks three two like stop my well
my niece too much wrinkles on you now
of a mess I thought it'd be worse so I
can shoot my hand so I can shoot you at
the hose now this mask that's pretty
awesome
it's getting like glue how are you gonna
get it off you didn't get come off in
the shower right it's water-based well
I'm gonna get the most of it off nice no
it's not just go get in the shower well
I want to get the dick of it off do you
want my dish salt like Dawn dish soap
we'll probably
Oh my trick so long well maybe that's
good I see what I've done I'll play
video games of the kitties
you ready to make this gaming video yeah
Cain you won't make a gaming video
alright guys we're gonna jump right into
it we got taters then we're gonna play
some Just Cause 3 Noah's on the
controller right now and I'm literally
filming it with another camera so
forgive the quality it's very generic
there's people on the bridge there's all
trees what other people in the bridge
that's perfect here we go see oh my dude
where did those people go oh he's drunk
look he stuck whoa he's so lucky get him
out of there rescue him we're just
pulling off going for the double doing
the double oh can you do - awesome
hitchhikers they need some help no huh
no car works just fine lady Oh what
she's doing is she doing have it is
faster that's a cool car though
well she mad I mean to say dirt maybe a
yellow interior that's an interesting
color pattern what up gonna do something
why don't you hook her to it
doesn't she since she loves her car so
much you take her with you now Drive oh
my gosh
she won't let go oh oh she wanted was a
jealous car he's dangling like a fishing
lure oh she let go
ding relentless I don't know if any of
you guys played just cause to but no and
I used to live on it man we used to go
right to the airport hooks up to the
planes and take off this one we just
started this so like you immediately
free rum so we've just been goofing off
she during the ones we go look at the
view it's amazing especially at dark is
a good time yeah it's a little town Oh
gas station oh they're already or
actually I'll get behind this no I want
to see it the slow-mo do this though I
saw you in trouble
you were in trouble boy Oh even if I do
straight I've seen birds do that in real
life
yeah I go straight down on the road
actually seen birds do that yeah and die
I've seen birds fly straight into the
ground and die yeah or a hit a window
have you ever seen one hit a window not
in real life away on video I remember
sitting in class this one classroom
maybe two birds the whole year don't hit
and our teacher let us go outside never
be a dead bird oh dude this was two
players
you blow that thing up oh my gosh oh
dude how are you alive you know you're
hurt when there's no audio swimming with
the fishies what's really cool these
have the rafts at home oh they come out
you go to him oh I can't oh you can
totally breathe through there go for it
rattling the walls you gotta get out of
there now
God Oh a little more broke that's crazy
yeah and play bumper cars
yeah you got that your whole car is
gonna blow up by the time you get here
just making new spots
it's my grapple like all these old
people don't even know what's going on
also it's my turn now everybody leaves
me
you better come back camera and version
yeah sure you guys noticed by now I play
inverted which is different than
everyone else I know check this guy out
sweep it with no sweep yeah he's got no
broom go up in your room and get your
broom now
this guy looks so bored see how he feels
about this put them on the bench it
doesn't know he has no care for anything
all right let's step it up a notch the
dude is sitting in thin air
listen hey all right
not done right now no not done with your
magic moves legs all right
see how you feel about this see how you
feel about this oh oh he's watching he
wants it he wants it he want all this
guy's good good yeah
no care for me all right step it up all
right buddy let's see how you like this
one yeah what if i hook the van there
and then i ramp off there we go bungee
jump oh I'll be the scariest situation
ever
can you imagine three two one
Kerry goes the van still up that's Oh a
little bit of gameplay for you guys I
hope you know Joey didn't have a whole
lot of time my brother and his kids are
getting ready to come over so we're
gonna wrap it up just a little bit
before you tell me if you want us to do
a lot more of games we have all kinds of
fun I think that's my turn face all
right guys we're warping into the end of
this video I hope you enjoyed the whole
vlog come up with some new ideas what
can Brittney do why am i doing the
stupid stuff
I wasn't stupid oh-oh we sought to go
skydiving we are but it's winter here we
have to travel to that which we're
working on guys don't worry we love you
guys so much we'll see you tomorrow
what's some cool challenges that may be
obtuse I'll do more but what's something
I think of you you your turn your tongue
love you guys you're awesome don't
forget it mama
here we go here we go Jim whoa whoa it's
bad if you guys to watch yesterday's
vlog Britney hit my entire face and
makeup and the
