by
what up my friends hope you're having a
wonderful day I am I'm feeling good man
it's beautiful outside happy to be back
you guys know it took a day off
yesterday and we needed it so bad yeah
honestly if I put in the vlog what we
did yet so you've been thankful that I
did it we just had to get stuff done
guys you gotta understand sometimes
excuses excuses right oh you little evil
Gaslight anyways hope you're having the
greatest day ever man whether it's
morning lunch dinner nighttime maybe
you're going to bed obviously great I
hope you're waking up good I hope today
is the day for you I really do out man
my little boy was so cute sleeping this
morning man if you have kids you know
what I'm talking about and if you don't
and if you don't you will know like once
you have kids and just seeing them sleep
is like I don't know and it it turns the
toughest the toughest of men and the
little little puppies maybe pull up to
my buddy Todd's reef farm if you're new
to this channel I really should show I'm
not here for fish or corals anything I'm
actually here to pick up Todd but if
you're new the channel I should probably
show you this place it's I'm addicted
it's so back in the day guys this is
where I would come in when I was living
check to check I would come up with my
ten extra bucks 20 extra bucks and I
would find these little corals he throws
all the four right here in this
greenhouse look all these little pieces
now we talking dude I used to talk Todd
down like give it to me for 10 bucks and
he would he'd hooked me up with like
these little pieces of coral and I just
pieced my tank together but you guys
have seen my tank now
but I never had a thing like that like
this is my like best thing I've ever had
I used to just Fleck little bits and
pieces so how cool is this guy's he
grows all this coral right here
look at little clownfish in there maybe
maybe maybe one day I'll have a tank
like this this is 900 gallons oh my gosh
can could swim in here like I could get
came he could clean the glass for me
so Tommy I are working on a little
something little change of plans today
I'm gonna go get Noah right now which is
awesome super super nice surprise I'm
gonna go get him now I'm slobber mutha
I'm gonna hook it up maybe have a nice
little family date today kind of
unexpected so so predictable you know
you're gonna have to change up your
hiding spots all right hey take a break
take a break you've obviously been on a
cleaning frenzy if you would have seen
this house actually you probably didn't
yes that's why we uploaded it was
trashed destroyed ten times basically
there was just aisles of junk that we
climbed through looks like somebody
didn't burning energy today what'd you
say the grocery store to get something
for dinner and go pick up orders for my
mom oh boy well if you're running to get
some groceries I got my little boys what
are we gonna do
you will go playing the ball pit hey you
can't scare everybody every time
sometimes they don't work yeah it looks
so funny let me see
dude here's some rope yeah you ready
you take the rope I take the scissors
yeah all right let's do it
kids got a lot of energy and I want them
to sleep tonight so what do I got to do
I got to be a dad it's time to step up
to the plate and we're I'm out we got
our ever so fun ball pit room this room
gets used so much I'm starting to think
Kane that we need to clean all these
balls are you gonna wash them maybe you
take a couple down each night and put
them in the bathtub and then we recycle
them yeah you want to do that all right
how are we gonna do this here let me try
daddy's pretty good at knots never
coming okay here's my idea ready you
take the boogie board all the way to
that back corner all right I think you
guys see where I'm going here is that it
you can go back further ready hold on
okay take it back let's try it again
ready
go ahead you're going backwards here we
go okay one super faster then I have
another idea
I'll show you ready here we go we had a
blowout I don't I don't want to be a
party pooper but if we don't put this
gate on this is going to become a
waterfall of balls ball to fall hi hey I
have an idea to switch it up all right
let's bury the boogie board yeah and you
have to ride on it under the balls all
right let's do it
ready help me we had to dig a hole
I think I'm just good at designing
things to wear me out
not you guys all right Cain you ready
daddy's gonna give you the ride of your
life actually I probably just pulled you
out of oh yeah here we go
hold on tight three two one one two oh
man you're you're a tank compared to
Cain
you actually did hold on to his feet
didn't take long for Kane to figure out
you can put balls up in the light the
room is gonna start changing colors this
is my light for everything like we're
out of light bulbs so I just bring out a
film light I'm ready mommy's back
mommy's back then thinner then an and
why do I think of the Wicked Witch of
the West being saw when you go home yeah
I want to do something keen so Cain just
kept saying he wanted fish sticks for
dinner so what are we having are we
having fish sticks - I'm having a salad
but you and the boys are having fish
sake really actually I like fish sticks
be putting extra bread crumbs from the
bottom of the bag
old-fashioned dinner for me we used to
eat fish sticks and macaroni when I was
a kid that was my dinner like my parents
made that all the time so it's pretty
good I forgot how good it was
hey cutie pie thanks for cleaning so
maybe maybe maybe you guys have seen
this before and maybe some of you will
think it's cool like I did I thought
it'd be fun anybody can do this
I think that's why I like it
we got our met openers here you got to
open a bunch of mints is that tray gonna
be big enough I don't think so if you're
gonna bend around something all right
you think that's enough are you gonna
scooping all of them that fast let's
design it somehow oh I have an idea okay
put that one on there mmm you guys want
to eat them yeah okay so odds are if I'm
trying this it's probably not gonna work
as good as maybe you'll find on the
Internet so I'm just gonna sample this
oh are you far in on my mints sharp fish
how we doing your game oh I see what
you're doing you're doing I like her
design yeah red green right I have no
idea what it's like I don't know what's
gonna happen again we're gonna take our
crazy MIT contraption here and put it in
the oven I don't know how long
smell it what the house is gonna smell
good hmm no smell it
now you should do like a time nuts oh
that would be cool
you see but you know they're starting to
now come here look it's only been what
three four and five minutes all right
while we wait for a mince the mill we're
gonna play carpet hockey that's what
we're gonna call it all right
carpet hockey that's not carpet that's
not carpet hockey you got a slide across
the carpet game ever made best game ever
made whoever catches it gets destroyed
who wants it who wants it who touches it
you tuck out that'll teach you go ahead
touch it oh you guys want more is it
carpet hockey the best wish guys I think
we're good come check it out
come here I think we're good whoa
it's a bubbly flat mess oh I have no
idea what I'm doing here but I don't
think it's that we're gonna come off
that paper okay it's like rubber it's
like part of the paper maybe it's just
to spray it with something yeah look at
it
yeah I think we just gonna let it cool a
little bit I mean it was so pretty nuts
oddly certainly at the feeling that I
didn't do it right it's definitely not
coming off that paper that's for sure
look how cool that is the supposed to be
like a bowl oh it's saw who it's super
hot dude I don't know what to expect
but I think you'll get the idea so you
can try it even if I fail you may know
not how do it feel like a lot of
pressure super hot yeah like a colorful
igloo why kind of looks good from there
so Cain now if we had guests over like a
little party maybe Christmas party yeah
check it out we can make a bunch of
these and you put your mints in it don't
look too close but you get the idea
look like a Christmas party you could
set it out I know the middle still soft
how cool would that be at a Christmas
party even if it even if it looks bad
it's cool Trey's put the cookies on it's
like perfect and you can do like a tree
holders are always perfect like you can
do like the green just for how many
peppermints was that so if you know you
can eat the bowl yeah oh my gosh those
are so good
then you get mix green and red yeah so
we were trying to figure out ways to
transition from where we're at right now
in the vlog to almost bedtime so we
decided that maybe we should dance to
something like this oh gosh ready to go
no no ill intro the vlog probably
who's ready come on dance dance dance
dance dance dance it's like one of them
work out get ready videos you can do it
one more time and then the beat drops I
know what you're doing wrong you don't
have to use it all
like it actually hurt alright just like
that we're warping into bad time I've
been if you ever guys just laid there
and started rubbing your eye robbing it
then it starts feeling good and you just
rub it and rub have you ever done that
yeah and you just can't stop and all of
a sudden it just feels so okay like a
cat like that's what they do I don't
know I just started doing that on those
bed while he's getting ready
I don't know I'm telling you this story
that's fun tonight being silly
trying to where you guys up a closed job
well so what I'll put them on YouTube a
sleep great all right guys I hope you
enjoyed a normal-size vlog or so a lot
of you guys like alright enough of the
30 minute vlogs 35 minute vlogs so this
is just a nice normal voice this is what
I normally do a little cut to your
little cuts there a little bit a little
bit a little bit of the day we got one
more little dude to get to bed he does
look more tired than he did earlier
before a rascal so yeah guys that's
gonna do it we're right back on top of
things we should be right back at it
tomorrow
we love you thanks for everything tell
me in the comments do you like this like
the blog let me know if you want to go
back to old school we love you guys max
you just happy to hang off the family
tonight and today and yeah I don't know
I got on this kick today and I don't
want to get into it tonight but maybe
we'll talk about him another day I love
you guys thanks for everything
be positive keep your head up your
beautiful smile
yeah
