hey my friends Brittany and I was there
baby
please such a serious face this morning
we are headed to pick up a u-haul truck
and I'm using a brand new camera today
so hopefully you guys notice a nice
quality difference does it make me look
better I'm I don't know anything to make
you look better
oh you're really trying to get that you
already maxed out on um yeah I'm just
trying to get better Christmas gifts
honestly hearing it this is what I've
never picked up a you on a gas station
that's are you long yeah it's just only
uh I think your email how we did it
anyways we are grabbing at you holiday
Brittany and I have to go pick up a
massive massive order for the small more
store and then we have to yeah should
hey did you know bats use complex sounds
to greet direct warn and play with
another looks like us are you sure we're
at the right place I mean I feel like
welcome to your local u-haul pickup
and this takes us back Dom it looks like
our first date right here heck yeah I
did yeah
just yeah we can move on we can move our
baby hope you guys are enjoying the
really really long vlog that's what is
this to yesterday the day before all
over 30 minutes whew I don't know only
time will tell
Oh buckle up this is the journey we're
moving guys we're actually moving that's
what we're driving I had to run over
real quick get some friggin deodorant
cuz I've been out have you noticed have
you noticed good no I've had some scraps
like I've been like scrap using its
other sticks what kind of snacks so you
can't stuff anywhere without getting
snacks boom baby look at our ride that's
hot
let's good drag race some other u-hauls
mother thought this is bringing back
memories in case you guys don't know one
of the first vehicles I ever actually
our first date ever was in a Ford van
like the front half of this yeah and I
remember having to drive it to work at
the dental office a couple of hey I had
Auto walks
no note I picked her up in a work van
just like this this half it looks the
same it was a Ford II conven whatever no
CD player no tape deck
it was just am/fm radio yeah I was
classy guys I was class I saw you should
have saw everyone that worked at the
dental office when I had to drive it to
work a few days this tiny little girl
pulling out this huge band thanks we're
just now arriving at location this will
be our largest all-time pickup for smile
more like big-time
double double are bigger so that shows
you guys the progression of the company
is really really grown now I will say
it's Christmas season so I can't really
count it yeah we have we're kind of
behind so I don't know this is kind of
just it's double touching see my backup
skills without a camera I'm already so
spoiled with the backup cameras all the
new cars no I got this baby I got this
baby don't talk to me I think I just hit
somebody
do you guys have seen most of our
pickups they're usually about like that
look at this all of these all of this is
small my shirt
holy cow
yo we're gonna fill this u-haul
oh boy oh boy this takes me back
semi-trucks
when I worked at the factory for years
probably like six seven years all I did
was load and unload semi trucks this is
kind of right up my alley
alright guys in all honesty we have
never filled an entire u-haul van he's
not ago right well he's got a truckload
we're gonna put in here so it's gonna
completely fill it completely uh I
didn't I didn't know I've never had I
mean this is a ton and they're still
actually printing t-shirts they're still
working you know how to do it little
girl he's gonna jump go for it
you want a ride back there
yeah yeah you gotta close the latch oh
that's true yeah all right guys so today
can't be all business we can't just fill
it with all business we're gonna do
something really really fun right
well we don't know if it's gonna be fun
we've seen this ridiculous thing online
today
Britney salt 'let found it should we
tell them we're making a surprise I'm
sure you guys are gonna start seeing it
a lot online so we want to do it before
it gets too popular but I think it's
already getting popular it'll be funny
it's gonna be funny what are you looking
for what are you looking for which is a
hundred percent opposite of what we came
in this store for actually completely
opposite all right which one's terrible
why so we have to get 36 all right so we
have to get condoms
completely opposite of what you're
thinking it's just for a challenge video
it's very funny and I can't wait to try
it out so people walking by it like he's
so excited to try out continence if they
knew me they know that I'm not very good
it's not like you're like by yourself
how can you buy condoms at any age I
don't know that's a stupid question
all right pick pick I don't know what I
think the bigger ones are better what
are we talking about the Challenger all
right let's be serious this it's just
for fun probably ultrathin is not a good
idea in this situation no we need some
thick okay let's go let's get let's get
large ones I think we're gonna have to
try now this is 12 this is we should be
able to get it done sounds funny because
I'm talking about this I am like an
adult would just go all right let's get
the let's try these definitely not
I think see now you're being immature no
I think just just condoms okay we got
those we get the full size of Hans and
then we just get regular ones I guess no
this is the time where you're actually
buying condoms for opposite of what they
advertise right what are you embarrassed
about it it is a weird thing no matter
how old you get at least for me it's
like a girl sending you to the store to
get tampons nothing wrong with that
nothing wrong that but it's embarrassing
right actually I have before I think one
time I did I did do it but there's
nothing wrong with it why are we
embarrassed about that it's life it's
who we are as people it's natural
all right let's bounce ready when we got
pajamas and condoms you can see our big
bad baby out there never been so excited
to use a condom ever in my life
it's gonna be so funny you guys are
gonna see this popping up man we did not
come up with this Brittany just showed
me today she's like look at this video
I'd like two guys or something going on
just like a random Facebook post even
what you just said sounds bad it's
hilarious like I can't wait to do it I
feel like most people I already know
what we're talking about or googling are
we going home from here you don't take
these how to do what how do you you can
you'll scary monster hi buddy
straight to mommy oh my gosh what are
you doing the Lego crowd wrong Kane you
did it oh you're in a fight nerd aren't
you gonna fight uh-oh oh he's going for
the piledriver Oh got your boots on
let's get you gonna help me we got it
alone actually
we gotta move the truck first you're
gonna drive all right I'll Drive you
yeah okay I think we should jump for a
second first let's go oh that's it no
more
you wanna steer no grab it we're gonna
hit the wood ball all right you gonna
drive this one we have to take this one
now come on
cool hop in you're lots of space got
your own you wanna start this one yeah
start her up yeah we're gonna fill this
whole place guys I honestly don't know
where we're gonna put it all I guess
I'll clean it up enough business in this
vlog no more work all play but it's a
nice mix in okay let me explain exactly
what we're doing I think you could be in
the tub and I could be above so when it
if it pops it lands in the tub when you
rather get all over the floor I'm
confused
so obviously Britney did some cleaning
before this video because our bathroom
is never this clean I brought in a light
so it looks nice and bright and here's
what we're gonna do it let's do this I
have no idea how to do this it's not
like there's a how-to video this is just
you just filling up in this okay let's
do that okay let's do it
what no rock paper scissors rock paper
scissors ready 1 2 3 shoot ready
I don't 1 2 3 shoot wait you're gonna
drop it on my head hey are you gonna
fill it up with this that's perfect wait
one water right cold water
this is probably the most ridiculous
thing we've ever done in a blog but it
looked so funny online I was like we
have to try that okay so you fill it
with water and then the goal is
Brittany's gonna stand a buck are using
warm water she's gonna stand above my
head and she's gonna drop it then goal
this is so ridiculous the goal is to
drop it and it's gonna go over my head
and close it's like impossible oh my god
you ready right now yeah okay I got to
figure out we got to try again okay we
need to make sure and you gotta drop it
right up like the center line here yeah
hey ready right over okay first one was
a fail I kind of knew like it wasn't
going to be as easy as it looks online
maybe the magnets are too well
okay we're gonna try
I have a feeling we got we're gonna try
different brand I should say I didn't
feel like it wasn't going to be as easy
like when you see it on the internet
it's just the highlights of the best
we're gonna try a different brand and
hopefully it's gonna work there must be
a trick like maybe not sorts at the top
you not I mean if we get this I'm gonna
teach you how we did fall be careful
okay
drop it where'd all that roll
there's so much Lube on my face I we got
one we did it I bet that it takes a lot
of tries I think we got really lucky
with that you're trying I know how to do
it like I'm a professional listen come
on Eddie first try so the thinner ones
work better regular size they did they
really did and keeping that not a huge
top yeah like keeping it right in the
water works really good
that makes it once I can't breathe I
can't hold it
it doesn't do that sometimes if I freak
out and you will you pop it if I freak
out and if it lands on your head and it
works you can't figure out you have to
let it go just hold you right you can
all the rest from 30 seconds
okay is this setup okay oh I don't want
to do this I think I'd rather to do the
ice yeah this
that was terrible
again no all right there you have it we
officially did it that wasn't bad
it was way better than you thought it
would be yeah it was as when you said
you couldn't breathe I just tried to pop
it nice Ellie I don't know I can't
believe it pop you couldn't move it away
from your face yeah it's like it's
really weird how does that I'm trying to
imagine in my head how it works it just
reverses the whole thing over your head
but then it's left with just the flap we
can't lie I can't hit record
okay so we thought we were done I pulled
out the Sony for slo-mo Dale's gonna hit
record for us hopefully we get our
slo-mo of how this works dude it's so
random that at work I'll be surprised so
we have to amp up the lighting super on
slo-mo you have to have tons of light so
it's gonna look weird on this camera but
slow-mo should look better
no you're sitting in the back Oh jumping
on your head okay get into position
because I don't have to square this up
here this flooded the bathroom I'm gonna
go three two one drop so you hate it on
water
three is right here but it's gonna look
cool areas I don't think you got it you
get the second I hit it just said
buffering yeah and that's what you get
watch oh my god it almost works too
whoa that was sick and what it work
whatever I could I bet because we used
it twice it got it went all the way
around her face and then it came up in
one single piece after it pop okay last
rubber into it
what fresh one dead center now this is
it if not this is the end for you ready
three two one
that's not hey let's look this buffer
and then I'll pop it and slim over it
yeah this yeah just hold tight the top
looks ridiculous alien I can just plug
into the alternate option
I think we got it in my shower cap
freakin Alice Cooper alright guys I'm
not gonna lie that was a lot of frigging
fun it was weird it was unique it was
I'm not gonna tell anybody to do it but
it was fun
who was that who is that Brittany our
tree is alive and it sounds like cane
what's our tree no no it's one of them
new giggle tree huh
and it's got camouflage on hey dude you
ready to finish it yeah
so we have been procrastinating big time
we set up our tree and now I believe
this is our third day unfinished all the
stuffs been sitting here is it warm over
there you got to wear your protective
helmet dude so I think what we're gonna
do to finish up our evening is just get
our tree done or at least more time you
gonna help me yeah okay you wanna do
that canners so daddy's gonna climb up
and you just start handing them to me
that's the thing I didn't see hooks
this looks pretty cool on the ball last
year we got to get a new one for this
year yeah mommy and daddy looks just
like me anyone wondering we don't have a
star on our tree we've never got a star
for this tree and to be honest I just
don't know how I would get it I mean I'm
Way coming up
oh you taking them down too so we've got
a good start but we're out of the little
green hooks for the ball but I know we
have um there's one there's one what's
going on it could have easily missed
stuff down here there's all kinds of
weird boxes look at this I feel like
these are from our really old tree like
I have no idea where these came from
well good idea
that's so random just thought of that
right now from all of our family got em
last year okay so apparently we're gonna
throw Merry Christmas cards how many we
got like 20 30 20 20
we're gonna sign them and throw them in
smaller packages right now random 20
well not right now tomorrow yeah well I
can't believe we're actually not able to
finish our tree tonight I thought we
were just gonna wrap this up no this is
gonna go
I know we got the top looking better huh
we just need more hooks
we'll get it if we set it up tomorrow it
only took us four days to get it all
right guys I wasn't going to do this and
I wasn't gonna tell you about this but I
want to teach you right now I mean this
is serious pay attention that's why I'm
whispering when you whisper to people
they listen this is very important
I'm gonna teach you how to make a girl
smile are you ready is open up the
brownie box what did you put in it
nothing I just filled it with smiles
where'd you put it
you smiled when I handed it to you and
you're gonna smile while you eat it can
I get half of it you can I think that's
a yes I said I'm gonna teach you guys
how to make that make a girl smile and
when I handed it to you smiled that was
the pump oh my gosh yeah and I handmade
those from trash I don't actually know
if I showed you guys this Brittany got
this crazy new bedspread what do you
think of this it's got like animals on
it all right what do we got here cars
and trucks and things that go this is
his favorite book in the world
he's always picked this one no matter
what no matter what no matter what no
matter what yeah all right what's your
favorite mountain paw and pickles and
Penny pit which one's your favorite on
this page the flying Oh we should make
one of those yeah
me and you go flying we could travel
let's do it yeah tonight yeah all right
all right all right
Oh check it out when the lights go off
at night the shrimp usually coming I
love these guys
anyways Brittany is taking my spot read
into Kane I thought it would come out
here and just thank you guys for
watching this far if you're actually
still here if there's anyone out there
still watching this thank you so much I
hope you guys have been enjoying the
longer vlogs this is something that I've
been wanting to do for a long time but
it is a challenge the difference between
a 10-minute vlog and a 30 minute vlog is
so much different like I can't even
explain it it's a it's a challenge
actually it's fun I love challenges and
it definitely is a challenge on the edit
too because I'm up really late editing
every night but it's fun I'm having a
blast I'm actually just signed a bunch
of smile more there's like 20 cards that
we're gonna throw in orders tomorrow so
hopefully you get one if you do please
send me a picture I think things like
this are really fun for us that is gonna
do it today guys thank you from the
bottom of my heart for watching and
supporting this family it's unbelievable
to see how how much support we have and
and I missed the I remember back in like
and a few months ago like I said this
community is huge we have between you
and I we have such a massive community
on YouTube that I wanted to use the
comment section to to help others you
know people that are struggling during
the day and they're going through tough
times it kind of helps sometimes to to
see everybody struggles because
sometimes it helps you realize you're
not the only one struggling and we all
have bad days and we have tough times
and and I think that when we did that we
became so strong I seen everybody
talking to each other and I would jump
in and and it was amazing to see our
community so I really do want to get
back to that I want to see us
communicating more in the comment
section because I think it's so powerful
man we have such if somebody has a
problem with anything how do I fix a car
tire
there's somebody that knows now in our
community like we're so big you and
honest
let's uh let's never forget to support
each other man all of us like we're all
a team we're all here together let's
let's let's make it a good place to be
last but not least I hope you enjoyed
the challenge it was really fun
Brittany and I had a great time and my
brother for doing the slow-mo I think
that was sweet
I don't know maybe it's just me I love
the slow-mo we will see you guys
tomorrow
tell us if you'd like to see us do more
challenges maybe tell us in the comments
what challenges we can do I will see in
the comments today I'm gonna be in there
for a while and uh love you guys
I'll see you tomorrow thanks for
everything don't forget how important
you are
we're very important a lot of people
love you don't forget how awesome you
are don't don't forget smile okay if you
could pick one day a random date that
you would want to get married on what
with the baby because we're an actual
date
there is June 23rd 2,700
