hey guys welcome to the Atwood house in
our very first snowfall of the year
check it out it's so cold
yeah come here dude it's crazy my hands
oh he's all snowy he's gonna get you
hopefully it's not so much that you want
to go out there so bad yeah why don't
you throw some warm clothes on that's
it's so cold in the clouds up in the sky
that it freezes the rain and turns to
snow and just like if you you'll
probably go one day to a mountain where
it's not snowing but up on the top
there's snow because it's so cold up
there the higher you go the color so
keen just ask - it was gonna rain so
that's why I know is explaining that
snow is rain but when it's really cold
out it turns the snow get cool you back
it out of here
turn there you go no help you ready
it's our first snowfall guys so we've
got this tennis ball launcher for dogs
shoots like the ball so the dogs have to
go chase the ball no so no use if you
played fallout 4 what's that thing
called the junk jet and I got three
things I got in the game it's called the
junk jet you can put whatever you want
in it and it'll shoot it Noah's been
using it as his junk jet you put it all
in or just one at a time you can put is
that a golf ball oh sweet if you watch
yesterday's vlog at the very end I said
hey guys this week I want to try to do
very long raw vlogs this morning I woke
up and missed my kids reacting to the
first snowfall I missed it and those are
the memories I want to watch later in
life I missed it so it has more than
inspired me to film as much as possible
today so bum man my kids flipped out
when they seen the snow
I mean flipped oh it's not even enough
snow
hey snow bunny I know it's awesome
we just need about another foot so that
is what I'm gonna try to give you guys
today the most raw form of a vlog I can
give you and really to be honest kind of
what vlogging is all about right like
not just the highlights just everything
because I'm realizing that's what I want
to watch in the future what do you think
it is come here come here come here I
got a great idea okay okay let's hook
this to your truck
I think it'll pull it we installed this
rope as soon as he got the truck I knew
we'd be using it for something you
crying you want him to pull yeah just
see if it'll pull there you go hold on
to it came yeah he's ready go
but in second cane get mommy she's
thrown the first snowball perfect
example of Ohio right here look it's
this it's still snowing a little but
look at the sky oh we need more snap
that's good all right no you ready go in
the kitchen get you a new knee oh we got
a man down over here
chili dog oh hey so here's what we got
today and here's our goal we failed out
of all week and we're gonna try to do it
today
when we are doing it today we are
setting up the Christmas tree
it's it's kind of a feat it's not an
easy project it took us four hours last
year but that's half the fun we do need
to clean a little bit who wants to help
me clean you guys know we need to clear
this whole get rid of the vases
yeah we need take someone we got this
little calendar I'm making a mess you
beat me I know
taking everything from downstairs up and
this point we had the kids over last
night so who destroyed the kitchen did
you do that it's way easier to just
throw all the toys up here why are we
carrying stuff just start throwing it up
it already looks like that's what we've
been doing anyway we need up one of them
big hose suckers you just drop down just
sucks all the toys up this is our first
year we've ever had our stockings with
our names on it which I love I think
it's super cool and we got a tree have
we ever had a tree skirt it's actually
just mrs. Claus's dress I see see the
buttons yeah you can actually wear it
the outwards it looks so funny it's
legit you can wear that out you get
fifties that's your nose let's go down
and chop our tree down Christmas time
Christmas time these two boxes build our
tree it's like oh no last year I think
we took it up in pieces here won't you
let me do it
oh yeah last year I had to break these
pieces of wood to level our tree stand
remember if this is wrong wobbly did it
did it do you pulling up all these
pieces st. well is it 12 foot whoa
12-foot tree I believe my neck crazy
I was wondering how they do that
actually yeah in a hurry Wow oh yeah
piece number two hopefully we do this
right this year take it all apart good
job whoa I think what takes so long
about a fake tree is just Fanning out
all the branches is this part making it
all fluffy good job honey
you're doing a great job oh yeah we're
really proud of you down here
nope no oh it will probably need it
though yeah
particular speed I don't know what to do
with yeah yeah you can sleep under here
no it's a jungle in there Caine get my
spear
that's a wild boar in there we can hunt
these should I put the topper on it
makes so much more sense okay and
there's a last chord and did it uh
that's like a hole just like out like
that it I don't know yo this tree is
yeah the boys are over there working on
their Christmas list I can't see the Sun
is like honey you got it honey do you
need help don't you dare fall off that
ladder so hard to see I cannot believe
that I four out big this tree is your
alpha Bret you plug it in I don't know
where the the connector is
Barbie dolls so Kate Caine's over here
telling Noah what he wants for Christmas
I think Noah's making his Christmas list
for him so Kane says a new bike a new
watch okay the tree is up it's not
decorated those are the lights come on
and there's a lot of lights that aren't
working I mean there's a lot yeah like
all these bulbs I plug it in but nothing
happens
thanks buddy
hey thanks my bracelet
Hey stand here stand right down strum
the tree thanks buddy
all right let me see say cheese
say cheese oh man it's looking like
Christmas guys Santa Claus is coming
down he even up for you
parkour monkey now you got a front flip
over that part okay let's see it cane
let's see your version
lunch is ready
that was a Hulk good we are ship now we
were having problems with Noah's laptop
so him and I I took it this week to get
it fixed so me and the boys are gonna
plow some mac and cheese real fast no I
had some problems with his laptop this
week so it took me to get it fixed it's
ready so we're all gonna run out and get
it let the plan are you excited that's
at our old house mmm they came said it
has to be oh my gosh how is that me
right now mm-hmm
we are on the moves little baby Hulk oh
look at dem hall guys he's ready to
fight oh my gut blow all the glass out
of the truck gonna be a her home we just
got no laptop which is a huge huge thing
hope you went this long without a laptop
I don't know and today was like an
exclusive family day all day and he just
talked me into going to pick up little
Owen I guess he's kind of part of the
family so we're gonna go grab one so we
share homes we are gonna grab him and
then Brittany ran out to get extra
Christmas lights and what's that stuff
that goes around the tree garland is it
Carly yeah
because half our lights are out on the
trees oh all right guys if you can
survive the next 20 seconds of this
video I promise you that you can forever
get through any roam and I would vlog
for the rest of your life you'll be able
to watch it if you get through the next
20 seconds are you ready
the most annoying 20 seconds in your
life here we go
there you go if you can get through that
and that if you don't watch any room and
I would vlog after that it'll make it
all sound better and we're back the tree
the tree doesn't look too bad
mommy mommy beat us here you guys
playing games upstairs I mean yeah I
remember being your age all I wanted to
do is help friends hey man it's fine
kidding I'm kidding no have fun
whoa cane starting to look pretty dude
yeah yeah same thing anyway like this
and you slide under and it looks really
cool come on in you can see all the way
up in there where are you going you
totally could hide back there yeah
no one would ever find you
Zak's alright I always got you right you
always have you Wow until you get bigger
and older on me even think of that
shoot some oops go but showing those
epic trick shots you've ever seen that
was close
next five shots are gonna blow your mind
here we go we getting Lego world again I
just want to kiss Kane can I kiss mommy
okay I'll be right back
I'll be right back a list you mean I
have to get more than one thing I gotta
hit the store real fast we're gonna make
tacos tonight is it for real for real
dawg what are you gonna eat peanut
butter and jelly all right guys as soon
as I get back we are gonna tear open
some of this fan mail there's a whole
nother room full of fan mail as well so
I don't really know how we're gonna open
all this but we're gonna at least do
some tonight I wanted to do all of it
but it's just getting too late so fast
I'm gonna dust off the car today take it
out for a minute and yeah
here we go here we go
feels good to be in this car I never
thought I'd like a car so much like I
don't know I hope you guys are enjoying
a little bit longer vlog today my goal
is to aim for these type of vlogs a lot
more often I know I'm not going to be
able to do it every day no matter how
much I want to but these are kind of the
days that you know the more I'm I'm
vlogging the more I'm realizing these
are what I want to watch in my future
and see my family grow and longer I film
the better for us so it is tough some
days it really is I'm not gonna lie we
take a day off we didn't film there's
either a really good reason but we just
really needed a day without cameras so I
don't I don't ever aim to take a day off
I really enjoy Clark
we all really enjoyed walking but some
days we need it we need a day that being
said I hope you're enjoying a little bit
longer vlog I am gonna try to do a
little bit longer blogs here now anyways
hope you guys are having a fan friggin
tastic day I mean I really mean that
when I come on these vlogs every day is
a huge part of me that says I want to
lift my viewers up today baby and
whether it's through my happiness and my
kids were through maybe a motivational
speech that I started spilling I want
you guys to take away from these vlogs I
want you to take something from them and
see I hope your day is great man I hope
you're not waiting until the New Year's
for that resolution do it now all right
I got my groceries got my grocery getter
let's go it's so cold
alright guys real quick real quick my
car guys who makes the most bad a
exhaust for a 2015 gt-r
all right I don't know enough about cars
but I know it doesn't scream enough
listen all right I'm gonna rev it for
you a little bit I ready listen
it's not loud enough it's not hot I want
it I didn't even get the groceries
hanger now I know there's a bunch of
companies out there when I got the car
there was nothing available like I think
Nismo has an exhaust or something and I
just don't know enough about cars but I
want like a different sound all right
what's that smile for I should have
known you were gonna do that
Travis friggin Barker we're missing some
pieces we're missing we found the
missing box it's got all our ornaments
so this box has a lot of our ornaments
that we already have tags oh that one oh
this one does can you might hang it up
no I'm gonna hang it up boom we're done
our trees starting to look like a high
school cheerleader I don't know where
you going with that game cane
you like my hat don't like it Grinch how
about you wear it how about mommy wear
yeah it came with it like feeding a
couple zoo animals hooligans Wow whoa
cats
thanks for dinner baby thanks for dinner
baby I love you you have to say any time
to a girl just to make them happy two
years that the trick I won you letting
us in on the love secrets which ones you
guys want okay we're gonna pick a few
boxes each out of the fan mail there's
also a lot more in in classroom
cane picks the big one okay what'd you
think buddy
what you thinking okay there's awesome
all of this in Kane's classroom go for
it
with the time with with the time we have
left before bed down we got school
tomorrow so it's a school night we're
gonna open about ten maybe more than ten
packages all right let's jump into it my
battery lights flushing hang on a sec
bubble wrap that's it it's a box of
bubble wrap we get from chains adjust oh
my gosh T's they're probably so bummed
cuz we bought a bag huh no they're wood
who's that from Jason Cummings you're
the first one to send us an Amazon
package and you put it as a gift so your
name came with it Jason Cummings thank
you for the tease you guys send Amazon
stuff they never include your name so
you have to put it under gift this one's
coming in from Logan and look yeah a
book from Logan do you have that one
it's a Minecraft book cool just in case
one GTR wasn't enough
thanks Reagan I sketched it up uh-huh
you guys are so cool so talented you
can't sit oh that's cool the smoke you
like it
that is awesome Sam thank you so much
he made smile more out of the exhaust
that is freaking awesome really let me
see he made a little Roman soldier
skateboard little trick a little trick
trick spot yeah Josh says he's 11 if he
drew this that's really impressive yeah
I mean if he do that at 11 years old I'm
impressed
just yeah what's in there
these two monkeys who is that from
because I'm not I don't think Cain likes
it
Cain do you love that monkey Oh is there
a note inside the bag somewhere well no
there's got to be alright Andres and
Sebastian would they send no huh
man remember when we used to get tons of
those yeah it's like we showed him in
the we showed him in the vlog once and
everybody Cinna we have so many
apparently you probably for you dice we
have that same car GTR lots of GTR love
in today's mail
look at that Sebastian Anan dress
oh they sitting well stingray to kadam
--is this kid with this monkey oh my
gosh that's my so good and renew it from
Virginia please do not show this letter
in the vlog show the puffle what is that
minecraft stop-motion oh it's cool do we
got to do this in the vlog so you you
like move them one and then you take a
picture move them on take a picture move
like the one stick you guys took a
little plug no I'm with like Legos -
thanks Adam we may have to intro a vlog
with this man spider-man spider-man Wow
first we just fished of the night what
is with this dude this is deal he's like
you can bend him around so it's just the
pencil from China he says I don't know
that's all the info bother his name's
Jess thanks jazz that is a cool pencil
you should use this for school yeah
wait does heavy eraser that's cute how
can you not smile that it's magic
hey guys it's Roman here he came
there you want these ons you look like
one of them old detectives so much
better than these who's that from though
is that back from this is Samantha
London when it makes noise oh my gosh
that's too cool it's a motion bird a
little a time for just a couple more she
got them floppy eyes nose got the floppy
fingers diagnosed with Braddock's love
lymphoma cancer I just thought it would
be cool if you showed this in your vlog
because I know if people heard from you
they would support more than if I tried
to tell me Cain says he sees bubblegum
she's talking about a serious story
things like I see so so Charlie so
here's the one with cancer which is his
brother's the worst we're now saw your
warrior sweeter that goes so well
together a Sawyer strong like they all
got their head shaved oh look you just
mad cuz you don't have a saw your boy
your shirt it's all right Sawyer
man it's always so hard to hear he's
real tough stories but you got this you
got this in the bag we're looking at all
your pictures and the Atwoods got ya
I'm a sore your warrior you don't see
what he sent
just want to give a huge thank you guys
for sending all the mail and all the
postage stuff I mean it knock Noah out
peace I really took it out guys he's
done I'm pretty sure it is bedtime wrap
it up schools school can't even say the
word school yeah so it's a school night
we're wrapping it up it's time buddy
it's time you only got like a couple
days cuz Thanksgiving so I don't want to
hear it I know give me a hug don't worry
man before you know it you're gonna be
30 I love you so much sleep better than
ever
thanks kind of cool actually yeah not on
there yeah we got a mess to clean up
look at that oh you look so comfy can I
have a hug nice hug it's been in there
since vacation what sand okay
I I have to start taking all this
cardboard out she's Louise man I was
like such a fraction in the mail we have
and it makes such a mess with all the
cardboard you guys are incredible though
I just can't get over the the amount of
stuff like all right guys I think this
is actually a good time in this vlog I'm
gonna take all this trash out Kane's
getting the bench waving to him you're
in medic mode thanks for sticking around
today and watching the go out with
family here you boo boo we will see you
guys tomorrow I hope you like a little
bit longer vlogs I'm gonna work on that
that's something I really want to do
personally as well and just correct me
out with that hair we're getting a
haircut this week are you into it
tomorrow yep so we're talking about
Christmas today guys what are you asking
for for Christmas that's the only thing
I want to see in the comments today what
are you asking for for Christmas what
about you okay big Jurassic dinosaur
cage I don't even know what that is
hope you guys had a wonderful day or
having a wonderful day maybe it's
morning lunch I don't know what time it
is where you guys are thanks for
watching us and hanging out and we will
see you tomorrow where's your lint
roller this broom is always so random we
will see you guys tomorrow be positive
think positive don't worry about
anything negative just battle it baby
push right through it you can do it I
love you smile so our plan today was to
set up our Christmas tree which I we all
really wanted to do and then we we
remembered it's Jessica's birthday it's
my brother's wife's birthday so we're
going to meet up with him how
