hey hey guys what is going on it so it's
a very very late start today hey buddy
smile we are we spent the entire day
working on you guys know yesterday we
did the entire photo shoot for the smile
more store and today Britney and I were
on the website all day going through
every photo photoshopping them putting
them on the site the inventory ah stuff
you guys is just details that I don't
put in the vlog probably up us some
in the blog we're headed to her growls
mom's right now get all the Leafs oh she
got the guard dog out the guard dogs
here there's Louie you open the door
dude I'm too scared
look at that vicious dog what's up with
y'all what all from outside sneaky this
used to be our cat a lot of you guys
probably didn't know that this is our
kitty at our old house sneakers
what's that our cat - really
oh my gosh we gave you a whole petting
zoo so this is it this giant box oh my
gosh mama got a Fraggle present it's
gonna blow up it's a prank box so this
is a gift to mama
and I can't believe they didn't take it
upstairs for you we have to call some
people we have to call some people you
got it by yourself you need some help
can you gonna help me you know I got my
over are you excited
oh yes
I'm so excited I am I want to see the
box grandma there's a big dog at your
door I know he came over he comes over
to play with stuff Louie okay here mom
oh you vlog I ran here you don't do it
mom our vlogs not home
oh my gosh is really heavy you vlogging
can you put it on a little stand you
know are you stuck or what Oh already
I'll push well this is a real treat guys
we've never filmed inside Mama's room
let me ask you something
you've been playing darts or what it
says Vicki loves Brian my mom and dad
what is this mall what is you a a bo
Jackson fan look at this
straight-up okay well now we're just
unwrap it the things that we actually
vlog in our lives is so crazily what are
we doing wrong seriously that for a
month bird look it mommy
look at that all right mama try it out
this is yours you try it out this is
super super duper oh ma you're never
getting up what do you think let me ask
you something yeah how long have you
been sleeping on that mattress many many
many many years I don't know whether it
was he's making a bed I don't know
whether it's your mother's mattress and
then I got it and then I gave dirt so
this this you've been sleeping on this
for probably longer than some of my
viewers have been alive you're right
that mattress right 25 years old
well that better than your straw and
stuff you were sleeping on before that
so here's what happened the guys over at
Casper calm said hey we want to send you
and your family a mattress this is this
is $750 mattress so we were like well we
don't really need one right now but at
the same time Brittney was like Momo
really needs a mattress so we sent it
here do you love it or what oh you gonna
sleep like a baby
okay guys and for that I'm gonna give
them a serious plug a serious shout-out
this is a I'm literally reading it right
off their uh their site here it's a
risk-free trial if you if you buy one of
these matches they'll ship it for free
right it's free they'll give you a
hundred day trial if you don't like it
they they pay to have it shipped back oh
yeah funds went crazy yeah your mattress
is 750 bucks they just sent it to you
Seavers you very good thank you
oh it's American me it's an American
company these are made right here in
America that's that's pretty cool for us
he's local zoomed in your face yeah I am
a little bit dang it
they're hooking you guys up to $50 off
of used Casper comp or slash Roman my
name use code Roman they'll give you 50
bucks off 100 day free trial you don't
like
it I'm guessing you'll like it yeah I
would like it we should get some of
these for our guests we can just line
the whole upstairs with them for like
when people come to make them mostly box
so big shout out to Caspar thank you
guys uh mama needed this so bad I think
she's already fall asleep
yeah links in description guys check
them out
nice nice company to hook us up like
that alright bye peace see you guys next
week Bahamas ok guys so like two days
ago three days it was our anniversary
two days ago we went out and we failed
we went to dinner we got there we had no
money so we had to go back home totally
almost embarrassing at this point in my
life that I couldn't take you to dinner
on our anniversary so we're getting
we're getting kind of a second chance a
little bit Kane stayed with mom all
their going home and then Brittany and I
we're gonna go to dinner my whole
family's actually gone and then her and
I were going out we're gonna go run
around and do some stuff so you guys
want to join us stick around
yeah it's gonna be so much fun can you
honestly imagine Kane's face the boat
the boys face we did an upside-down tree
that's the goofiest thing I ever seen in
my life
you guys ever seen that I never we got
into town just a hair early so we're
walking into the store looking at
Christmas stuff we could definitely use
more ornaments we don't have many ours
are all like the generic just balls that
you buy in a box I think that's a good
when I grew up our tree was like the
most random I kind of liked that though
like collecting like an ornament a year
and then by time we're like 5,000 years
old we'll have a lava pawn shop on our
tree it'll be awesome I doubt you guys
can hear it but they're already playing
Christmas music okay we just got the
text everyone's at dinner so we're going
on now we're late we were really early
see this is why we're late Thomas I
remember when Noah loved Thomas Kane
went through a little train phase but
not like Noah was everything was tranqs
hey I love ya I'm not just saying that
because these guys are watching me all
right so we're right back in the exact
spot we failed this week to redeem
ourselves at dinner we actually brought
money this time you're scaring me to
death
everybody just need like Kings I got
chicken fingers and fries at my classic
it was my choice that's what I want oh
my
that's that's huge I was gonna let you
have any anyway since Dale and I were
little kids we used to play this game
whoever can guess the tab without going
over would always win a dollar I feel
like that number should go up by now
Hobbs
so basically we played this game forever
I guess we had a big one so Brittany and
I bounced over to the store real fast to
try to find a craft we've been I know I
know she's so excited
wait oh my god you can get in it yeah
you write it look I saw this side and it
was a kid just drawl and I was like oh
you can draw on your dinosaur so we came
we were trying to fight we've been doing
a lot of crafts with Cain keep him busy
doing doing things he's all about
darkness were since that Lego game came
out so this is I know cardboard what a
freaking genius whoever came up with the
idea to make cardboard animals and sell
them how much money do you have in a
cardboard Animus got the cardboard
houses and you got to color the whole
thing yeah see guys I'm telling you guys
start your business this guy somebody
laughed at this guy 100% he's like yo I
want to make animals out of cardboard
himself
like somebody laughed at 100% now it's
cool man watch we're gonna take it home
show Kane
he's gonna flip I wasn't even near you I
don't take the band-aids take the
band-aids mom we're headed home that's
it that's our night why did you say it
like that like it was all night lots cuz
we had like I thought this was gonna be
like this this great day of going out
and vlogging but we ended up working and
I didn't want to vlog two days in a row
of just work and I want to I didn't want
to put that on you Ricky Bobby hi guys I
came I'm like I just got like I'm all
stuffy
and I've got a headache from a Qi double
hockey sticks
yeah played hockey I'm like coming down
out of nowhere
oh not again not again I can't be sick
enjoy your nice new bed I'm going to do
that's why I'm anxious to get home you
better call me as soon as you wake up
and tell me how you slept
the eggs would be like four in the
morning hey maybe this new bed will make
you sleep all night you want a little
mozi get some salt water and heat it and
sniff it that's what you do a smoke oh I
feel terrible sounds awesome
what are we doing how do we do this
looks like you already drew and
stickered it before I even got over here
just like that yeah you guys never
struggled like just building a pizza box
or something this is like that was your
job
I know it's like extremely look at these
instructions probably the worst
instructions I've ever seen it's like
the human brain configuration right
there I told you guys that we were extra
in the mood for Christmas this year like
super in the mood check this out
came Brittany Roman no how awesome
they're huge just say Santa's feet that
big came
all right guys I'm truly just not
content and happy with my energy right
now and I don't feel good and I'm just
complaining like I hate doing so I'm
gonna pick this up in the morning I will
see you guys in like one second I'm
gonna rest up I think I've hit my point
hey you like heard I know okay see you
guys on one side and just like that
we're back guys good morning good
afternoon good evening I'm not sure what
it is but I couldn't leave you guys
hanging last night I was so like kind of
like that I'm not doing that much better
today to be honest with you I'm really
congested and I'm just off a little bit
I was the whole vlog yesterday you guys
pricing but I couldn't leave you guys on
a downside you guys know I'd love to
leave you guys on a positive note ready
to conquer your day and kick some butt
pick some real peanut butter but love
you guys so much thanks for sticking
around through this video I'll try to
pick it up for you tomorrow and
hopefully I just get back on my feet
I've been I'm just uh I don't know what
it is little fatigue and a little
stuffed up and I don't know let's move
on let's move on I love you guys we'll
see you tomorrow don't forget how
amazing you are how important you are
how delicate you are beautiful you are
we love you
