hey guys how the heck are you today it's
a beautiful beautiful day hey guys hi hi
so I can't lie to you today keen and I
really haven't felt that good in fact it
took me almost all day just to get this
vlog camera up and start rolling you
want to show everybody what we did
yesterday no sure what we built just in
case you didn't watch yesterday's vlog
me and the boys decided well we built a
trampoline in the basement and we
cheated a little bit you see most
trampolines require these it's like the
greatest idea ever in my friend this is
the greatest idea ever so I don't know
if many people knew this if you take
this part out wait this isn't the right
piece I don't know if many people know
this if you take this bar out and just
put the legs on you have like a little
trampoline whoo oh can you got this you
got this
whoa so the ideas are kind of endless
from here but I do have one quick fun
idea you guys want to do it I need some
help
mom I need help come on little boys I
figured since it's just the boys and I
today Brittany is with my brother's wife
they are at grocery shopping filling
this out so I'm stunning so bad in there
Brittany is with my brother's wife
getting groceries we have emptied this
house as always with food so they're
doing that me and the boys are gonna
play a little bit okay here's what we
need we need where's our actual like
skateboard all right let's get some
tools you got the tools all right let's
do it I'm gonna ask ahead of time for
you guys to forgive me for my I'm full
today my sinuses are for my throat is
sore I'm very off today so bear with me
we're gonna make the best vlog we can
today I'm ready to entertain my boys
they deaf
to burn some energy these video games
just aren't cutting it it's just not
cutting so here's something I used to do
when I was a kid it's very fun you guys
can do it too
check it out I need a cameraman anybody
want to be a cameraman I'll spin it just
make it nice and straight we've moved up
from the crappy screwdriver as a way
faster yeah boom okay there you go there
you go now do it that's it okay so now
that we got both our trucks off we can
take this board down to the trampoline
and we can do ski tricks on it yeah you
want to try that me okay come on dude
okay you want to see Noah ride down the
steps on that dude he wouldn't even
break his face I would imagine that most
of you have done this if you haven't do
it it's a lot of fun it's a good
exercise I get beat you up and you it'll
try here let me show you how to do it
and then you felt me I haven't done this
for ever so don't judge me
we pretty much made it only at the
atwood house did we say it's too cold
outside what do we do build a trampoline
inside it's perfect you ready give it a
try show me up you better than me
I didn't do very good all right so you
just hop on and jump just like you went
on the trampoline two feet okay you're
it's probably harder with your hands in
your pocket there you go nice that was
really good for your first run that's
awesome
okay I got one more idea wait here I
don't know if this is the best idea I've
ever had but it can't be the worst I
don't know if this is charged do you
think this is possible
hey that looks so weird try to bounce a
little bit easy now easy easy horsey
whoa
that's pretty rad dude whoa
my little extreme
my little extremists cane you always
know how to fill me with smiles dude
he's over here pumping gas and escape
where you need gas for your board but
you did that
oh I never seen that I was gonna say how
did you just come up with that out of
nowhere I think you're full you got the
keys we're gonna run over promise no we
would go over and pick up Owen today so
we're gonna go grab him for a little bit
I got such a late start to today's vlog
guys took me all day to just get up and
move
look at this beautiful evening though
really pretty look you see the moon yeah
that's pretty cool alright dude I'll see
you later
Cain's gonna go pick up on I guess no
you just start in the car I hope you
guys are having such a wonderful day
there's so much negativity going on
right now just painful heart-wrenching
things that I'm reading on the internet
and stuff with Paris and
it's so painful to see this and it's so
hard to look at it please please please
don't wait for reminders to realize how
amazing and how precious each one of us
are we are so amazing and I'll see how
any of us can hate the next person we
are all awesome please don't wait on
reminders understand and be so thankful
that you have today I'm with my boys
today I couldn't be happier I love these
guys
be thankful every day for what you have
we're so delicate we were just so
fragile and run and grab him all right
definitely don't want to come on here
and start venting or ranting I just you
know you guys know that I push this
positive energy in this this company is
smile more and it's so hard to see these
tragedies take effect and then try to
promote happiness it's so difficult so I
guess what I'm trying to say today is
that understand how fragile we are how
sensitive we are we we got to be
thankful for every single minute we have
here on this planet and we're here
together we're all a team baby we're all
here together let's make it fun let's
make it good for all of us let's get
this chair up or you got it what's up
okay we're back home you got five
minutes five minute drill everything you
want to take needs to happen in five
minutes wake up wake up oh he wants to
show you something oh that awesome I
just got that I'm gonna take the steps
look at our stairs okay
oh very bad ice water right no I want
someone drying oh that's right oh oh you
know I'm just gonna take my video okay
just a harder you ready
okay we're gonna go over to my brother's
house play some video games
really want to do that right now my
little TV
hey guys so last night we head to my
brother's house to play some video games
and it is current day right now we're
waking up the next day Cain had fallen
off of Dale's couch and cracked his head
open I'm not even kidding it was like
terrible we were like right in between
do we go to the hospital or do we you
know is this okay it was just a huge
friggin mess and it's crazy as we did
all that stuff on the trampoline and all
that goofing off and he never got hurt
we go over he falls off the couch and
gets her he's doing pretty good hey dude
can't leave you with daddy for one
minute so he's doing a lot better how
you feel buddy feel okay yeah he was I
took it like a champ I never seen a kid
take it so uh I didn't put it in the
vlog it was just I don't know but it's
something I didn't even grab my camera
it was like I was attending to him all
night
what big dinosaur anyway so yeah king
out of his first real boo-boo
huh it's your first one it was pretty
serious up a little bit so yeah guys
kind of a quick ending to last night was
no things happen man when you got kids
and family it happens which by the way
today there's me and Molly seven-year
anniversary so happy Anniversary lover
Wow seven years down seven years I wish
I had that much time here anyways yeah
so we're gonna start fresh right now the
vlog will start off right where I'm
leaving this one and we will see you
guys tomorrow so that's gonna do it for
the vlog we will start off tomorrow
right where we're leaving off today and
hopefully get a full day of vlogging and
Kane's doing better so scared last night
what's the worst injury you have ever
had I have broken both bones and both my
arms
that was terrible not at the same time
I'd actually broken both bones in the
Sun first and then broke both bones in
the second so what is that tell me in
the comments what's the worst injury
you've ever had my brother had a bunch
of stitches in his head what's your
worst injury having a baby oh that's
right yeah you can still see the scar
Dale super glued it for me oh hi mama
okay guys to tell me you're worse ne
what's your worst injury you've ever had
what's the worst thing that ever I broke
my arm after I was 70 after 70 thought
you were only 50 no I never had a broken
bone I've broken arms that's it guys we
will see you tomorrow
thanks for everything tell me what your
worst injury injury has ever been and
don't forget to smile Nik Kane's happy
to see you well now it's my turn now
it's my turn for love my little booger
oh I got both my boys today Oh
