you wanna do it hey hey hey guys hey I
started to start it's just hard to get
on hey guys how the heck are you
I wish I could show you how big of a
rush we've been in today my anxiety
everything is through the roof
are you ready to do this yeah all right
who have you've never done it with the
wind it's scheduled just gonna be like
this it's insanely windy like no
everything's there's trees blown over
down there I think we're really lost
walking out this is if for sure no one
day we don't ran track we're going
offroad
we have 6x6 we have successfully made it
to our destination good job Brett it was
all you we're here we're about to go
ziplining guys I've never done this here
Alfie's never done ever all that thing
looks vicious oh look at it just tear
that thing apart Oh where's this little
tail he's so cute oh my gosh we're
taking him on it looks just like that
cat I found you yeah do they have the
same balance with no tail he's trying to
he's trying to answer the question he's
like we go hello
so we're here with Elijah is it Elijah
or Elijah I prefer you Elijah Elijah I
can say Elijah that's what you'd like so
we're setting up he's gonna help us
today we're doing this no how many died
oh that all depends on the weather
that's it usually because it's bad what
let's go ahead step to the leg looks
like that real quick dude you nailed
that you're practicing this is our app
right you know right thank you
you got this how you gonna break thanks
back up top she she just told you how
she was gonna break and then she did
opposite of that okay pull yourself back
I think we're gonna have a problem with
this one today yeah what are you doing
with your legs what are you trying to
write hey what are you doing trying to
get us kicked out of here just kidding
no it was great it was funny I liked it
so we're now headed to our first zip
location what's the longest zip line
here actually on our tour off property
what we're gonna be doing not
thousand feet has seams
now you've never had a thousand-foot
but what's so funny
so we're headed to do this today that is
that the last one you do no no after the
1040 more supplies I'm very excited it's
so in the up here just warp down to the
200 I couldn't vlog it we brought it go
for oh here comes Alfie this is brick
coming next picked up it should be yeah
this is I I highly advise you guys to do
something like this they're probably
something in your area no matter where
you live there's some crazy zip line
tours this is something really fun to do
it's it's great the whole family friends
whatever if it comes rip
nice how was that one I was fast a
really big this is good is so much
faster this one even if you're strapped
then it's still scary be Blakey break
his bloody biscuits okay we are now
hiking up up up what is it all the river
the river this really cool it's nice as
the wind stopped down in this this
ravine
it's pretty down here though bit like
one month ago all these Leafs would have
looked amazing like bright now it's all
dead
this is by far my favorite zip yet for
in Phoenix we just came right into this
what's it called not a cave a recessed
cavern a recessed cavern because I guess
a cave is only a cave if there's zero
natural light coming into it yeah I
don't know where we're going now lunch
right
is this our lunches you could probably
scavenge something everybody thirsty at
all we have some water here for you but
if you're good to go
I might start down there you drink out
of the falls
yeah so this one is unbelievable you
can't even see ve you just go through
the trees and this is the fastest one no
it's one of the fast one of the fastest
possible
she gonna make it yeah it's perfect
I love your legs they like just flying
him so that's a wrap on the zipline show
good time a lot of fun Alfie good hey
man thanks for all the fun
absolutely glad to help good times
highly recommended by Bob by Bob it's
like he wants to talk to me I honestly
just asked him if they were giving this
cat away I was gonna take him home I
loved him I was was it he just turned up
a year ago I know but they went okay
nice card every single person in there
was like oh no that's my yeah thank me
huh oh yeah they're all over the place
okay so I forgot to tell you earlier
this week that Brittany had called the
skydiving area actually Brittany made
the call
I didn't so good good on you mate
we we try to go skydiving and they said
they're closed for the season it's too
cold it's too they're you know it's
windy and everything but we just met a
couple here today that said in Cleveland
they're still running
skydiving it's only about a two-hour
drive so we're gonna make that call
tomorrow hopefully booked skydiving this
is too bad you weren't gonna do any job
yesterday
today if we can't book it for next week
we should do it
I'm saying you guys good
yeah and then we meet up in Dubai and do
over the park I know I want to do this
so bad
I feel like Britain I have to do it just
because we owe it to the viewers and I'm
just dying to do it like I really want
your Britney's terrified of it we are
actually down in Logan Ohio and we're
stopping a place called millstone
barbeque everyone is up one place that
it's like phenomenal so we're gonna try
it out thanks for getting that door
sweetie you can't spell romantic with
that Roman it could be the hardest
decision of my entire life and
everything brisket pork barbecue wings
everything go all of it everything oh
yeah we just found out that we have
pickles they have gherkins that's what
they're called yeah but they're not
actually pickles no it is it's it but
they look black that's what all pickles
Oh gotcha
grunts Tim pickle then you call pickles
gherkins yeah that's so funny it's good
to go here have a jar gherkins a gherkin
okay nobody eats them in the game
they're not like popular thing over here
you can go to Disney how do people have
walking around the Fried Chicken we've
tried everything
fry everything fiber nori Oreos Bible
well as you guys can imagine I settled
for barbecue baby ribs Britain even got
some ribs and chicken ribs in chicken
beans macaroni hang on and miss that you
guys always catch her mid bye ugh it's
not even on purpose it's an accident
every time I'll be like hey how's the
fish
so LVN are waiting in the car while
Brittany runs in to get some drinks and
she locked us in and I just set off the
alarm opening the door you know we set
off the alot did you hear it did you
turn it off
what were you doing why you so paranoid
the second she gets other car she stops
and looks at both of us just like that
there's nothing we can do no the keys so
we can have that radio on give me the
key she knows she knows we're gonna
leave just for a minute it's not like
really forever look at her she's so
perfect for the record she has every
right to always be paranoid yeah sure I
have put her through the wringer like
she's a tough cookie now your video that
went up today which is like pranking her
oh no it's always you should see how
many pranks that happened to either her
and I that aren't even on camera like
we're constantly not so at each other
it's fun keeps us on our toes
never they go okay so we actually just
came in now we're just looking at stuff
we're doing nothing actually for that -
do you have cereal in the UK what's that
I don't know what that is like what do
you call it we call it boxy but guess
who's back back back back again again
again he's always so happy to see mommy
hey mom
I always get a hug from you because they
always go straight for each other oh
there's some reason lately when we get
home can go straight to mom I know it's
always we're always we're always okay
yeah yeah he's been working with an ax
so he can buy something
oh he's saving up the money well how's
the smile more shop doing oh I don't
want to hear that here we go with the
insurance how's it going look at all
these orders guys thank you holy cow I
know Christmas season is coming up so
you guys are ordering extra stuff
everybody's working to make sure your
orders are out this is crazy
thank you guys I'm so excited to see you
supporting this smile more baby
but I told Elfie I said y'all watch this
and he's like okay hey sorry about the
little snake that was I didn't know you
like that let me see you
you got a smile more stamp yeah oh I
love it dude the army of smiles is
growing every single day Alfie was
supporting it yesterday dude and today
and were you wearing one too yeah
all right on and it's dog it's gonna
have one so mom
grandma's been want a picture with Alfie
since he got here she's gonna get one
tonight
you got the snake I'm just scared her so
bad that so I'm gonna go buy this in the
picture I'm gonna go like that and then
drop my shoulder here how about this is
good back yeah well take them on that
too just in case yeah yeah
say cheese with him what I did it's you
two like you were just smiling have you
ever had a wedgie there we go
smile them all no one's safe in this
house it's not just you you guys know
you gotta catch it in the net good job
dude he caught that I guess
okay so Britt and Cain just made some
cupcakes a little baby cupcakes have you
tried one yet no way do we go is this
one daddy's yeah you making me a custom
one what are those little fish what are
those
Britt's crazy sprinkles I don't know how
many you have but it's in a box
okay so we're warping into the night a
little bit Alfie brought these
ridiculous what is this muscle stimulant
TENS machine it's meant to be for when
you're pregnant and the thing you put on
like your lower back or if you're doing
that sports and you don't have your arm
or something like that so you muscle
meant to build with you isn't for about
to use it for but it like completely you
can't control your arm like it pear
immediately it's right yeah it's crazy
in like tenses all your muscles like
crazy so we were gonna actually do a
separate video with this but we're just
gonna put it inside this blogger in and
do a couple things
each come on feel first this is
hilarious I can't wait to do this you
can get past man I'll go first
yeah you guys give me an object I have
to draw while I'm wearing it's gonna be
impossible
okay so I'll put these on that somebody
else control it I think we should I and
what what it goes up to like 50 a thing
on oh why don't you press that button
yeah and we're like home right here yeah
one there and then put the other one on
here oh geez
so you press this one up yeah okay here
we go I'm starting how about three cubes
oh oh oh
where were you were you that my 20
that's 20 what is this
I dude I can't even grip the pin at all
oh yo you turn it up high that was
really high
yeah when it really hit you you can't
draw period I mean look remember earlier
briefly the BRIT locked us in the car
not now let's do it okay you ready yeah
here we go
that's 18 you got a job what is a
triangle that all happens so quickly
it's very good okay she's going to roll
it up uh yeah you took me to 35 oh okay
I want to try to get more of your hand
in this all right you ready here we go
should I flip it over I just try you
know go right there do it real slow
you got a drone looks so nice it was 24
I think 24 alfie is up hit year do you
want to control Harvey J I'll just plug
it up so you kind of have to wait to
kick in before we can start drawing
here's a quick look back my box you can
tell that this is before it really kicks
in and then that's ridiculous is it -
they got like eight you start off you go
my own it's policy - no he's got it I
can't believe you're holding the fins oh
yeah
whoa you're in the third once you get
uses pretty good my fingers literally
were like it's the second
thirty's it's over look you guys are
economic Oh 50 oh my gosh we all
completed a box that's a tough call
so this is our boxes who won the box
this is the level we made it to and some
of them we think I don't know if this is
accurate but this one we have to go to
level 30 and take a drink of water
basically that's gonna be ridiculous you
got the red cups do the big red cups
they'll be just as funny and just put
like a little water in it wait a minute
you know even though he got the glass I
don't know if you can see fingers are
like gone this still feels weird yeah
okay
I'm gonna start again okay so there's a
little bit of water in each Cup the
challenge is go to level 30 and drink
the water I don't know I'm gonna have to
let you go out there so I'm not at all
yeah well I don't know what it's gonna
be like what do you mean not very until
30 and then go and pick it I just want
to get it over with so I'm gonna do it
should we switch arms okay ready so
you're going out you have to wait it's
on that day oh this is gonna be
miserable
I know why are we doing this to
ourselves Terry you can't hurt you some
twenty ten five more it's impossible
there we go there we go no I cannot
yeah oh wow
you know what I feel like I feel like at
first you cannot move your fingers but
after like those 10 seconds or whatever
I was able to open up I think that's why
you can go to higher levels you can
actually get used to it hey we're gonna
watch it on here and just relax okay
we're go on five ten that's 20
that's 20 okay okay 30 drink the cup you
know you made it to 30 22 or something
and drink it
3 4 5 that's 10 he gone it was all right
that feels like
it's okay yeah Kenny gotta tell y'all oh
my gosh my fingers like this finger here
okay that's 25 he's like oh you got it
okay so we're removing most of the
blocks for the Ginga game and we're
gonna try to pull out the final piece
wearing the muscle things I don't even
know if this thing's are called
but it's terrible it's so much worse
oh don't I get down I think this one you
know no okay you got a hold on you to
pull on it down Oh God
barely yeah I almost knock the whole
thing over
I got you're at 30 right now oh my gosh
dang the second I turned like you're we
knocked it over without the pads alright
is there he is guys thank you so much
for watching today we are warping into
bed time little Keener's are you gonna
go to sleep
alright mommy time to say good night we
love you guys thank you so much this is
Alfie's last day here I'm gonna take him
to the airport in the morning if you
haven't checked this channel while his
links in the description go subscribed
to him he makes cool content so Wow
that's all I got for you
thanks for coming zipline into it a
little bit but is it guys I feel like my
arm is still like feels weird from those
things I don't know I don't know we love
you guys I gotta go get this kid to bed
smile more you're beautiful
who of your heads could fill those up
it's bigger than your entire body you
could parachute with that thing I think
it's you all right come on somebody's
probably tried that on to this Oh
