Hey hey guys good morning we're starting
off with the killer breakfast bacon and
eggs and sausage pretty much tradition
when we have guests how did you sleep
man
Alfie's here I said really really good
all the way from his 13-hour flight he
arrived there after midnight last night
all right so you got some sleep ready
nobody pranked you am I really smell all
Christmassy when I got in yesterday and
Britt was like I think somebody's in the
house or is the clown was I right what's
going on just by yourself I'm still not
happy this I explained to him days
before he arrived you made it very clear
that you were terrified you were gonna
be pranked and I had to convince him
that that wasn't gonna happen and this
is this it's not just you it definitely
was I offend to sorry before I say I
know he's got a police car we're gonna
get pulled over on the way back they're
gonna take him back to the airport but
man y'all being highly at home that's a
kind of a compliment yeah but I promised
you I told you we would just have fun
and make some crazy vlogs
gainers hi buddy so we're just getting
the day started Brittany's finishing up
her girly stuff we could be waiting a
while on that but look at this
typical Ohio baby this is rain clouds we
may have to find some indoor activities
today but we're doing super vlogs this
week extra long extra fun as he started
hi buddy
whoa mommy put the guns away morning
okay guys we're bouncing out of the
house and it's very ugly outside
it's nasty it's raining it's wet there's
already so many differences between your
culture and my culture and one of the
biggest things that comes to mind is you
have never held we're seeing a gun in
real life now never even seen a second
officer like the peace officers never
but you've never touched a gun ever not
no one doesn't know I don't think you do
you can keep on get one right completely
understand so I don't think there's any
way to start this collab out better than
to take him to my buddy Jerry's shooting
range this is I think if you're gonna
shoot a gun for the first time it should
be here yes all right it's it's state of
the art facility it's safe and it's
controlled and I guarantee even if he
has shot a gun before you've never shot
a gun like these
yeah yeah can we jump we just jumped
into a gas station what do you call gas
stations like what even is a gas station
a page of petrol station petrol station
hey petrol petrol that's rustic
anyway we're learning that there's were
called Walker's ours are called lays off
the shop I just didn't know what any of
it was he's buying he's buying a tree
for cane to win it started over yeah I'm
gonna propose to him Oh what oh yeah you
get him the bendy car he's like yours
he's gonna go home with you here we are
you guys ready yeah we got a first-timer
here today actually she hasn't been here
either so we got so we're here to give
them a little experience teach them a
little bit and then of course let them
have some serious fun absolutely
absolutely so I'll have them take you on
the range I'm gonna set you down we're
gonna go over just all the safe ways of
gun handling he's gonna start you over
the poster
stance everything we're gonna start you
off easy we've got our targets we've got
a couple handguns here ear protection is
a must and then these are for the big
guys after you take your class oh you're
gonna you're gonna flip did you have any
idea you becoming the class forget we're
doing this very proper oh my gosh just
like this and that's how you hold it
okay
figure out the trigger and just like
that make sure you're nice and firm okay
just like that
no don't even my thumb that's the first
gun he's ever held yes
it's heavier than watch till about okay
we're ready to go in through the lane
one word a spark putting everything on
Wayne toons go your left right here if
you hold it straight in it's gonna go
straight up I think I'm gonna lean in to
just do short little bursts with okay
now ASA principal√≠s fully out of 17
which is never shot it before I say all
the way tight pull back let go OC muzzle
flash our purposes
don't let freak out pull off the trigger
good job
it's good
how was that
Oh scary okay Alfie's turn let's see it
whoo makes you want to close my eyes
absolutely that's great you guys
destroyed the target that's for sure
I've been sitting back patiently waiting
better oh my god I'll take two
yes sir here and Bieber this is a side
pool yeah alright since nobody's run
enough here to do it I'm gonna move over
to the HK this is fully auto as well
this is incredibly smooth there's no
kick it's very the heart man so how you
feeling what do you think this is safe
it's so much more intense than what I
thought
intent I thought intends yeah I thought
I'd stop duty
yeah everything is incredible especially
smart endures more power such a bustling
go even just the kick you like the smell
and atmosphere everything
so Brittany's got a jump on the HK this
gun is incredible like it's so smooth
compared to the Glock
you hit some oh well we got a real treat
today this is again in your life Korean
War era browning 1919 and what you're
going to see Jake and Jim do right now
is they're actually going to secure it
to the bench because of the recoil that
way while you're shooting it the recoil
is absorbed by the bench and not by you
so it's going to give them just a couple
seconds here to get it set up then
here's the belts that you're gonna run
okay it's a 308 round why are you
shooting this these links are gonna go
flying out one brass is going to go out
the other so don't work if it lands on
your shoes just kick it off this runs
through in about 1.1 seconds just you
just want to be loud so just get ready
for that's why I had to go what he built
yours is so giggly right now this is do
what you said you had a treat for us I
didn't expect this this is crazy
no take care of you
this is next level right here I'm sorry
shot anything like this I think I gotta
go to the bathroom I'm ready for that I
know that it's not gonna translate but
the concussion like your shirt and
everything moves
no matter how many times should do it
it's still that shocking like it's
you're good
I was just waiting for him to clear that
way we were shooting while he was trying
to left end of the night what's next now
this is a ar-15 in full auto generally
they'll call them m16 or m4 's this is a
full automate ar-15
it's a pvs-14 I don't even know what you
just walked in with what is this yes yes
43 Chinese may shoot 17 sign me up
how do we do it holy cow
what's with the plate in the front
what's that for this is the heat shield
and that's the concussion - useless
concussion we down some buttons it
outside so it fires from this position
right mags in it's ready to go
why so it's ready to shoot okay that's a
wrap on gun day how'd you guys what you
think I know so nervous Torrance yeah it
was it was next level I didn't even
expect that I didn't expect to have all
that it's already such a fun start to
this little trip awesome I hope he's
here for the week guys we're also both
vlogging
so if you get a chance his channel will
be in my description go show some love
go tell them that you're a Roman soldier
and I sit you down let's give you some
love man let's blow this channel up are
you blogging this week yeah just so
whatever might accompany you
yeah I put some fuzzies on that wraps no
audio will be good for you I can't
believe it you never use those and I
budgeted miss now we put we put the
windscreens on there this morning
they're pretty distracting for yard
anyway we're heading to dinner and we're
going to a full place you guys actually
maybe you've seen this new Boise beat
did date night here long time yeah my
third waiting the second date and you
just haven't told me kinda this is I
don't even know where to start we all
got a little bit of salad and we were
talking about proportions earlier
because overseas the persons are much
smaller in the u.s. usually
you order salad it comes out and like a
giant bowl it's huge it's a meal so we
actually got normal proportions I don't
know what these are what else is because
they show me
and then these are bratwurst corndogs
basically there's bratwurst
it could be the greatest idea I've ever
heard why haven't we done this just in
case you missed it in a different video
that we've made this is a high superhot
rock that they bring you an you cook
your own steak it's awesome what do you
think dude sorry I'd say usually you'd
pay to have your steak cutter but
tonight now I get to choose yeah no
complaints we all got the same thing I
know you love this and they got a one
such a comment war when I tell you guys
how I eat my steak medium-well just a
little tiny bit of pink
I know people get so mad when I crush
they like they like it like raw like
this
yes some people eat their steak just
like this
okay guys we're moving on we've just met
up with Pam and Carl what's up buddy man
he literally just flew in from China
right now like about a hour ago
one hour I only had a bite so you don't
need sleep this guy never ever sleeps so
we're taking actually we're going to the
Barcade because alfie you've never heard
of one of these right there's no such
thing in the UK yeah so it's a arcade
that's also a bar I've showed it the
blogs before it's a fun place to hang
out so he's - how old are you - you're
flat how old are you just sad
how old are you - oh you know have these
games like retro to him is halo oh it
did so funny I just watched the movie
pixels I don't know just coming in here
reminds me of that movie it has like all
this school especially cuber
okay
we're trying sorry to race taeho here we
go all right
well it looks so weird on the banner
- where to start
I'm stopping you stopping you no way
that's the first time we played
that's the year I was born
83 to be the state's going home with me
I remember playing all these games
thinking those are the best graphics
I've ever seen like how can it get any
better than this
do you remember master sizes plant
pixels
dude I remember playing these games
Mario car Goldeneye and I was like
best friend and I got a butter remember
that yeah
hold a knife still
honestly once you beat every game in
there two or three times it just gets
boring you know I mean totally boring
like you know just all that it gets
repetitive good did you have a good time
did you did little drinker a little fish
you happy I know you're sleeping back
there feel bad we're gonna we're gonna
we're gonna get you home
we've had an excellent day so far like a
great fun day to me it's been just ideal
of my stupid cheese cake you guys
together was a secret here's how they
know you've been drinking is the only
time I Drive why are you driving because
Britney had a drink at the bar head
so we're headed home we're leaving the
city we're gonna go back to a little
green Shack oh here she comes I don't
know what I'm blogging right now but I
pulled out my camera for you I just
talked it was what something we know as
well oh here she comes
that's a good saw hollow nose baby we're
walking in real quick to get breakfast
sir Brit someone what's that well you
boy you making fun of me man
thank you so much yeah I just pull up
the camera I want to talk to you guys
and be real personal that this Alfie guy
oh well that smells good it does smells
like Christmas cinnamon power you can
scare girls with anything dude
anything you think you can scare a girl
with a cute teddy bear let's try you can
scare a girl with
inside that
scary Teddy manners I told you can scare
girl with anything dude I guess for that
matter I would have been scared as well
like that was terrifying
no well look at what's on top of his
head right does it spin around that's a
baby turtle coming out of him
that's the thing get my spirit out it
looks like he's giving birth to another
baby turtle I don't know maybe I'm
delirious okay so yes Cain earned a
wobbly car today Alfie and I are gonna
film this really funny video tomorrow we
need normal like silly things to do
while we do it
carrying the kid down the stairs we got
this Ginga games gonna be perfect for it
and we need breakfast because you're
basically different to us also biscuits
right will you're dipping your tape
right it's like a hard cracker
yeah and ours is like a soft warm bread
yeah I don't like this for breakfast
you're gonna have gravy
it's the greatest thing ever gravy for
breakfast it's not that's right reverse
dinner don't take Thanksgiving don't
think of that type of gravy
I could make an entire video just about
the things he's never heard of that we
have every single day here it's a did
you hear what he just said he said
Hershey Kisses don't a stroke
oh my god they melt in your mouth like a
commercial thing Hershey's chocolate is
the best in the world
you ever been to Hershey Pennsylvania
are you asleep
man I genuinely worried me walking into
yours lying on the couch unconscious you
been drinking again
we're home
of course of course you found mommy what
about daddy I got you something
you know what I got you come here I'll
show you I got you here it's in my
pocket
we got disappointing that was look oh
you have you have that one yeah and now
you have this one so we're kind of
wrapping up our evening we got the lego
gamers here rocking out the Lego
Jurassic world we are jumping into a
little bit of call of duty before we
pass out Alfie's beat man and then you
should be this guy has done so much and
the past few days it's been good you're
a champ
yeah we we've already had such a great
day though and tomorrow we're doing all
kinds of funny stuff I'm really excited
for this club I have been so maybe we
should do a gaming video do you want to
do a gaming videos yeah do you guys yeah
do you guys want to slow again yeah what
game that would be at what game maybe we
do it like a boat thing on Twitter or
something oh you may have to invert a
wall yeah I play inverted so oh he's
down downs up yeah
my whole life I'm probably did you guys
play like that so we're actually gonna
rap the night up guys this is uh your
very first you think you're gonna get
that home just take it home yeah I'm
just gonna wear it hood it up
wait see you you did really well this
was his very first ever shooting
anything ever even holding a gun in his
life
this was your first five rounds we put
five in right yeah it's fantastic I
don't know what happened down here but
this this this was like the first gun
that was at 12 feet yeah and then this
was a 15 feet the second gun oh I'm so
good we'll ignore this bear okay
it had to be bit a bad guy I think you
would've gotten five facials have you
ever done five facials we gotta kill you
we better in this blog okay guys again
I'm gonna throw alvey's channel in the
description go smash it good show him
your love guys I know how powerful you
are we're having a little subscriber
battle he's gonna see how many of his
viewers are gonna come to us and how
many of you are gonna go to him we're
gonna watch the stats small so let's see
if we're gonna win I think we got this
you haven't got that you're in for a
real treat my friend we love you guys
thanks for hanging out with us today we
will see you tomorrow don't forget to
smile so we got this whole barber shop
when are we pulling pranks here guys
come on man
you know you got some ideas this is such
an awesome place to pull trains he's got
some really funny pranks where you know
that ear thing
