so I'm actually just starting the vlog
right now how you guys doing
these guys are waiting at our hotel this
morning we're in a super rush let's do
this yeah yeah sorry I hate to rush you
guys that so bad
so sorry Roman Atwood alright here we go
here we go good man thanks for waiting
okay all right hey guys we are getting a
really crazy chaotic start today where
you have a meet-up in 30 minutes that's
not bad but we haven't eaten anything I
got it even for a meet-up meet-up
requires a lot of energy a lot of
smiling a lot of pictures
how you doing today man great why I'd
love to hear that we're doing really
good we're just a little hectic like
we're running around yeah catch up you
want what do you want we are in a hurry
we're gonna grab some quick hot dogs how
you doing man everything's good there we
go the most expensive hot dog I've ever
bought eight dollars
Oh where's this tastes like
has a weird has a weird flavor
you want to get something there you
can't eat it you have to eat it
and that thing was like $300 I'm sorry
guys we're like running really late it's
kind of our thing now all right guys
we're sitting here at our table ready
for our meetup this is a huge turnout
you ready to see this maybe maybe there
for us
Brittany found some french fries by the
way we're just in the middle of this
room getting the vlog uploaded from
yesterday whoa
I don't even know what meetup actually
yes what's up man how are you how will
we appear streetcar New York 2015 is
going down no I was I was just saying
this is my meetup right here okay this
the meetup to meet agree I'm in like it
thanks for waiting he's been waiting for
like 30 seconds your meetup right now
who sees also in the meetup I want to do
something today he hates when I drop
Drake lines from
it's on so I'm gonna do it today yo
you wore my bandana because I'm the only
one here you could hang out with other
people hey hey if you need me call me on
my cell phone
Barbara walking out right now
gonna be here long I think we're gonna
be cited for a while guys pussy brought
some of his bands we brought some of our
bands thanks about this mate
hey bruh hey Roman soldiers I'm selling
up for discount another nine that's more
than we charge I knew it ready I might
add it to Cherry this is sweet
wait you want it this way so you can
read it
awesome
so I don't want to just show the smile
more soldiers but I'm starting with you
man he shows up all these wristbands no
I'm not putting you in the blog you're
not gonna be in my blog nice this is
gonna bring me now what's your sister's
name
Meredith we love Meredith to be wearing
this shirt it's like oh just a stranger
she goes at my school cool and then we
started talking you like
so were you guys talking about thank you
thank you so much
how many of you know what this is yeah
are you good at these yeah really you
just said is the first a Rubik's Cube
I've ever signed I messed it all up
look that's terrible
we're taking these pitches back we're
taking them back to back
so these guys flip for us all the way
from Malaysia like you bought the ticket
from Malaysia that's at least like
that's a super trip man it's a 1d play a
one day flight the very first contest we
ever had our old house was a camera
giveaway and you want it see when you
get stuff for free you don't appreciate
it that's amazing I love it another
smile oh my god yeah let me see yours
scare are this hard to put in no I can't
even take you serious I'm a lizard on my
head so really cool you guys are awesome
so we've just finished our entire line
we got a couple diehards here and I feel
like did we meet before at playlist and
you're rocking the merge
you guys get everything you wanted
photos and I'm at the blog bro every
time I pull out my camera this is like I
need to talk to you I need I've been
meaning to talk to you get my good side
you've been in my vlogs ones like once 9
no you know off you showcase the hair
yet they haven't seen it yet this is a
surprise look at the reveal this look
360 cam I think it's getting ugly you
can see the hands and everything going
on here bro it's already grown out so
fast guys it's gonna last another four
days right now someday someday it's like
an animal that's all I do you guys know
all I do is work on this man I'm not on
your level man I don't even deserve to
be on what I've seen I've seen your meet
greets this is line try ours bit
they are our boss tell them tell them
who you are in case in a boozy Rosie oh
I talk about drama I talk about gossip
play about girl oh well life girls
that's a big job I don't have your book
bid on this man the bromance cannot fit
on this we're happening but oh my god
the bromance is happening on here the
same half-steps we're killing it right
now I don't they're not ready they're
not ready for the bro you ready yeah
listen unsubscribe for me subscribe to
this guy he's crushing it right now look
at talking about crushing it Timmy Timmy
you know what that is next-level on some
Speedos put on a belt and I was like
there's my costume didn't have
to get a conference put one together
real quick you got some neat pants
that's speedos there you go I love it
look at this building guys all glass
everything so guys we just finished our
meet greed it was very awesome and I
just gotta say you guys know how to
leave us speechless I just can't believe
honestly every time I do one of these
things I'm like I hope somebody's their
hopes for me and the line was huge it
took forever like look look right now
what up guys I was just I was just
talking to my viewers about how it's
just you guys are everywhere like it's
if you couldn't make it I'm sorry it did
make it I'm so happy to meet you thank
you guys from the bottom line for being
a part of this crazy journey that we're
on man I'm getting all I'm getting all
like emotional and sensitive like a
little girl what's up are you hug it up
no way you've been way in know you guys
are all wrong okay we're getting out of
here just burned up a day real fast we
was here under 100 where she came up
here somebody said there's a restaurant
up here but there's not so now we're
just like in love with the view look at
this there's a big cruise ship you know
I need to talk so it's a design oh you
where's our so soon I have night we're
starving but look at this oh my god it's
awesome so you guys know we didn't
really eat too much today we're trying
to find a nice place a little steak
house how you doing sir hey somebody
throw up in here yeah baby I don't see
anything
anyway we're gonna go find a steak house
something though there's a barbecue
joint
so in Ohio we're usually stuck behind a
tractor you guys yeah you guys actually
got horses
it's intimidation you ever like you
walked up to a cop on a horse it's scary
there's so many police in the city man
decisions decisions we got West Side
steakhouse we got the Lance
I got split you two wrong for what now
we're trying to decide like this is
probably more bar and grill that's the
steakhouse that's a place you do your
taxes it's the ghostbusters what's up
why do you make fun during every time
every time my camera what's up my friend
I said that every Thomas up my friends
yeah we should have sprinklers we
settled on a steakhouse but I ordered a
football apparently looks amazing but
there's no way the middle of that side
look at that the intrepid that thing is
gigantic that would be cool take a tour
on that thing this is actually really
awesome now I'm starting you know I
think I'm moving to New York like I
think after two days I think every
Tuesday he's I feel like it's just meant
for me man
hotdog stands beautiful lights you know
Kanye now I'm gonna be honest with you
guys this is the result of a good day
right here hey I'm afraid we uh I don't
know if I've ever told you guys this in
the blog but when and you're gonna agree
I bet with when we do these meetups
sometimes they're an hour long sometimes
are four hours long when you're done
with them you crash so hard it's like
because you're meeting all new people
your smile you having a great time
you're like your energy level is at its
max and when you're done it's like just
falling off a cliff like a crash so
hearty dating your speed dating not that
I've done it I certainly haven't we're
so dead lame wow they lame good day I
had a great time it was fun New York's
been fun but we gotta go Brit you gotta
make it home
we gotta be a 6:00 a.m. in the morning
catch a flight to Columbus I just want
to see you tell them that we
we have a secret huge Civic huge secret
yeah when are you ready to announce it
well it's just a net we don't have to
say much let's just announce what we're
doing whatever you're ready on this vlog
whatever you write all right yeah we do
it's gonna be fun
if you tell me the name of these Jordans
right now the number these are numbered
Jordans I'll give you them right now
what do you mean by number Jordan
Jordans have numbers right I guess right
in warn Jordan to you tell me that
numbers and they're in Roman numerals if
you can give me the Roman numerals of
these I'll given to you right now so you
have to say like no just give me the
number you don't have the Roman numerals
I'll get you right now 13 no what was it
1110 I went with my mom's lucky number
hers is thirteen stuff not my lucky
number
all right we're out bruh bruh we'll
catch you on the flipside
Roman so safe trip back to LA yeah we'll
see you soon real soon
what are you doing are you peeing it
looks like you're peeing you know if I
had a water is to be a good night
to do that the old-fashioned pee prank
because the cops are everywhere look how
many cop cars kind of disappointed in us
but I'm just beat
I know but we sound like old like old
boring people you know but we're just
would be illogical like we have
responsibilities I got to get up get on
a flight you know there's so many cool
costumes look at this room honey
when we go tell I don't know if we've
ever showed you guys I told you guys
this we never remember us never comes in
ever like even if we're here doesn't
matter how many days we never have room
service comes so the room just
continually gets worse just like home
baby just like home also I don't think
you guys noticed that I always start
picking my face right before I start
blogging I always forget now I'm gonna
be vlogging after I start poppin and
picking and poking I don't know
last time we love you guys so much
thanks for coming to New York with us I
hope that our next spot you guys will be
there and I'll announce it next time I
didn't say anything really about string
column on the wall because I feel bad
but we had an excellent right now way
more people that I expected I honestly
every single time we do doesn't like
like we are going to playlist Orlando in
April there was like three different
people were like we'll see you in April
yes so we have three people coming in
Orlando for sure oh well sorry we'll
start adding the numbers that way we're
at three right now thank you guys again
for coming along we will see you I am
dying I know Britney is gonna say the
same thing just to go home to the kids
like all I want to do right now I don't
you want to be here it sounds so bad but
I just want to do one of them warps that
always do butts a hole like hey guys we
just woke up talking with my cat sure
we'll be there soon we'll be there soon
all we gotta do is sleep edit and we'll
be there so we love you guys so much I'm
gonna stop rambling I hope you had a
wonderful day I hope you enjoyed this
vlog I hope it cheered you up a little
bit somehow
I don't know what I did that would have
cheered you up today but I'll work on
that tomorrow I love you guys so much
keep your head up and smile yo I got a
question I got a question for you did I
miss I got a question
I said unsubscribe Romanow they already
already unsubscribed I just wanna know
who your favorite youtuber is um like be
honest honestly well can I say who my
favorite YouTube friend is and this is a
hunter personís and everybody knows it
okay
