oh he thinks he's four now he can beat
us up no huh yeah
oh you're for now so you think you can
beat up Daffy okay we gotta go we gotta
go let's go you guys ready to rock
seatbelt seatbelt oh I see our little
monkey found it check out our tree line
it's looking so pretty
welcome to Ohio wow those are cool okay
sir today is Brittany's birthday
I just ate we've got a lot of birthdays
so my man Noah headed over to Owens Kane
I can't bend that way have too much fun
you want to get rid of him give Noah
five
Oh get him get him get him
any gonna play your games dude having
awesome I haven't awesome time love you
like crazy we'll see you soon
all right let's get this started no is
it Owens
we just took Kane to Britney's mom's cuz
she's been wanting to hang out with him
we've got a really tough decision to
make here anybody that has kids know
when you don't have kids you got a big
decision to make
we could either go out and buying
something to do or we could go home and
do nothing this is the last time we did
nothing does that even exist oh boy oh
boy that we're busted if somebody's
busted
bring it on copper are you coming after
us he's too slow
oh here he comes he's not it's like
somebody bumped him in the oak Grand
Theft Auto anyways what the heck are we
gonna do we got a whole night to do
whatever we want
it really doesn't exist I mean we don't
get that often ever very rare when's the
last time we just sat watch Netflix
never ever so we got a we got a very
rare evening tonight guys we could
either go home and do nothing and have
no vlog that's one of the biggest issues
we do have to vlog so maybe we do half
and half right a little bit we go home
she's gonna melt like the Wicked Witch
of the East or the west celebrate it's
not even that rainy the original plan
was to dress up tonight and go to
highball which is like a big downtown
Columbus Halloween fest but look at the
weather man it won't stop trying
something I don't think I've been to
this restaurant for 15 years no joke
I've been coming here for 15 years
I have never bought a bar I don't think
I've ever got a burger have you had a
burger here why is the special oh it is
cats fit well regardless I'm gonna try
to burger for the first time
no it was like
cheeseburger that's good good let me
game roughly good how many bites have
you taken so far was one one by eight
yeah okay I believe you
everybody's watching me theirs
so we just got a very interesting phone
call from mr. Cain Atwood saying he
wants to spend the night at Britney's
mom's house you think he's going to the
I bet he changed he sounds pretty
entertaining creeper okay so apparently
they make these little sweepers that's
hot knows where it's going they got
these sweepers that drive around your
house and sweep your floor all day
kind of like what grandma knows already
but it'll suck up a 12.com ball how do
we know that's a 12-9 ball my god should
should you call grandma now and tell her
that she she's gonna lose her job it's
just so beautiful least we have each
other we could survive any huh I'm goofy
tonight that food did something to me it
made me all like serious but not serious
nada
I'm driving
you guys are witness in a very rare
thing I'm driving
okay guys so we've made a decision
instead of going out and trying to
entertain you guys which I know we would
both love to do normally tonight we're
just gonna go home hang out together and
actually get some off time maybe just
hang out do some fun stuff still but
we're gonna do it at home right yeah
yeah it is nasty but nasty stinky I just
wanna I just want to hang out together
so we're gonna do that comfy up that's
it oh sweet oh and how do you have don't
you on already
I know times ticking it's like no ain't
gonna bed how do you have the perfect
date evening as a better mustard we
still got some things number one you
need snacks snacks chips maybe your
favorite candy I don't know I'm more of
a chip guy like the chips
what else did we get Britney got her she
got some alkie I still have a drinking
alcohol I'm just really surprised like
63 days six six to sixty three days I
don't know it's just something I started
and now I'm just seeing how high and get
the numbers
that's for my coffee
ah I don't drink anymore behalfs are
drinking coffee like crazy like I have
like two cups a day now sounds good
right now oh I know what you have -
cheesecake to go about that right now
actually what that is hey guys what's up
dude you hungry I think they are or
watch to say enough they're hungry
they just bite my finger I get you some
food little dudes man the tank looks
beautiful tonight
the glass is super dirty every great
date night slash know kid night requires
comfy clothes this what you're wearing
sweats in a t-shirt nice so I gotta get
something home job yeah honey are you
done yet let's just we're just watching
a movie
I'm trying to be comfortable you mean
that's not comfortable it actually looks
like you have it looks like you have
like a nice a nice pan boobies all right
this is us trying to get a thumbnail for
today's vlog it's comfy this is a change
I'll be right back
you get the movie ready or watching a
movie TV show what are we doing all
right we'll figure it out I'm gonna get
changed
all right guys for you we will be back
in one second where we're gonna watch a
movie
we haven't just sat back we look back on
one side I promise there's not gonna be
a second and be like no we're all
technically we're already back okay just
like that
what what trying to do my hair
you undo your hair or any what good
night
just like that guys we've worked past
the movie and relaxing and some
much-needed time we love you guys so
much tomorrow is the big mail vlog mail
blog now I know a lot have you been
waiting a long time I would imagine it's
gonna be a couple hours long it's gonna
be the longest one we've ever uploaded
so look for that tomorrow and that's so
quiet in our house without the kids
this is we're gonna be like when they're
all grown up here that I feel like we do
I don't know I feel like we'll be
yelling at each other I feel like I
gotta wear yeah I got a nose bro I'm not
for it what is this oh god it's a third
eye we love you guys we will see you
tomorrow I hope you're ready for a super
long vlog it's gonna be I would imagine
a couple hours so get ready
we love you we'll see your mom it's mama
thanks for watching this
