hey guys how are ya got my bro over here
we're playing with some just total
destruction there's this serious stuff
this is what full-grown adults do and
the kids just hang out with us yeah
there we go
what about the weenie oh you got this
today I actually sent Brittany out with
a vlog camera she's out with her mother
they're doing a bunch of stuff
Dale's working on my Internet I've had
tons tons of Internet problems along
with a lot of other problems
um but yeah just keeps dropping out I
got good mode I'm good everything good
in her hat but it just blows so I I'm
gonna try and get my phone fixed cuz I
dropped it and this stupid screen broke
we're gonna go see it's Sunday this
place is crazy busy we just spent how
long trying to park half an hour
and of course I write Clifford so it's
even harder oh he's pulling out that's
even that's a little bit closer right
there
see guys good to come with us today I
meant vlogging forever whoo so guys
hopefully tell me I did a good job today
okay
so this is my phone
there's pieces falling out here you can
see and it's fat selfie cameras broken I
need my iPhone thing is going on is
there any way to get the screen repaired
do you have a backup of your information
we're gonna try and fix my phone so
there might be
everything on it might be okay I'm gonna
be without it like two hours now
might be kind of hard now I'm just
saying I don't need it now Robin won't
be bugging me with where food is in the
house and random questions so they are
gonna fix it's gonna be two hours and
everything is already backed up so I'm
not gonna lose anything okay so you guys
I think know why at the tinted windows
on the truck
bong do you know why no way so nobody
can see me sing and dance I would be
lying if I told you guys that I've taken
a shower since I got home I haven't I
just finally got my first shower I felt
like a dirt ball look at my face this is
the longest my facial hair has ever been
on a vlog I think I have a shave since
before I went on vacation this is over a
week oh this is the best that I can do I
don't think I'll ever grow a beard I'll
never be able to it's all patchy and why
do I share this hey hey hey how was your
day day you got your phone oh I'm
jealous mine look at mine I got a whole
a whole chunk missing thanks for
cleaning oh my gosh all the kids were
like it was disaster zone he was doing
it without his hands but he kept laying
it on his head so I make him use his
hands now do it so what's up dude Todd's
here working on the tank when you're on
do you always bring a drill that's kind
of skit so you guys know Todd he is the
guy Foley
one
percent in charge of this tank and I
will show you today I'm actually gonna
set this up for that can't you see it's
just bright blue looks like crap I will
set the camera up I'm gonna show you
some of the things that he's gonna do
today I think it's unbelievable okay so
it kind of sucks cuz it's daylight but I
can change every single every single
color of this fish tank this looks a lot
better on camera it just sucks cuz all
the glares like I can see outside my
windows we seen them dude I like Isis
bloggers look are these are bloggers so
it looks a little better on camera it's
still not really what it looks like but
it's pretty nice ice what are you doing
here I'm gonna get rid of all this coral
here man
so what's it you're gonna you're just
gonna break it yeah look look look
what's back there this coral is hiding
back here this is called fragging right
fragglerock
it's a its coral control I think I
should cut it all the way back there
basically that's what you're doing
because I saw basically as your tank
grows the coral grows you have to start
cutting it so that it's not killing
everything that touches kills itself
like it will kill the other corals as
soon as it touches it so oh my gosh dude
this took a year and a half to get like
that it was like it wasn't even much
bigger than that the cool thing about
coral is you can cut it anywhere and it
starts a new coral so it doesn't kill it
doesn't even hurt it just starts a new
policy well you I just at least want to
cut back here do you want to see this
coral now you don't care about him yeah
I do
so you want to see him or not yeah you
want to see him what are you okay if you
cut it up there and you cut it here what
are you gonna leave me oh my gosh you
can see it now yeah you can't okay I
promise you in like two weeks this will
all looks just like that what you gonna
do with it what I thought you said it
tasted good with mustard potato chip
take it where my opponent in one of
those buckets
all right so back here what should I do
what do you mean do it sound like
cracking your bones sounds like money
yeah this how much you gonna be alright
eighty bucks all this I sell this for
eight dollars no you do not this kind of
a hard part of the hobby you see in your
coral getting sniped but we can't clean
the glass anymore because it's touching
how crazy is it that every one of those
pieces turns into a whole new coral
that's money right there he takes all
these little snippets and then sells and
your game that's business yeah he brings
me over offline this stuff can't really
complain about it they end up killing
each other see all this white that's
death from this coral because they're
touching that coral is completely grown
to this one pull that up you see look at
that completely grown around it it's
like in its mouth dang nice looks good
this beautiful brain I just pulled out a
Britney's head game look at this brain
come here
you wanna see what the zombie brain
looks like this is a zombie brain did
how long did this coral be on the water
Todd half an hour really yeah well the
water right I can chase people down the
street with this for 20 more minutes I
mean it would dry out but you just set
it right there on the ground be alright
it'd be good for love look
now he's gonna leave what's up hey guys
I never seen mama before never seen her
sober is what he meant to say you never
seen her sober hey guys what's up
just stopped by for a visit oh you got
mama something on vacation in you what
is that is that mama
Oh where's your to Annette it's
beautiful that's a swimsuit so what up
with y'all taco night this looks so
freakin good I'm so glad you got
Tomatoes the Todd's all gone I got the
tank all settled we did some real
trimming it's like it's like going to
get a haircut you got a trim up that's
what we did to all the coils there I'll
show you once it settles down it's a
mess right now
are you moving all our old movies over
thanks for letting me wear your necklace
all day he made me put this on hey guys
I'm gonna go tell Britney that our
skydiving you guys know we have to go
skydiving because you guys destroyed the
latest prank and it got so many likes I
think it was 400,000 likes we have to go
skydiving so he did it as you guys know
so we have to go skydiving she is
terrified so I'm just gonna go tell her
that it's all booked like I got it
booked and just see what she says she
may know but she may not finally
okay okay come man that make you an
let's Adam Sandler movie I'm kidding
it's not booked but we do have to book
it you cannot let these guys down they
did a lot for us you have to jump out of
that plane you just close your eyes fall
back and let it all happen you have to
there is no other option
alright guys I really hate hate hate
hate to do this to you I like to eat eat
eat apples in but dude I got kids song
stuck in my head we have to finish our
night down here in the store do some
work smile more I'm a poet didn't know
it everything I say rhymes with time I
think I could be the best rapper ever
never
but uh as guys we yeah we got a lot of
work to do I am well I'm gonna say it's
gonna be a surprise to mom but I can't
say this tomorrow's vlog we're doing art
we're gonna knock these challenges out
we're doing our bathtub full of ice
water why are you so happy about all
these challenges I don't I just you know
my favorite thing is you got dragged
into all this anything she has to do all
this it's me that should be doing all
this stuff but it's gonna be funny that
you don't want to go skydiving nobody
wants to see a guy that wants to go I
just shaved the lizard into my head what
you have to die I should dye my hair
darker I already talked to John I have
to wait like little longer let it grow
out a little more to get the legs on
there and the tail I already could do it
really soon that's gonna happen um what
else
Isis tomorrow's vlog skydiving lizard
cop car that's it yeah and I think I
think I know what I'm gonna do but I'm
gonna wait to find out I'm not gonna
tell you we love you guys we got to work
we oh god we got to work guys we love
you I hate to do this to you but I got
it in this blog we will see you tomorrow
fun stuff fun stuff fun stuff I know
this vlogs like wow
whatever whatever first day back let's
just say you're writing on somebody's
order we love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow
don't forget smile more you're beautiful
let's say I can't nd I don't want to say
goodbye you hang up no you hang up
no you hang up you stop the video I'm
not gonna stop the video and everybody
have a good time
little swimmers little fish canes I
think he got the best of him
