what's up guys how are you it's a
beautiful day in the Dominican Republic
I'm trying to catch up with the family
they're all down here having a blast I
am the internet is so painful guys I
spend all night editing these vlogs and
then to get the like the annotations at
the end that you can click on for the
next video takes forever look at this
like I click on annotations and I
already did it so probably load up
faster but it'll just sit here in spin
forever and ever there is absolutely no
room for complaining guys we are in
paradise with the entire family we're
having a great time I couldn't ask for
anything more I wake up this morning and
I see something that I've never seen
ever ever not with anybody not with
myself
look at this top 100 most subscribers
gained in the last 24 hours
guys I'm going freaking crazy look at
this number one and number two most
subscribed in 24 hours I've never seen
this two channels you literally know how
to make me speechless you really do I
don't even know what to say thank you
I'm gonna go find my family and enjoy
this day we are going on some cool trip
Eldar waving to me there they are
they're waving hey guys I'm coming
please use this as some inspiration guys
if you're trying to start a YouTube
channel just know that there was a day
that I woke up and celebrated because in
24 hours I had 50 views on a video 50
and I was so happy I was calling my
buddies guys good job we got 50 views
and that lasted a long time so please if
you're if you're trying to do anything
not just YouTube but just know that you
have to start somewhere and and you can
get to the impossible places
Hey
Shady Acres yeah your little here little
your little suntan hey what are you
doing hey guys my kid I don't know are
you guys doing cane
anybody oh this is awesome the super wet
affairs by going to ruin my camera
put your Indiana Jones whoa go for it
see ya
well as you guys can probably guess the
kids are content there is no way they're
not happy
chocolate she's covered in chocolate
it's like a big Hershey kiss hey have
you seen my crack my mom and dad really
hey probably Raven down at the club I'm
bound by boom so both channels number
one and number two must subscribe for
almost two days now it's impossible I
don't believe it I think I think the
internet like trichinosis I think you
broke the internet roaming you broke the
internet I blew it up turns out blowing
up babies makes you popular on YouTube I
don't know you guys ready yeah ready my
brother my dad and I booked a scuba trip
like we tried to do on every trip and
it's a little iffy we don't know what to
expect
they are patty certified so you should
survive this here must be the boats
on the diving carrot it is not waiting
like this because the GERD she look for
in this and we couldn't get any
information about this how are you ready
to rock these are some of the things we
may see a doubt that will see this
we paid an extra five to see this it was
on your table last night what are you
talking about they said five bucks that
guarantee I've still never seen an
octopus while diving never this is kind
of like skydiving in a way our man here
Carmelo is packing our chutes basically
how many how many how many divers died a
year with how many skeletons why I see
out here hey you clean them up clean
them up for the next move are you are
you diving with us Kamala you coming out
with us with us get excited get excited
love that we all loved Island it's it's
a different world under that ocean it's
about the only place on earth
nobody can contact you you are
completely away from the world okay
switching over to the GoPro now might be
a little windy but my normal camera is
gonna get ruined immediately
now here we go let's do this
thank you very fun very fun keep keep
that smile on your face that was great
it's a lot of fun I didn't realize how
big the ship was down there that ship
sank 35 years ago you know what the name
was I didn't get the name of the ship oh
yeah I've seen you guys ask this
question before when we dive what
happens if you fill your mask with water
when you're underwater what happens if
it gets kicked off or it fills up I did
a little instructional video for hit
watch really all you have to do is pick
up the bottom and and blow air out of
your nose your mouth and and the air
will go inside the mask water has to
leave so I got back from diving and I
came up here everybody was asleep so I
climbed into Kane's bed he was up in my
bed I passed out probably good half-hour
yeah we got reservations at steak house
tonight so we're gonna go hang out until
that happens and we're losing sunlight
now it's time to wake up
the second half of the day
say your cup holder hey buddy what's up
man smile more yes it's my ID how do you
say it tomorrow how do you say in
Spanish hey sir VMs was it so VMs San
Remo VMs that's awesome I have never
ever been a coffee drinker but over the
last two weeks I've been drinking coffee
it becomes something that I want now and
crave but it's like not even coffee I
put so much milk and sugar in it it's
just like oh no what do you follow that
anyways dude it just doesn't get much
better than this I don't know what to
tell you after this like this is this is
some of the best stuff right here well
guys this is paradise right here it's it
is so hard to beat this especially
having the family here I mean it's
everything guys stick tight with your
family why do you probably fight with
your family they're all you're gonna
have man rebuild it we grow it make it
perfect this is my ultimate team this is
my goals right here I always get flack
for telling you guys to feel good and
smile and be positive when I'm when I'm
in places like this but you know what I
think that's kind of messed up because I
say that no matter where on that even
when I'm down even on my worst days I
still tell you guys that so I feel like
I should be able to do it here what
you're making homie G hey go go go go
I think you got it I think you got it
you got to move quick
and I was trying to beat the waves you
almost had it pretty nice I think you
got it you can fix it you can fix it
well let that one slide this ticket
looks photoshopped this guy doesn't even
look real
do that no one wants to show you this
ready when you open real fast you raise
the roof do it again hard we run down to
get these I got my purse that moth has
been there since this morning
look at this thing that's an alien
spaceship it's a spaceship buzz see ya
yo it looks just like old crazy leaf
come on you so slow tell him that's it
throw your flops on oh this is legit
in the front oh my gosh did it crack
tonight we're eating a Japanese
Steakhouse this is where they cooking
funny it should be pretty cool the out
woods are all the way down here
here we go
come on pops
Oh
they turned all the lights off
every day
happy 25th May 8 8 8
after dinner we decided to come check
out their casino and we have the whole
place to ourselves nobody here another
good reason to vacation on offseasons
wait seesaw you and you left with five
and I'm left with a hundred and
thirty-two so you doubled your money
basically
I spent 40 and I left with two hundred
and three dollars so I that's the first
time I ever won ever gambling everything
so I left I cashed in that's good we
went up
I've waited I let they'll go where
security was here instantly all right
guys we are ending our night thanks for
hanging out with us today look how
creepy this looks so I come out here
every night to edit but it looks like
there's a dude inside look he's looking
at his own YouTube channel the door I
freaking love you guys all day today I'm
thinking how are we gonna break it to
Brittney that we have to go skydiving
like I know she probably knows but it's
like I don't think I've told like come
up to him not yo we're going skydiving
ain't got her reaction like that so
maybe in today's comments guys tell me
how I should break it to Brittney
we have almost no internet here it's
terrible you have no idea how bad it is
that being said I'm gonna edit this vlog
call it a night and we will see you
tomorrow thanks follow up guys so my
family and I we love you smile more
you're freaking beautiful he's peeing on
you come monkey be
look at the dumb enough to think of my
face you got one boy
