what's up guys hope you're having an
awesome day you guys keep it down in
there what are you doing in my office
hey what are they doing what are you
doing say hi say hi to everybody
so we miss alone
look at this
one of these two
you better hurry up this girl takes so
long I've never seen anything like it
nope I said you look like the Wicked
Witch of the West you like it no it's
not bad it's just Rhonda doesn't like it
she's shaking her head what happened to
it you leave it at the club you leave it
at the club oh hey you got pants on I
don't believe you let me see your feet
huh you do you put them on bottom up we
gotta go before we go I'll try too
strong then I bit have you guys ever bit
your lip like legit like you're eating
and you just chomp down on your lip like
I feel like an animal like that's what
an animal would do look hold the cam
have you seen this when you gots a lot
of focus oh my god I mean you need to
put some on that uh what do you put on
it I can't do anything I can't put a
toothbrush in my mouth I can't like
drink anything even water is like
irritating I don't know what's wrong
yeah I'm going to try to raw vlog all
day for you guys because I know how
upset you were about yesterday just
getting a 360 video you guys really
really let me know that you don't want
me to do that anymore which is good
that's what we're here for to talk to
you that's it
no I love when you guys it's good
criticism I love it so hate all you want
I learned from that right we learned
from that they don't want to see you
guys in the shower anymore in 360
hey do you want to fly Superman come on
red yeah did you just started vlogging
this I don't see anything
your squeal is the absolute rest in
peace headphone users squeal that's what
that is you remind me of somebody right
now like like uh like a character the
girl in love story have no idea what
she's talking about but maybe who do you
guys it looks good you gonna wear that
hat in public all right we gotta go hey
can I get some socks on
this is what my house is actually like
when I don't kill the camera and we just
felt like this is the sort of slight Oh
closed huh before we run out I want to
show you Kane's first day of preschool
today way to go he rocked it out this is
his little classroom he did what two
hours is that oh she just did well I
don't think you're gonna pass art class
but he did really good he didn't really
hear that I'm really proud of him
Oh Ohio why won't you reign for me you
ready to fight the rain you got it yeah
you better run we could probably build
this house faster than we can get out of
it right now
oh hey did you ever think you'd be
excited to see the RAM
I'm still not excited are you excited
we're open suppose like no my be ready
for me
here's what we're gonna try to do today
for you guys um I know that you didn't
really dig yesterday's video no big deal
we're gonna move on every like here's
the greatest thing about YouTube you got
bloody are you riding in the back of the
truck the cool thing about this channel
is that every day is a new day so it's
like it passes so quickly so here we are
on another day it's absolutely gorgeous
outside and we're just gonna raw
vlogging all day I'm just gonna film as
much as possible and really get a real
vlog today none of this three
tsitsikamma
doing the
just kidding I am I love them I think
they're really cool obviously like that
that was we didn't watch a movie so I
get it you guys want blogs that's really
why you're here so we will stick to that
format I also learned that I really
learn how boil you guys are based on the
quality of the video if the video is bad
you guys just go crazy like I'm like oh
my god who are these who are these
people for comment sections not off
people but it's all good new day let's
kick it off let's smile let's be
positive and start fresh with us yeah
about what
ladies and gentlemen Kane oh my god I
almost forgot my phone
whoo what would I do
you guys never panic like you can't find
your phone and it's actually in your
product pocket you're like I know it
happens
how have they made us so attached to
these devices these phones I'm so
attached to it no matter how much I want
to admit that I'm not I am I'm addicted
I have to have it with me at all times
going on
oh you're walking with your superhero
kind of like your Power Wheels I have to
charge the battery yeah you have to
charge the battery
he's so confused all right put it back
on you had today at least it's stormy
out so it makes sense
I think they'll fit you you ready there
you go Bubble Boy you rock man you like
them you're look in the mirror come here
he's still like him feel like a scuba
diver I don't know
mommy's hat and girls glasses do you
like it
are you ready did this put your hand
down
ready
so here we are at the Easton mall
haven't been here for a long time
got my Superman with me Britt is we left
her in some store somewhere we had to
pee
I'm pretty sure filming in a bathroom is
frowned upon
however nobody was in then it's gonna
take a while to you back
hope he's stepped on a crack broke
Mama's back one thing super nice about
coming to the mall on a Tuesday is that
there's not that many people here I mean
compared to a weekend we can get away
with playing and goofing off a little
more come on now your hands are all
dirty again come on you're swimmin you
know you don't want to go swim in oh man
it looks so nice I'm getting in you
can't get mommy go get her this is way
easier yeah watch where you're going
keep it up boy five more hours I feel
like we've bought in a million of these
things or do we meld them all no those
are markers so with canes starting
preschool we need all these weird little
things like crowns which we should have
had folders for school stuff dude you're
gonna get it you're gonna get it
you do that I went to grab this and you
had a knife in there us I went to grab
this and you had some in there so I
pulled in it just
oh so you're blaming whatever was in the
door handle Oh get in your seat boy
there's a little grocery lesson for you
if you go into a grocery store hungry
just turn around and go eat because
you'll spend double the money some
grocery stores have gotten really smart
and they just put the food in the
grocery store so it's a win-win for them
you eat and you buy food it's for you
it's like you're about to feed up a
bunny
are you a bunny now Cain that's salt
it's bath salt do you know what it does
never turns you into a zombie
you're gonna be a zombie or this one
turns you into a clown horse this one
makes you turn into a giraffe oh you can
be so tall it's turnin Oh butterfly fly
away we're just kidding
you put him in the back it makes you
feel and smell good pretty good bath
salts you guys remember where there like
people were turning into zombies eat
that Salt's was that what they were
doing I don't know I don't know the
story about oh my god guys how good does
that look
look just coconut play that put it in
smoothies
to me this is like the auto blend you
just grab one throw it on blender and
make a smoothie it's perfect but it
comes with a price tag
almost 13 bucks for that okay all right
I like where you're going with this
it's nice yeah no they go bad so fast
you got to eat fruit so food
cane you're actually starting to grow
out of things who's making that noise
who's making that noise
who's doing it
looks like mine we are out of here
you know your stores making a lot of
money when your entire parking lot is
made out of blocks no it actually
stopped raining in it's just sprinkling
in looks really nasty
buckle up boy Oh get in there honestly
though what's it cost to have the only
parking lot built out of Legos I think
it'd be easier to just make your parking
lot of $10 bills I think that would look
nice sheet awful easy it's just that
easy to just take your nails off what do
you want
oh no we're almost home like three more
hours we just got done getting all the
crap we need family stop man fruits
veggies throw on a blender smooth it up
thanks for driving in all this rains
here so what it has rained all day guys
literally all day a big toad maybe wants
to come in with us and hang out see a
little guy okay we're back home guys I
gotta wear your grass slippers yeah okay
what are those well I don't know what
are those while you do this I'm gonna do
something really probably embarrassing
and I probably shouldn't even put in the
vlog I'm gonna see I'm gonna see how
many pushups I can do I'm still a little
sore from two days ago when I did my
push-ups and I could only do 30 that was
my max 30 push that's not a lot
what you should have to do on my little
ball thing no I don't even harder it
should do regular ones so here we go
guys I want to try this don't laugh at
me too hard I'm so out of shape and I
want to I want to use this as
inspiration because hopefully in the
future I can do way more than this so
let's try you saying hi
come here come do push-ups with me Ready
Set but he's gonna laugh at me buddy
ah Swamy there's only 20 eyes only
I can't even talk I'm trying to talk to
you dude it felt like I don't even know
about right now what happened what
happened guys something's wrong so it
was 30 kind of embarrassing to put on
the vlog because I know 90% of you can
probably out do me but that's ok that's
not my strong point so when I'm good at
how many can you do 10 I know I'm still
a little serving I'm not gonna use that
as an excuse I only did 30 when I wasn't
sorry
dude that's nearly your entire body
weight are you doing it is that - you
already stopped yeah it's okay
Wow okay so who can beat me I'm telling
you actually that was all I had I
couldn't do 31 did you see my thirty
number 31 I couldn't I just stopped
halfway in fella yeah that's okay I'm
gonna get better I want to do 50 I wanna
be able to do 50 with no stopping yeah
fifty what is that shipping crap for our
smile more store I uh
last month I told you guys that audible
was it was gonna be their last month for
that deal apparently you guys freaking
love the site as do I they're back again
in fact they're talking about just
sponsoring this channel so every month
they want to give you guys different
deals that's in the works I don't know
if it's gonna happen but this is a
company I can get behind because I
freaking hate reading I hate what is
that
why are you acting like that I just hate
reading it's one of the worst things on
the planet to me I know a lot of people
love it like it soothes them it's
comforting it makes me go to sleep it's
great but it's 2015 and I just can't do
it I suck at it I don't comprehend it I
read and I forget what I just read you
know we're both not very good at reading
so I probably hate it because I'm not
good that's the truth but it's the
future this is it back when I went was
that this is it back when I was in
school you can listen to the stuff your
favorite book they got it
go listen to it you can drive you can
hike you can walk you can crawl you can
swim Oh in school are you allowed to
listen to books yeah instead of reading
them dad I don't know I don't know but
you can learn so much better if I was
able to listen to it and like follow
along it's like having your mom beside
your reading your book to you that's
what it's like that's what it's like
anyway guys as always they're hooking
you up I thought last month was the last
one but they're back and maybe here to
hook you guys up for a long time so go
crush yeah I don't see why you don't
want this it's free 30 days free a free
book just for using audible.com for
slash drumming that's it you know my
name put it in there check it out it's
free check it out you guys know the
drill you know what's up link will be in
the description use audible.com for
sauce Roman to get that deal I just told
you about it was like that no it was
open oh it was I have no idea I thought
you went to bed little boys he's so
thirsty mom
okay so thirsty me see it's wet I think
you're okay
okay listen good news you can go like
seven days without water
so I know you're okay
yeah there mama mama set me up those
don't fit those wouldn't fit me those
are those don't fit you know I think
Mama's been throwing some house parties
while we're gone she's your favorite
show Georgio's I guess it's it is wine
down time guys it was my bed you guys
sorry guys I was gonna tell him to say
night but I was gonna tell him to say
good night but he's already asleep
it never gains rockin the wall but say
good night baby he's gonna be one of
those singers that uses
yeah screamo voice yeah all right guys
we love you so much thanks for putting
up with what he said okay we got our
hands full as you can see we love you
guys thank you so much for everything we
will see you tomorrow
thanks again we love you what are you
doing Katie oh yeah actually it's just
really polite other newer we love you
guys we'll see you tomorrow you're
beautiful you're amazing don't forget it
don't let anybody tell you you're not
awesome you're the greatest
oh boy what's this love you see you
tomorrow in the shower and girl in the
shower miss you pretty interesting we
have to use cold water otherwise the hot
water will fog up the camera
