everyone smile more
what's up my beautiful friends I am
where you're coming with me I gotta get
run over and then we gotta go it's crazy
I hope you guys are feeling 10 out of 10
11 out of 10 today it feeling so good
and perfect look up hopefully the sun is
shining down on you I woke up this
morning and Britney came in the room I
was still asleep she's like hey Tam just
one ticket my friend just won tickets to
take Caine up and build a stuffed animal
and meat flow ride or something like it
was all blurry and I had a minister I
gave her a flood camera I was like we'll
go so we're gonna go check out on her
because I have no idea what she said I
just handed her the camera so let's see
what she's doing hey guys so we just
came to Tuttle mall hey I'm won a
contest today and called us and said hey
do you guys want to go to build-a-bear
to meet FlowRider yeah why not
so we're here so we're taking you guys
with us okay do you get the build-a-bear
yeah are you excited so you did this not
long ago you need um hope bear needs a
friend huh yeah are you gonna build him
a friend today sorry guys were in the
bathroom haha we really excited we're
just waiting on everyone to get here
just talk to the lady at build-a-bear
and she said we're one of four winners
so it should be pretty small so kind of
nervous I don't know why I'm nervous are
you nervous are you nervous now are we
just belly yeah
oh it's like magic you have a little pet
you like him he's being very patient
waiting to be able to build a spare
there's the superhero bears state bar
are they here for you
those cops aren't here for you are you
sure
were you being bad
so quarrel had a great idea in squirrels
to put in the Canes there all right
picked I left some room in his tummy so
we can fit put all your pheromones in
iron all right at least their sake
there's one more nice job
yeah
did you like meeting those guys yeah I'm
not doing anything really exciting I
gotta get some work done some things
that need done before we're starting a
very big week this week today's the last
day we have to get things ready very big
very fun very visual week for you guys
some cool stuff coming up and I'm
excited to have fun stuff to do you know
it's that it definitely makes vlogging
really fun when you have cool things to
show your audience you guys so I'm
really excited about that
so yeah I'm getting a bunch of merch
were backordered on right now and trying
to get the store in order and you know
just doing my duties who would ever
thought that selling a couple t-shirts
would turn into needing a frickin
trailer on my truck to get them wow we
are not gonna be out of t-shirts for a
while guys crazy the whole I felt the
whole bed and the backseat still they
can get it all those remind you guys
warping home real fast to change and get
a different outlook at all this
everything is black in my whole wardrobe
changing real fast hang on I know I'm
boss and stuff anyways getting ready my
boys started school I'm gonna go meet
his teachers probably I'm vlog that but
I'm gonna meet up with Brittany and Kane
as well and sorry I'm not guys like a
chicken with my head cut off sometimes
swear I'm just like pacing and racing
and home this camp sun's out roads are
dry company late perfect time to get her
out
so what is your favorite car of all time
I will honestly say I never seen myself
with a GTR obviously but now that I have
one I can't ever see myself with
anything else that's a monastry that's
been one of the funnest cars I've ever
driven you guys know we've we've done
the Ferraris the Lambo is everything for
our videos and nothing has compared to
the feel of this car
that being said what is your favorite
car may be visually maybe
I will say it's not my favorite look the
GTR is not my favorite looking car but
it is definitely one of my favorites to
drive so far it's been unbelievable and
I never thought I was
loves to be driving it well look who it
is
that's good timing Meg you don't know
let me see oh no way
I won't look I won't look you can fix it
Captain America riding a bike too cool
man
did you have fun today do you guys have
fun yeah that's so awesome
woah okay we just worked home we kind of
skipped the school stuff I'm gonna go
unload the truck I'm so far behind it
I'm going all on the truck my brother is
coming over I think and I want to do
this Instagram photo I've been trying to
do for like two weeks I feel like I'm so
hyper active today cuz I'm so like I
want to do so many things but I can't do
them what is that I don't trust it come
on come on come with me little man
you don't want to drive all right
yelping me working that family biz it's
gonna be so nice not getting emails and
texts where's the merch where's the
shirts guys give us a couple days
everything's gonna be restocked
everything I'm so excited okay I must
start settling down take some breaths if
you like my heart's a nice wood nothing
but water for me my friends oh my god
I'm making a mess
I know it's spray everywhere hey best
friend I'm here love you oh how did I
know you were gonna try to strangle me
thanks and you're on it all right guys
I'm gonna finally do this picture so I
can shut up about it I've probably been
talking about it
for I don't know a couple of weeks not
it's not even that good I just really
want to do it when I get something in my
head like you guys will know when I get
something in my head I have to do it I
can't stop talking on it so even if it
takes me two weeks I actually really
wanted to do this before it got dark out
but now I got to use these light Oh pity
worst I guess it is unbelievable outside
guys I hope you got something out of
this day man look at this look at that
sky all right I got my lights I got
everything all I need is this vlog
camera this little tripod in my car in
this ak-47 it's fake it's not real it's
actually a really good airsoft gun and
that's what that is it's not a real gun
I've already taken a couple pics I was
using the V for Vendetta
the mass from the movie but you can't
really tell you can't really tell I was
using it so I don't even know if you'll
be able to see I took three pictures go
look at the picture it's pretty freaking
epic that I got it just by myself now
here in my driveway with this camera
that's it that's all I got in a couple
lights and a sweet tripod all right guys
I got to hit you with something real
fast and I think it's actually the last
vlog that this deal is gonna be
available I tell you about this website
over and over and I think this will be
the last time you get this deal so if
you're interested check it out
audible.com digital books I'm telling
you like I've told you my story I hate
reading I don't read I used to make up
all my book reports even back in
elementary school I hated it so this
website has created all your favorite
books digitally you can listen to them
you can be riding a bike you can be in
the shower you can be doing whatever you
do you can be driving your car and
listening to your favorite book it's
awesome it's something I actually
believe in it's fantastic 2015 it's
about time somebody made a digital book
yeah guys if you hate reading like I do
listen to your book it's
it's so much better I think today's this
vlog actually is the last deal that
we're getting for you guys so hit it up
you get a free book in a month's free
just for using my code audible.com or
slash Roman you know my name it's in the
description check it out I think you
guys will actually like it don't don't
be skeptical it's it's the real deal
that all being said I'm crushing these
photos I want to smash it you guys on
let's see oh yeah
alright here's here's one that I took
actually like a lot no I shouldn't show
you this you get a good no I'll show you
guys this is with my vlog camera look
how sick that is you can see the stars
what I just set the camera on a timer
ten-second timer hit it run over grab
the gun and pose I did it only three
times so that's what I got right there I
got other ones but the real one will be
on my Instagram it's pretty nuts
actually I might use this one and last
but not least for those of you have
stuck around through this whole vlog I'm
delirious right now it's really late we
have a super awesome special guest
another specialist finally we're getting
back into our routine special guests
coming here Wednesday gonna be awesome
I'm very excited for this one and then
our Thursday we're doing like a RV trip
to a big show I can't wait to take you
it's gonna be nuts and that's it for
today so comment today who's coming
who's coming to my house place it's
friggin trashed we love you guys so much
man I hope you're smiling you better be
I know we're all struggling we all got a
lot of problems trust me I'm buried
knee-deep in them waist deep in them but
I'm smiling keep it going guys you can
do it I promise you and me team I love
you smile more what you think it is
