come on let's go get on that boat let's
get on the boat let's get on what's up
guys I am back and it feels good it's
beautiful it's sunny and I'm tired of
all these mopey I'm sick vlogs it's kind
of fun and do what we do
mommy was just gonna leave she forgot we
were gonna leave like that she's crazy
shut it shut it all right let's go this
side I love you so much rap on
feels so good to be back on my feet guys
you have no idea how sick I was and if
any of you were sick I was right there
with you and I hope you're back on your
feet a couple of things today we're
gonna go I didn't want to shoot this
picture I've been like deathly sick in
bed we're gonna try to shoot it today
also we're gonna go over to my brothers
and see what is in the ground what is in
that box it's driving us all nuts
maybe the box is full of candy is what
Cain says first stop of the day big
computer store I got to pick up Dale
some stuff and we need I'll just show
you it's ridiculous I have honestly
probably bought 20 of these chargers all
types of chargers
he has four controllers iPhones and
everyday we can't find our charters I
don't know what's happening talk it's a
mystery not this time
I think mom's hold on I'm off steam I
think mom wants to pick it up haven't
been here for a long time okay that
looks pretty crazy you want to put a hat
on you want me to be a banana
I want the lunch lady oh so we want to
do this Instagram pic for like weeks and
I finally got up to this costume shop
they actually have the masks I don't
know if I want to copy I didn't come up
with this idea somebody sent it to me
blank these blank ones are like look at
this no I don't like it the blank whites
are creepy that's pretty ridiculous you
know moon kings dying for me to be what
oh you want me to do that Oh mommy be
Captain America women all right I
finally got everything we need to do
this photo and have some fun
you're gonna behold you gonna beat me up
we are
just warping home waiting for Dale to
get home so we can go dig up this
friggin boss Kane wants to go full Hulk
ready hop in how you gonna do it that
way
just cuz your Hulk I mean you can beat
me up all day yep dude if it's perfect
let me Steve flex well that's okay
well button it in the back this would
happen I knew this would happen
hey it's a strong it's way too strong no
excuses now we got cables the next
person that takes cables is grounded for
life forever
I honestly think we've bought in over 20
of these and we can only find one or two
come on show me what you got is a whole
talk okay I'll meet you out there
daddy's gonna start the grill so while
we wait on my brother to get home we are
grilling up some steaks good thing I'm
babysitting these things about burn them
to death third time in a row this grill
man something happened I don't know what
it is I don't know what's going on
okay burn in it guys I think it would be
pretty messed up for me to not stop and
take a second to thank you once again
for sticking around through you know the
crap the things that I got to go through
the sickness or whatever it is the
boring the you know mistakes by burning
right now wait this will be the first
meal that I've had in like 48 hours
unless you count some saltine crackers
that I had yesterday so I'm gonna try to
eat a little bit I just gotta thank you
guys for being here man there's so many
awesome youtubers and when I miss a day
or I'm sick I just I'm like well they're
gone there's there's other people to
watch so thank you I come to the channel
and you're still here thank you
we may need a grill update a grill a
grill up
it's not even old I don't know what's
wrong with you guys 19 motorless
a weber it's nice I know right no I just
actually just blame all my bad grilling
on the grill so excited to see within
this freaking ground what's in the
ground you guys know we found some I
mean there's something all right guys we
just got the deals apparently the
bulldozers gonna be here to dig this
sucker up let's v's what are you wearing
what is this I don't know when did you
start wearing this stuff it's been three
days since we found that box did you
find anything in it I mean I've always
worn this stuff no it was nothing at
home you don't get up no I I didn't
finish I've been busy with other stuff
so he's gonna soon tell me you didn't
find another than that whoa oh you know
I mean it appears to me like like I mean
last time I saw you you you didn't have
any of this stuff on it was this real
gold it's heavy now I'm real gold
totally BS and we just want to play a
little joke on you guys for real we
haven't dug it up yet Dave's been
working on it though it goes deep dude
it's been a busy week I haven't had time
to get back here and to be honest we was
supposed to have a what's that thing
called to come out a backhoe come it's
supposed to be here but it's not coming
tonight I guess expensive stuff in
grades right yeah you mean if it is a
grave it could be fully goodies no
that's not a grave I can I'd be able to
smell it
oh pretty you guys didn't watch the
vlogs male discovered this crazy thing
in his yard we've been digging and he's
we've hit like a box we can't get the
box out it's really in there yeah you
think it is look what do you found look
hey look what he found
he found gold raisi yeah yeah Norah got
this yeah the costume shop today you
guys sick of hanging out with a
prankster all day yet you not you you're
not allowed to be sick of me talking
these guys I'm always tricking everybody
now I couldn't help it we actually
Army's trying to get bulldozer out here
it was supposed to be here tonight so we
could film it it's not coming tonight so
hopefully tomorrow hopefully we find out
what's in that hole
I was just kidding with everybody they
can take a joke they're used to me now
we knew you guys were super excited
about this today and so are we
we thought we could get it out today but
it's huge like there's no way to to pull
this thing out and this is gonna break
it's so fragile so I need bigger tools
we thought we'd have fun at the costume
shop for you guys obviously as soon as
we pull up there now
sit Keynes first time Joe hold on tight
yeah man
you did perfect Jane did you know that
the Sun is made out of fire yeah you do
it's off with birdie
all right guys warping into the night a
little bit I'm doing a really bad good
thing check this out
English muffins with peanut butter all
melted in oh no you've done that before
really you never heard of this which is
usually what I eat kid you guys wonder
I'm sick all the time all right guys
we're getting a movie in tonight which
is super rare very rarely happens we're
watching this is what my eyes are so bad
I have to squint to be up there this is
40 you've seen it you don't want to
watch movie we have a theme right guys
that's gonna do it Bernie wants to know
hit us up on Twitter whatever you want
to do you can leave it in the comments
do Britney really wants to a crack this
week so I got Pete I'm like a dog with
peanut butters man she really wants to
do a cool craft on the blog this week I
think it's pretty cool yeah we've done
some in the past I think you guys like
yummy a great vlog week and what else
craft well yeah we love you guys there's
so much thanks for everything
we'll see you tomorrow smile more you go
here's your pink Minnie Mouse Cup
