we're right there oh my god as soon as I
hit record there it is guys
we argue in smashed in this smile more
store Brett we're like it's crowded poor
Bubba's he's just getting smashed in man
Bryan really nailed it today on this
tree you should not Brian Brian does
good desktop I mean it's like the
Charlie what is that Charlie Brown is a
waste of $40 I think it just needs
it's just needs love it just needs
fluffed out it needs it can be better
than that like it can be you know what I
mean like you gotta love that I know
well first of all welcome to the vlog
guys I know where a hair early on the
whole Christmas thing but last week we
told you Christmas balls were coming in
and we kind of missed that we didn't
have true Christmas bulbs its smile more
ever we had that like the ornaments that
you hang which we still have well this
is over your accountant do you really
gonna count all these there's so many of
them I can't it's above your
accountability yeah okay guys check it
we have smile more Christmas bulbs
they're actually awesome I love these
they all come in a box
how we gonna pack them without what was
our number one Packer man he knows
what's going on oh they're gonna be
blocks we can't put him in the I mean
that makes sense you put it in here you
might get a crushed and might come in
like a thousand okay good thing is they
are plastic they are not glass they're
they're lightweight they're really cool
actually
you get a focus on them the yellow gold
tops and gold print summer smile more
gold what dang how about this I'll sign
the first hundred if you sign the second
hundred that's you think it'd be like
the collectors I got Romans I got
Britney's or I got both but if they got
both
so that's the newest thing it is a hair
early but for some of you that live
literally on the other side of the world
it might take a full month to get to you
so if you want one get one and hopefully
you will have it for your tree Oh
wherever you want to put it oh I thought
it was Brian walking and I was about to
slam that boy for this it's our smile
more Christmas tree I feel like this is
appropriate for this tree just one bulb
it's a smile more that's that's our
Christmas tree it does light up though
it is a light up tree okay I know we
gotta go I will sign 100 of the first
bulbs and Brittany will sign 100 so 100
will be signed by me and 100 will be
signed by Brett deal that's fair we
can't we can sit up we can sit out here
tonight and sign together be a little
signing party 100-200 bulbs right but
one that's signed by both of us oh
there's gonna be one line there'll be
more than one will do I'll have fun with
it we'll have fun with it okay I know we
got to go but I kind of want to go yell
at Ryan for this Christmas tree real
fast like I feel like it's important we
gotta go pick up Veronica's kid all
right he's good the first flurries the
first snow it's happening right now
oh my gosh there's actually there's no
way you're gonna be maybe I'm seeing
things maybe I'm lying
maybe I'm telling the truth there's
flurries it's happening we're supposed
to get snow tomorrow okay you ready
we gotta go yeah I am I am
you yellow I don't steal what are you
doing in you oh my gosh why don't you
open the door see don't intoxicate
yourself oh you don't even realize what
you're doing in here it's hot this is
nice
hey man it's all about that imma stop
talking about it
No
oh my yeah you going hard are you sure
it's not the fuse that got you beat
I would be puking today it's hot dude
honey why'd we come up here don't forget
hey why'd you go so cheap listen bitch
it's one of 30 or 40 and 60 oz like I
will do the 40 well you're gonna have a
heck of a time bluffing that bad boy we
got to go we got to go Brit I didn't
make the roof
oh no one spot oh jeez was like I did it
nice and clean
why should we want to take this I mean
it is about the snow gonna put the
chains on the tire I mean we got
Clifford
right there yeah girl
so for Carson's 10th birthday a few days
ago Britt Gatewood him 100 bucks it's
like a nice that's a nice chunk of
change just prone to take his hunter box
and take him shopping so we're on our
way to get in from school and then take
him to spend his hundred bucks
so he's got all this money and Brittany
promised him and I said I'll go so
that's where we're going right now we're
taking Carson for a little shopping
spree and yeah
I can't pulled over
you need to get them now she Ohio
traffic not different than normal
traffic
come I get you a mod I see you guys
alright Carson its your b-day boy you
got lots of money in the bank I know but
this is part of your gift
hey what's up guys how are ya fist bump
listen all I'm saying is smile more
stores got good stuff you can spend that
money on yo see the real question is
what do you do with just money burning a
hole in your pot you know it's never bad
ideas start investing carson you can buy
some medals you put your money in land
you know you don't you know you don't
have to buy items you know you can store
that money make more money with that
money what do you say when we put all
the spy and stuff aside and get serious
here's an investment person right there
happy gilmore Billy Madison can't go
wrong honestly Brian could have got this
and I've been happier
look at this okay this makes me feel a
little better that tree don't look that
great right now I think it's the style
it's a nice tree right but it's it's
pretty bear and it's 300 300 it's a nice
we got a nice tree today it's forty
dollar tree just needs fluffed out it's
gonna be great I mean this tree is a lot
nicer I like that
right there 280 Carson that one's 20
that makes me feel a little better
you're absolutely right why don't you
think that's real good I need you
serious this is a Jew trees are no joke
500 big ones boy me I put things under
it no come here
follow the rules oh there's a trap okay
oh my god only a kiss can make you feel
better
gross gross really I don't know how that
got there by the way yes so we're
impressed man you should keep it
the only burn 83 bucks I'm impressed
I thought you were gonna just burn it
all right there you did good man you
want to keep this that's how you know
how much money you spent oh we're going
to game Stan did good man he bought the
your boys a good spender he's a good
spender I talked to him about
investments to talk to him about you
know put his money you know somewhere
that's gonna make him more money
Darryl no no I wouldn't give him that
kind of advice she wants that or a pig
actually it's been a long time talking
about this dog but yeah this is this is
dog Levesque instantly and she's so full
of love the Zeus our old Shepherd if you
weren't at the house every day you had
to like you were scared to come to
battle yeah but you knew dog like oh
come here give me hug give me oh my gosh
look at my pants
yeah but she's also so sporadic gives me
anxiety
she just once give me a hug give her a
hug you don't want you bred she wants
alright well didn't get pulled over but
you got a thumbnail with the dogs so we
are back home now and it is time to put
in it's gonna take a while even at a
hundred of these I think it's because
they're all individually boxed and I
gonna sign them without opening them so
I gotta write in this hole one of these
holes but I'm getting to a brisk
to be behind she's got to catch up to me
and what's really kind of surreal about
this show right on the side I don't know
I feel like I'll just put it right on
the front let's just see
I don't know you can see it my eyes guys
is so freakin blurry I can barely see my
screen so hopefully you can see that but
I got a hundred of these to do but
what's really cool is I got the best
entertainment in the world beside me if
I get so I'm signing the ornaments and
watching one of the craziest things I've
ever seen in my life right beside me
check this out we are creeping very
slowly to 15 million subscribers oh my
god
it's just one of you at a time literally
like one two of you at a time just
subscribing to this channel it feels
crazy Wow
19 away 19 away from me 15 million
subscribers which it's crazy my phone's
black I wonder if I actually hit it
right there oh my god record there it is
guys oh my god that's a big number to me
oh no go away come back oh yeah guys
thank you so freakin much man this is
like my dream was it to be a big
youtuber my dream that was impossible at
the time was to make videos for a living
like that's all I wanted to do I wanted
to provide for my family and myself for
a living since I was in school I wanted
to make videos and there was no way to
make money with videos just I didn't
know how to do it nobody knew how to do
it but that was the dream it wasn't like
the the the being big on YouTube
happened but making a living making
videos was my dream and when I started
YouTube you couldn't make money so I
didn't know that was the route I just
didn't know I just kept making videos
without money I just for two and a half
years I lost money making videos my
whole life I lost money until I started
to make it on YouTube when
you can make money so that was my
impossible dream was to just make a
living making videos I didn't know it
would be on YouTube being a youtuber
like I didn't know at the time so that
was my impossible dream that truly came
true guys thank you so much 15 million
today it's exciting it's so exciting and
I forget how exciting it is I'll be
honest the first million was the was the
that was the hardest million after that
you create a snowball right once you get
that snowball going you just Keith looks
like a giant hill it just keeps grabbing
you guys into this bigger bigger bigger
but up until that million it was the
hardest thing I've ever done in my life
the most sacrifices the most time away
from family the most oh man I put it in
I really did I wish you could see it
either way thank you guys so so much I'm
sitting here signing signing signing
Christmas balls y'all I feel I feel like
I have to do like 200 of these to get
100 good ones like it's unright us
little square right and then the objects
round so like this one's good I'm happy
with that like I accept that one this
one is not so much I don't know it looks
like did this one I don't know look at
the are if you get these I'm sorry I'm
literally trying my best I really am
it's just it's a tricky it's a tricky
Sig tricky signature I don't know ain't
and sorry about all the talking guys
honestly I just oh no man we hit
milestones like at it I don't know I get
emotional why it's a serious thing to
big deal you know it's something not a
lot of people get to do in their whole
life like to have milestones like that
so I'm just I'm ever grateful and
thankful for you I don't know what else
to say like there's no words that I
could say for you to be like oh my god
he really cares about me like its true
like I have no way to make you believe
that but that's how I feel
thank you over and over and over again
you guys I'm gonna I'm gonna knock out a
hundred of these and this think this
takes off easy breezy oh you did it not
too bad not too bad leaving my backdrop
for the the boss I just made it's nice
okay it looks really good like that
mr. fleshy mr. fleshy let's go inside
now right now where's my girl where's my
girl well jailbird you look like a
little jailbird hey I love you
hi hey hi ah you guys look cozy
Hey you in doing with me see I you are
gonna do it
we've been practicin she I'm gonna
sugarcoat it last couple days bread only
it's just bread only you see it's the
core collection this one is they no more
daddy you will do it again
no yeah fly ready
she's gonna be my brave girl
oh yeah she literally is out of frame
you serious
you almost touch the ceiling you know
touch the ceiling do you want to touch
the ceiling ready watch it the ceiling
yeah are you a daddy's girl now that's
just like I wanna fly little boy flashy
there was that freshy that the goofy
doggy said - goofy doggy if you press
that one it turns it on not that one
this one right here that one yep nope
alright you're gonna push all of them
but the one that turns it on shit
this is silly what's that button yeah
there you go there you go hey you want
turn it off you gotta press the same
button that thing's loud holy moley this
so I'm I'm morphing ahead a little bit
tonight I was actually out in the store
a long time I did all the photos once
you go to the site you'll see the foot I
took that after I signed the bulbs
Brittany actually came out and signed
her 100 bulbs and would you sign 10 of
mine yeah so there's 10 only 10 with
both of our signatures maybe we'll do
some more tomorrow now we're just gonna
have fun with it but I got everything
done website stuff like I feel awesome
and I feel super accomplished today
eyes are kicking my butt like oh my god
I hate complaining on camera but I
walked in I'm like I think my eyes just
having me beat they're beating me
they're so bad like I told brows like I
would never have done it ever if I would
have known it would take this long it's
well she got a different type of surgery
so I think curses like 15 million
subscribers today that is huge that is
gigantic that is amazing thank you guys
for that we'll see you tomorrow I think
tomorrow will be day 30 30 blocks I
think I love you guys beautiful you are
one of a kind smile more keep dreaming
you
