wah-wah-wah see thanks Cora welcome guys
welcome welcome to the vlog I am up I am
now I haven't done this forever but when
you when you break a phone and you
replace the phone you've got to like
dump it all on your computer you can use
cloud I don't know how you do it but I'm
like dumping this all my mistakes
literally all very long time cuz I don't
do it I don't keep up with it anyways
Britney picked me up a new phone
yesterday which she was very excited to
do it's pretty nice the hello what phone
is that is that the tip what is that
what phone is this xn I came people with
stuff rock walls being used almost every
single day these kids live on this thing
she put hammocks at the top you guys can
sleep up there yeah ropes working on
that we're working on that we're gonna
make it so you can go up and over to the
upstairs maybe take that railing off put
a little like a little okay that's not I
wanted to start this video I want to
start this video because I accidently
thought when I was a kid we used to do
this thing and my kids have never heard
of this maybe you haven't so you can try
this it's where you take your arms come
and vlog me for a second take this this
will work really well for me and you
probably can ride through a normal door
way you take your arms and you press on
the doorframe for like 60 seconds press
on all right mm-hmm
press on I want you to do it all right
no I'm scared no no it's not bad it's
cool so push on it push on it okay I'll
hold that hold that
give it some push all right and you're
gonna do it on normal doorway alright so
let's cut this and in 60 seconds and one
two I can't wait 60 seconds cuz your
face you're like worried don't be scared
just hold it you're gonna like it it's a
mental thing it's like if you guys have
done this you know what's gonna happen
to know he doesn't know it's not I
promise it's nothing bad thank you it
hasn't been a push are you ready to try
not yeah look at please guys okay I'll
tell you what let go and see if anything
see if you notice anything go ahead
nothing that mean I'm super
disappointing maybe I did it longer
maybe okay here's what's supposed to
happen when you do that and you hold it
when you when you're done do it Nana did
you ever do the thing where you put your
arms in the doorframe and you hold it
no not that but that's yeah now you're
gonna give a bad idea no when you like
press and then you would let go and your
arms feel like they're floating up my
blood no you see what you eat or was
there anything left honey
first of all hi did you ever do the
thing where you put did you you put your
arm in the door frames and you push and
then after like a minute not the climb
thing that's what she said no climbing
you pushed and then when you were done
for like your arms were floating am I
crazy we used to do it all the time okay
maybe try a smaller doorframe come over
here okay no okay hey everybody
everybody listen up okay I just googled
pushing on a door frame trick all right
the science of the floating arm trick
press on the backs of your hands against
the eight ball maybe that way just press
on the backs of your hands against the
inside of a doorframe for 30 seconds
you'll feel something odd your arms will
flow up from your sides I'm telling you
this works we got to do it okay so I did
it wrong okay instead of pushing for
arms like that know that yes now just
you don't depress you don't depress hard
you guys have to try this too in my
crate chase Veronica did you guys never
do this floating arm trick and the door
frames when you were young come on
it makes your arms float come on I'm
swear I'm not making this up it says
only 30 you don't have to do it very
long like 30 seconds how long has it
been ten more seconds and then King
you're gonna try yeah you're gonna float
in the air all right try it try it try
it
maybe I pressed maybe you press hard I
don't know doing an idiot right now yeah
I think the harder you press the more
it's gonna do it chase right now do it
no that was full floating so put your
arms this way the trick is you press
hard press out with your arms hard and
then just apply as much pressure as you
feel comfortable for like as long as you
want I think the longer you go the
better it's gonna be it's the meme thing
we're all gonna be photoshopped I
promise you this works
you're all gonna those that try and get
it to work you're gonna love it
everybody else is just gonna have odd
faces looking at y'all funny like how
long has it been
you think it's been like all right try
chase come on give me something give me
something come out yeah you're right Wow
yes see I've been redeemed it's cool
right you're right
yes weird Noah's like dang it that's
right now try and lift my arms my arms
just worn they went up by themselves all
right what'd you just say okay I gotta
catch Noah
all right walk out game you might give a
shot so you believe me now yeah I wasn't
making that up
I really fought for this one your eyes
eyes I really feel like nobody's even
heard of this don't try it
oh my gosh this is the boat the boys are
in one room doing weird things but you
guys might have topped it this might
even more weird like a lot you could use
a ladder she gonna take all these girls
out you know imagine you're just
spreading it all over so if this doesn't
get cleaned every like three years it
gets full of like dust and flies and
bugs maybe just maybe because you're
maybe you're shorter let me try get it
get those bugs over there so yeah yeah
keep that dirt keep that dirt boy you
almost got it and what's got it we
should play a game and put look the
balls up there and see if you can get
like in the thing not even right you
know what hang on let me see
that's a black guy you know let me see
that looks like she got punched amber
setting her up Brett are you washing it
off you don't like it okay so we have
first of all we came out in the store
the girls and Brittany is Guinea where
we have a date night tonight Brittany
and I are you excited are you ready
does that mean no stop it should I not
um here's the thing like we have a date
night and I'm
let's go let's roll she's the hamlet
girls like doing black eyes ok what do
you want me to look like you mean
serious about this right now really put
another hanging in it in oh you
were coming here to do makeup and we
would go now you do black guys in purple
contacts distracted
y'all distract it out here even Chase is
distracted what even is oh mylanta
is that a bald cap patties so you like
you kid that's you
why didn't you would Matt you would you
would fix it with makeup and stuff right
and contour why does it go over your
ears that's ridiculous oh that's true oh
geez yeah why would it go over your ears
oh because it's for full face for what
you match that it's it's very subtle
purple you put the black eye there now
and you're gonna like jacked really but
he's gone nobody can hear us are you
excited for date night I'm sure you're
not even getting ready those fake ready
this is like playing out your little
shop out here oh yeah you're gonna your
eyes gonna hurt you
good do whatever you want sure like what
oh hello
this finger that you have just wavering
use that to hold your lower lid down lit
oh my gosh contacts users make it look
so much easier they just pop them in so
fast no no these raging giant lights
make you realize how many falls you
actually have like I would hate to sit
and just scan my face in front of these
lights dude I'm like three different
Reds I'm like all types of colors in
front here oh it's not gonna cut that
what if I let go of the sword dude what
if you miss exactly alright ready
what baseball bat
nothing little baby Oh see it's too
bouncy it's like a bouncy ball dude yeah
what's your finger right there just a
little onions okay let's see if I can
chop this cone let me see I need a
little slither off that cone how yuccas
oh you're making fire out here really
just through sparks look it's nice
Miller Brian already got it fixed
look at that I would put a little tape
on there though well if we go straight
down the middle bet you won't yeah I the
samurais he's gonna hit right my face
that's it Brian that's it Brian
give me you guys look at nice and clean
that is clean dude if you needed
something that bucket you could get it
just slice the tailgate in half on
centration is it only two troublemakers
only the cheap cannonball it okay go mmm
you gotta come and take the bathroom
over to what happened your little studio
outside I love it I love what you've
done with your yourself wait do you have
the contacts in oh I can see it yeah it
looks great so we're going honey I
promise I'm gonna look imma look real
real nice for you I don't know what I'm
gonna do how am I gonna look nice
there's no chance I can even look nice I
don't have anything to wear yeah yeah
black shirt black t-shirt that you wore
do you come here with those
color Dean no this look good no you're
gonna wear this no no no you like
mommy's hair deep Mickey Mouse we shall
return we shall return love you boy I
love you have fun Mikey okay
she just ran straight for the door so
you ain't leaving you can't leave us
I love you love you too buddy bye
seriously hey em hey bud hey don't touch
me don't knock the hay off my back
alright we are on the move Britton I got
a long kind of a way to dog really date
night tonight kind of just out enjoying
a little time together and we got any
common hoover and how many kids you got
man you got car seats back here and all
kinds of stuff back here i guess that's
in case we brought our kid attorne
no maybe kids yeah kids times is rough
him he looks that guy looks really
familiar
you looked just like this guy that works
for us that we you know good friend of
mine the country in the house top man
your shoulder doubled in size this week
that's amazing that's impressive new
coat lady
it's the inflatable and the inflatable
coat countries work for a good friend
and it's it's it's more than work but he
he's very good a security detail and he
helps you know the family whoever it is
mom and dad Britney and I the kids get
in and out of places especially we're
going to NF concert which is one of our
favourite artists right now and we share
a very big audience with NF so country's
always there to make sure yeah like
you're gonna get into here
the Bears we're like overhead in the
vents coming through yeah that's where
that's country knows that against he's a
big part of us going out in being able
to do normal things especially with the
kids
I don't ever show it in the vlogs as it
feels weird but it's it's kind of
difficult to do a lot of family things
together in public so big guns here is
always there to make sure we're just in
and out smooth and we're always there
for you guys we never ever say no to a
picture we're always there for you guys
as well it's just it's so much smoother
and especially on a date night have a
little like peace of mind I'm gonna go
ahead and give a special shout out right
now through Nate himself the man from
and after letting us part literally
beside his tour bus for his show tonight
amazing super nice so we're inside nf
concert last time we're at NF he was in
a venue half the size and I told him I
said next time I see you it's gonna be
way bigger I want you to look at this
place
okay so we are kind of are you pulling
them out right now she's in snapchat
color you read you get it up that easy
no they're like so we are obviously
waiting for the show it's we like I said
I think I said earlier that we should
share a big fan big Lucy wanted like The
Terminator
so we're kind of waiting back here it's
absolutely chaos I purposely did not
tell I never posted anywhere that we
were coming to the show and I think you
may have posted like weeks ago can't
wait or something
the sports incredible you guys are in
curve here everywhere it's absolutely
incredible and I was looking out there a
big dog is Congrats buddy it's awesome
we're just chilling here and kind of
waiting to go in I want to add one more
thing I am not probably gonna film any
of the show maybe just bits and pieces I
don't like giving up just like we did it
twenty one pilots just like clips cuz I
don't wanna give up their show it's very
important to the artist so you got it
you gotta flip the W you got to flip the
W wait you can't pop them in if you
can't pop it in you have to do it from
the back if to go backwards
hey yeah there you go you got it nailed
it oh it's it that's it got it Congrats
alright guys just like that working into
current day I didn't film the class come
on in bud come on in I'm just ending the
vlog I didn't film almost any of the
show I just don't think it's my place to
show you guys the show it's kind of like
something you got to go see for yourself
if you want to see that and I don't want
to spoil it for anybody that hasn't
already seen it that'd be just coming in
here like a zombie right now what's up
so sleep real Kane right here you know
I'm vlogging right good actually for
happy excited all the time we love you
guys so much we will see you tomorrow I
had a wonderful date night with Britt
obviously and that's it can't even jump
in for the ending no pain come back
we love you guys hope you're feeling
good I hope you're feeling great let's
keep the vlogs rolling we're gonna start
today's and yeah that's it anything to
say book anything say boy no I'm gonna
tell him you got to chicken dinners last
night and better than I did
you did and he's hosting custom games on
my computer so everyone probably thinks
it's me but it's actually no anyway so
we got to go love you guys so much
beautiful you're one of a kind smile
you
