- um buddy what's up
oh you're shooting some time-lapses hey
good morning guys what's up
they are here day three look I just
can't get over the weapon we are walking
in right now take this ready I'm going
yep okay
yeah come take a that's fine what's up
buddy mama what are you doing what are
we doing shooting a little she little
you don't know what it's called so today
is a whole lot of interviews we are
pretty much rearranging the house each
time and honey honey honey wake up baby
so what is this being used for I just
noticed that there's men's grooming tape
here who's using this breed that's what
you're that's what this is it's for two
pays for like people that gotta wear its
double-sided tape that's genius
I had no idea so she's used to firm I
didn't even know the last two days I
didn't know you're easy to pay tape
hey we got a minute maybe they heard ro
man that's nice there we go yeah that
looks like more like me try something
totally different they got a catering
from I don't know what this is
Brett's free
I got jambalaya though hey guys I got a
serious question for you I'm looking
through this screen over does the camera
add 10 pounds hey you know that's Platt
let's fake its decorations all right my
teeth choose they're old and they didn't
eat you just seemed plastic graves do
you want Howie to make some voices for
you he's been dying to he's asking you
them like I do helium like a balloon
that's really good and I do this so that
people don't make fun of me is he crazy
but he's your best hey do you want him
to go home no just fired up the rc4
Richie here you love it I know hey get
some ramps out here
are you you want to drive yours it's
easy to drunken
driving you got to drive it does he know
how to drive it just take it easy okay
you don't have to go full speed pain is
driving it's gonna work better right now
how hey guys you're in the vlog right
now hello from Ireland you're in the
vlog we are live on periscope apparently
this is the new thing to do and I enjoy
it I'm in Ohio joined a lot entertain us
we're trying hi from Qatar Wow that's it
you know the Middle East we're trying to
think of something to do when we do
periscope you know we get on here we
don't know what to say or do or he's got
a better fish tank than me you know why
this is better than mine because this is
real horrible Thank You Roman we had a
good weekend here and this guy's a star
look for the project the project it's
going to be coming up real the terrible
name for a dog that said if you want to
tell them the project
hi all right guys we're gonna do a crew
forever you join us for the crew photo
let's do that uh hang out with people
bye guys
we had fun we'll see you later I'll just
be here in Ohio if you need me okay we
are rap dude are you the medic on the UH
on the set or do you just give people
boo-boos you don't you did awesome
driving that RC car man
literally everything we have is out of
gas everything so came down here the
oldest gas tank I have this thing is
rotten the caps all like chewed and torn
off there we go we got gas again can
if you put that up and you can see what
you're filming yeah well here I go now
you can
he's done vlogging because you're here
now
what are you doing thank you then then
sit on your lap
get her game cane she's got lollipops
all right guys so this current day we
after the cameras shut off and the crews
left we were like three days of full-on
filming I just turned the camera I
didn't film any so forgive me it is
current day is a new day what the heck
are you guys is that your t-shirt oh my
yeah it's are we gonna do it you wanna
you wanna make it better so what's the
deal what do you want to do how many
likes for what color hair I don't get it
I don't know what we're doing here so I
I'm thinking I'm just getting my roots
just black stained black but if we can
get a hundred thousand likes I'll do it
different not black
sit so Bret has to get her hair - she
always dyes her hair she has to get it
tomorrow if you guys get a hundred
thousand likes on this vlog she has to
dye it a different color than what it is
now not black years a long time so if
you guys get a hundred thousand likes
which that's not enough they're gonna
get a hundred thousand likes are you
gonna get on a hundred fifty thousand
I'm not that would be tough that won't
be tough all right
I know 50 doesn't like she has to dye
her hair a different color not black oh
my god I'd be so weird I don't know if I
could look at you the same
alright guys we love you we are gonna
balance we gotta start today now so
that's it that's all we got 150,000
likes she has to dye our hair tomorrow
or the next day whatever we'll figure it
out we love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow
smile more I'm getting really worried
guys come in can you hear me anybody I
don't know what to do vegetables
