but buddy oh no honey oh you're cold to
drink
it's hot it's beautiful it's sunny I
love you squeeze my head off you strong
and big what's up guys how are you hope
your days awesome we're starting our day
off with sometimes there's always wake
up this happy this is a most of the time
he does actually mommy on the other hand
wakes up like a lion don't she I think I
broke my foot yesterday at the pool yeah
you guys might notice I'm walking with a
terrible limp today and I'm carrying why
am i carrying you all right lead the way
so what are we doing today we have to go
to well I left it up to you guys I asked
you guys on Twitter yes sir we put into
sorry-ass from the car it was really
hard so I figured Twitter would be the
best here it is
giveaway options favorite for Apple
watches or retweet for new GoPro
sessions the Apple watch almost doubled
the GoPros holy crap 8000 favorites for
the Apple watch we're headed the Apple
Store today
yeah don't some of them watches like
$20,000 sell and my favorite one is like
300 300 a giant oh my gosh wow dude dude
that is a serious friggin front hold it
up to your face
what's your name dude I'm Ben Ben Ben's
from Cleveland yeah about two hours man
he said what are the odds of seeing
Roman today dad down here for a golf
tournament right before I left them like
I don't forget to see Roman out for what
that's awesome thanks for watching yep
man you're so strong I tied his cape I
tied a shirt on his I wanna carry it
like a cape now I think are you Batman
what not much of a cape but we have been
blessed with sunshine today it's amazing
all right let's do this coming in here
is like a death trap
because keen finds an iPad even though
he has long different games all right
here they are guys oh my god these are
like $20,000 it's not like that I don't
know
so crazy
are you fighting yourself all right you
guys you asked for it here they are
don't don't uh you giveaway coming soon
I don't know what they were gonna do it
but maybe no that's it maybe I don't
it's such a weird thing to have on your
dashboard snakes and I don't know maybe
it means something you guys tell me all
right tell me what were you looking for
where we're going
mildew bear Kane's gonna build his own
bear just the way it sounds I guess you
could pick out things and stuff it
yourself
he actually gets to make it yeah he'll
be taking this thing high school with
him this way over here oh boy here we go
here we go any of these bears
chain look at all these look iron bear
like you like Hulk Hulk there you can
get your bare little swimsuit never seen
can't have this part of a decision
before life he's like what is tough
can we pick one we just can't pick I'm
not sure daddy picked for you no I don't
want to pick for you
he's got he's got abs dude all right
he's going with halt
Hulk bear what are you doing look inside
you can name them crab heart he's gotta
have a heart
Oh put your heart right here this is
complicated I'm gonna fill them up make
him a bear up on it up fill em up
oh yeah Yuri Tuesday YouTube good yes
sir how are you okay how are you you had
fun
oh he's gonna smell good now keep that
Hulk stink away
Gary hold on to it super tight energy he
could get them to do anything right now
you gotta close your eyes and make a wet
I thought it was gonna be so cheesy and
corny but it actually was like I've
never seen Kane act like that it was so
excited Wow there's no bahama change in
there man that Sun went down quick just
getting home guys okay and you got a new
best friend yep we got in the box what
are we getting a boss
you guys know every once while in the
vlogs we do feature products and
companies that send us their products
that we think are pretty cool we've done
all kinds of them told them to send us
their stuff they did these things are
awesome you guys know that I gotta shave
all the time I'm a man's man and
Brittany I think your face right here
you're as fast as a mom you want to see
all right let's see these things mean
Kay wanna see the chrome edition oh
that's bad to the bone you know she's
like legit made in Germany razors
they're heavy they're there you see this
thing aim come ere you want me shave
your hair oh that's how that works
should we just so you just go right up
the middle so basically guys a legit
company very high quality I know you
guys shave especially girls like I would
imagine our girl viewers shave more than
our guy viewers yeah yeah I mean I'm an
old dude I don't even shave yeah I'm
like it's like 12 year olds with bigger
beards of a that's the truth are you
doing it's not it's not edible baby
don't eat it don't eat it the only way
we do these products guys is if the
company actually is gonna hook you guys
up with something that's the bottom line
they are if you go to harrys.com if you
place an order I think they're 15 bucks
for this whole kit which isn't oh it's
legit like this stuff's legit this one
razor will probably last me two or three
years I'm gonna harrys.com all you do is
use promo code Roman that's it ro ma you
guys know my name that's it you get five
dollars off so that I think the whole
thing cost ten bucks that's a good deal
yeah
there's arts they are expensive you get
extra blades it's a nice kit it's a nice
kit so you guys were into it you shave
go to Harry's then I'll check this out
it's nice man and thanks to Harry's for
sending us this is awesome yeah the last
thing I'm going to say is that these
guys started this company with just two
guys entrepreneur I love that so I
support anybody is just starts a company
and takes it to the next level freaking
awesome I love it cuz that's that's what
I did that's what we did and that's I
don't know I can relate to it it's sweet
alright guys I'll put that link for
everything in the description so
what's up ladies ninja vanish come on I
wake you up
we got cleaning to do just trying to
wake everybody up
yeah we got a big big week in here guys
so we got a lot of extra help grandma
Rhonda Kane's doing most of the cleaning
I didn't in the walk last night so here
I am right here today
saying goodbye starting our day off we
love you guys thanks for everything
we'll see it tomorrow oh I'm gonna end
it with this a lot of people can blame
it on Instagram so for the for the
watches we're trying to figure out
what's the best way to do that hit me in
the comments tell me what you guys think
we will see you tomorrow
get out no no hang on it's not luck it's
point out saying turn it off give me
this it's hot
