what's up guys today we are starting our
day on a boat doing some reading trying
to catch our own dinner tonight we've
all been eating fish all week and we
decided let's catch our own dinner eat
fresh tonight that's what we're doing we
got our man Captain Kirk here with us
today and that is his name captain
Captain Kirk hey princess Paul would say
let's all live long and prosper
what are we fishing with here today
calamari calamari wait so if we don't
catch no fish we can always eat volume
all the way down to bottom so you know
we're at the bottom because then it'll
be nice and slow just let it go this is
360 cans rolling whales hopefully maybe
you don't think she can handle a long
pole I was gonna give a shot I'm gonna
drop straight down and then you're gonna
lock it when it hits this and I know it
hits well you're gonna know and this
thing stops feeding line you know you're
at the round the bottom I'm hoping
you're not in the rough now you might be
into
yeah yeah in the rock oh alright got me
my first fish which what's this one
called Kirk that's a squirrel fish
squirrel fish let's bring him in yeah
squirrel squirrel looking guy he said
they spoke you're pretty good uh yeah I
go use a towel to take him off he's
beautiful
okay fella all right definitely that's
he's got these spikes see all those
spikes yep all over hollow all over he's
pretty protected yeah oh yeah yes come
on guys I'm to-to-to up on you I got me
a pogey two for two
written Rome taking over this boat come
on guys oh you just jump back in yeah
you got lucky yeah you got one on the
board else one up look at this beautiful
strawberry grouper then drop down get it
in your eye
oh nice hold your pitcher you want him
come out a little bit more that's a
price are you gonna you gotta get
another card of a group picture
we are moving locations breath would you
get two fish
you got three yeah I got three it's so
wavy this water is unbelievable I hear
it's so blue it's like kool-aid
that's first fish way to go pops
that's what numbers eight nine nine
what's the closest to that three three
hey just got a sand fish really pretty
it's kind of like a nyet pretty pretty
ela Sh
check out what just happened to me this
is a steel leader this is steel ate it
up like nothing this is a thick hook
completely chewed it in half the hook
and everything chewed in half like
nothing unbelievable it's so rock here
you guys never seen those fishing shows
where it's really exciting this is what
it's actually like a whole lot of
waiting
it's definitely a little more movement
up here made it back on the land who
took the lead Dale killed it 14 Traci
now the fish you did win the dunk stop
hanging out with this guy grabbing some
food before we have our actual dinner
tonight they're gonna play up some of
the fish we caught we got the 3 6 you
want to set that up go ball 360
everybody will actually like the lunch
time
Oh
now let's just set it up and go we're
all dog with ya I've showed it that's it
it's on it's gonna start on you probably
just gonna put together like a 360 vlog
through all our days just kind of report
some things throughout the week
so the other day we came down this is
kind of where the bonfire was down there
on that end I want to take a picture but
it's high tide the only way to get there
there is no beach this is usually Beach
during loads they it's fun though huh
look this is where we found the crab
you're gonna scare Brittany with
remember it was all sand so this is a
amazing spot to get a family picture if
I wanted to do an Instagram pic of me
and the family right here all week but
we haven't had blue sky and perfect Sun
and I wanted this we all just ran down
here to do this it's gonna be pretty its
mr. Sandman sing me a song
it's jumping sponge have fun Sam man
I'll see you in a little bit bye come on
Oh bye MA hmm hey my foot rub together
need help okay look at this what's up
baby how are you
what about we just got to the we're
gonna watch John it's Friday
that's a park you know yeah ABC's
already so we're here we brought the
kids not not Katie's - you little so
here we go let's go let's get in here
I'm gonna record the whole movie put on
YouTube like this that's the first movie
I've ever been to where they have guards
walking up and down there see that like
like look like military that's the
police if they were great movie
fantastic yeah I was a little worried
usually movies
could be really sore that's great would
you think I'd watch I'd watch it again
that was a movie I was ready okay we go
back and Brittany and Keene stayed
because he's a little too young I would
have took him honestly it was
unbelievable but they all took his kids
and they were about freaked out there's
some pretty gnarly scenes in there me
and Noah loved it of all things to do
all my patient we go to movie theaters
and watch a movie actually we do it all
the time on vacations yeah remember when
we used to go to the Outer Banks every
year we'd always try to go to the movie
theaters you were probably too young
though you priced it at home pooping in
your pants
how you feeling about baking man yeah
I'm gonna good trip I'm having these
guys having a good trip with us you guys
enjoying the trip I am
not a great time with you just every met
with you on the dirt
can't beat that anything is good I'll
see you then
sleep super duper party pooper I love
you don't don't don't don't
mr. dinosaur I just watched a bunch of
dinosaurs
hey you bite my leg you're biting my leg
serious what's all over your face
chocolate cake
is that the guilty face you guys picked
out while we were gone you guys went on
a date without daddy yeah oh man yeah
you can go edit this video first you get
a dinosaur he brought it with them
okay well very interesting guys very
interesting
I'm gonna go wrap this video up good one
I know gang you my hero dude give me
five yourself so happy really are you
rocking at all like rocking from that
boat today when I stand still I'm just
like I feel like I'm rocking back and
forth it's crazy
a whole new mystery huh every day is an
adventure with the hours we are wrapping
up tonight my friends I got like I
wonder like today I'm wondering what's
it like these guys I see a lot of ships
out here off this island and they're on
these boats for months at a time I
wonder what it feels like to get onto
land after you've been in any type of
movement for that one is so weird even
even a few hours today my legs feel
weird we are booking a lot of you guys
know I am a I love scuba diving I'm
certified in many ways scuba diving we
are booking a cool scuba trip in the
next two days hopefully tomorrow but
probably gonna be the next day I don't
know we'll see so probably more
underwater scenes but I just love it so
much I love capturing that stuff and
showing you guys and I hope you enjoy it
just a heads up for you guys at the end
watch this video all the way till now
I'm gonna post the GoPro butter not the
GoPro the 360 cam pic on Instagram right
today today so the competition will be
running today and that's just for you
guys
so I know we got some Fisher's out there
guys that go fishing all the time girls
we did a coefficient trip today and
we've been fishing since we're little
kids me and my brother my dad took us
since we were little kids and I want to
get today I want to hear some fishing
stories we had so much fun out there
today definitely it's a bonding
experience you have fun one-on-one it's
just great and you know I want to hear
some stories because I know there's a
lot of fishers watching these videos
anyways we love you guys thanks for all
of support to this family and myself you
guys are you guys are unbelievable we
really can't get over it it's it's it's
like a real thing like we have a family
we meet you guys it's like we've all
known each other it's like hey what's
that it's like no that's so weird
I'm Jeff I'm talking too much we'll see
us tomorrow we love you just above a
beautiful coral reef it goes all up and
down these rocks and there's the beach
way over there
