some of my cousin's here today and they
built this volcano thank God I'm getting
out of there what's up what's up guys if
you watched yesterday's vlog then you
know we're already halfway through today
and we're starting it right now what's
up what's up what's up little Brit I
like your nails look at that she did it
herself today yeah I mean I helped so we
have come out today burning out in the
truck we came out today to get my car
but it's raining and it's nasty cold and
I just don't want to pick it up because
it got a full it got a full wax job and
it's so pretty the last thing I want to
do just pull it out in the mud so I'm
gonna wait till tomorrow I think when
it's yucky out throw your hood up no I
don't want my mom to mess up my afro
thanks mommy
just what be a daily vlog without some
lunch and strawberry lemonade you want
my strawberry um
so good what is your shirt
Elmo is king of selfies I know I'm being
kicked out okay go ahead
always musical chairs now we keep
switching sides I'll give you $100 cash
if you can eat that whole salad what do
you mean there's a monster I didn't get
some steak and potatoes usually it's
like chicken fingers and fries I try to
draw a little bit I even shaved
come on muscles come on muscles you
better sit down and buckle up boy mommy
don't make me get them come on Seto all
right - my parents out there I know a
lot of you guys don't have kids but
those that you do I remember having to
take Hulk out of my house when Noah was
about three four years old I had to take
it out it was no longer laudable talk
Keynes starting to do it - yeah they
turn into homes like they think they're
home there's no break all the doors off
the truck boy yeah you got a sensitive
further just wait yeah and you're gonna
remember Romans saying this it goes to
their head man they turn into these
superheroes oh my god you make me so no
my just got back home I got my boy
loading up bullets teaching them young
man without teaching you what are you
doing what happened to this this is
actually that plastic bullet belt I
warned the Firecracker challenge whereas
in the bed of the truck with the
Dudesons
it looks like and I might be wrong but
it looks like somebody destroyed it
so uh deal just got here and he brings
me a well this is my real birthday
present from him they were hard to find
they were hard to find Camp brews banana
dude you can know like
Britney what would you say this is a
banana order that's right boys and girls
you can no longer damage your banana way
that tired of getting bruises on your
bananas no longer have you're always
traveling I was like you can just jam
this right down in your pocket or you
know just something to keep that banana
from getting bruised
anti bruised down this thing can we can
we make some mom so every time we have
special guests over we always send our
pictures you guys do we sign the
pictures throw is send them out Britney
drives at 30 minutes to go get them Dale
for my birthday I didn't show you guys
this in the birthday boy he got me this
sweet color printer and he's actually
installing it for me and thanks to him
so now we have guests come over we print
right here is that automatically just
flipped all that down this technology
did awesome like that's all I use that
all the time
Terri toner baby oh you don't remember
do you like it this is a picture took
not long ago of all the kids playing on
Dale's go-kart and now that we got a
printer hooked up we can print all our
favorite pictures I love it it's great
you guys remember this stuff from the
vlogs but I never get to print pictures
so cool that kid is cane you have
officially destroyed the house yeah what
the heck's wrong with mommy's face
what's up my face it's right here he's
right here what is that what is that
it's a seaweed mask it looks like you
went face-first in an oil slick hmm
I'm with Caine on this one come on Caine
come on
run to Daddy so what's that supposed to
do what's he gonna do I can't hardly
take you serious right now you look like
a robber like you could rob a bank like
that you're probably good
you're you're you're you're fixing
problems and making money that's the
multitasking No
why are you covering your mouth does it
smell to taste bad what are you doing
all right God I'm okay and I'm fine yeah
I got it
guys today will be the last slow off day
I know yesterday I told you I've been I
just was off a little lazy today I was
hair of that I was a bit of that too and
tomorrow tomorrow it's not gonna happen
I got a new guest come out of the house
we're gonna do something that's never
ever been done as far as the vlogging
world goes this could change vlogging
forever I could be the first to do it
and it's gonna happen here on this
channel it's unbelievable you guys like
it so yeah the rest of the week is
packed full of things sorry for being a
little off but thanks for being so loyal
and I got you back I'm gonna
here tomorrow we're gonna rock it out we
have fun before I go I do got one
question for you we do a lot of stuff in
these vlogs a lot of weird things fun
things cool things stupid things what's
your favorite thing that we've ever done
in the vlogs let me know maybe we can do
more of that tell me in the comments
today what's the what's your favorite
thing we've ever done in these vlogs
there's a lot of logs but I know you
probably have ones one thing that you're
like I want to see more of that so tell
me in the comments that's all I got for
you today guys thanks so much thanks for
all the support hit me in the comments
we'll see you tomorrow your beautiful
smile mwah
but it looks like a freakin tornado hit
here honestly look at this and I already
put all the chairs away and everything
this is what's left
