hi guys and welcome back so today Bob
laughs ed today I'm going to be showing
you how I used to do my makeup and how I
used to dress you kind of need to see
the whole package and you kind of need
to see how it all went together because
yeah it was definitely yeah it was
definitely a look and definitely
something that I don't really wear
anymore I kind of kept a few little bits
that I've made it into my current
fashion style but yeah everything else
are is gone without further ado let's go
and I'm going to show you how I used to
do my makeup and how I used to dress as
a teenager my idea of skin kit was a
packet of baby wipe didn't really use
anything else maybe like a simple face
wash every now and then otherwise that
was it in terms of skin my skin was
flawless in order to recreate this look
I'm just going to conceal my breakouts
and I'm going to use the Kryolan derma
color camouflage cream to do that
I did not know that brows were a thing
when I was in high school I didn't fill
in my brows I just kind of had these
scrawny thin brows that were
non-existent I'm just going to go ahead
and recreate that brow as fast as I can
I'm not plucking this out of my brows so
I'm just gonna try and squeeze them down
as much as possible brows on fleek for a
very long time I couldn't find a black
eyeshadow that was black enough and I
didn't have any money so I couldn't go
to Mac and just buy a black shadow who
did that when they were like 14 nobody I
use like a black liquid eyeliner and
covered my entire lid and then put a
black eyeshadow on top and honestly that
seemed to do the thing for me I'm going
to go ahead and do that today this is
the Primark PS I love you liner which is
I think this is about a pound
it's probably about right I feel like
this look deserves a comeback I really
do feel like this could be this could be
a thing
I got so nostalgic purchasing this this
is the Stargazer black eyeshadow this is
what I used to use on my eyes so I'm
gonna go ahead and apply that I would
use even my fingers or I would try and
find one of these eyeshadows sponges I'm
going to go ahead apply this using my
fingers and if I screw up I'll probably
bring this out because I'm guessing
that's how I used to do it I'm just
going to press that over the lid I don't
even think I knew that blending
eyeshadow was a thing when I was like 13
14 nope I also used to take that black
eyeliner onto the lower lash going to
use the cheapest black eyeliner I could
find
and this is the Primark PS I love you
eyeliner and I think you get two of
these for a pound
sometimes I'd also take that eyeliner
into a wing it would always come from
the bottom up I don't know why feel like
it was like that and then like that
yea-ah
and then that
for mascara I always again went for the
cheapest product I could find I'm going
to use the collection extreme colored
lengthening mascara today yeah I think
that's about right there are a couple of
things missing from this look I have my
lip pierced I know you can still see my
scars sometimes I'm going to go ahead
and pop in a lip ring because that's
kind of what I used to wear there we go
I also have my nose pierced on the sides
and then I got my septum pierced he's
gonna put like a fake septum piercing in
there we go oh I fell out yeah so in
order for you to truly appreciate how
amazing this makeup is I think it's time
that I got changed and show you how I
used to wear it with all the clubs
oh god this thing is horrible I'm just
basically gonna get changed and show you
how I used to dress
so this is how I used to do my hair and
my makeup and my bow just grabs like
this every single day absolutely no
concept of what powder foundation primer
anything like that was thank you so much
for watching I really hope you had fun
watching this video and laughing at me
probably not with me the only thing it
I'm so much for watching don't forget to
give it a huge thumbs up and don't
forget hey guys
