hi guys and welcome back today I'm
showing you how to do this kind of
follow glam look so let's get started to
prime my skin today I'm using the
Smashbox photo finish primer and this is
light
I'm going to start by priming my eyes
using a small amount of the L'Oreal
light touch magic highlighting pan I'm
just gonna press that onto the center of
the lip and then I'm just gonna blend
that out using my finger
well I shadow today I'm using the
violets boss Pro palette and that looks
like this they have so many gorgeous
warm neutral shades in there so I'm
gonna take the shape thanks a lot eh and
use that to just set that concealer on
my lips take the shape transition and
apply that as a transition color next
I'm going to take the shape hashtag and
just once again applied that into the
crease
and with a clean fluffy brush I'm just
going to soften the edges next I'm
taking the showed are you kidding me and
just going to use this in the outer
corner and into the deepest part of that
crease and once again taking that large
fluffy brush and just softening those
edges take the shade wine and dine and
I'm just gonna apply that again in the
deepest part of the crease so I'm not
taking this higher than the crease I'm
resting it on the lid and into the
deepest part taking this shade teddy
bear and I'm just gonna apply that on a
small fluffy brush too and just press
that into the deepest part once again
take that large fluffy brush and just
blend out those edges one more time
gonna take the shade cranberry squash
and just apply that all over the lid
next I'm taking the shade blue and just
apply them back into the inner corner
pick that show teddy bear once again and
apply it in the outer corner loosen the
elf brighten in eyeliner I'm just going
to line my upper lash line oh that was a
disaster right using the MUA intense
glitter eyeliner I'm just going to line
my upper lash line for mascara I'm using
the Rimmel London volume colorist and
for lashes today I'm using the House of
lashes
siren whispies
now that my lashes are replied I'm just
gonna clean up the fallout from the
under eye area next I'm gonna move on to
Foundation and I'm gonna come back and
do the brows and the under eye area
afterwards now you may be able to see a
few acne breakout tappers at the moment
I've got some under my chin my forehead
and both cheeks it did all happen
yesterday
out of nowhere I hope you follow me on
snapchat or Instagram then you probably
did hear me talking about this I'm going
to show you a really easy way to cover
those and I'm using the Marc Jacobs
remarkable foundation today and I like
to mix the shade ivory and ivory light
together and then using my blank canvas
cosmetics brush and this is the f-22
brush I'm just going to go ahead and
blend that out
for my brows today I'm using the Anasazi
eyebrow definer in the shadow
to set my browser I'm using the pick
seat clear brow gel moving back to the
under eye area I'm gonna start by taking
the shade hashtag and just apply that on
the lower lash area next I'm gonna take
wine and dine
but finally I'm gonna take the shades
teddy bear into the lower lash area
but I'm just gonna blend that out I'm
gonna take the NYX wonder pencil into
the lower lashline and a touch of that
black eyeliner on the outer lower lash
line
and I'm just gonna blend that out I'm
gonna add a touch of that remote mascara
and finally I'm gonna take the lips
cosmetics porcelain and glitter onto the
inner corner of the lower lash line
he's in the Loreal touch magic I'm just
gonna conceal the under eye area
if you can tour today I'm using the Kat
Von D shade and light palette I'm just
gonna take this lightest shade here and
just apply that into the hair is a 20
I'm also going to take that shade onto
the top of my forehead and also
underneath my chin we're gonna move on
to that darker shade and just apply that
into the absolute hollow of my trick to
highlight today I'm using the bombs
names Luminizer
and finally for my lips I'm mixing
together two shades from Anastasia
Beverly Hills
I have Madison and lovely
and there we have it this is my finished
makeup look so I was only gonna do a
kind of like low-key glam vibe today but
then we ended up here
not complaining it kind of diggin it I
feel like Instagram threw up on me right
now it's that kind of like uber
highlighted smoked out a little bit of
glitter a little bit of liquid lip so I
really hope you enjoyed this video thank
you so much for watching don't forget to
subscribe and I'll see you guys soon
