hi guys and welcome back so today I'm
talking you through my August favorites
I'm not even gonna bore you with no
chitchat so let's just get straight into
it from the drugstore I'm loving the NYX
micro brow pencil in the shade taupe I
have ditched the Instagram brow no
longer kind of go in for that overly
done brow look everything is super sharp
and super neat and all you know carved
out I kind of feel like it's done to
death and you never actually see anybody
on the red carpet wearing that brow it
looks beautiful on Instagram it looks
beautiful
in pictures don't get me wrong it looks
perfect in pictures but right now I'm
kind of loving that Hollywood brow which
is just brushed up and out where you
still do see you know some hairs growing
back and I just kind of love that messy
under pencil building and brushed up and
set brow Lok so this is definitely one
of my favorite products at the moment
and I just really love to finish the
fact it looks really natural I've been
loving and the Barmes mary-lou manizer
all over again and I say that because if
you've been watching my channel for a
while you probably would have seen it in
a couple of videos years ago probably
favorites I kind of stopped using it for
a while and started using the Anastacio
highlighters and started using a couple
of other ones I did dig it out the other
day and I started using it and I was
like damn why why not use this in
forever because it is such a nice
highlighter and it's super affordable
I've hit pan on it I've used it that
much a must-have in my makeup bag and I
think it should be in yours too
it's one lipstick shade that I have
definitely been loving this month and
what a surprise
it is another nude lipstick and this one
is the Rimmel number forty shades and
this is from the Kate Moss line of
lipsticks this is a really beautiful
peachy nude shade and I like to think of
it as a really great grab-and-go
lipstick if you have fit or pale skin it
literally blends out so easily and that
shade is just so pretty it doesn't last
me breath the whole day and you need to
reapply once or twice or after like a
big meal through
poor think is only about five or six
pounds so maybe eight dollars or
something like that in the States
love how this looks love the shades and
it's great if you have fair or pale skin
this one primer I've been loving this
month
and that is the Smashbox photo finish
primer and this is the light one I
wanted to use a new primer the other day
I thought I'll go have a look in the
drawer I applied it didn't really think
that much you know it's about lights it
felt silky you didn't feel tacky and
then at the end of the day I kind of
like looked in the mirror and my makeup
at last did like all day without any
touch-ups from like 9:00 in the morning
until like 10:00 at night it does say
that it gives off a slightly matte
finish I personally didn't find it that
mattifying I feel like it just kind of
made my oily areas less shiny and yeah
love the look love how it made my makeup
last and definitely worth looking into
and trying the final makeup item on my
list is the new wire cell leg cushion on
Cordy ooh nice the fusion Incan shin
foundation I cannot speak French do not
judge me on that I can't speak French I
have this used on me a couple of weeks
ago at a photo shoot and I absolutely
fell in love with it it is such a
beautiful product on so many levels I
feel like I'm just getting excited just
thinking about this product this is the
future neck foundation and the packaging
is just divine let's just start off
there this is one of those products that
you literally are so proud to get out of
your handbag because it looks so freakin
beautiful inside you do have a little
cushion as your foundation and you do
also get a sponge with it and you just
press the pads onto the sponge and then
you go ahead and apply that all over
your skin I have this in the shade 20
that is also a shaped ten which is
slightly paler as well I've been wearing
it like every single day since I had it
you are a fan of pushing foundations or
you do want to try them check this out I
love this product and I cannot stop
wearing it there's one haircare brand
that I've really been loving this month
and that is Shu Uemura I went to LA
twice last month
my age is really struggle to deal with
the heat I feel like my extensions just
died a slow painful death and they got
really really frizzy and they just
didn't deal with the heat very well when
I got back I saw these and thought you
know what I'm gonna give them a try I'm
so impressed with these products
compared to a lot of the drugstore
products that I've been using on my hair
I feel like this just work and it's kind
of like that simple they smell good they
feel better they feel soft and my hair
definitely doesn't feel like straw after
using it and it doesn't feel like a
greasy mess either if you are struggling
to find the right shampoo and
conditioner I definitely recommend these
they are pricey but to me worth it and I
am converted and will be definitely
buying these and my final favorite it's
actually a music favorite and I have
been getting all in the spellcheck vibes
that Avril Lavigne recently I don't know
why she just popped into my head
recently and I made me think about being
a kid and skateboarding and thinking I
was cool wearing my stripey socks you
know not really giving a crap or anybody
thought about me I'm just doing what I
wanted when I wanted it so yeah I've
kind of been listening to her recently
trying to get back all that kind of not
bad attitude but that kind of carefree
attitude that I had from when I was a
teenager and I've just been falling in
love with her all over again
I've definitely turned into a little bit
of an alpha Lavigne fan girl it makes me
happy it makes me feel like being a kid
again and yeah I love it so there we go
those are all of the products that I've
been loving this August and if there's
anything that you love that you think
that I should be trying or things that
you think that I should be included in
videos then it do let me know in the
comment section below thank you so much
for watching don't forget to subscribe
and I'll see you guys soon bye
