hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this full
coverage glam makeup look so let's get
started first up I'm using the pixie
flawless and poreless primer to just
prep my skin ready for makeup
application and today I'm actually going
to start on the eyes first so first of
all I'm going to prep my eyes using the
Mac Paint Pot in the shade soft ochre
use of my finger I'm just going to blend
out that Paint Pot and this will act as
a really even base ready for eyes shadow
and today I'm using the Urban Decay vice
palette I'm starting with the shade
framed and I'm just going to apply that
all over the lids to act as an even that
starting ground and next up I'm gonna
take my shadow seals these are what I've
used if I'm using glitter because it
catches all of that fallout then I'm
going back to that 1985 shade from the
Urban Decay vice palette and I'm just
going to apply this all into the crease
and now take your time and build up this
color slowly this will act as our
transition shade so take a clean fluffy
blending brush to soften those edges
next I'm moving on to the shades
deadbeats which is a really pretty cool
little black shadow so I'm just gonna
take a flat shading brush and I'm going
to press that onto the lid make sure
that you take your time using this shade
and don't go up higher than the crease
make sure that you stay below it and
then when you take a fluffy blending
brush you'll meet up to that crease
because the shadow usually does go is
slightly higher so always kind of stop
slightly below where you want to blend
up too so just keep building up and
blending out that black shadow and it
doesn't have to be too perfect because
this will actually act as a base for our
glitter this is the nightlife glitter by
little cosmetic and it is an absolutely
beautiful multi tonal purple and it's
got a little bit of red and green
reflect in there and I absolutely loved
this glitter so I'm just applying that
onto the lids up into the crease and
then once I'm happy I'll take a soft
fluffy blending brush and just blend
the edges slightly to diffuse that
glitter next up is the NYX matte liquid
liner in the shade black and I'm just
going to apply this onto the upper lash
line
put my lashes today I'm using the Marc
Jacobs velvet noir mascara and I'm just
gonna go ahead and apply a couple of
coats of that onto my lashes ready for
false lash application and today I'm
going to be wearing big House of lashes
many iconic lashes I absolutely love
these they are a smaller version of the
iconic clashes that are amazing if you
don't have much lid space for brows
today I'm using the NYX micro brow
pencil in the shade brunette it's one of
my favorites and it is so easy to use
I'm just gonna go ahead and fill in my
brows using that pencil and then once
that's completed let's move back to the
base so start by removing your shadow
shields and if any glitter has fallen
onto your face and just take a little
bit of sellotape and you can pick that
glitter straight up for foundation today
I have the Marc Jacobs remarkable
foundation and I wear a shows ivory
light mix with the shade ivory blended
suit my skin tone now I actually like to
apply this using the hourglass vanish
finish foundation brush and then I'll
snip all that straight onto my skin
before taking a fluffy brush and then
I'll just kind of push that foundation
into my skin it's give more of a natural
finish I mean like as natural as full
coverage can look which isn't really
that natural to be honest but yeah I
like so you know just push that in to
make it look a little bit more like skin
for bronzer i'm using the l'oreal glam
brunch cushion du soleil and i'm just
going to apply that you can a crown
brush I can't remember which brush this
is it might be an eyeshadow or maybe
it's a powder I don't know it's if the
brush and I'm just applying that and
then taking the hourglass brush once
again to stipple and blend out that
bronzer into my foundation you can use
any kind of cream bronzer to do this I'm
kind of just digging this one at the
moment and it's so super affordable
to highlights and conceal my under eyes
I'm using the NARS radiant creamy
concealer and I'm just taking this in
the shade Chantilly underneath my eyes
and first of all I like to blend out
using my finger before then moving back
to that hourglass foundation brush which
kind of does everything really it's such
a good brush i han't done yeah I'm just
gonna blend out that concealer once
again on the other side and to set that
and using the Ben Nye neutral set
colorless powder and I just like to take
a light coating of this powder and
that's all that you need to blend out
and sets your concealer to finish up the
eyes I'm taking that 1985 pink shadow
and I'm just gonna run that along the
lower lash line and smoke that out
before going back to the deadbeat shade
and using a slightly damp brush I'm just
going to apply this on the lower lash
line and really smoke that into the pink
finish with a coat of mascara
next I'm taking a small amount of the
derma color camouflage cream and I'm
just going to conceal two little pesky
breakouts which are showing through my
foundation
for blush today I'm using the NYX motive
me ombre blush and I'm just applying
that onto my cheeks before following it
up with the wire sour Rouge volutes
shine in the shade 44 one of my absolute
favorite glossy nude lipsticks and
finally highlight I'm using the bombs
mary lou manizer to pull the whole look
together and i am applying this each
Naser weber rose gold fan brush
everybody always asks me what this brush
is and it is a zoeva brush i'll leave it
linked along with all the other products
in the description box down below so
yeah i'm just applying that onto the
highest points of my face so cheekbones
inner corners of my eyes nose Cupid's
bow you you guys kind of know the drill
and here's the finished look my full
coverage glitter glam makeup thank you
so much for watching I really hope you
enjoyed this video don't forget to
subscribe and I'll see you guys very
soon bye
