hi guys and welcome back today I'm going
to be talking you through my five
favorite ways to get glowing skin
whenever I post a picture of myself with
or without makeup it's always how do you
get your skin to look so good how do you
get your skin to look so glowy all have
the same kind of questions so I thought
maybe it was about time I sat down and
went through all of my five favorite
ways of doing that in one place so
without further ado let's jump straight
into it number one skincare now I'm sure
it goes without saying that if you want
to have that nice glowy bright skin then
skincare should be your first priority
when I developed adult acne I found it
really difficult to find the right
product that works for my skin it took
me a year but eventually I got there and
I found an amazing combination of
products that work for me one brand
stands out and that is ma Henriksen du
cr√©dit the three little wonders set as
having made the biggest impact on my
skin and haven't made a huge difference
to the quality of my skin how it looks
how it felt and most importantly how I
mentally felt about it too after my skin
improved quite a lot I kind of had a lot
more confidence to try new skincare
products and products that I haven't
tried before and one product for the
have in fact fallen in love with is the
almost dropped it typically on a hammock
scent power right set I absolutely love
this set especially for how it makes my
skin look and feel afterwards the power
bright is a 3-step system and that is to
polish brighten and glow your skin the
first step is to polish your skin using
the truth sugar glow polishing mask so
now I did mention it on snapchat a
couple of months ago because I do have
the full-sized version of that as well
it's a beautiful citrus scented sugar
scrub basically scoop a small amount out
massage that onto your skin and
you leave it there for five to ten
minutes when you're finished you
literally massage it away and because
the scrub element of it is made of sugar
it literally just dissolves step two is
the truth
25% bitumen seat concentrate I like to
think of it as like a brightening shots
for your face because it works wonders
on my skin so you basically apply it all
over your skin and you leave it there
for two to three minutes one of them go
ahead and apply it step 3
pure truth melting cleanser like that
straight over the top of the concentrate
and then leave that on for 10 to 15
minutes using the sponges that come with
the set gently remove that mask from
your face I absolutely love the power
brights at whether I have a big event or
I want to look good or I want to wait
minimal makeup I'll definitely make sure
to use this first because then I feel
like I'd get that inner glow coming up
through my skin if that makes sense at
all I don't know I am obsessed with this
product number two chemical exfoliator
zhh as I mentioned earlier I am a huge
fan of great skincare and another brand
that I have fallen in love with is pixi
by petra and in particular one product
that I find helps me get that beautiful
glowing skin look is the pixi by petra
glow tonic this is a chemical exfoliator
so it doesn't have that scrub action
like a physical exfoliant would instead
this contains a 5% glycolic acid mix and
what that will do is help to loosen any
dead skin cells and remove those it will
also help to smooth the appearance and
work on any fine lines or some damage
that you may have I think everyone wants
to have less lines less sun damage less
scarring or those kind of things I love
how this feels on my skin it does have
that kind of tingly vibe when you first
put it on personally I don't mind that
it feels great
it's incredibly easy to use
literally just swipe a cotton pad over
your skin and you are good to go
I wouldn't necessarily use it on the
same day that I would a physical
exfoliant I would switch them out on
different days but yeah I definitely
love this product and it's worth
checking out number three illuminating
primers another secret weapon that I
have when it comes to that dewy luminous
glowing skin look is an illuminating
primer here are a couple of primers you
can choose from and one of them in
particular stands out to me because I
feel like I've used it in so many videos
recently and that is the 17 skin Wow 3
Way highlighter now this can be used as
a highlighter on top of your makeup you
can just dab it onto the highest point
of your cheekbones but my personal
favorite way to use this product is to
use it underneath your foundation
because you could have the best skin
care routine in the world but if you
stick a really thick mattifying
foundation over the top then you kind of
ruined all your hard work of having a
great skin care routine because then
you're just going to see foundation now
what I personally like to do is to apply
a really illuminating primer underneath
my foundation and it might look a little
bit crazy when you first put it on
because you will be glowing like a disco
ball
but trust me and just go with it because
if you apply that on first and then
apply a full coverage foundation you do
actually still see the benefit of the
primer through the foundation and it
does lose that kind of matte consistency
slightly I don't think I've found the
foundation yet that it can't shine
through OOP and that's great you know
that is a good thing to me because I
want to look dewy and I want to look
radiant I don't want to look matte and
I'm not like dull and I don't want my
skin to look like foundation even if I'm
wearing laughs a bit I still want it to
look a little bit like skin in this
somewhere definitely worth checking this
one out and if you can't get this one
the NYX also do anime
illuminating primer suppose you wire
south so do so many other brands number
for highlighter you can have the best
skincare routine in the world you can
wear the best illuminating primer in the
world but you still might not be glowy
enough for your liking and if that
happens to you then you might want to
invest in a glow kit this is the Suites
glow kits from anastasia beverly hills i
think they have about four or five
different ones in the range now i feel
like they are so incredibly easy to use
they look beautiful and the shades are
suitable for so many different skin
tones kind of got to that stage now with
highlighter where I start really gently
and I'm like okay I'm gonna put it on
the highest point of my cheeks then I'm
gonna put it on my nose then my Cupid's
bow then my inner corner then above my
brows and I'm just I might as well just
put it all over my face I might as well
just do that because I feel like
sometimes I leave that and I'm just like
pin nothing wrong with that if that's
what you're going for there is
absolutely nothing wrong with that and
but yeah these highlighters are
incredible there are amazing pallets you
get so many different options and the
pigmentation is beautiful number five
eating right I admit that I do have a
little bit of a problem and that is that
I am obsessed with dessert and pizza and
pancakes and maybe also those really
buttery pretzels that you get in the
mall with black sesame seeds sprinkled
on the top sound good but the most
important thing for me is that I have
everything in moderation
I live on golden beige foods like two
three days I won't necessarily break out
but I do feel like my skin looks dull
and
I feel like it doesn't have that
beautiful glow to it then if I just ate
loads of vegetables except like
hydrating in the meals vegetables are
key for me for glowing skin lots of
healthy freshly prepared vegetables
freshly prepared fruits and I feel like
that makes a huge difference to my skin
I don't restrict myself I have it in
moderation you know I'm not going to eat
pizza five times a week and well I
probably have once in my life but you
know I'm not going to eat it like every
meal of every day if I have pizza on a
Friday night for example then I have
salad and and veggies and everything
else on a Saturday I'm gonna have both
in my life it's finding the right
balance that works for you and there we
go those are my five favorite ways to
get glowing skin thank you so much for
watching and I would love to hear your
suggestions on your favorite ways to get
glowing skin too so please do leave
those below in the comment section thank
you so much for watching I love you guys
don't forget to subscribe and I'll see
you guys soon bye
