hi guys and welcome back so I wanted to
do a really fun video today and I'm
going to be doing the $20 makeup
challenge
now I actually found this really
difficult because you don't have testers
in your drugstores in America what is up
with that as well as a few disaster
products there were a couple which stood
out and really it saves the day and save
the makeup look all of the makeup that
I'm using today came to the grand total
of nineteen dollars and fourteen cents I
really hope you enjoy this video don't
forget to subscribe so you can be
notified every time I post a new one and
yeah I hope you enjoy I didn't have
enough money for a primer in my twenty
dollar budget I also didn't have enough
money for a foundation brush so I'm
gonna be using my fingers today using
the Maybelline fit me matte and poreless
foundation and this is in the shade 110
King is quite dry at the moment and this
definitely hasn't held it has clung
slightly to the dry patches slightly to
light never mind I'm going to move on to
concealer and see how I get on with the
out concealer see ivory
oh my god it's so pink that is so pink
I don't know if you can see how pink
that is that is so bad I yeah I honestly
would not call that ivory it's pink it
looks like a salmon
it is a salmon pink but I'm gonna give
it again
hello for the best fly that under the
eyes it just looks like I've put blusher
under my eyes and try and cover up the
pinkness next I'm going to go in with
the alpha instant brow lift pencil
because I don't know I just feel like
this part really get any worse right now
please don't be horrible well that's not
actually too bad gonna go ahead and fill
in my brows using this elf pencil quite
like in that brow pencil so far my
foundation is too light my concealer is
being
my balls are okay so I've got that going
for me this is the sun-kissed glow
bronzer from Alf and I'm just gonna say
I'm gonna go ahead and cheat and I'm
gonna get an external brush this is from
crown brush I'm just going to apply this
bronzer using the brush and hope for the
best
bronzer is coming out quite orange which
ordinarily would be a bad thing but
because your foundation is too light
it's actually warming my skin up next
I'm gonna go ahead and apply the wet and
wild gloss nation intensely sparkly
glitter hopefully this can work as both
a highlighter and an eye shadow we kind
of need it too so pray for me please and
apply this using my finger and I'm just
kind of stopped that straight over the
lid okay what I definitely can't use
that as a highlight can I it's basically
just glitter I'm gonna take the
packaging and put that under my eye to
protect my eye from any fallout I'm
think I think I'm gonna switch to the
brush because there's more glitter on my
finger than there is on my eye right now
okay that's making it a little bit
better and take a small amount of scotch
tape and just use that to remove the
left over glitter that's on my skin can
get it to go on my actual eyelid but it
is both good job but getting it in the
under eye
yes now that I've removed that glitter
I'm gonna go in and add some mascara
this is the length line and defining
mascara by elf cosmetics it definitely
does define the lashes and for a dollar
it's actually better than some $20
mascara so I've tried next I'm going to
move on to the under eye area and I'm
going to use the sun kissed glow bronzer
I only have one brush and it's currently
covered in the really donkey work and
once it's tough I'm gonna have to use it
I don't really have anything else to use
wherever it chunky bit of goods I just
went in my eye
getting from bad to it I'm going back in
with the elf mascara just for the lower
lashes for lips today I have the NYC
liquid lip shine and this is in the
shade Brighton Beach peach let's give it
a shot and pray that by some miracle
it's actually gonna save this makeup
look I'll even open the packaging up to
a brave
why
and then I'm in aqua
I'm liking that I'm really impressed by
that now here's the predicament do I
risk it and try and use it as a
highlight or a blush or do I leave it I
know I'm gonna risk it and I'm gonna
give it a shot as a blush just gonna
dispense a small amount of that onto the
back of my hand like so then I'm just
gonna press it onto the apples of my
cheeks I'm also just going to touch that
on the creek of my nose and because this
can't get any weirder really can it I'm
going to use it as a highlighter and my
brow bones that is the finished $20
makeup look I feel like it started as a
really perhaps disaster like really
really bad I've gotta say that the NYC
liquid lip shine is totally pulled out
the bag if it wasn't for that this look
would have failed
absolutely miserably the things that I
was generally really impressed with
where the m.i.c liquid lip shine the was
it the alpha instant lift brow pencil
that quite impressed me and so typically
mascara to a certain extent I mean like
I've tried $20 mascara that do worse
jobs than this one did and this mascara
was only a dollar so yeah those three
were definitely kind of like the heroes
of this
Blackie wasn't wild glitter gunk
they call it an eye shadow I call it
just done I mean like this is like
somebody's mixed police out with not
even Vaseline but like I don't even know
what this is meant to be I have such
high expectations on this and it is Oh
Colin looks really pretty on the eyes
that's not the problem at all
Redbook is I've got more on my cheek so
I did on my actual eyelid and every time
I try and put more on I ended up taking
off the grizzled I painstakingly applied
and it's been like what five minutes
since I applied that and finally zoom in
and it's already massively creased on my
lids I don't know if you can see that
but yeah that is massively creased
already I do quite like that bronzer
from elf that was $2.00 it is quite
orange but because the foundation was
quite white and kind of saved it called
at the back and we just talked about the
elf ivory concealer for a minute because
I feel like this is possibly the worst
concealer I don't even know what is up
with this what they're thinking what
their thought process is I do not get it
I don't understand why is it so pink
that looks like salmon it was a slight
disaster but I hope you have fun
watching it and watching me literally
struggle to
her makeup today I literally felt
miserably let's face it you enjoyed it I
hope it entertained you and you had a
laugh you could make up should be fun
even if it fails miserably and it goes
horribly wrong it's fun and yeah if
you're gonna try this makeup look just
don't try it on a windy day because you
have sticky lip gloss all over your
cheek thanks for watching guys I hope
you enjoyed this video and yeah I'll see
you guys soon bye
