hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this easy
summer glam makeup look now this look is
all about that uber highlighted skin and
a real glossy red lip but if red is not
your color then don't despair because
you can still wear this look with a pink
or a nude or a move an orange a brown
whichever shade makes you feel good go
ahead and use that don't forget to hit
that subscribe button to be notified
every time I post a new video and let's
get started let's start by priming our
skin today I'm using the 17 3-way
highlighter and I'm going to use this to
prime my skin I'm just going to go ahead
and apply that all over my skin before
moving on to foundation full foundation
today I'm using the lorac perfection
foundation and this is in the shade PR
one this foundation is a medium
buildable coverage foundation and I find
that by applying my skin wire primer
underneath it it really does give you
that luminous glow through the
foundation and makes your skin look so
much more natural next I'm going to move
on to brows today I'm using the NYX brow
gel and this is in the shade brunette
and using the Primark Pierce brow gel
I'm just going to go ahead and set them
now that my brows are done I'm going to
move straight on to the eyes to prime my
lips and using the Mac Paint Pot in the
shade soft ochre eyes shadow today I'm
actually going to use the Anastasio glow
kit I'm going to take the shade
moonstone and apply that straight into
the crease I'm just applying the shade
bronze into the outer and inner corners
of my eyes I'm going to take the shade
summer and just press that into the
center of the lid
using the mix collection or glossy black
liner I'm just going to line my upper
lash line
for mascara today I'm using the pure
minerals
fully-charged mascara
poor lashes today I'm wearing the lash
ink number one lashes
using the Knicks sculpt and highlight
thick in the shade light I'm just going
to contour my skin and I'm going to
apply into the hollows of my cheeks my
forehead down the sides of my nose and
also below my chin and very gently I'm
going to start blending that in
using the Loreal the touch magic
illuminating pan I'm just going to start
highlighting my skin so I'm just
applying this on to my chin underneath
my cheekbones the under eye area and
also my forehead I'm also going to take
that down the center of my nose using
that same brush I'm just going to gently
Pat and then buff the concealer in to
conceal the under eye area I'm using the
NARS radiant creamy concealer
and using my finger I'm just going to
blend that in
to set my concealer and using the been
night neutral set colorless powder
I'm also going to take that powder on to
the areas where we applied concealer
earlier to add some warmth to my skin
I'm using the Marc Jacobs Omega bronze
palette that is huge like that is a huge
bronzer I'm also going to apply that
using the Marc Jacobs bronze blusher
brush or bronzer brush which whichever
you want to call it I feel like this
looks like more of a microphone than a
bronzer brush
so I'm just very gently going to add
this just to the areas where we
contoured earlier and this will it'll
add a slight contour but it will also
warm up the skin and get that real
summer glow going for blush today I'm
going back to the Anastasio Sun dipped
glow kit and I'm going to take the
shades tourmaline which is like a pinky
bronzy tone so I'm just going to go
ahead and use my Real Techniques blush
brush and apply that to the apples of my
cheeks out towards my temples let's go
back to the eyes and finish off the
lower lash line taking the shade bronze
I'm going to run this along the inner
and outer corners of the lower lash line
I'm just gonna run that shade actually
the whole way along the lower lash line
as a touch of mascara to the lower
lashes
and finish up with a touch of the shade
summer in the tear duct
taking that same shade summer I'm just
going to highlight the highest points of
my cheeks the tip my nose my Cupid's bow
and slightly above my brows
very small amount of the Kryolan derma
color I'm just going to conceal this one
little breakout here which keeps showing
through using the jarred cosmetics lip
liner in the shade inmortal I'm just
going to line my lips
and for lipstick and using the YSL rouge
pocket or in the shade zero one and take
in a small amount of that Kryolan derma
color on a concealer brush I'm just
going to go ahead and sharpen up my lips
and here's the finished look my easy
summer glam makeup look thank you so
much for watching I really hope you
enjoyed this video and there is
definitely a lot of glow happening today
I feel like I'm just glowing from a mile
off but I'm not complaining I'm
definitely loving the glow and the
glossy red lip let me know which
products that you are loving for summer
right now in the comment section below
because I would love to incorporate some
of your favorite products into my next
video thank you so much for watching I
really hope you enjoyed this video don't
forget to hit that subscribe button and
I'll see you again soon bye
