hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through this vibrant glitter
smokey eyed look so let's get started
starting with the Laura Mercier
foundation primer I'm just going to prep
my skin ready for foundation today I'm
using the Laura Mercier candle glow soft
luminous foundation this is the very
first time I've tried this foundation
and I do have to say that I liked the
finish effect if you're looking for full
coverage this is not the foundation for
you but it does have such a beautiful
natural level of coverage for the brows
I'm using the NYX eye brow gel in the
shades brunettes this is one of my
favorite drugstore brow products I'm
just lining my brows using my Anastasia
eyebrow brush and I'm just gonna start
filling them in and just blending them
out using the spoolie end of that brush
using the NARS radiant creamy concealer
I'm just gonna prep my lips ready for
eyeshadow today I'm using the modern
renaissance palettes from anastasia
beverly hills starting with the shade
tempura I'm just going to just use this
as a base to get a nice flawless color
to start off with next I'm moving on to
beyond fresco and I'm going to use this
as our transition shades today now I
don't have much lip space so I'm gonna
take it up as high as I can if you have
more lip space don't be afraid to just
go for it next I'm taking the shade love
lighter and I'm just going to roll that
into the deepest part of the crease as
well as in the inner and outer corner of
the eye to give a halo effect this is
one of my favorite shadows in this
entire palette
to intensify the eyes I'm taking the
shades Venetian red and once again I'm
going to apply that into the inner and
the outer corner of my eyes now take
your time and build this color up slowly
that way you'll get a nice even coverage
and a really intense look exactly where
you want it I'm just going to blend out
that entire shadow using a crown c-44
one brush which is an amazing dupe of a
Mac 217 taking the shade of the mir on a
flat shader brush I'm just going to tap
that into the center of my lid and now
that our shadow is done let's move on to
the fun part I'm taking the NYX glitter
primer and the porcelain the size three
glitter from lit cosmetics and I'm just
gonna go ahead and apply that into the
center of my lid I frickin adore glitter
if I could use it every day then I
totally would I did get quite a lot of
fall outs from the glitter today and I
didn't wear my shadow shield so I've
taken some of the LA roche-posay
micellar water on a cotton pad and I'm
just gonna go ahead and clean that off
next up eyeliner taking the darkside
stick gel liner from Anastacio I'm just
gonna go ahead and line my upper lash
line
and for mascara my go-to Maybelline lash
sensational I'm just going to apply a
small coated fist on my upper lashes
before moving on to false lashes today
and wearing the Lilly ghalichi glam
collection and these are the Beverly
Hills false lashes
next I'm going back to that dark side
liner and I'm going to just emphasize
over that lash line in case any glue is
still showing through as white now that
my eyes are done let's go back to
foundation I'm taking the Laura Mercier
candle glow foundation and just reapply
into the under eye area after I did
remove some using micellar water to
clear up the glitter to contour today
I'm using the Daniel Sandler Riviera
cream blusher and I love using this the
contour because it's such a natural
light product to use build it up slowly
and it is the perfect shade for summer
using the L'Oreal True Match touch magic
I'm just going to add some lightness to
the center of my face mainly in the
under eye area at my forehead the center
of my nose and also my chin I'm just
gonna once again blend that out first of
all I'm gonna try it with a brush before
moving on to my fingers because it's
actually easier with this product
and for the ultimate under-eye coverage
the NARS radiant creamy concealer in the
shade Chantilly I'm just going to apply
this in the deepest part of my under eye
circles and then blend that out using my
finger and to set my concealer I'm using
the Ben Nye neutral set colorless powder
this is one of my favorite powders of
all time and it beats so many expensive
brands definitely check this out
let's finish off the under eye area
using the buon fresco shade I'm going to
apply this to the lower lash line and
then I'm going to lay down some
translucent powder before moving on to
that beautiful vibrant pink shade when
you sweep away the powder you will also
sweep away any excess fallout from the
eye shadow it's such a handy trick once
again back to that porcelain glitter
from lit cosmetics I'm applying this to
the center part of the under eye area
finish up with the coat of mascara
finally I'm taking the mirror into the
tear duct area to apply a beautiful
highlight and bring the whole look
together
let's move on to blush I'm using the NYX
Cosmetics mouth meat blush and I'm
applying this to the apples of my cheeks
followed by the Anastasio sunkissed glow
kit I'm taking the shades summer and
just applying this to the highest points
of my cheeks now I did actually swap
brush whilst doing this because I wasn't
feeling the upper one sometimes you've
just got to know when to cook for lips
today I'm taking the shade tango from
the new Anastasio summer lip gloss
collection and I'm just applying that
all over my lips before moving on to the
shade San Tropez and this I'm just
going to apply into the center of my
lips and here's the finished look my
vibrant glitter smokey eyes makeup look
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this video don't forget
to subscribe I'll see you guys soon bye
