hi guys and welcome back today I'm
showing you how to do this prom makeup
look don't forget to subscribe and if
you want to find out how to do this look
just keep watching starting with the
pixi by petra hydrating and milky mist
I'm just going to spritz my face and
then apply my primer this is the NYX HD
studio photogenic primer I'm just
applying that all over my skin just to
make sure that my foundation lasts all
night
using the Elizabeth Arden brow net brow
pencil I'm just going to fill in my
brows kind of feeling a pencil when my
brows are slightly thicker so I'm going
to give this a go and then using a clean
angled brush I'm just going to wipe off
any excess just to sharpen those brows
I'm going to prep my lips using the
Urban Decay Naked skin concealer and
then I'm moving straight on to my shadow
shield so these really do help protect
the under eye area from any fallout from
glitter or dark pigments for eyeshadow
today I'm using the Urban Decay Naked 3
and taking the shade strange just to set
that concealer and following that with
limit into the crease as a transition
color this will really help us out with
our blending when we move into the
darker shades next up it's dark side and
I'm going to use this to intensify that
crease and I'm just following around the
natural eye contour and just making a
slight point on the end
take in the showed black heart and once
again intensifying that crease using it
clean the brush to blend out the edges
before taking the black shade from the
Maybelline nudes palette then I'm using
more of like a pointed liner brush for
this just to intensify once again in the
deepest part of that crease this
eyeshadow isn't as pigmented as I would
have liked so I'm gonna go over the last
step again just to really get that black
more well black back to that urban decay
concealer and I'm gonna apply this
directly onto the lid
this will act as a slight cut crease
especially in that inner corner you can
clean this area up first using in my
cellar water or if you're lazy like me
go straight in with a concealer follow
that with the shades trick this is a
really pretty shimmery pink shadow next
up is my favorite it's the NYX face and
body glitter in the shade rose this
glitter is so beautiful and I've been
waiting to use this since I got it when
I went to LA it's so beautiful and I'm
just using the NYX glitter adhesive to
help apply this then I'm going back to
the black shade from the Maybelline the
nudes palette just to help blend
everything in together and using the elf
brightening eyeliner pencil to just line
my upper lashline and for mascara the
Maybelline lash sensational now it's
time to remove those shadow shields so
gently peel them away being careful of
your skin then move on to eyeliner this
is the bodyshop skinny felt liner you
can literally use any eyeliner to do
this this was just the one that was
closest to me so I'm using this one
today for lashes I'm using the lily
lashes Gallucci glam and I think these
are the doha lashes if you're going to
go out and buy fancy lashes prom night
is the one for foundation today the
lorac perfection and this is in the
shade PR one I really like how this
foundation looks on this
in I find it long-lasting on my
combination skin and it's just that
right level of doing us without looking
greasy to contour today I'm using the
NYX one stick in the shades light I
actually think this is quite a good dupe
for the Anastasia thick cream contour
kit it's a very very similar shade and
it's a fraction of the price so if you
are looking for an affordable cream
contour product for pale skin or like
lighter skin tones then this could be
the one for you obviously the highlight
side is too dark so bear that in mind
but the contour side is really good The
Naked skin concealer to highlight and
conceal today I'm applying that to my
under eye area my forehead chin down the
center of my nose and two little pesky
breakouts then I'm using my damp Real
Techniques miracle complexion sponge to
blend that out
to set that I'm using the NYX HD studio
finishing powder and I'm just applying
that to the under eye area
and any places where we applied
concealer finishing off the under eye
area using that black hot shadow and you
can mix this with some of just the plain
black as well then I'm going back to the
elf eyeliner just to line my lower lash
line and finish up with some mascara
for blush I'm going to sweep the soft
rosy L'Oreal blush sculpt all over my
cheeks for the lips I'm using the Mac
pink plaid lipstick which was actually
the very first MAC lipstick I ever
bought following that with the Tarte
energy lip gloss this is just a clear
lip glass use anything that you want to
or have and to highlight the Anastasio
star light illuminator and yes I know
who that there is a giant crack in there
I feel like I'm still crying about it
internally but I'll get over it
so I've just applied this to the highest
point of my cheeks my nose and also the
tear duct area moving on to hair this is
a really quick 5-minute hairstyle that
you can do if you run at a time and
you'll running late for prom so first of
all I've just pinned up the shorter
layers of my hair and then I'm using my
straightener so these are the GHD
platinum stylist and I'm just going to
use those to curl my hair extensions
I'm just running the straighteners
through it and twisting them just to get
that curly hair I just brush through
everything to make sure it's soft and
then do a little bit of Rouge in and
here's the finished look my prom night
makeup look thank you so much for
watching I really hope you enjoyed this
look don't forget to subscribe and I'll
see you guys soon bye hi guys and
welcome back after like this skincare
video last year I know a few of you guys
were slightly disappointed that I didn't
have more drugstore or affordable
skincare brands in there so I wrote up a
big list of drugstore singer brands that
I wanted to try and test boo you guys
