hi guys and welcome back so I think any
loads requests recently I'll skin about
skin care what I'm currently using on my
skin what I've changed all of those
questions so I thought maybe it was
about time that I sat down and films an
updated skincare video for you all over
the past year I seem to have discovered
the kind of like ratio of products that
seemed to work for my skin and my skin
has now gone from this to this
let's start by covering the basics I'm
vegetarian I don't drink alcohol the
only time I have dairy in my diet is if
it's an ingredient in a food item a cake
or something I will eat it
but if it's a glass of milk not going to
happen if it's a poached or a fried egg
not going to happen but if the egg is
inside a cake I will eat the cake does
that make sense I hope so I am NOT
currently taking Roaccutane because I
cannot take it simple as I have nothing
against it if rocky Dane is the option
for you and you've researched and you
think it's a good option do what you
need to do my skin type is usually
combination I get quite oily in the
t-zone area here but this winter I have
noticed that my skin has been more dry
than I'm usually used to so I've kind of
introduced new products into my routine
to help combat that I am NOT a
dermatologist I cannot guarantee that
these products will work for you these
are the products that I love to use they
make me feel go to using them they make
my skin feel good I'm really happy with
where I've got them without further ado
let's start talking about skincare one
of my favourite products to use is the
pixie nourishing cleansing balm if
you've seen my previous skincare videos
and you should definitely recognize this
one because this is amazing this is my
favorite way to take my makeup off every
night I mean like this stuff gets rid of
liquid lipstick dipbrow liquid eyeliner
waterproof mascara it really does get
rid of all I makeup
glitter it can get like glitter off it
just never ceases to amaze me so I will
literally just grab maybe like a 2 pence
10 pounds a quarter-sized amount of this
and I'll just use it to take off the
first layer of makeup my only negative
would be you don't get much product in
the tub at the top is 90 milliliters and
I buy this for 20 pounds I think is and
in America it is $18 in Target this
product is quite rich and I wouldn't
want to have this left on my skin
overnight so I use this as a first
cleanse and then I follow it up with
another cleanser I like to think of
cleansers as the first product takes my
makeup off and the second product
cleanses my skin and there were two
different cleansers I like to swap in
and out interchangeably
after using that first cleanse the first
one you may recognize from my previous
skincare videos and that is the
Antipodes Juliet skin brightening gel
cleanser the pros on these skin
brightening cleanser is I definitely do
feel like my skin is fully cleansed
after using it it feels fresh it feels
great it doesn't feel raw it doesn't
feel like it's in pain after using this
and it smells amazing whilst you're
cleansing your skin which is always a
bonus I like to smell like green apples
and kiwi fruit and oh my god it smells
so good negatives on this I guess would
be that it's brown
nobody likes putting brown gel on their
face I can get over that because it
smells good the other negative I guess
is that it is on the pricey side and to
buy it in stores can be a little bit of
a hassle I would order it online if you
don't have a Whole Foods or Planet
organic or Selfridges near you I would
order it online generally I'll use the
Juliet skin brightening gel cleanser
most nights the next two products on the
list are once I have recently introduced
and I fell
after I started using these products for
around three weeks the amount of emails
and messages and just notifications that
I had of people asking me what I had
changed in my skincare routine was
insane you guys know if I add something
new into my routine because you're like
what have you done differently you've
changed something your skin looks
amazing please tell me what you're using
first product that I added in was the
pixie skin treat glow mud cleanser and
the reason that I interchange it is that
it's got a 5% glycolic acid in there
essentially supposed to detox your skin
as much as I hate that phrase but it
basically draws out any crap that you
may have under the skin brewing under
there having a little party it draws
that out and radiates your skin that is
a really loud siren
so go what I love about this product is
that it definitely makes my skin
brighter it definitely makes my skin
glow and I feel like my skin is clearer
after using it my only negatives with
this product is that I feel like it
doesn't do enough sometimes on the
blackheads on my chin and my nose they
do still remain it's our miracle worker
you know I don't expect one product to
cure everything because there is no
miracle product but this one I
definitely do notice a difference using
and I feel like I'm gonna keep using it
because I love it and it works for me
the next new product on my list is the
pixie skin treats glow tonic I like to
use this on a cotton pad I generally buy
mine from Muji because I like the
squareness and I like I say square it's
rectangle and I'll just apply it all
over my skin avoiding the eye area
I'll only really use it around twice or
three times a week feel like my skin
couldn't handle using it every day
especially with the acid in there so
I'll use it a couple of times a week or
as I see fit
I have noticed the difference after
using it and you guys have noticed the
difference after me using it as well I
really wanted to start using this
product quite a while ago but I was
actually recommended to wait until my
skin was in better condition before I
introduced it so it wouldn't irritate my
skin and when I got to that stage I
introduced this and then I feel like it
boosted it up to another level and it
just gave me that new radiance that I
didn't have before the next product on
my list is a physical exfoliator and it
is the Antipodes reincarnation pure
facial exfoliator there is nothing that
I don't like about this product however
I kind of don't need to use it as much
anymore because I've been used in the
chemical exfoliates and I don't want to
over exfoliate my skin because then I
would be skin loss I only really use it
maybe once a week now maybe once every
10 days and
is mainly just to get rid of any dry or
flaky skin that a washcloth can't remove
or that my facial Gore's can't remove so
I'll just use this just to encourage
those extra little flaky bits to just do
one and drop off there are three
moisturizers that I use on a daily basis
I have two day creams and one night
cream first day cream which you may
recognize from one of my previous
skincare videos is the Antipodes vanilla
pods hydrating day cream so this is a
light but intensive facial day cream
with pure botanical extracts and I love
how this feels on my skin I feel like my
makeup sits nicer and lasts better
throughout the day because my skin is
more hydrated and it's going to get less
blotchy and less patchy because there's
that really nice richness there my
negative on this cream is it kind of
smells like pseudo creme so it smells a
little bit like a nappy cream I think
that's because of the vanilla in it
if you can get past that then it's
definitely worth checking it out and
having a little go on this I love this
cream my skin loves this cream and I'm
going to keep using it sometimes my skin
feels like it doesn't need the intense
hydration from the vanilla pods day
cream so I like to use the rejoice light
facial day cream which is also from
Antipodes I find this cream really easy
to use is light you just pop it on and
off you go it doesn't give you that
intense hydration like the vanilla pod
day cream does but it's not designed to
do that it's just a light moisturizer
that you can use every day or if you
feel like your skin doesn't need too
much that day then this could be a good
one to use in terms of night cream
there's only really one that I'm using
currently and those down tivities
avocado pear nourishing night cream it
doesn't really smell like avocado to me
it kind of smells more kind of smells
like more like pasta with olive oil on
it like spaghetti tossed in olive
well that's kind of what it smells like
to me it's really weird I don't know why
it's so oddly specific um but that's
kind of what it smells like to me it's
super silky to use I love how it makes
my skin feel and I know that when I use
it and I wake up in the morning my face
isn't a grease mess it feels good it
feels calming and my skin gets on
incredibly well with it seems like every
product that I am trying from this brand
seems to be working for my skin and
obviously it goes without saying I'm not
being paid to say this even if I was
being paid I would still be honest and
say that's crap that's good but the
thing is I love these products I've
tested them for months and they work
incredibly well on my skin
the next product Oh kind of what I like
to think of is my secret weapons and I
called them that because I know that if
I use them in the evening before I go to
sleep when I wake up in the morning they
will definitely be a difference in my
skin
the downside with that is I try not to
use them too often so my skin doesn't
get used to them and it freaks out and
stops working
that would be like worst case scenario
to add these products in maybe once a
week and Sunday night is always a good
night to do a little bit of a pamper
routine at home and these are the
products that I like to use first base
mask is the Antipodes or manuka honey
mask you may have seen this in my winter
skincare pamper routine video if I use
this by the time I wake up in the
morning my redness or my breakouts would
have calmed massively
and I don't know what it does why this
works so well but my skin adores this
face mask and it just as wonders for me
and the final product on my list is the
pixi nourishing sleep mask this is a
super intensive moisturizing face mask
that you leave on overnight instead of
using my avocado pea night cream I'll
use the nourishing sleep mask instead
and that works really well for me if I
want to have a radical
front in my skin come morning time it's
the aura and the nourishing sleep masks
together these two boom good skin by
morning time that seems to work for me
obviously it's not going to cure
everything but it does make a visible
difference to my skin by the morning so
there we have it that is my current
updated skincare routine and those are
all the products that I have been using
on my skin over the past couple of
months it obviously has its faults there
are things missing there I haven't found
a permanent SPF that I love to use on a
daily basis just yet and I also haven't
found a perfect eye cream that I like to
use in a daily basis yeah if you've seen
my previous skincare video then you may
be wondering where one of the brands
that I used in that video has gone and
only have mixin isn't in my current
skincare routine and there's no real
reason for it to be honest they haven't
done anything they haven't upset me the
skincare products still work I have just
kind of naturally progressed over to
this kind of routine and I found myself
reaching for the Olay products less and
less I still love
Alejo mixin I just don't feel like it's
necessary in my routine right now
because my skin routine is quite
balanced if you have any suggestions for
eye creams or SPF that you think I
should try or you think that I might
like then please do let me know in the
comment section below and thank you so
much for watching I hope you enjoyed
this video I hope it wasn't too rambling
and I hope it actually made sense
because I'm not sure if it did at all in
the slightest thank you so much for
watching don't forget to give this video
a huge thumbs up and don't forget to
subscribe I'll see you guys soon bye
