hi guys and welcome back today I'm
showing you how to do this Lady Gaga
inspired red glitter smokey eye I've
already moisturized my skin so let's get
straight into the brows today I'm using
the fab brows chocolate brown powder to
just fill in my brows now I do hate the
packaging on this products but the
product itself is actually quite good
and that's all that matters and to hold
them in place the wire style brow
catcher mascara and to prime my eyes the
Mac Paint Pot in the shade soft okay you
guys know this is my favorite and to set
that the Sephora colorful matte
eyeshadow in the shade line 207 because
we're using glitter today I'm going to
use my shadow shields if you don't have
these you could just use sellotape
instead next up the Sephora red carpet
number 40 colorful matte shadow I'm
applying this straight into the crease
and I'm buffing it out slightly but not
too much because we don't want this is a
blown out smoky eye take your time and
build up that color slowly use the
shadow shields to help you get the shape
now that we have our transition shadow
nails let's move on to the sleek own
natural palette and I'm using this
burgundy shadow just to intensify that
outer corner of my eye Vargas had a
really nice darkness to the corner of
her eye and that's what we're working
towards here buff it out and then go
along the crease as well to get that
nice shade before moving straight onto
this black shadow just to once again
intensify that outer corner be very
careful not to go too hard with the
black build it up slowly and use very
small amounts buffed it out and make
sure that it all looks quite smooth
now that we have our shadows nailed
let's move on to the glitter to apply my
glitter I'm using the Sephora glitter
guard eyeshadow primer now you guys know
that I usually use the lit cosmetics
splitter base but I thought I'd try
something different and I'm really not
feeling this one so I would definitely
say go for the lit little base over this
one
today's glitter is the Kryolan bright
red glitter and I'm just applying this
using a flat shader brush and I'm taking
my time to build this up slowly don't go
higher than the crease with this just
take your time and filled up that color
make sure you get it down to the inner
corner and also extend it out into it
kind of like a wing shape at the outer
edge of the eye going back to that black
shadow from the sleek palette I'm taking
a very small blending brush just to
intensify the outer edge once more I
want to have a slight bit of darkness on
the outer edge and just to define that
crease so it's not just like a red blob
on our eye taking the pixi endless silky
eye pen in the shade black I'm just
going to line my upper waterline this is
a really soft eyeliner so it will
definitely come in useful for getting
over that glitter and for mascara the
Maybelline lash sensational waterproof
mascara I'm just applying a small coat
of those to prep my lashes before we add
on some falsies today and we're in the
Bohemian Princess lashes from House of
lashes and I'm using a white lash glue
so I don't screw it up and get black
lash glue everywhere now that our eyes
are done it's time to remove these
shadow shields and because today I was
using a dry glitter onto a tacky lash
adhesive I do have quite a lot of
fallout with glitter across my nose and
the sides of my cheeks so I'm just gonna
go ahead and clean that up before moving
on to priming my skin using the pixie
flawless and poreless primer Lady Gaga's
skin looked flawless and this is one of
my favorite bases to use if I want to
have that perfected look to my
using the LA roche-posay thermal water
I'm just going to dampen my Beauty
Blender to apply my charlotte tilbury
magic foundation I'm wearing this
foundation in shade to make sure that
you swatch it and check it in store and
in natural light if you are super
ghostly pale because chances are it
might be too dark for concealer the
derma color quintet and this is the dq1
palette I'm taking shade D 1w and shared
D for mixing those together and just
pressing that using my finger over those
blemishes and then I'm blending that out
using my damp Beauty Blender once again
to contour I'm using the make up
forevers Pro scoped in palettes this is
a fallen one face contouring palette now
they actually sent this to me in the
mail but they sent me the tan version it
but I'm gonna persevere anyway because I
really want to try it and I'm actually
quite liking it it's very very easy to
blend out and you can see I'm just using
my damp Beauty Blender and it blends so
easily just a shame it's not really the
right shade for my skin tone but kind of
loving it anyway
I'm going back into contour those cheeks
once more because Gaga slick had a
really defined cheeks and I kind of want
Halla good cheekbones you know and the
highlight I'm using the NARS radiant
creamy concealer in the shade
Chantilly I'm applying this onto my chin
my forehead my nose underneath my
cheekbones and the under eye area and to
blend that out and use in my damp at
Real Techniques sponge and my fingers oh
my god I just realized I've been calling
it a Beauty Blender when it's actually a
miracle complexion sponge Batman idiot
but anyway I'm just gonna carry on at
blending that using my Real Techniques
sponge and then for my under eye area
and pressing it in using my finger and
then softly blend in the edges out using
that sponge that kind of gives you that
flawless look and to set that I'm using
the NYX HD studio finishing powder and
I'm applying this fist to the under eye
area and then I'm gonna go over the
whole face because in the pictures that
I saw Gaga had like quite a matte ski in
it so that's what I'm aiming for today
and for blush I'm using the Zoe burnt
nude spectrum palette and I'm taking
those onto the outer edges of my
cheekbones with our base done I'm just
going to finish off the under eye area
with that burgundy shadow to smoke out
the lower lash line and I'm also going
to use that black shadow to intensify it
finish with a coat of mascara and to
highlight I'm using the Anastasio gleam
glow kit and taking the shade crushed
pearl this I'm going to apply on to the
tops of my cheeks bring the whole look
together and I really feel like
highlighter really does set off and
finish a look and basically when you
think you're glowing enough add more you
can always add more
always and finally the NYX summer fruits
lipstick this shades is just so easy to
wear it's one of those run out the door
grab a lipstick shades but it looks so
nice in this look and here's the
finished look
my lady gaga inspired red glitter smokey
eye thank you so much for watching I
really hope you enjoyed this video
and I'll see you soon fine hi guys and
welcome back today I'm talking you
through how to do this hot pink makeup
look so let's get started
