hi guys and welcome back today I'm
showing you how to do this easy matte
makeup tutorial let's jump straight into
it starting with the collection primed
and ready powered by which mattifying
pore minimizer I'm applying a pea-sized
amount all over my skin especially
concentrated in oily areas this contains
the witch hazel extract from which skin
care and it also mattifies your skin and
helps to prolong your makeup we're
moving on to foundation this is the
collection lasting perfection foundation
and I'm applying that using my miracle
complexion sponge this is a great medium
coverage foundation and if you like the
concealer from this range then
definitely check this one out too as
it's so long-lasting and affordable next
up concealer this is the last
imperfection concealer from collection
as you may have seen this in my top 5
concealer videos I'm just applying this
using a brush and then very gently if
feathering that out before finishing by
blending using my finger this creates a
really long-lasting natural looking
finish and it's so easy to use with our
base done let's move on to the eyes
using the NYX brow gel in the shade
brunette I'm going to start filling in
my brows using an angled liner brush I
do have a detailed brow tutorial if
that's helpful but here's the quick fit
in any way and to carve them out you can
use the remaining concealer from your
concealer brush next up eyes shadow this
is the cool spectrum palette from zoeva
I'm taking this base shade onto my lid
and just bringing that slightly up to
below my brows followed by this white
shade this will act as a highlight and
I'm applying it to the highest point
using this peach tone shadow I'm going
to add some extra definition to the
crease and contour of my eye
this will definitely come in useful for
blending later
followed by this vibrant purple
eyeshadow I'm applying this to the outer
corner and into the deepest part of the
crease using a smaller brush take your
time on this and build up the color
slowly and finally this matte black
shadow to really intensify that outer
corner once again using a small brush
and blend it out slowly for eyeliner I'm
using the Clinique pretty easy liquid
eyeliner pen I get asked about my
favorite liners all the time and this
Clinique one is very similar to the
artist of makeup one and for mascara and
wearing the Charlotte Tilbury fall fad
lashes and for false lashes I'm wearing
the kiss chic lashes with our eyes done
it's time to finish up to the under eye
area I'm using the collection lasting
perfection concealer just the height and
the dark circles that I have so I'm just
applying that under my eyes
and then using my ring finger or my
makeup sponge to just blend that out
softly into my foundation also onto my
chin the tip of my nose and my forehead
and once again blend in back out softly
one of the great things about this
concealer is it has many different uses
moving on to contouring I'm using my
favorite contour product the Anastacio
powder contour kit and taking the shade
a fawn I'm applying this into the
hollows of my cheeks using the Real
Techniques contour brush I'm also
bringing this onto the top of my
forehead
and publisher I'm using those uber nude
spectrum palette and just applying that
blush I use in my studio tan brush
before finishing the under eye area
using a touch more eye shadow and a coat
of mascara all that's left to do is just
work on those lips today I'm using the
Clinique a sweet spot and this is the
shade candied cassis and applying that
using my finger and here's the finished
look
my easy mattes makeup look thank you so
much for watching guys I really hope you
enjoyed this video don't forget to give
this video a huge thumbs up and don't
forget to subscribe I'll see you guys
soon bye
hi guys and welcome back today I'm
showing you how to do this green smokey
eye and glowing skin
