so I may have lost my voice and I've got
a little bit of a husky thing going on
never mind I'm in the Maldives and I'm
here with Benefit Cosmetics is part of
their worldwide launch for their bad
girl bang mascara which launched today
just bounced out of the launch party
grab my rocket backpack and thought I'd
come down and give you guys my first
impressions on the latest mascara this
is a mascara which is apparently out of
this world it's only one way to find out
let's try it let's test it so let's get
stuff I never owned a rocket before so
I'm not really sure how you open it and
we're gonna go for the zip save that
girl say I even know if you guys can see
how bright and neon these are so bright
and neon but we've got a pair of glasses
little pamphlet and this says bad girl
bad 36-hour full blast of volumizing
mascara I'm seriously not gonna do this
whole video where I cut feeling the vibe
that benefit is going for in this
packaging can--it edgy kind of cool but
still can it still benefit side of the
box got like this kind of office circuit
board pattern and then on the upper
sides of the box here we have this
planner I guess I'm just gonna call that
a lungi it's an intense pitch black
mascara
it has Pro vitamin b5 known to fuel
thickness and strength I mean I didn't
know that it's much proof and flake 3
that is a big claim I swear I could
freaking smudge like any mascara and
nobody will tell me sometimes I can fix
it water-resistant maybe that's why
we're in the multi dream line to easily
reach roots to take all of the corner
upper and lower lashes gravity defying
formula massive volume without weighing
down lashes a 36-hour full blast volume
bad girl bang mascara also says that it
contain aero particle I have no idea
what aero particles are and I like to
think that I read quite a lot of science
articles but apparently not enough it is
one of the lightest
known materials and it was also used in
astronauts spacesuits and now mascara
now the front of the box has some big
and bold claim this packaging makes it
kind of difficult to read 90% saw
dramatic volume and 92% said that it
lengthen flashes that's kind of like the
dream though I'm super excited to try it
let's open the box and let's find out
exactly what we've got I like playing me
nothing is in the bag
packaging that can't standard a matte
black finish a lid on the other hands
totally reminds me of my teenage kind of
emo slightly edgy slightly bad girl vibe
Stallone about 10 black biker jackets
and those studs definitely reminds me of
my favorite one
oh mama truth guys so dude that reminds
me of the Maybelline colossal big shot
so I said I liked the tape madness of
the brush kind of reminds me of that one
worry with this type of brush is I'm so
freaky clumsy the almost on a daily
basis I end up stabbing myself in the
eye with a mascara wand and it's always
like a silicone kind of want like this
that does it we do have a taper from
fats to thin on the end and that thin
side could be really really useful for
getting your lower lashes I kind of
always struggle with transfer from lower
lashes to my under eye area and
sometimes maybe in the morning I
struggle with transfer from my upper
lashes onto my
let's try it out kind of nervous you're
gonna get that right in there on those
roots
one thing I will say straight away is
because it has that tapered edge I don't
feel like I'm gonna hit maybe then
actually dude I don't have a little lip
space and that happens more often than I
like to admit but I'm kind of feeling
that so far
a little bit clumpiness happening in
this middle section where I don't have
many lashes
I mean that's quite a big difference
gonna add on another one and let's see
how that builds up because apparently
you can build it up with more than one
layer
I've hurt myself in our I mean it was
never too cold wasn't ready we have a
little bit of Columbanus
happening here that's probably because I
don't have many lashes they had a tragic
accident recently with some eyeliner
that's two layers of mascara on that eye
and aside from the fact that I poked
myself in the eye which I do with most
mascaras especially silicone TAC
actually think that's quite good
oh we're going over ball and pull it
straight up and Barris
it has actually done a really good job
but I'm seriously not just saying that
that it's actually done quite a good job
you can see how much of volume that is
building at the base there cuz I'm at
one in it I definitely feel like
that in turn is giving you that almost
kind of upper waterline eyeliner look as
well which always makes your lashes look
fuller than they actually are the love
that it achieves that I'm just going to
go for it on the lower lashes and pray
that it works so it's definitely easier
to get in your brush in there in those
outer corners it's the inner corner that
can sometimes cause a little bit of a
grow feel like it and literally lifted
them up for like one swoop
I'm like I'm seriously fresco you've got
a little bit of clumpiness happening on
the outer edges by here maybe put a
little bit of a clump happening on this
lush hair like totally skip to the
middle section of the eye and it's
giving me a touch on the roots and a
touch on the end but that lash did not
want to apply in the middle
now that I've applied the bad girl bang
to both my upper and lower lashes let's
talk about how that one I definitely do
feel like my upper lashes are more
volume eyes it's given me a waterline
eyeliner effect to those upper lashes as
well which I am totally okay with
because that kind of saves a whole
makeup step just fucking looking at them
I can definitely say that they are
standing out and I would feel so
confident going to any kind of event and
kind of meet in a day to party without
wearing any false lashes and I know for
some people that's a really big deal for
me personally a few years ago I get
really stressed that purported going up
without any lashes because I felt that I
needed to weigh them but with this
skaara it's kind of giving me more
lashes than some fake lashes do and I am
just I liked it I think I think it's
good products and Jean I'm so surprised
I never wish for products to fail and I
never wish for products to do that but
I'm really really surprised at how much
I like it
and I'm literally not just saying that
because I'm in the Maldives I'm saying
it because my lashes look bloody Kurds
you've been watching my channel for a
while then you will totally know the
types of mascara and false lashes that I
usually like to wear and I do feel like
the bad girl bang can cap slide right in
there and find its way into my mascara
library first impressions I'm feeling it
I don't know about other people because
I literally haven't seen anybody else to
use it and I'm really impressed of how
those lashes look so in terms of first
impressions you nailed it benefit yes
not so sure in the lower lashes there we
go guys that is it those are my first
impressions on the benefits bad girl
bang mascara those were my thoughts and
I would love to hear yours so please do
let me know in the comment section down
below what did you think would you try
it would you buy it did you like how it
looked
is it worth the hype is it just average
or not for you let me know thank you so
much for watching please do make sure
you hit that subscribe button and I'll
see
very soon back
