hi guys and welcome back today I'm
showing you how to do this brown smokey
eye and vibrant orange lip look I was
browsing Instagram the other day and I
came across this amazing picture of
Ashley Benson so this is my Ashley
Benson inspired look I really hope you
enjoyed this look and thank you so much
for watching to start I'm going to prime
my face this is the Marc Jacobs coconut
primer my skin feels incredibly dry at
the moment and this week it's incredibly
stressed so my skin is definitely paying
the consequences
sticking with the Marc Jacobs theme I'm
going for the remarkable foundation and
I'm using shades 10 which is ivory light
I'm mixing that with shades 12 ivory and
applying my foundation using my Real
Techniques miracle complexion sponge
with my base layer of foundation done
I'm going to move straight on to
concealer today I'm using the Crayola
that derma color quintet dq1 palette I'm
just applying that concealer to any
areas where any redness or blemishes are
still showing very gently just Pat it
out using your finger next I'm moving on
to contour in you can use any concealer
or foundation that's two or three shades
darker than your foundation to do this
I'm actually going to use the Anastacio
cream contour kit take the shade cream
and contour my cheekbones the top of my
forehead and my chin before moving into
the shade cinnamon it just to intensify
that contour now that my contour is on
and we look a little bit crazy I'm gonna
go ahead with the same Real Techniques
sponge and blend that out I'm going to
move straight on to highlighting today
am using the NARS radiant creamy
concealer you want a similar product
kids try something like the hey
then cover up concealer with our base
makeup done let's move on to the eyes
I'm going to start by filling in my
brows using the NYX brow gel in the
shade brunette so even with lots of
light brush strokes and then clean them
up afterwards to prime my eyes I'm using
the Mac Paint Pot in the shade soft
ochre to set my Mac Paint Pot I'm using
the Sephora colorful eyeshadow and this
is in the shade lazy afternoon number
207 next I'm going to take this white
shade here called let it snow Pat that
eyeshadow under the highest pointer acts
as a highlight using the anastacio
powder contour kit I'm taking the shade
Havana into the crease I'm also going to
blend this out well eyeliner today I'm
using the bourgeois waterproof volume
clubbing eyeliner and this is in the
shade up and Brown I'm just going to
tightline using the eyeliner going back
to that under eye area I'm taking the
NARS radiant creamy concealer to just
cover any dark circles and for some
extra brightness the L'Oreal Lumi
magique in the shade light using my Real
Techniques miracle complexion sponge I'm
just going to blend out that concealer
to set my under eye area using the NYX
HD photogenic powder
with my under eye area set I'm going to
carry on finishing my eye makeup piece
and the Anastasia contour kit
next up mascara today I'm using the
Maybelline lash sensational mascara
followed by some false lashes these are
the eye layer one one seven lashes now
that my eye shadow is done I'm just
going to finish off the rest of the face
I'm taking this middle contour shade
here called fawn and I'm just going to
run that into the hollows of my cheeks
and across the top of little hook
next up lipstick and today I'm going for
a really bright vivid orange lip there
are three options that you go for if you
want to go high ends then Yves
saint-laurent has one in the shade 13
which is this beautiful orange e red a
mid-range option could be the Gerard
cosmetics mercury writes in liquid
lipstick and for a budget option the NYX
butter lipstick in the shade
cuts Molly which once again is a really
bright vibrant orange today I'm using
the jarred cosmetics Maps liquid
lipstick in the shade my career isin and
finally to finish up I'm use of the
Anastacio glow kit this is the that glow
palette I will be taking this golden
highlight here called sunburst and just
applying that to the highest point of my
cheeks and the tip of my nose and the
bridge and just slightly above my brows
oh here is the finished look my brown
smokey eye and bright orange lip look
this was inspired by Ashley Benson I
really hope you enjoyed this video as if
there are any kind of get the look
videos that you would like to see me do
then please do let me know in the
comment section below
flying out this background today not
sure if I'm gonna carry on using this in
videos but because my house is currently
full of moving boxes this is what you
have today thank you so much for all
your support I really hope you enjoyed
this video and I'll see you guys soon
bye
hi guys and welcome back today I'm
showing you how to do this green smokey
eye and glowing skin makeup look
