hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this
glitter winter glam makeup look it's so
easy to do so let's get started
I'm using the Marc Jacobs coconut primer
to prep for my skin before moving
straight on to the eyes when using
glitter shadow shields make my life so
much easier and the Mac Paint Pot
creates a flawless base I also like to
set my paint parties in a creamy beige
eyeshadow using the makeup Rev golden
lights palette I'm taking the bronzer
shade and using that to add some
definition to my eye crease next up the
gosh New York one palette and this brown
shadow that I'm going to intensify the
outer corner of my eye with and this
purple shade will add an extra touch of
luxury followed by this peachy shimmer
shade I'm going to apply to the inner
and the middle of my eye before adding a
little bit more definition to that eye
contour now it's my favorite part it's
glitter time I'm taking the lips
cosmetics heavy metal glitter and
applying that using the lipped mixing
medium over my eye now I'm using a lip
brush to do this you can use any kind of
brush or even your finger to do this
whichever thing works for you and just
applying that to the inner and the
center of my eye I'm lining my eyes
using the artist's of makeup extreme art
liner pan I just want to add some depth
to my lash line followed by the Estee
Lauder
waterproof mascara I'm just applying
this to my top lashes before reaching
for my house of lashes smokey mousse
falsies and I love these lashes
especially with glitter looks finish
that off with an extra coating of
mascara remove those shadow shields and
then let's move on to the brows I'm
using the Elizabeth Arden brownette brow
pencil to just fill in and shape my
brows now that my eyes are complete
let's move back to the face
the illamasqua skin base foundation in
shades 3 & 4 mixed give me the right
tone
for my skin I'm using my Real Techniques
miracle complexion sponge to apply this
and I'm currently preferring nurse to
the beauty blender and the illamasqua
concealer in the shade light one just to
cover up any pesky breakouts and
scarring that may still be showing I'm
lovin illamasqua currently the base
product so to contour I'm using the gel
sculpt in the shade silhouette this is
such a beautiful shade and so easy to
use and just applying that across my
cheekbones the top of my forehead my
nose and my chin and again blending that
out using the same Real Techniques
sponge using the NYX HD concealer in the
shade CW 1 I'm going to add some
brightness and lightness to the center
of my face concentrating in the under
eye area also my nose top lip center of
my forehead and my chin and blend that
out to ensure my makeup lasts all day or
night I'm setting it using a strong
powder this is the Vichy dermablend
translucent powder I'm just applying
that under my eyes and also in those
areas that we added the concealer the
contour I'm going back to that makeup
Rev palette and taking the same bronzer
shade that we used on the eyes I'm just
applying this into my hollows of my
cheeks blending it out and then I'm
going to dust off the excess powder from
under my eyes taking the brown shadow
from that gosh
New York palette I'm going to smoke out
the under eye area followed by this
pearly white shade for a pop of
highlight in the inner corner some more
mascara and we're onto blusher this is
the Elizabeth Arden blushing pink I'm
applying that to the apples of my cheeks
and taken it down a bit because I
applied a little bit too much then using
a pencil brush to apply underneath my
lash line those two colors look amazing
together once again that golden lights
palette and I'm taking these two
highlight shades add some touch of
shimmer to my face
the Charlotte Tilbury nude lip liner is
a great staple lip product and I love it
for outlining my lips and giving me more
definitely
in the illamasqua rose pout matte
lipstick the illamasqua lip gloss in the
shade intimacy this is to give a really
beautiful glossy lip and here's the
finished look my winter glitter glam
makeup look I really hope you enjoyed
this video thank you so much for
watching don't forget to hit that
subscribe button and I'll see you soon
bye hey guys welcome back today I'm
talking you through this drugstore
Christmas makeup look I'm using the NYX
HD photogenic primer to start my face
before moving on to the Revlon Colorstay
foundation
