we wish you a Merry Christmas hi guys
and welcome back today I'm getting all
Christmassy we've got a lot of Christmas
things going all day I'm showing you how
to do this blue silver dewey party look
that's perfect for the holiday season
now don't forget to hit that subscribe
button to get notified and keep up to
date with every video that I post and
I'll see you guys soon I hope you enjoy
bye I'm gonna start by priming my face
today I'm using the Loreal infallible
mattifying based primer using my fingers
I'm just going to apply it
using the Elizabeth Arden brownette brow
pencil I'm going to go ahead and start
filling in my brows start by brushing
through them to make sure all the hair
is - going in the same direction that
fell in the middle
to carve out my brows i'm using the
laura mercier high coverage concealer
and this is in the shade not quite five
using my it's a weaver brow line brush
I'm just gonna go ahead and carve them
out today I'm going for a dark smoky eye
look so to make sure that the dark
eyeshadow doesn't fall onto the tops of
my cheeks I'm going to be used in my
shadow shield I'm just gonna stick it on
the back of my hand and take it off
three times just to make sure it's not
too tacky and it's not gonna pour my
skin to prime my eyes I'm using the
Maybelline Color tattoo in the shade
creme de Rose now in my last drugstore
video you guys said that this was a
really good dupe for the Mac painterly
paint-pot so I'm gonna try this out
today I'm just applying this all over
the lids using my finger for eyeshadow
today I'm using the naked smoky palette
to start I'm going to take the shade
upon bust in the crease of the eye
next I'm gonna take the show to
passwords and I'm just going to deepen
up that crease
next I'm gonna take this shape dagger
and I'm just going to intensify that
crease once again
to really give my ice that wow factor
I'm using the sugar pill runs TR
retching it out
little alone my lash line using the
artist of makeup extreme art liner pen
you can use any pencil or liquid or even
pen liner to do this it doesn't really
matter just whichever when you feel the
most comfortable with for mascara I'm
using the Clinique chubby lash
for false lashes today or we're in the
house of lashes smoking news going back
to that eyeliner I'm just going to cover
over the join from the lashes on to the
eyeliner
look the majority of my eyeshadow is
done I'm just going to peel off my
shadow shield and moving to the a shadow
on my lower lash line I do have a little
area to clean up layer so I'll just go
ahead and take a wet wipe or in vapor
prompt to do that going back to that
gray shade password I'm just going to
run that along my lower lash line and we
see in some more of the shade dagger I'm
just going to emphasize the outer edge
where lower lash line in this made the
place of shadow shields just done to the
inner corner of my eye before brushing
on a small amount of sugar pill shimmer
shadow very gently trying to blend this
towards the outer edge now that my
under-eye area is done I'm just going to
go ahead and add another coat at the
Clinique chubby lash mascara to line my
waterline I'm using the bourgeois
contour Club and waterproof liner and
this is in the shade blue and Neil
for foundation today from using the
Illamasqua skin base and I like to mix
trade 3 and shade pool together to get
the perfect shade for my skin add a
small amount of each onto the back of my
hand using a damp Real Techniques
miracle complexion sponge I'm just going
to go ahead and apply my foundation I
don't want to go too hard on the contour
today so I'm going to be using the
Daniel Sandler water color cream blush
and this is in the shade Riviera it's
just a really nice shade to give a
natural bit of color and flush to the
cheeks supply of this in the hollows of
my cheeks my forehead using my Real
Techniques sponge I'm going to blend
that out
for blusher today I'm using the
Elizabeth Arden nectar cream blusher by
this user my fingers just to the apples
of my cheeks blend that out using the
real techniques sponge to conceal my
under eye area and using the NYX HD
concealer in the shade CW one
I'm also going to apply this onto my
chin and my forehead and once again
blends that out eating my Real
Techniques sponge
I want to keep my makeup quite dewy
today so instead of starting my
under-eye area using a thick powder I'm
actually going to use a makeup fix in
this I'm using the pixi by petra spray
but you could use something like the
matte fix class the next setting spray
or urban decay setting spray instead I'm
just going to spray that onto my Real
Techniques sponge press that just to the
under eye area finish off the look I'm
going to add some lipstick today and
we're in the jar of cosmetics Vintage
Rose lipstick
I always dissociates a really glossy lip
with the party's decent so I'm going to
be using the pixi by petra petal ice lip
gloss all that's left to do is to just
add a touch a highlight to the highest
point of my cheeks today I'm using the
mary lou manizer and i actually have it
in this palette called in the bomb of
your hand which leaves the greatest hits
from the bar and it has a mini Mira lou
manizer here does a small amount onto
that house cheekbone area I'm also going
to add this onto the tip of my nose
oh boy keep its bed and here is the
finished look this is my blue a silvery
party look that's just perfect for the
holiday season except all it's time to
do is to just put on our dresses and
actually leave the house
don't forget guys you can also follow me
on Instagram Twitter snapchat and
Facebook at my pals in blog video if you
enjoy whatever party that you're going
to I always love to see any looks that
you guys recreate so don't forget to tag
me on Instagram and Twitter so I can you
know have a little nervously what you've
got to see what you dress you wore thank
you so much for watching guys and I'll
see you soon do that one again
to try a few yeah try a nice
hi guys and welcome back I am freakin
feeling the glow
can you see my face shinin because it is
shining like a disco
