hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm talking you through how to
recreate this Margot Robbie inspired
makeup look today I'm using the
Maybelline master strobe in liquid and I
adore using a primer like this just
gives you that radiant look through your
foundation don't always end up looking
like the tinman so don't worry that does
kind of chill out foundation today I'm
using the Maybelline a dream
satin liquid I'm just gonna go ahead to
use in my it cosmetics foundation and
concealer brush and I'll just apply that
all over my skin basically and then I'm
moving on to the make up forevers
concealer palette now if your
pigmentation isn't too bright then this
is maybe the option for you on how to
cover it however if you do find that
you've got really really intense
pigmentation or blemishes then you might
want to use the technique that I used in
last week's kendall jenner video no
Margaux is all about that kind of
Hollywood a fluffy brow so I'm just
gonna use those soap brows to add some
texture this one is missing a massive
chunk and it definitely has like a
little bit of a bold patch going on a
little bit grim and then just using
another clean spoolie I'm gonna smooth
it out moving on to the benefit brow
pencil ride to use this to fill in my
brows but then had a terrible time so I
basically swapped to the makeup forever
brow liner this stuff is so freakin
incredible for going over soaked brows
or anything that's like a thick texture
to recreate Marko's gorgeous red
eyeshadow I'm using the Marc Jacobs
iconic palette I'm first of all just
going to apply a little bit of a base
tone that will also act as our
transition as well and then I'm gonna
move on to that beautiful kind of deep
maroon shade and I'm first of all just
going to pack that on to my lid being
careful not to take it up too high with
the pigment on the brush I'm actually
going to blend it out using a clean
fluffy brush to really finish off the
eye I'm taking a small amount of the
sugarpill loose pigments to just pack
onto the lid
and blend it out that gets just a hint
of shimmer next I'm gonna move on to
eyeliner and I'm actually using a dark
brown colored liner from Marc Jacobs but
honestly you can use any liner that you
want I just love this one mascara today
I have the Maybelline total temptation
mascara this is a brand new product and
I am literally I'm done I'm feeling it
I'm feeling it to conceal I'm going to
use the Urban Decay in Naked concealer I
don't know why I use this one actually I
don't really use this one that often but
it was on my desk I'm just gonna apply
that in the under eye area and then
blend it out using I think this is the
Real Techniques contour brush to set my
base today I'm using the Ben Nye neutral
set powder I mean like do you think I
would use anything to add a touch of
warmth to my skin I'm using the benefits
hoola bronzer powder and I'm just gonna
use that same Armani brush before moving
on to blush and today I have the
Maybelline master blush palette and I'm
just gonna sweep that fairly high on my
cheeks today don't be alarmed just kind
of trust me and go with it and then I'm
just gonna finish that off using the
highlight from the same palette the lips
today I'm using another of the buxom lip
pencils this one is in the shade
seductive I think I'm just gonna I'm
just gonna say that's what it's called
it's like a pinky magenta reread shades
not quite pink not quite red I'm well
it's pretty damn pink isn't it then I'm
gonna take a small amount of their Gigi
hadees' red lipstick little bit of balm
I am filming
and there we go guys this is the
finished look thank you so much for
watching I really hope you enjoyed this
video and please do let me know in the
comment section down below which
celebrities you would like to see me
recreate thank you so much for watching
don't forget to subscribe I'll see you
guys soon bye
