hi guys and welcome back so this has to
be my most requested video ever today
I'm going to be talking you through all
the skincare products that have made a
difference to my skin so I hope you
enjoy and don't forget to give this
video a huge thumbs up and don't forget
to subscribe I wanted to film this video
for so long but I wanted to do it in a
responsible way so by that I mean I
wanted to test the products for quite a
few months before I told you guys about
what I was using I also didn't want to
accept any payment for product and I
also didn't want to share with you any
product unless I was certain that it has
done a difference to my skin first
things first I'm going to answer a
couple of questions as I see you guys
asking me on Instagram or YouTube on a
daily basis let's clear up a couple of
things
am I on Roaccutane no I am NOT on
Roaccutane or accutane I am not willing
to put myself through the risks knowing
every single side effect that comes with
that drugs number two you should try and
cut out red meat and alcohol from your
diet I've actually been a vegetarian for
16 years maybe longer
17 years god I feel so old I also don't
drink don't need to cut out if it's not
in my diet number three you should try a
vegan diet I actually did adopt a
hardcore plant-based diet towards the
end of 2014
long story short I actually found my
skin deteriorated the more I was doing
it and the stricter I was on that diet
it did not work for my skin so I did
start reintroducing dairy which brings
me on to the next point you should stop
at drinking milk
I don't think I've drank a glass of milk
in 20 years maybe longer than 20 years a
very very long time I'm not a big dairy
girl I have it in the things or on
things but I would never in a million
years just reach for a glass of milk not
gonna happen okay so with those things
out of the way let's move on to the
product one thing I do want to say first
of all is I am NOT
a skin care professional cannot
guarantee that these products will work
for you ginkgo is so subjective and what
works for me may work terribly for you
and what works terribly for you could
work really greatly for me everybody's
skin reacts in different ways to
different products it's incredibly rare
to just find one product that straight
away will make your acne disappeared
most of the time it's a combination of a
lot of different things and everything
just seems to fall into place that seems
to be what's happened for me probably
with me telling you about my skin type I
have combination to oily skin now I find
that I get oily in the t-zone area
especially on the center of my forehead
and just in the dip of my nose dry
around my eyebrows and also I can get
dry around my nose as well so let's talk
about the first product that I use I
found made a big difference to my skin
and they coincidentally are rolled by
one brand and that brand is Olay
Henriksen I used the Olay Henrickson
shear transformation moisturizing cream
I love this moisturizer it is so easy to
use it doesn't really have much of a
scent this cream has a vitamin C complex
licorice root and also a pea extract in
there it's designed to just melt into
your skin and to just give you a really
lightweight coverage but something
that's really gonna make a difference so
if you suffer with scarring or any
hyperpigmentation or redness this cream
is designed to help combat that in your
skin the next product I used I found
really made a difference was the only
Henrickson truth serum collagen boost
this is a vitamin-c complex serum this
stuff smells incredible if you love
citrus scents and you will definitely
love this now I used to use this product
every morning and I would just let it
sink into my skin and just really let it
work its way deep into my skin before I
followed it with my moisturizer this
really did make a difference to my skin
and it
made it feel so soft and it gave me such
a nice glow to my skin
the next product I was using was the
invigorating nights treatments now this
isn't a H a which is alpha hydroxy acid
mix and this is what I was using to try
and refresh my skin overnight because
it's got the acid complex in it it's
designed to help increase the cell
turnover in your skin and to get you
looking healthier and younger friend to
just generally improve the condition of
your skin it has quite a few different
acids in it including guy colic lactic
and citric acid and I found that this
worked very well for my skin follow two
that night's treatment with the Olay
Henrickson sheer transformation before I
went to sleep and I found that just by
introducing these three products into my
skin within two weeks I was seeing a
difference when my skin got to a certain
point I felt like I was ready to start
introducing new product and especially
to try and find the right ones that I
felt were missing from my routine one
product that I felt that I was seriously
lacking from my skin care regime was a
exfoliator so I turned to a natural
skincare brand to find that and I went
with Antipodes and from their range I
chose the reincarnation pure facial
exfoliator and I like to exfoliate with
it around twice a week and sometimes
more if I find that I've got any patches
I really need to work on I wanted to
start adding in products to my routine
that I thought I was lacking and one of
those was an eye cream so I turned to
Vichy and I tried their ID Leah eyes I'm
probably saying this really wrong
basically it's their eye cream and this
is what it looks like I started applying
this under my eyes just by here and I
always apply it twice a day I found that
after just two weeks it started making a
big difference to my skin I felt like my
under eye area was definitely lighter
and definitely brighter and it's
something that I kept using and I still
use to this day because I fell in love
with the eye cream from Vichy I want
to try something else from the brand I
also had the vichy life serum so I
decided to try this as well I find that
when i use the vc life serum my skin it
just has a beautiful glow to it one of
the things that's great about this
product is that it's designed for skin
that's affected by stress or fatigue
skin affected by overexposure to sun
pollution smoke or an unbalanced diet my
skin it definitely appears brighter more
of a natural glow to it
so one hundred-percent loving this serum
now that the weather's getting colder
one thing that I wanted to add into my
regime was a hardcore hydrating
moisturizer if you're prone to dry
patches or feeling dehydrated then a
really intense moisturizer it could be
just what you need I went for the
Antipodes vanilla pod hydrating day
cream this stuff again smells incredible
it does kind of have a little bit of a
baby cream smell to it
I think that's possibly the vanilla I
love using this day cream if my skin
feels tight or if it feels dry or if I
feel like I have any dehydrated or just
areas that I feel are desperately in
need of a little bit of love and a
little bit of moisture another product
that I really wanted to introduce into
my skincare regime was a really intense
sleep mask so I went for the pixi
nourishing sleep mask if I do have any
redness or any irritation on my skin my
use of products like this by the time
the morning comes around I feel like my
skin is calm and I definitely feel like
my skin is in a good place overnight I
would swap my normal moisturizer out for
a product such as this one one of the
questions I get asked quite a lot is
what face wash am i using the first
product I used to take my makeup off is
the pixie nourishing cleansing balm this
is a balm to oil cleanser I know a lot
of people feel like if they have acne
they need to avoid oil products I found
that the opposite was true and the
opposite worked better for me I find
that this gets rid of every
bit of stubborn makeup on my skin so if
I'm wearing big glittery eyes and I
won't literally apply the balm straight
to my eyes all over my face and it will
take everything off I have tried other
cleansing bombs that have broken me up
horrendously it was this product I find
hasn't given me any breakouts and it's
worked very well
for my skin though in terms of removing
that product I use one of these if you
work in the medical profession you might
know what this is this is actually a
surgical swab yeah I have this and I
discovered using these to take my makeup
off purely for the only reason that my
boyfriend was working on a medical TV
program and he actually got given a load
of these props for something that he was
working on so I bought some home and
started to use them to take off my
makeup they really work I find that they
give a little bit of a gentle
exfoliation because it's just lots of
cotton and they soften up after you use
them as well so in terms of yeah
removing my cleanser or just as a gentle
exfoliator in the shower or just while
washing my skin these are what I did and
what I still do use every single night
to take my makeup off
I don't dispose of these anymore I just
put them in the washing basket and then
they all get washed in the machine weird
I know but yeah these definitely work
for me after applying and removing my
pixie cleansing balm I then like to go
in for another cleanse I move on to the
Antipodes juliet's skin brightening gel
cleanser it will really remove any trace
of the balm and any impurities that may
still be left in my skin it contains
manuka honey with a strength of 20 and
that's really great for its
antibacterial properties it's like a
caramel sort of color work that really
well into my skin I love that up and
then use warm water to just remove that
and once again I will use one of my
cloths to just take that off my skin now
this product is suitable for all skin
types but it says on it that it's
especially suited to reveal
in clear and blemish free skin I do have
to say I agree with that my skin does
not break out at all with it and again I
do find that any redness does deplete
and it does seem to gradually just
disappear when using these products so
there we have it my most requested video
ever that I have no idea if this was
just a load of gobbledygook and any of
it made sense I don't know I don't know
if you're watching this then I didn't
screw it up too badly and I really hope
you understand my reasons for wanting to
make sure that these products were
working for me before I shared them with
you if you are still going through a
tough time of your skin then I really do
hope that you find the combination of
products and lifestyle changes that work
for you thank you so much for watching
if you enjoyed this video then please
don't forget to give it a big thumbs up
and don't forget to subscribe so you
never miss a video
I'll see you guys soon bye
hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm going to be showing you how to
do this easy
autumn or fall makeup look I hope you
enjoy and I'll see you guys soon bye
