hi guys and welcome back so this is the
third time I have tried to film this
video the first time I had a lipstick on
my teeth the second time there was no
audio and now I'm gonna try again for
the third time and the hope that I can
tell you guys all about my September
favorites the first product I want to
talk to you guys about today is
something that you might have seen
popping up in my videos over the past
month or so and that is shadows shields
recently I've got really into glitter
and wearing some darker eye makeup and
these beauties have been so good and so
useful for those kind of looks
if you were using glitter it has a
tendency to fall and land on the tops of
your cheeks and if you've already done
your foundation and concealer the last
thing you kind of want is glitter just
getting stuck there when you use a
product like this and you apply it there
actually catches all the fallouts that
would have landed on your cheek instead
it lands on the the shudder shield and
that is ludie genius ooh only downsides
that I have with this is that the glue
on them can be a little bit too sticky
so I like to use it on the back of my
hand and pull it off about three times
before I apply them under my eyes other-
on these is the price I think I paid
around 10 pounds of these now I know
that a lot of people are very
budget-conscious and to some people that
might be a little bit of over waste of
money Clary Morello is a youtuber she
actually has come up with an ingenious
hack and the material on these are very
similar to panty liners like a really
cheap panty liner so Chloe actually cuts
panty liners and puts them under her
eyes and honestly they work just as well
let me know if you're interested in
beauty hack videos and maybe I could try
something like that out let me know your
thoughts the next thing in my favorite
is the lit cosmetics glitter and peak
glitter base I don't know what happened
to me I'm at 2 this year but I was just
like glitters and pigment and I just
wanted everything shiny and sparkly and
I put them all in a drawer for like two
three months and didn't touch them I've
got the glitter back out a couple of
weeks ago and I wore this cowgirl
glitter to flow divorce is makeup launch
party and you guys kind of which is
asking me all night on Instagram what
are you wearing where's that glitter
from where is it from
and it was from lit cosmetics they have
so many gorgeous colors in lots of
different sizes so if you like a really
fine mild' glitter then they do that
size specifically or if you want
something that's a little bit more
coarse then again they do something like
this in the size 3 so I thought that was
great when you use something like the
clear base liquid and apply your glitter
on the wet brush it is so much easier to
work with if you're using a dry brush
and applying glitter that glitter is
going to bounce and go everywhere but
when it's in a wet brush using something
like this or Mac's mixing medium it is
so much more concentrated and so much
easier to apply and I find that it makes
applying makeup and working with glitter
that much more fun you can use like a
liner brush and turn a glitter into a
liner or you could just cover your whole
lid which is what I like to do with
glitter just put it everywhere sticking
with the theme in my favorites today my
next item is the House of lashes eyelash
adhesive now you might think it's a
little bit weird to have an eyelash
adhesive in a fabrics it is a little bit
weird but this stuff is frickin awesome
I always sucked at applying eyelashes
couple years ago I just could not do it
to save my life I was just really bad at
it and that you would take me forever to
get a pair of lashes on it was terrible
I realized there were two things that
were causing me to be a lash screw-up
one was the fact that I was incredibly
impatient and I wasn't waiting long
enough
the glue to dry I was just putting the
glue on waving it about and my fingers
and then trying to pop it on thinking it
would work doesn't work let me tell you
that the second was because I wasn't
using a good eyelash glue so my problem
was that I would buy drugstore lashes
and use the little thing of glue that
comes with the lashes I don't know why
the glue that comes of lashes offends me
so much
I just always find it terrible and
always find myself waiting forever to
dry and then it wasn't sticky enough no
my eyelash would fall off and then I'd
cry and bad things used to happen when I
used that lash glue it was only when I
then invested in something like the duo
glue did I find that my lash game
suddenly started to improve now a couple
of months ago in house of lashes kindly
sent me some of their lashes and this
lash glue and oh my word this stuff is
incredible when this lash glue dries it
goes incredibly tacky where it's
malleable and easy to work with if
you're having problems applying lashes
or you can't get them to work it could
be that the glue just isn't working for
you and it's like anything really if you
have the right tools everything suddenly
becomes easier this for me is the right
tool for applying my lashes so I love it
definite must-have for a lash fan
because I haven't given you enough eye
product favorites today I'm gonna throw
another one in there and that is the
heat maybelline lasting drama black shop
gel pen eyeliner I find that the last
empower is quite good on there it
doesn't flake too much when I apply it
and I like to apply this over glitter
and the reason being is well quite
simply because I don't want to ruin my
favorite liner you want something that's
graphic or thick then this could well be
the one for you might be a little bit
premature but I have been reaching for
it quite a few times this week so I just
wanted to throw it in there the
Illamasqua skin base foundation so
illamasqua kindly sent me a couple of
these foundations to try out natural
skin how's that beautiful Sheen
and that natural do to it and this is
one of the closest foundations natural
looking skin that I've seen recently it
doesn't have that oily greasy look that
some dewy foundations can have instead I
find that it has that natural subtle
look to it
it's definitely a project that you can
build up or shear down by using
something like a damp Beauty Blender I'm
really hoping that it doesn't break me
up because I'm kind of feeling it and I
kind of like the look that it gives so
keeping my fingers crossed on it I'll
let you know when I know
now I have one hair favorite today and
that is the GHD platinum hair stylist
straightness whatever you want to call
them they are amazing if you follow me
on Twitter then you might have seen that
a couple of weeks ago I posted a picture
of my ratchet busted up five year old
hair straighteners that I have been
using for like the longest time so the
guys over at lookfantastic saw the
picture and they very kindly emailed me
and asked if i would like to try the GHD
Platinum's I almost cried then said yes
I would definitely like to so they
kindly sent me out this pair they Cal
here they straighten hair they D frizz
they are oh they have changed my hair
dreams and I am so in love with them but
the downside if you are going to
purchase the ghd's would likely be the
price point at plunge and forty five
pounds they are by no means cheap if
these straighteners broke I would
happily purchase them with my own money
it's straight away to replace them
because I think they are brilliant and
have definitely made a difference to my
hair this month I received my 100,000
subscriber silver play button now
unfortunately this is the first time
I've dumped this video so I'm not gonna
you know put it back in the box and sell
it take the box shut and pretend to open
it for the first time because that would
be mean let's just roll the tape so we
can see the box now
so all you're gonna get this picture a
bubble wrap you guys are gonna hate me
you guys ready three two one
so when I started my youtube channel I
had absolutely no idea that I would
achieve this I really didn't and I
wasn't expecting to I didn't think
anybody would watch my videos let alone
a hundred thousand of you let alone over
four hundred and thirty thousand of you
so thankful to every single one of you
guys for supporting for subscribing for
watching this this is like the proudest
I think I've ever been of myself and
I've won awards for films that I've
created with lots of other people that
was like a huge team app but never
really felt like it was my awarded like
won something but filmmaking this is
just what you guys have given me thank
you a couple of weeks after I put out
you look disgusting
I actually got laid off and made
redundant from my job and I lost my job
and that was a job that I'd worked out
for almost two years that I was quite
senior I worked with some pretty big
brands making videos for them and that
old that disappeared and I got laid off
and I got made redundant and my whole
world kind of got turned upside down in
July you look disgusting was insane it
was so intense and so insane and so
crazy and I also lost my job in the same
month and the past you know two months
have been so bittersweet and so crazy
that I feel so thankful to have you guys
if you've ever been laid off or you've
ever lost your job you know how much of
a mind screw that can really be it can
really rock you about how you feel about
yourself how you feel about yourself
worth changes how you feel when you get
up in the morning about yourself I'm
very very lucky now the fact that I can
call YouTube my job and I can call
YouTube I guess it is my career now
that's really weird
yes something shitty happened and I got
made redundant but this is my job now
and this is what makes me happy when I
get up in the morning and you guys big
smiles on my faces and I enjoy making
content for you guys and yes I have
never worked for myself like this and I
have no idea what I am doing with my
life
but this is my job and this is my life
now and I couldn't be happier so that is
why you guys are in my September
favorites to say thank you so there we
have it probably the weirdest September
favorite ever ever I've been thinking
about doing blocked Ober for quite a
while now and I don't want to put out a
video every single day because I don't
think that I I wouldn't enjoy it you
guys probably wouldn't enjoy it can you
imagine 51 videos in a month I think
we'd both probably cry not in a good way
here's what I've decided to do I think
I'm gonna film a little bit of a video
every single day maybe a daily vlog or
maybe I'll film something with a friend
gonna condense those all into one video
and I'm gonna upload some weekly vlogs
in October now I'm not gonna lie some
days I am boring as and I don't do
nothing I do nothing entertaining
nothing with watching I just sit in my
pants and I watch Once Upon a Time in
bed that is life sometimes I'm sorry but
it's it's the cold hard truth other days
I actually go outside and I socialize
with people those are probably the days
you might actually want to see so let's
see what happens and I'm gonna try and
upload some weekly vlogs on Mondays so I
hope that you guys like that idea and I
hope that you can get behind it because
I would love to introduce some other
videos to you guys and hopefully have
you guys get to know me a little bit
more um anyway thank you so much for
watching if you enjoyed this video then
please don't forget to give it a huge
bum
up and like it so I didn't just film it
three times or nothing and of course
don't forget to subscribe so you never
miss a video I'll see you guys soon
