hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm going to be showing you not
one but two back to school makeup looks
I hope you enjoy and I'll see you guys
very soon bye so let's start off with a
primer now there are loads of different
primers that you can choose I'm going to
be using the pixie Paula's and flawless
primer today you could use something
like the L'Oreal infallible primer or if
you're worried about paws showing you
could use something like the bodyshop
wonder blur benefits do the professional
and next you a pore filler as well just
going to use my fingers to apply it
so I'm making sure that I concentrate on
any areas where I tend to get the most
oil ooh for foundation I'd actually
recommend staying away from a full
coverage foundation and instead I would
go for a BB cream or a tinted
moisturizer today I'm going to be using
my favorite tinted face gel and that's
the pixie h2o skin tint gel this is a
water-based gel that acts like a tinted
moisturizer and it's so lovely to wear
if you don't want to use something like
this here are a few other options or
products that you could use the
Maybelline BB cream body shop all-in-one
BB cream Mac also have an amazing BB
cream there are lots of other ones out
there on the market so do try them and
use what works for you the pixie h2o
skin tint I find applies better using my
fingers so I'm just gonna apply that all
over
if my skin was perfect I didn't have any
flaws tor then I would literally just go
out the door with a tiny bit of mascara
and my brows done unfortunately I don't
have flawless skin and I personally like
to cover my breakouts there are lots of
products available that you can use to
cover your breakouts you could use
something like the derma color range
from Kryolan the collection lasting
perfection concealer la pro concealer
from mac there's the studio finish
concealer and I think I'm actually going
to use this one today I'm just going to
Pat this concealer in just to cover any
breakouts
and if you want you can just blend out
your concealer using a foundation or
eight concealer brush because we've done
spot correcting and we've only used a
full coverage product on the breakout
areas our skin looks like skin and that
makes it look so much more natural next
I'm just going to fill in my brows for
brows there are so many natural options
out there if you're looking for
something a bit more high-end then you
could go for something like the
Anastasia Beverly Hills brow west or the
brow duo powder or if you want a low
cost brow powder option and go for
something like the NYX eyebrow cake
powder today I'll go for the NYX eyebrow
powder start by taking the lighter color
on that powder on my brush
I'm just going to take the darker shade
and just define the tail
now it's time to set our brows so if you
want to go for a high-end option you
could use something like the Anastasia
brow gel and mid-range option you go for
the bodyshop clear brow gel a drugstore
option you could go for something like
the Rimmel clear brow gel I'm going to
use the Anastasio clear brow gel because
it's my favorite for the eyeshadow we
want to keep it very neutral and very
natural so palette options you could try
it something like The Naked basics
palette from the drugstore you could try
the Maybelline the nudes palette the
makeup revolution essential matte I'm
going to use the makeup revolution
essential mattes
palette I'm going to take the lightest
base shade here and just run my brush
along it tap off the excess and just
work that all over my lid want to go for
a little bit more definition than you
could try maybe like a neutral brown
color and we're just going to apply that
into the crease very lightly and we're
going to buff it out you could take
something like the lightest shadow and
using a small pencil brush just apply
that into the tear ducts area
essentially that is our eye shadow done
I'm just going to curl my lashes and
let's move on to mascara if you're in
the UK and you're not actually allowed
to wear makeup school or you don't want
to look like you're wearing much makeup
then I'd suggest going for a brown
mascara collection color lash or
something like the benefit they're real
in brown codes work for you today I'll
be using the collection mascara
with your eye makeup done let's finish
off that face so for the under eye area
again there are lots of options
I'd suggest going for something that's
really long wearing to last throughout
the day something like the NARS radiant
creamy concealer seventeen stay time
concealer the mac prolongwear concealer
through match touch radiant touch Nashik
concealer Rimmel wake me up concealer
going to go for the L'Oreal the touch
magic concealer I'm just going to apply
this in the under eye area and then I'm
just going to Pat that concealer in for
blush my one kind of school rule of
advice would be don't go for glitter I
find that glitter just grows pink makeup
I'm wearing lots of makeup and if you
don't want to look like you're wearing
makeup then I would definitely avoid
glitter and go for something that's
matte or has a very small amount of
shimmer in it something like the
bourgeois cream blushes alternatively
great for something like the backseat
velvet blush and this one again is like
a slight creamy blush does have a small
amount of shimmer in it but it's nothing
a huge that you can't blend out I'm just
going to Pat it on where I want it
with our base makeup done it's time to
set that to powder you could use
something like the Maybelline Matt maker
the NYX HD studio powder the been light
neutral set powder today I'm going to go
for the NYX HD studio take my duo face
brush and just apply that powder to set
the base makeup
I'm just going to go back in with my
mascara and just coat my lower lashes
now for lips my favorite kind of lip
option school is something like the
clinic chubby stick now if you don't
want to grow it for something of this
high value then you go for something
like the Maybelline Baby Lips which are
both they're very similar to you know
they're very similar it's a nice lip
balm with a tiny hint of color okay for
the Maybelline Baby Lips in shades
strike a rose if you're not allowed to
wear makeup to school or you only want
to go for a natural almost no makeup
makeup look then this is the look for
you if you don't need to worry about
your makeup looking natural then I'm
going to show you how you can really
glam it up in no more than two minutes
if you want your eyes to have a little
bit more wow factor then maybe try
something like the maybelline on and on
bronze this is a really easy to use
golden bronze cream eyeshadow and just
apply that all over the lid and just
blend it out softly that gives such a
nice glam glow to the eyes I'm going to
move on to my all-time favorite
highlighter which is the mirror
Luminizer fly that highlighter just in
the inner corner instead of eyeliner you
could take a wet liner brush and just
apply some of the dark brown shadow
apply this just close to the lash line
you can also take the dark brown shadow
on a small pencil brush this is the
chrome brush round contour brush and
just run that in the outer corner to add
a touch of highlight to your skin you
can go for the mary lou manizer and just
apply that just on the highest points of
your cheeks or your lips if you really
want to go to town and look a little bit
more glam then you go for a sparkly lip
this is the Anastasia Beverly Hills
Sunset Strip lip gloss but there are so
many beautiful glittery lip glosses in
the drugstore market that you go for and
says so these are the two finished
back-to-school acne coverage makeup
looks one is completely natural and
neutral and the other is a little bit
more glammed up with a sparkly pink lip
I really hope you enjoyed this style of
video and I hope I didn't throw way too
many suggestions out there at you in
terms of product let me know in the
comments below if you like this type of
video and all the many suggestions and
thank you so much for watching guys and
as always I will see you very soon so
don't forget to subscribe so you never
miss a video bye
