hi guys and welcome back so in today's
tutorial I'm going to be showing you how
to do this drugstore party makeup let
I'll see you guys soon bye my current
favorites drugstore primer is the
L'Oreal infallible primer I'm going to
start by using this one to prime my face
today I'm just applying the primer using
my fingers and making sure that I work
it into the skin I'm going to use the
L'Oreal True Match in shade ivory rose
and I'm actually going to mix that with
the bourgeois CC cream mixing them
together means I'll get a neutral shade
that should be the right color for my
skin so I'm just working that into my
skin and I'm using the zoeva 102 silk
finished foundation brush to do this I'm
going to conceal any blemishes that are
still showing through the foundation
using the Rimmel match perfection
concealer so I'm just patting this
gently into my skin just to cover up any
of those breakouts that are still
sharing I still have hope that I will
find an amazing drug still concealer I
just really haven't found it yet and
it's starting to get frustrating but I'm
hoping that I will manage to get it soon
with our base done I'm going to move
straight on to contouring and today I
have the NYX wonder stick and this is a
highlight and contour stick so one end
it has a highlighter and the other end
you kind of get it has a contour I'm
going to apply it in the hollows of my
cheeks sides of my chin
sides of my nose and along my forehead
now that our contour is applied I'm just
going to start blending that out I'm
going to take the highlighting end of
the 1/2 stick and this doesn't look too
much lighter than my skin but I'm gonna
give it a shot and see what we can do
once again I'm just going to blend out
that cream stick using my foundation
brush I'm going to set that base using
the nyx HD studio powder with our base
done let's move on and move in to the
eye shadow I'm going to start by priming
my eyes and to do that I'm just going to
use some of the same match perfection
concealer that we use to cover our
blemishes from earlier so I'm just going
to apply this onto my eyelids and then
just gently Pat that in I'm going to set
that concealer using the makeup
revolution touch me
eyes shadow I'm just going to apply that
all over the lid taking it all the way
up through the eyebrows next I'm going
to move on to the undress me two palette
and I'm going to take the shade a lavish
which is this matte matte it's kind of
like a taupe in nude shades apply that
straight into the crease going to move
on to this shirt here which is called
obsessed it's like a dark taupe P Brown
I'm just going to use a pencil brush and
apply that in the inner and outer
corners of my eye and I'm just going to
blend out that shadow next I'm going to
deepen up that halo eye using the shade
corrupt
now that our dark shadows are blended
out I'm just going to take the shade
fiery and I'm just going to Pat that
straight into the lid then I'm going to
take the shade devotion and just press
that just into the very center of the
lid and this is just to add a really
bright highlight moving on to eyeliner
I'm going to line my eyes using the
Bourjois ultra black liner stylo I'm
just going to apply a little bit more of
the makeup Rev touch me eyes shadow feel
like I've brought that eyeshadow up a
little bit too high so I just want to
knock it down a little bit and for
lashes I'll be using the Vegas nay Ilia
shining star lashes with our lashes done
I'm just going to apply a small coat of
the Maybelline lash sensational mascara
let's fill in our brows today I'll be
using the NYX eyebrow cake powder I'm
going to take the lightest shade from
the palette and start outlining my brows
using that powder next I'm going to take
the darker shade and just add a little
bit more depth to my brows now that our
brows are done I'm just going to clean
up my under eye area and get back to the
concealer to conceal my under eye area
I'll be used in the 17 state I'm
concealer in shade extra fair not gonna
live itself kind of smells like paint
I don't know why it does but it does
I'm also going to apply the 17 concealer
just onto my chin my Cupid's bow the tip
of my nose and my forehead and then I'm
going to take the L'Oreal Lumi magique
and just apply this in the under eye
area I'm going to set my under eye area
using the NYX HD studio powder finish
off the under eye area by going back to
the obsessed eyes shadow I'm just going
to apply this under the lower lash line
and bring it in towards the center of my
eyelids
but I'm going to make sure that I leave
some space in the center I'm going to
apply fiery just into the center of the
lower lash area
now let's add some warmth to the face
I'm going to be using the bourgeois
chocolate bronzer to add a little bit of
glow and warmth to my skin
but blusher today I'll be using deep
Milani
illuminating face powder and this is
shade number three and this powder is
going to act as both our blusher and
hour highlighter today finally let's
finish off this look with some lipstick
today I'll be wearing the Maybelline
pink brown color sensational lipstick
and I'm just going to add a touch of
shade 8:1 too delicate pearl into the
center and here is the finished look but
this is my drugstore party makeup look
and I did this look using 100%
drugstore product the absolute hero of
this makeup look has to be the MUA
undress me to palette now this palette I
think was 4 pounds when I bought it it's
an absolute bargain and I love it I
believe it is actually a dupe for the
Naked 2 palette so if you do have the
Naked 2 then you could probably do this
entire look
using that palette as well I've been
testing out this black back France today
I don't know why but I just wasn't
feeling the pink and the fairy lights
anymore I say pink it was cushioned but
I just wasn't feeling the fairy lights
today if you have any background
suggestions then do let me know what
they are in the comment section below
and I will definitely investigate them
thank you so much for watching as always
please don't forget to like this video
and give it a huge thumbs up and of
course don't forget to subscribe so you
never miss a video I'll see you guys
soon bye
