hi guys and welcome back in today's
tutorial I'm going to be showing you how
to do this kind of silver sultry smoky
eye look so I did this I like using the
brand new urban decay naked smoky
palette I'm not being paid or sponsored
at all to do this video I was just lucky
enough to have you sent to me in the
mail and asked you guys on Twitter what
eyes shadow palette you'd like to see me
doing look using and you will set this
one so this is what you've got today I
hope you enjoy and I'll see you guys
soon bye let's start with a primer today
I'll be using the l'oreal infallible
mattifying base primer and i'm just
going to apply that all over my face
using shade d7 from the derma color
quintet I'm just going to dull down any
redness that's showing on my face now
I'm not trying to fully concealed at
this point I just want to give us a nice
even starting ground before we apply our
foundation mix in the Mac BB cream and
the L'Oreal True Match together has to
be my favorite face routine of this
summer I love how it gives a flawless
yet dewy and natural look with our
foundation applied let's move straight
on to the eyes now first things I want
to create an even base so I'm going to
use these soft ochre paint spots from
Mac I love this I'm going to be moving
on to the naked smoky palette this
palette is amazing to start I'm going to
be taking shade 13 and I'm going to
apply that all over my lids just to set
the Paint Pot before moving on to
combust
now this shade I'm just going to use in
the crease and blend that out before
moving on to password now password I'm
going to use in the outer V of my eye
and I'm also going to bring this into
the inner V as well and just directly
into the crease now make sure that
you're fully blending that out before
you move on to black market now this one
I'm properly going to concentrate in
that outer V and also in the inner V
this will give us that halo sort of
spotlight eye
look and again i'm blending this bully
to try and smoke that eyeshadow out take
your time on this one it's so much
better to build up that color gradually
than to go in full force and not be able
to rescue it if you make a mistake i'm
going to be using the NYX jumbo eye
pencil in shade milk to create a sort of
base for the center of my spotlight eye
next I'm going to move on to shade armor
which is this beautiful glittery silver
now because we've got that milk pencil
there that's really going to make the
silver pop and create that lightness
that we want in the center taking a
little bit more of that black market
shadow just to emphasize and really get
that darkness on the inner and out of
the off the eyes next I'm going to take
shade high and I'm just going to Pat
that straight into the center with the
lid to give us a gorgeous highlight
before blending out to make sure all our
transitions are seamless I'm going to
line my upper waterline you can use any
black eyeliner for this before moving on
to my liquid liner to create a small
wing on this I just to give it a little
bit more depth before we add our lashes
I've never tried these lashes before but
I thought I'd give them a shot these are
the Ilia false lashes and they are
number one for free from the exaggerated
line I'm going to fill in my brows today
using the Anastasia brow Wiz in shade
type there's no real reason for me using
type today except I've run out of medium
brown bad times guys bad times let's
finish off that skin I'm taking d1 W and
D for mixing them on the back of my hand
and then just applying them I think this
is with an eye shadow brush once I've
targeted any areas I'm just going to
blend that all out using my Real
Techniques miracle complexion sponge
moving on to the under eye area I have
no idea why I chose this bourgeois
concealer for this today I'm not a huge
fan of it to be honest I haven't used it
in months but yeah better luck next time
I'm going to highlight using the L'Oreal
Paris lumi magique and this is just to
add some brightness
just some lightness to the center of my
face really so I'm just going to blend
that out using my finger and then moving
on to the sponge to make sure it's all
flawless using the Ben line neutral set
colorless powder I'm just going to set
my concealer in my under eye area and
also the center of my face so I'm just
going to apply it using a fluffy brush
and then just brush off any excess that
may be still there I'm going to finish
off the under eye area and basically I'm
going to do the same as the lid so I'm
taking blackmarket
on the inner and outer corner of my eye
and I'm going to finish that off using
shade armor just in the center finish
those eyes off with a few coats of
mascara let's move on to contour in and
today I'll be using the crown brush ten
color contouring palette now I think of
this palette as sort of like a dupe for
the Anastasia Beverly Hills powder
contour palette it's really good and
definitely worth trying I'll be using
the Milani baked blush in Luminoso
and I'm just going to sweep that onto my
cheeks back to the naked smoky palette
I'm going to apply it shade high into
the tear duct area because while I just
wanted a little bit more sparkle on the
eyes really I'm going to finish off the
face with the mirror Luminizer which is
my all-time favorite highlighter in case
you didn't notice because I use in every
video for lipstick I'll be using the
Maybelline nudes perfection and this is
one of the color drama lip crayons I do
really like these lip crayons to be
honest they are some of my favorites but
then I say that and I only own two of
them does that still count I'm not sure
and here's the finished look my acne
coverage naked smoky makeup tutorial
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this tutorial and you
what I actually love this eyeshadow
palette there are so many gorgeous
shadows in this palette and I think I'm
going to be wearing it like all the time
from now on highly recommend this
palette I love it I think it retails for
around 38 pounds here in the UK so I'm
presuming that's about 50 $60 or
something in the US or you guys probably
get stuff cheaper so probably cheaper
than that actually thinking about it um
thank you so much for watching I hope
you enjoyed this tutorial and let me
know in the comments if there are any
other products you would like to see me
try using an in a tutorial or doing a
little review on just let me know thanks
for watching and guys please don't
forget to give this video a huge thumbs
up because that really helps my channel
out and don't forget to subscribe so you
never miss a video I'll see you guys
soon bye
