in today's tutorial I'm going to be
giving you my first impressions on a few
drugstore products I've never tried
before to prime my skin I'm going to be
using the l'oreal infallible mattifying
base primer and I'm going to apply this
all over my face
especially concentrating in any oily
areas to color correct I'll be using the
Max Factor CC color corrector and I'm
going to apply this using my finger so
if you have hyperpigmentation oily acne
or scarring like me this product is a
waste of time full foundation I'll be
using the l'oreal true match in shade n
1 and i'm applying this using my zoeva
foundation brush now as the CC color
corrector was absolutely terrible my
foundation needs to work a little bit
harder so I've gone for this one today
another new product this is the
collection cover and go foundation and
concealer I've scraped a small amount
onto the back of my hand and then I'm
going to be using the brush to apply
people blending that out use of my
finger this product is quite chair so
again if you're scarring or pigmentation
is quite severe this likely won't cut it
by itself for any areas still showing
I'll be using the collection lasting
perfection concealer and I'm just using
my brush to apply that before blending
that concealer out using my finger for
the brows I'll be using the soap & Glory
archery pencil now if you're looking for
a good brow product on a budget I love
this one it's a brilliant dupe or the
other stars a Beverly Hills brow wiz to
set my brows I'll be using the Rimmel
bro this way clear brow gel for
eyeshadow today I'll be using the makeup
revolution iconic matte - palette and
I'm just taking this light creamy yellow
shade and I'm going to apply that all
my laser right up to my brow bone before
taking this medium brown shade so I'm
going to concentrate to this brown shade
into the crease and I'm just going to
softly buff that out before taking the
darker brown shade and then this one I'm
going to apply into the outer v of my
eyes and then I'm just going to swap
brush to a fluffy brush to just blend
that out and make sure it's all looking
flawless using the NYX jumbo eye pencil
in cottage cheese I'm just going to
highlight to the tear duct area and
softly blend that into the eye shadow on
the inner corner of my eye and another
new product today I'll be trying the
next super skinny
marker eyeliner this eyeliner is pretty
good it's easy to apply the black dries
black my only negative would be that I
wish the tip had more flexibility to
make it easier when drawing wings for
mascara I'm going to be using the
bourgeois Volume one second mascara and
this one has this really cute limited
edition summer packaging using the
collection lasting perfection concealer
I'm going to conceal my under eye area
so I'm just going to apply it straight
from the tube before switching to a
brush and this is just an eye shadow
brush so I'm just going to use the
feather that concealer out to make sure
it's all perfectly blended I'm going to
use the L'Oreal Lumi magique
highlighting pen just to highlight under
my eyes and I'm just going to apply it
and then blend it out using my fingers
for blush today I'll be trying out the
Milani Coral Cove blush now I had
absolutely no idea that this blush was
this bright as you can tell by how much
I've put on my face I look ridiculous if
this has happened to you just take your
foundation brush and tone it down to
highlight I'm going to be trying out the
NYX liquid illuminator and I'm applying
it to the tops of my cheeks and my nose
and my cupids though I do have to say I
was disappointed with this one guys for
lipstick today I'm going to be using the
Maybelline Color drama lip
crayon and this is in shade news
perfection
I'm not going to line my lips today
instead I'm just going to apply the lip
crayon all over my lips and make sure
it's like an even coat to add a touch of
gloss I'll be using the MUA sheer finish
lip gloss in shades news I'm just going
to apply it and then use my finger
distribute and here's the finished look
my everyday drugstore makeup
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this tutorial and if
you have any suggestions for future drug
store looks you'd like to see me try
then please do let me know in the
comment section below thank you so much
for watching and if you enjoyed this
video then please don't forget to give
it a huge thumbs up because it really
helps my channel out and don't forget to
subscribe so you never miss a video I'll
see you guys soon bye
