hi guys and welcome back in today's
tutorial I'm going to be showing you how
to do this
acne coverage sexy sultry kind of smokey
eyed look I hope you enjoy and I'll see
you guys soon bye
I'm going to prime my skin using the
l'oreal infallible mattifying primer and
I'm just applying that using my
fingertips all over my face but
especially concentrating on the areas
where I get the most oily I'm going to
mix together the l'oreal true match
foundation with the Bourjois healthy mix
foundation this one is pink toned this
one is too yellow toned by mixing them
together I end up with a neutral toned
Foundation which is good for my skin
to cover my breakouts I'm going to be
using the collection lasting perfection
concealer in the shade affair I'm just
going to Pat that concealer in using my
fingers to add a slight contour to my
face I'm going to be using the in the
mask a cream pigment in the shade hollow
going to apply this in the hollows of my
cheeks temples I'm going to blend that
cream pigment out using my Real
Techniques buffing brush which is the
same brush that we used to apply our
foundation set to my base I'm going to
be using the NYX matte finish setting
spray and I'm just going to spray this
onto my Real Techniques miracle
complexion sponge bounce that sponge all
over the areas where we applied our
concealer and Foundation and our contour
to warm up for my complexion I'm going
to be using the bourgeois chocolate
bronzer today to fill in my brows I'm
going to be using the safe & Glory
archery pencil
to set my brows I'm going to be using
the Anastasia Beverly Hills clear brow
gel with our brows done and let's move
on and move in for the eye shadow to
prime my eyes I'm going to be using the
Mac Paint Pot in shade soft ochre oh my
eyes are there today
I'm going to be using the Anastasia
Beverly Hills artist palette I'm going
to take this cream shapes here called
buttery I'm just going to sweep that all
over the lid take this beautiful trophy
shaped here called dusty rose I'm
applying this slightly just above the
crease and bringing it outwards next I'm
going to take the shade aubergine I'm
going to apply that in the crease I'm
also going to bring this down into the
outer V and I'm just going to blend that
out softly once again I'm going to apply
that aubergine shade in the crease and
I'm just trying to gradually build up
that color by applying and blending it
out finally I'm going to take this black
shade here called cold applying this
just in the outer V
my undereye I'm going to take these
shade dusty rose and then using a pencil
brush I'm going to apply aubergine on
the lower lash line finally I'm going to
apply a small amount of the shade coal
in the outer third of my lower lash line
next i'm going to tightline my lashes
using the Maybelline master precise
liquid liner and I'm just aiming to get
this as close to my lash line as
possible to line my waterline I'm going
to be using the news end of the
Maybelline the big erase liner for my
lashes today I'm going to be using the
vintage cosmetic companies lashes in
Kitty
I'm just going to curl my lashes to make
sure that they're fused together to
ensure any of the eyelash glue is
covered I'm going to go it back over my
lashes using the Maybelline master
precise eyeliner I'm going to clean up
my tear duct area before applying my
Maybelline big eyes liner once man going
to add a coat of mascara to might lower
lashes with our eyes done let's move on
to concealer and the rest of our face to
clean up my under eye area I'm going to
be using the Charlotte Tilbury
retoucher in shade one which is fair
apply this straight in the under eye
area and bring it down in a slight
triangle I'm just going to Pat that
concealer in using my fingers
just take a small amount of that dusty
rose I shadow to just ease off that
transition before my blush I'm going to
be using the Max Factor cream puff blush
in shade lovely pink I'm just going to
apply a very small amount of this onto
the apples of my cheeks to line my lips
I'm going to be using the number 7
precision and lip liner pencil and I
think this is in shade nude I've lost
the cap but I will try and work it out
and let you know on screen
but I'm just going to slowly start
filling them in for lipstick I'm going
to be using the anastasia beverly hills
liquid lipstick in shade pure Hollywood
to really finish the look off I'm going
to be using my makeup revolution
highlighter and this is in shade golden
light sweep this just over the top of my
cheekbones but I'm also going to take
that on the tear duct I'll add one final
spritz of the matte finish spray and
here's the finished look thank you so
much for watching I really hope you
enjoyed this tutorial and the iris
tarsier palette is freaking amazing so
if you haven't ever tried Anastasio
eyeshadows before I would highly
recommend because they are so good I
love them um if you enjoyed this video
then please don't forget to give it a
huge thumbs up because it really helps
my channel out and of course don't
forget to subscribe so you never miss a
video I'll see you guys soon bye
you
