I feel like the theme of today's video
will be I really really wanted to like
the products but it's 2018 and that
means that we get to leave all the
really really bad from 2017 behind and
try and forget that any of it ever
happens there were a few beauty products
which I totally fell in love with far
exceeded any kind of expectations that I
had about what a beauty products should
be or what a beauty products could be
however today's video isn't actually
about those be kind of one good beauty
products that you find there are at
least ten which are absolutely kind of
horrific and still not over that hair
removal device and that was on the tail
end of 2016 I wanted to sit down and get
all nostalgic and kind of have a little
bit of a beauty of reminiscent retro
moment trying to say let's reminisce
over all of the products which not only
brought me pain and suffering gave me
acne made me look like a cakey mess
let's just say cheers the 2017 teen I
went to Lush Cosmetics and I purchased a
bunch of makeup product and buy a bunch
I mean I basically purchased one of
every maker product they sell what a
starter had I known how bad those
products would be I would not have spent
that much money on them anybody know
they were that bad am I the only person
who's living under a rock I had no idea
they were that bad I got bronzer
everywhere my hair jeans my t-shirt my
blooming floor it took so long to mop
have you ever tried to get in bronzing
powder or makeup powder out of the keys
of a laptop that is not fun
blush I love your bath bombs I love your
soap are you feeling okay like what was
happening in that factory that day leads
me on to the second disaster of the list
today and then I see Elisabetta how poor
face mask I basically learned two things
from film in that video number one if
something is called how poor do not use
it number two you law are a bunch of
bloody savages who enjoyed every second
to the point
I am getting DM saying please test more
painful product I like it when it hurts
you thanks guys these are Becca how poor
mask claims to revitalize your skin get
rid of those pesky blackheads and leave
your skin feeling nourish this foam not
give you like new year new you but it
might give you new year probably gonna
need some new skin one of the most hyped
yet slightly kind of painful product
launches of the year has to go to the
Anastasia Beverly Hills subculture
palette everyone I have been an
Anastasia Beverly Hills fan girl for
what seems like forever I fell in love
with dip brow pomade back in like 2014
and then the subculture palette launched
and I was like what
spit do you just see that are you
freaking kidding me
jacket is now covered I purchased my
subculture palette myself and I also
purchased it on launch day and played
for the expedited shipping it arrived
fairly quickly I was super impressed and
then I kind of put the package somewhere
in my apartment and basically lost it
for a couple of days oops
I literally struggled to blend it out
and every time I've tried to use it
since have also struggles to the point
where it is an unworkable and unusable
palette like night and day with my
affection for the modern renaissance
palette which again I totally totally
love I even made a point of discussing
the subculture palettes like privately
with an industry makeup artist friends
worked in the film industry for years
and years and years really wanted to
kind of dissect this palette and see
what it was all about and mixed it using
the LaMotte collage makeup mix in media
I just tried the mixin medium it
basically accelerates the oxidizing
problem everyone has described I now
wonder if rather than oxidized what's
actually happening is it's mixing on the
eyelids with the natural oils not pretty
yeah not only it was the oxidization
slightly ridiculous the shadows looked
murky I feel like the social media for
all and hate and everything that kind of
went down on social media surrounding
this law
is also kind of Mickey and nasty and
ridiculous to I will never not be honest
about my thoughts and feelings and
envisions though oh it definitely got me
taking off that Paola step lines
there is nothing I enjoy more than
finding an incredible product at a low
price point that is the dream and one
day I'm gonna get there when I test a
new foundation I try and keep it really
pared down really minimal so you can get
a good indication of what's happening on
my face without kind of being distracted
by like luminous green eyeshadow because
I would just I would be there like just
staring at the eyeshadow not paying
attention to the skin thoria my life my
dislike for a particular foundation or
in this instance the Milani 2 in 1
foundation seemed to kind of obsessed
quite a few people didn't like how it
looked I didn't like how it wore out the
day I didn't like to finish the fact I
didn't like how cakey it looked it
really did not work for me but that does
not mean under any circumstances that
you cannot like it everybody has
different skin type and everybody's
faces react differently to different
product you loved it and I didn't that
is ok you do you or you do Milani but
I'm just gonna well do anything else
except this one sorry Milani
I don't think I have ever been so let
down and disappointed by the results of
a foundation that I have been after
trying the Dior skin forever foundation
abide you know I freakin adored house
Goods this foundation looked on raw
beauty Christie I was literally like I
need that foundation I need to try it my
skin has never reacted this badly to a
foundation like ever and it took so
freakin long for that flare-up to die
down and for my skin to kind of get back
to normal whatever kind of like normal
skin is when you got acne so sad because
the foundation looked so nice on the
skin if I literally can never really
about foundation ever again I was so
shocked at the number of you guys who
had also had
same kind of weird adverse reaction and
I have never seen a beauty comment
section filled with that many adverse
reactions in my life few of you guys
said that you think it's the bismuth
oxychloride which has been breaking me
out oh you think it's the alg√∫n which is
brown algae I am so impressed a that you
notice these things be that you take the
time to comment these things and say
that you care that you want to let me
know that you think that this particular
ingredient may not be working for me I
am gonna keep both of those ingredients
on my watch list and keep a check on
those I feel like this may be the most
controversial product on the list I
don't hate this product and I don't love
it either
instead I kind of found this product to
be pretty lackluster that goes for
performance finish coverage price and
just generally the whole thing an
honorary foundation mention goes to the
hut a beauty faux filter foundation had
I not seen or made my had a beauty
testing videos I literally would have
forgotten that this foundation exists
already
it was just forgettable and lackluster
just got a thumbs-up for Italy number
seven on the list is the derma call
foundation hosted be this incredible
product that will cover any and all
pigmentation or blemishes or redness you
name it this is supposed to copyright
only aware that some of you guys are
gonna be watching this and be like you
hate the product
why are you including it in your worst
products list I really really questioned
ways of working and how this brand
conducts themselves the amount of emails
I have received what I wish this brand
would stop promoting their product using
my face using my acne images acts like I
am endorsing it which I am not may not
be the world's shittiest makeup product
but in terms of moles when it comes to
advertising use of my image where I
haven't even used the product before
really damn I'm just gonna keep this
next one pretty real
shortly concise eyeshadow stenciled
eyebrows Ansel eyeliner stencils
lipstick stencils contour stencil
stencil stencils just-just-just no just
no and there we go guys those are my
picks for the worst beauty products of
2017 there's nothing personal against
these brands well maybe except
demikhov I just felt like the products
could have been better
or maybe just didn't work for my skin
like the case of the Dior Foundation and
the adverse reaction I know that I'm
gonna be thinking about this video in
like a week's time and be like why did I
not include that product it sucks so
maybe I need to do like a seasonal
review or something I don't know let me
know what you guys think thank you so
much for watching I would love to hear
your worst products from the year so
please do leave them in the comment
section down below thank you so much for
watching don't forget to hit that
subscribe button and I'll see you guys
soon bye
