hi guys and welcome back to my channel
in today's tutorial I'm going to be
showing you how to do this girls night
out dark lips and matte eye look I'm
going out for dinner with one of my
girlfriends tonight and I thought I
would share with you the look I'll be
wearing I haven't done a dark lip look
on my channel yet so I thought I'd try
that out today using the Anastasia
liquid lipsticks I really hope you enjoy
this tutorial and I'll see you guys soon
bye full foundation I'm going to be
using the NARS sheer glow foundation in
shade 1 Siberia I'm going to apply that
using my Real Techniques buffing brush
to conceal my blemishes I'm going to be
using the collection lasting perfection
concealer in shade affair if you have a
beauty blender you can use the beauty
blend to do this but I like to use my
fingers to brighten my under-eye area
and to conceal any dark circles I'm
going to be using the Bourjois healthy
mix concealer in shade 51 I'm going to
apply this using micronet C four-for-one
deluxe crease brush I'm also going to
bring the bourgeois concealer onto the
bridge of my nose and just up above my
eyebrows sets that I'm going to be using
the Ben Nye neutral set colorless powder
and I'm just going to take some of that
into my hand and then using my Real
Techniques contour brush I'm just going
to set that to carve out my cheekbones
and add some definition to my face I'm
going to be using the Illamasqua cream
pigment in shade hollow it's going to
stuff my Real Techniques contour brush
into this and then I'm just going to
apply this
I'm also going to bring that on to my
temples and slightly into the center of
my foreheads respite and to the sides of
my nose I'm also going to take that
cream contour shade just underneath my
jawline just to make my jaw seem sharper
I'm just pushing it in an upwards
direction on my cheekbones and then I'm
just going to set that using a little
bit more my Ben Nye colas powder for
blush I'm going to be using the max back
to a cream puff blush in shades
lovely pink I'm just applying this to
the apples of my cheeks
to highlight I'm going to be using the
bombs mary lou manizer highlighter crap
and prime my eyes i'm going to be using
the Mac Paint Pot in shade soft ochre
lion that using my fingertip and I'm
putting it all over the lid right up to
the eyebrows for my brows I'm going to
be using the anastasia beverly hills
dipbrow pomade in shade medium brown
I'm going to clean up my brows using my
concealer brush and my collection
concealer
without brows done let's move on to my
eyeshadow on my eyeshadow today I'm
going to be using the urban decay in
their kids to basics palette you can use
any matte eyeshadow palette for this all
you need is a collection of new Chad
oohs ranging from light to dark start
with I'm going to take the shade here
which is called Stark
it's a fleshy nude shadow and I'm just
going to apply this into the crease and
all over the lid so this color is going
to act as our transition show
next I'm going to take this medium shade
here called cover and I'm just going to
concentrate that in the crease and the
outer V I'm just concentrating this in
the outer V and I'm slightly just
dragging it over towards my the
sentiment I'm just going to take a large
fluffy brush and just make sure that's
all blended seamlessly to add a little
bit more definition I'm going to take
this medium dark shade called primal I'm
using a crown at c-46 one pencil brush
for this just rolling that and pushing
that into the very outer V once again
I'm going to be using my large C full
full one deluxe blending crease to make
sure that's all seamless and to apply a
small amount of the cover eye shadow
just on the lower lash line know if you
want to add a little bit of glitz to
this look you can apply a glitter or a
shimmer shadow just in this section here
I want to keep my eyes quite maps today
so I'm going to apply a little bit extra
of that stark shadow just to make sure
we've got a clear definition from light
stock just going to touch up the inner
corner of the eye using the stock
eyeshadow and I'm going to blend that
out
to add a little touch of grammar I'm
going to be using the bombs
mary-lou manizer and i'm going to apply
this in tear duct area for eyeliner I'm
going to be using the Maybelline big
eyes liner I'm going to use the nude end
in my waterline and the black end to
tightline my eyes for mascara I'm going
to be using the bourgeois Volume one
second mascara in black
finally to lift my brow bone I'm going
to apply a small amount of the mary lou
manizer just under my arch for my lips
I'm going to be using the Anastasia
Beverly Hills liquid lipstick in the
shade
I've applied one coat at the lipstick so
I'm just going to apply another one now
just to make sure it's all even and
flawless I'm just going to clean up my
lips using a concealer brush I wasn't
going to add any lashes to this look but
after applying my lipstick I feel like I
just need to balance my eyes out a
little bit more so I'm going to apply my
ardell demi wispies luscious and here's
the finished look
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this tutorial if you've
got any suggestions for other videos
that you'd love to see from me then
please do let me know in the comment
section below
as always don't forget to give it a huge
thumbs up because it really helps my
channel look and of course don't forget
to subscribe so you never miss a video
I'll see you guys soon bye
