hi guys and welcome back in today's
tutorial I'm going to be showing you how
to do this pink pink
spring inspired makeup look I really
hope you enjoy this tutorial and I'll
see you guys soon bye I've already
moisturized my face using my Nivea
moisturizing cream now I'm going to
prime my face using my pixi by petra
pore minimizing primer I'm just going to
apply that using my fingertips and I'm
going to apply in circular my lips are
quite dry so I'm just going to apply
some of the Elizabeth Arden 8 hour cream
lip cream do you ever feel like
Cinderella and when you use a ribbon to
tie your hair back or is that just me
the foundation I'm going to be using the
Mac prep and prime BB cream with a
single drop of the Mac mineralized
foundation in NC 15 I'm going to apply
that using my Nancy flawless foundation
brush I'm just going to stipple it on
now I'm going to buff that into the skin
to get it looking at even and below it
cover my blemishes I'm going to be using
the collection lasting perfection
concealer in the shade
Bennett I'm just going to tap that
concealer in now using my finger to
conceal under my eyes and to add some
brightness to the center of my face I'm
going to be using the NARS radiant
creamy concealer in the shade one
shortly I'm just going to tap this in to
make sure that's all seamlessly blended
I'm just going to use my foundation
brush to finish it off to set my
foundation and concealer I'm going to be
using the Ben Nye colorless powder dry
rub some warmth to my face I'm going to
be using the bourgeois chocolate bronzer
in shade
52 for blush I'm going to be using the
Max Factor cream puff blush in lovely
and paint the highlight I'm going to be
using the Platinum shade from the sleek
highlighting palette it's gonna work a
little bit onto my fingers
cymatics to prime my eyes and even at my
skintone I'm going to be using the Mac
Paint Pot in shade soft ochre I'm just
going to apply this onto my finger and
then this right onto the lid for my
eyebrows I'm going to be using the
anastasia beverly hills dipbrow pomade
and today i'm using shade medium brown
on my eyes shadow i'm going to be using
the makeup revolution iconic 3 palette
so this palette is a dupe for the Urban
Decay Naked 3 loose - feel free to use
whichever palettes you want all you need
is a range of pink tones in mattes and
shimmers to start with I'm going to take
this shade hair and I'm going to work
that into the crease going back and
forth in a windscreen point
next I'm going to take this shade here
which is a sort of a pinky Brown I'm
just going to concentrate this color in
the inner V and the outer V I'm trying
to make sure that the center of the lid
stays as clear as possible and I'm just
bringing it in the inner V and the outer
V going to take this right back in that
pink symmetries just into the center to
make sure there are no harsh outlines to
my eyeshadow I'm going to take a big
fluffy brush and just blend all that to
apply my glitter I'm going to be using
the alpha glitter primer the glitter
that I'm going to be using today is the
Mac limited edition Cinderella glitter
I'm just going to apply some glue onto
the center of my eyelids using my finger
and I'm just great
I'm just going to take my large fluffy
brush and just make sure all my
transition to blends is using a small
pencil brush I'm going to take that dark
color that we used in the out of the and
just gently run it on my lower lash line
to really make my eyes pop I'm going to
go back to the sleek makeup highlighting
palette and I'm going to be using the
shade platinum in the inner corner of my
eyes I'm going to tightline my eyes
using the Maybelline big eyes liner and
I'm going to use the black end I'm going
to apply the nude end of that big eyes
liner in my waterline next apply your
eye lashes today I'm wearing the dummy
wispy lashes in I'm just going to curl
my lashes to make sure they're properly
fused together I'm going to add a single
great of the Urban Decay perversion
mascara okay I'm just gonna get a wet
wipe to clean that up and I'll be right
back with our eyes shadow done I'm just
going to take the enlighted shade from
my makeup revolution palette I'm just
going to apply that under the brow bone
I'm going to line my lips using the Mac
hip and happy in it
lipstick I'm going to be using the NYX
sweet pink lipstick and then I'm going
to take a lip brush and I'm just going
to make sure that sharp and here's the
finished look I think pink spring
inspired makeup
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this tutorial and leave
all the products info in the description
box below I'd love to hear your thoughts
on this look so please do let me know in
the comments and it's acceptable to wear
flower crowns out in public in April
right I mean like that's close enough to
summer yeah don't forget to give this
video a huge thumbs up because that
really helps my channel out and of
course don't forget to subscribe so you
never miss a video and I'll see you guys
soon bye
