hi guys and welcome back in today's
makeup tutorial I'm going to be showing
you how to do this super quick and easy
Margot Robbie inspired makeup look I
hope you enjoy this makeup look let me
know in the comments thank you so much
and I hope you enjoy full foundation I'm
going to be using the NYX HD photogenic
foundation and the NARS sheer glow in
Siberia I'm going to apply that using my
Nancy and I think this is the buffing
brush foundation is done so now I'm
going to move on to concealer to conceal
my blemishes I'm going to be using the
collection lasting perfection concealer
in affair I'm just gonna pop this over
the areas where I need it the most
which today does not seem to be my
entire face which is always a benefit
I'm just going to tap that in I'm
tapping it because I don't want it to
move from the area I've placed it and I
find that when I use a brush I move it
about my face a bit more with the
blemishes covered now I'm going to move
on to concealer under my eyes and
getting rid of any dark circles that
I've got I'm going to be using the NARS
radiant creamy concealer I'm also going
to put it down my nose my Cupid's bow
forehead just under my chin
I'm just going to tap this in
I'm just going to take my foundation
brush and just buff that into blender
next I'm going to take my Ben Nye
neutral set colorless powder and I'm
only going to apply a tiny amount of
this powder because I still want my skin
to look a little bit dewy but I want it
to make sure that it's sat at the same
time Margeaux skin has a really
beautiful glow to it so to recreate that
I'm going to be using the bourgeois
bronzing powder this is in shade 52 I'm
just applying that into the hollows of
my cheeks as well and just done the
outer edges of my face and I'm also
going to bring that slightly down my
neck as well and the outer edges of my
jaw to keep my blusher really natural
I'm actually going to use a cream blush
today this is the mua makeup academy
blush perfection cream blusher in shade
dolly I'm pretty sure this blush is only
one pound which is crazy and I'm just
going to concentrate on the cheek area
here I'm just gonna stiffen that on and
bring it up slightly and I guess the key
with this is to not put too much on to
add that gorgeous glowy highlight I'm
going to be using mary lou manizer
highlighter this one comes out quite
golden so if you're paler than me you
might want to swatch it or have a look
at some swatches online because it might
be a little bit too gold for you I find
depending on how much I use it can be
too much or it can be okay just go in
with a light hand on this if you are
pale I'm just going to apply this
highlighter just on the tops of my
cheekbones and then I'm going to bring
it up once in my arch I'm also going to
bring this highlighter onto my nose like
concentrate on the tip of my nose just
to lift it also down the bridge or
Cupid's bow
Marko's eyeshadow in this look is a
really really natural so I'm actually
going to cover my entire lid with the
mary lou manizer in this makeup look
Margaux has a really fierce brow to do
that I'm going to be using the anastasia
beverly hills dipbrow pomade and this is
in shade taupe just going to brush up my
brows with a lash comb because I don't
know where my spoolie is and when you
are you know in need you use whatever
you go I'm going to apply my dip brow
and upward strokes to try and mimic the
appearance of hairs I'm just going to go
around and eating them up now using my
collection lasting perfection concealer
now that our brows are neatened let's
move on to our eyes shadow you guys seem
to be loving the color band eyeshadows
from Bourjois
I use them in my last video in a couple
of different colors so I'm going to use
them again today you're going to start
off by applying the bourgeois color band
I shadow in shade number three which is
beige minimalist then I'm gonna do the
same on the other side I'm also going to
take this under my eye as well well I'm
just gonna smudge that out with my
finger the bourgeois caliban eyeshadow
in shade oh my god run dad dost don't
iced run to those Brown something um
number two I'm a team this is shade
number two I'm just going to apply it as
close to the lashes as possible the
great thing about these color band eye
shadow sticks is that you really don't
have to be a too neat so once I've
applied that is close to my lash line as
possible I'm just going to smudge that
backwards I'm also going to take a very
small amount of that on my lower lashes
as well concentrating this in the outer
corner I'm just going to smudge that
across
so adds a little bit more definition I'm
going to apply some of the bourgeois
contour clubbing waterproof eyeliner and
this is in shade 57 which is up aunt
Brown this is mainly just add a little
bit more definition and just open my
eyes up slightly I'm also going to take
a very tiny amount of this bourgeois
eyeliner and I'm just going to bring
this into the outer lower B of the eye
we've done our eye shadow so now it's on
to my favourite bit and I'm going to
apply my favourite lashes and these are
the Ardell natural demi wispies lashes
in black
to make sure my lashes are fierce
together I'm going to apply a single
coat of the benefit of roller lash
mascara I'm just going to apply a single
coat
to recreate Margo's oranjee red lips I'm
going to be using the Bourjois Rouge
Edition Valverde's lipstick in shade hot
pepper this is the only orange e red
lipstick that I own I think because I
don't tend to buy them I just don't
think they suit me but I really like how
it looks on Margaux so I'm gonna give it
a shot
and who knows I might like it I'm like
fall in love with it let's see shall we
I've applied one coat as our base and
just to make sure that I'm getting the
outline correct so now I'm just gonna go
over once more to make sure that it
stays for final touch-ups I'm just going
to route a little bit of extra concealer
just under my eyes just have that in and
here is the finished look
so thank you so much for watching I
really hope you enjoyed this tutorial I
would love to hear your thoughts so
please don't forget to give it a big
thumbs up and of course don't forget to
subscribe so you never miss a video
ah see you guys soon bye
you
you
