hi I'm M and welcome to my very first
youtube video
if I'm not in focus I'm gonna stick this
on the internet anyway let's tell what
that dad was pretty crap like and that
is what is in my handbag screw it I'm
not really sure if I've done this right
I think I have this is the Internet and
what's the worst that can happen I'm
going to make myself look like an
absolute idiot to about two people let's
face it because nobody's actually gonna
watch this are they
hey guys and welcome back as you can see
I do have a bit of acne going on at the
moment and I'm working to try and combat
that so you know happens and
everything but I am doing my best I'll
show you how I cover it and how I cover
it without looking too cakey as well I
really like how the bourgeois foundation
looks on the skin it's just too dark to
be my sole foundation is it's just it's
how dark it is compared to the rest of
my skin so it's a little bit too dark
it's a little bit too dark to wear just
on its own
I am like the world's worst blogger kind
of have this fear of talking to new
people I just can't do it I'm trying and
that's you know that's all that's all I
can do and people like oh my god it's so
easy you just say hi or you just talk to
the bucket but the full if doing that
like actually like for in some life that
on me sometimes
so I'm not exactly sure what day it is
today
and I today I decided that I wanted to
improve my self-confidence and today was
the day that I decided that I was going
to get help and today I have decided
that oh my gosh I look rough but today I
decided that I wanted to get help and
that I wanted to start going to therapy
and that I want to start improving my
self-confidence because I find that my
self-confidence is affecting far too
many things it's affecting the videos so
I put up it's affecting meeting new
people and it's starting to affect my
relationship with my friends and it kind
of gets to the point where enough is
enough
I know that I need to do something about
this I think I've just decided that I
know I need help and I'm gonna start
doing it why I'm so fed up I've not been
able to talk so camera properly and not
be a porter my phone was ringing
just up at YouTube space in London now
with government people just gonna do a
little video for her I've got a bit of a
self going at a pretty busy day so far
so you have a little walk what making me
cry though embrace it character
buildings oh there we go and that's the
end of that has brain caps or feels
insecure about themselves what's your
top tip nice anyone who makes bad
comments towards you like it's don't
sweat the small stuff like that person
their comments don't need to affect you
I know that's hard sometimes because
people can get really personal but just
don't need those people in your life or
you do you can do about it so you don't
need to let their comments affect you
over just need to believe in yourself
that's the important thing
always stay positive optimism think it's
Winston Churchill said that's not my
facebook profile right a lot of reason
in our life what you hope to achieve
that's Laurent excavator right look
Lauren stop ruining my vlog I guess the
reason that I wanted to make this video
was to raise awareness about how you
should be more mindful and more
thoughtful about the comments that you
say to other people online because a lot
of people seem to have it in their heads
that if it's on the internet you can't
get hurt by it because it's not in real
life so I kind of wanted to make a film
that shows that just because you've
typed it online and you haven't said it
to someone's face it doesn't make a
difference because those words still
hurt the same as if you were stood two
feet away from that person saying the
exact same thing so that to me is what
project wild Eve was all about and just
to raise awareness that this is going on
up there and that you shouldn't listen
to what other people say about you and
that the only thought or the only
opinion that matters is your own
and the moment that you accept yourself
and you don't that other people's poison
pollutes your mind it's the moment that
your learn to be happy and the moment
that your outlook on life could change
or the moment the way that you see
yourself could change and that was what
I was hoping to achieve with project
biology
there's a moment that the comments
changed so they're going from you look
disgusting and you look like your
skin is horrible to having the makeup on
so oh you look really pretty or you look
gorgeous so you look beautiful but then
they change because no matter how much
makeup you have on
you're still never going to be beautiful
enough or you still never going to be
pretty enough it is upsetting and a lot
of people get upset by it and I've seen
so many comments from people that said
no matter how much makeup I put on I
still don't feel pretty enough and I
still don't feel beautiful and it's the
beginning of the end take your makeup
off and you start again be a good day
but you kind of have the feeling that
maybe I'm not so bad after all and you
can look in the mirror and you can
accept yourself
it affects not just me but it affects
lots of other people and I wanted to
make a film that shows how just one line
or one word as a comment can affect how
somebody feels inside and outside no
matter how much makeup you wear or no
matter how bad your skin is or whatever
issue is that you're suffering you are
still the same person both with and
without makeup and a lot of people don't
realize that I've seen the difference in
comments that will be made if I post a
picture with makeup and if I post a
picture without makeup I'm still the
same person but we live in a world where
my worth is a person or my place and
society is judged basically on how good
my skin is or how pretty pretty I look
that day and I don't think that's fair
and
I don't think that's right and I don't
feel comfortable with that because I'm
still the same person with them without
makeup and I don't have any issues with
showing what I look like
with or without makeup but I know that a
lot of people out there do it so I
wanted to make this video for them to
show that they are still the same person
and they're the only ones that matter
