hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm talking you through how to do
this candy Queen Halloween themed makeup
look so if you want to find out how to
get this look just keep watching I'm
gonna start off by taking the Marc
Jacobs do you do drops I'm gonna blend
that up all over my skin my skin is
looking a little bit red angry and
aggressive right now I did have an
allergic reaction recently and we are
still seeing the after effect of that
I'm gonna take the Kryolan derma color
camouflage cream and use in the gray
toned shade which is this one here I'm
just gonna dull down that redness I'm
gonna take my I don't even know what
brush this is but it was an iconic
London brush and using the it cosmetics
heavenly luxe complexion perfection
brush I'm just going to very gently buff
out that color correcting concealer now
that I've evened out the majority of my
skin tone I'm going to move on to my
brows and today I have the Tanya burr
cosmetics selfie sculpt a brow pencil to
set my brows I'm using the Rimmel brow
this way argan oil brow gel today's look
is all about the eyes and I'm taking
inspiration from this really stunning
face chart by milk 142 on instagram
vibrant pink kind of smudgy smokey
fantasy eye makeup look going on my eye
shadow today I have the NYX ultimate
palette and this is the zero for brights
palette first of all I'm just going to
take this really pretty lilac shade and
just apply that into the crease and
smoke it out then moving on to this
really vibrant magenta shade and I'm
just gonna deepen up and smoke out that
eye shadow
moving on to this hurtful shade I'm also
going to take that purple into the lower
lash line I'm going to move on to this
darkest purple shade here and just smoke
that along the lower lash line I'm going
to switch palette and this is the NYX
ultimate electric palette I'm just going
to take this pink shimmer shade here and
just gently press that over the lid
going to move on and apply it some
winged liner now in my reference picture
for this there is a bit of a double wing
you don't necessarily have to go for
that if you're not feeling that brave
you can just stay with a single wing I
am I genuinely have no idea how brave
I'm feeling just yet let's see how this
applies first
pick a black pencil liner and just
smudge that out in the lower lash line
now it's time for the fun part I've got
some of the NYX vivid bright eyeliners
I've got a green a yellow lilac green
pink it and then I've got white I've got
so many of these eyeliners the beauty of
this kind of look is you could just make
it up as you go along
next I'm gonna take a small amount at
the Make Up For Ever Ultra HD foundation
stick and I'm just gonna run this
underneath that shadow next I'm gonna
take the tart shape tape concealer in
the shade fear and just pop that into
the under eye area going back to that
Make Up For Ever Ultra HD stick I'm just
going to apply some foundation over the
rest of my skin and I'm just going to
carry on and apply a little bit more of
those eyeliners in the under eye area
for mascara I'm using the Maybelline
colossal Big Shot and I'm just going to
go ahead and apply that to both my upper
and lower lashes to add some rosy glow
to my cheeks I'm using the Maybelline
master blush palette this a beautiful
pink shade here I'm just gonna sweep
that over the highest points of my
cheeks and taking the deepest darkest
shade underneath that blush as a slight
contour but with blush instead of
contour and to highlight today I'm
taking the Anastasia Beverly Hills
moonchild highlighting palette I'm going
to use this shade here which is called
pink heart I'm also going to take that
shade pink heart into the inner corners
of my eyes let's finish up with some
lips I'm taking the Maybelline Color
sensational lip liner and this is in the
shade number sixty palest pink so I'm
just going to go ahead and line my lips
using this pencil
and for my lipstick today I have the
Anastacio liquid lipstick and this is in
the shade party pink and finally to
finish up the whole look I was actually
thinking of applying some lower lash
false lashes yeah both slash lower
lashes but I really don't like apply in
them so take an eyeliner pen and just
draw on some lengthened lashes and this
is the finished look
it is my candy Queen all things sugar
and spice and nice makeup look thank you
so much for watching I hope you enjoyed
this video the main star attraction of
today's look is in fact my hat and I did
make this myself it's all made out of
foam and as you can see on the inside
it's duct taped together a lot of the
balls have fallen off it's kind of
survived let me just clip that back on
gonna work yes they are my head oh yeah
thank you so much for watching I hope
you enjoyed this video and for more let
me just thank you so thank you so much
for watching I hope you enjoyed this
video and for more Halloween tutorials
you can click here or here this is
slowly slipping off my head oh my god
gap broke it I broke it just thanks for
watching guys don't forget to subscribe
I'll see you soon
help me help that's that's it's like
it's like it never happened honestly
it's like it um it's like it never
