hi guys and welcome back feel like I
have been dying to get my hands on this
product for the longest time today's
product is the three-second brow eyebrow
stamp this is an eyebrow stamp that
claims to be able to give you perfect or
flawless brows in only 3 seconds who
wants to spend 5 10 minutes doing their
brows every day if you can get stamped
that does it in 3 seconds the three
second brow claims to give two shapes to
fit all brow suitable for defines brow a
full brow and elastin bro that's
water-resistant with coverage that will
last all day that in mind let's open the
box and let's get started oh we're in
this is the kicks we can see our little
eyebrow stamps so here we have another
two brow pencils that's actually really
clever so you can pop the stencils in
which means I've God that many fell off
this is where things get oh everything
is fine everything is fine didn't break
it was dropped we have the brow powder a
little mirror it was just this sponge
that separated the powder from the
mirror the instructions say align the
stamps with your eyebrows to determine
which brow shape most closely resembles
your own that does actually fit my brow
pretty well and then this is the softer
brow I guess for when you feel in a bit
less ha it's a little bit too tad holy
for me without applying powder practice
stamping on your eyebrow by guiding the
sponge along the shape of your eyebrow
and the slightly tab poor one that is
definitely so wrong on every level
whilst looking in the mirror align the
stamp with your eyebrow and press firmly
with even pressure for three seconds the
harder you press the darker your eyebrow
would be hold a sample way to reveal
your eyebrows the sensible thing to do
would be to practice which was sponge
that I don't actually want to use just
by dipping it into that powder and
pressing it onto my hand or my arm to
just get the feel of it but here's the
thing I'm not gonna do that so what I'm
going to doing
that is just basically go for it what's
the point in doing a first impression if
I practice except to open the compact in
a small circular motion gently rub the
stamp into the powder until the sponge
is sufficiently coated with brow powder
we have touched okay small circular
motion ooh
I feel like I totally missed the middle
okay I feel like we've achieved
something here today guys whilst looking
in the mirror
align the stamp with your eyebrow and
press firmly with even pressure for
three seconds the harder you press the
darker your brow will be hold the stands
away to reveal your eyebrows if there is
any excess powder around your eyebrows
you may need to touch up well yeah
you're not really gonna leave it there
I'm just gonna give up on the
instructions and let's do it so I'm
actually a little bit nervous I'm gonna
brush through my brows once again I'm so
nervous
oh my god am i nervous 1 2 3
expected so much worse surely this bit
is pretty bad but it's not that bad we
do have a really harsh line around here
definitely needs to be blended and
softened I'm actually surprised that how
not bad it is I'm just gonna take that
spoolie brush to just diffuse that brow
I'm just softening this harsh line holy
 guys that looks so good I can't
actually believe that it looks that good
if you believe in miracles
this eyebrow could potentially be proof
but to be fair I did start on the EZ
brow I feel like everybody has one easy
bro and one hard brow that was the easy
brow I'm gonna go ahead take my stamp
and try it out on the other side gonna
dip my stamp once again into that brow
powder can we recreate it that is the
true test 10 we've recreated probably
should have practiced this brow feel
even more nervous on this side oh my god
one two three
did that work maybe not so well maybe my
alignment wasn't so great on this brow
it's pretty close let's hope that just
rushing through can can fix it let's
just hope that brushing it can fix it
yeah look this one is a lot thicker and
darker than this one as well I do not
know how I meant well I obviously
pressed too hard didn't I definitely a
statement you definitely would notice
that eyebrow as it walked into the room
that eyebrow is gonna be walking two
paces ahead of the rest of my face and
body this eyebrow is a much nicer fade
at the start of it that's most likely
damn to the fact that I probably pressed
harder at the start of this one and
lighter on the start of this one I might
have blended a little bit too much here
and a little bit too much here gonna go
in for a touch more of that free second
brow powder fill in those slightly
thinner areas finish off those brows
with a touch of brow gel I like
seriously I'm struggling to believe that
I managed to do my brows using that
stamp today
Crudup a little bit on this one with it
being slightly fatter and the pressure
wasn't necessarily quite right on the
tail on this one I have absolutely no
idea if it looks as good on camera as it
does in real life there is literally
nothing else to say except three second
brow bloody nailed it
that's it for this week's video let me
know what you guys think in the comment
section down below
have you tried the three second brow and
if so did you have the same reaction I
did let me know what you guys think
would you buy it would you try it thank
you so much for watching and if you'd
like to check out more weird and
wonderful product reviews you can click
here or here thanks for watching guys
don't forget to subscribe and I'll see
you guys soon bye
