hi guys and welcome back today's video
is super hot highly requested a couple
of weeks ago I ordered the Anastacio
subculture palette and actually lost it
Umbreon bar is literally just being sat
on a chair kiddin I haven't actually
taken this palette out of the box yet it
let's see what it's all about
is it as bad as some people say or is it
as good as obvi say I'm trying to
actually think if there are any APH
products which I don't actually like I'm
struggling to think of one this palette
was not sent to me in the mail and I did
actually purchase this one myself think
it was either 40 pounds or 40 dollars
they're basically the same right now
let's see what we've got them at you
guys moment of truth oh it looks like
something is being scraped across it
this one here is either broken or have a
little bit of Ridge in it as you're
fixing knocks or slightly damaged from
dirty smudges in all four corners that's
okay I can kind of get over that let's
basically just start using it I'm going
to start by taking this shape here cause
dawn I am just enough saliva using the
large fluffy side of my brush can see
quite a substantial amount of fallout
from that sherry kind of keep going and
let's see how it applies I'm just taking
that all over the lid it blends it out
quite easily and I didn't have any other
issues with it Destiny's next and I'm
just going to take this into the crease
and lightly blend that outward
oh that's not quite strong I was not
expecting that to come out so strong
then that blend the hell out of there
and it's not lending that is literally
not moving so we do have quite a big
patch of eyeshadow here that doesn't
seem to want to move I'm going to try
and blend that out using another brush
and let's see if that makes any
difference
still do have this really patchy bit of
eyeshadow with first applied laid down
in one section and does not want to
budge it basically take so much kind of
hard blending to get it to move I'm
going to move on to the shade untamed
which is this really pretty deep green
shade that is quite a lot of kick up
from that shadow it is a very loose
pressed eyeshadow I'm going to take that
first in three outer corner of my eye
I'm going to switch to my Smith to three
key brush I'm just going to give that a
go at the lengthen it out that does not
want to move so that was a bit much
I'm really not sure if it's just me
everything is kind of going really dull
feel like I'm slightly going a little
bit crazy here because I literally just
answered the door to get my Amazon
package
I dropped the freaking subculture
palette and it smash it doesn't even
drop that far like less than a meter and
that is now smashed and everywhere I'm
not even going to say that I'm not upset
about that because I am I literally said
that one looks damaged when I blends
them out they kind of go like a grey
doesn't look like that moss green in the
palette I'm just going to pop a shimmer
on it I'm going to take the other end of
the Anasazi eyeshadow brush and just do
the shade electric ago and hope that
that one will perform a little bit
better
moving on to the small amount of brown
eyeliner this is the Marc Jacobs rokoko
liner and I'm just going to line up my
upper lash line I'm also going to take
that eyeliner into my lower lash line
and slightly smudge it out I'm going to
go back and take another small amount of
that shade untamed and also add that in
the lower lash line I'm going to take a
small amount of that shade electric and
just lay that as close to the lash line
as possible for my mascara today I'm
using the Loreal false lash superstar
fiber mascara and I'm just going to go
ahead and layer that up and to finish up
those eyes I'm taking the shade cube and
I'm just going to lay that into the
inner corner of my eyes I'm going to
take a touch as benefit hoola bronzer
into the hollows of my cheek and also on
the top of my forehead
and to finish up the whole look I'm
clicking the highlights from the
Maybelline master blush palette for my
lips I'm using the pur cosmetics ever
after velvet matte liquid lipstick or
not I just wiped that off and it's such
a nice color I'm going to put it back on
and take it straight back up because
that looks like a nice shade now works
so much better is a stain rather than a
stole lipstick okay guys so this is my
finished subculture look let's talk
about the actual shadows themselves the
shade electric absolutely love I love
how sparkly that is I love how shimmery
it is and it looks so freaky and pretty
on the eyes the shade Q but I'm not
really feeling that much it's very
similar to the highlighting palette so I
can't remember what it's called
it's like the unicorn II palettes but
it's not the Unicorn palette I just
they're not really feeling it that much
the first shade that I use the fawn the
shades came like darker than I was
expecting but I did really liked it I
found that it blended out quite easily
there like that would be a great shade
for like an everyday eyeshadow look and
actually just pop on that one shade a
little bit of a star out and run out the
door in terms of destiny and untamed I
did feel like they came out a little bit
more dull on the eyes than they did in
the palette wasn't really spilling how
they look absolutely cupboard in I
shadow it's all over my desk but all
over my floor and it's always my palette
- oh my god this is a disaster that
electric shimmer shade has totally kind
of redeemed the entire palette for me I
think that shape is so freakin pretty on
the eyes it's not the worst I shadow
palette I've ever used do I think it's
an absolute oh I literally just opened
it in the rest of the eyeshadow has now
fallen off was about to say would I
recommend it that is literally
everywhere that is what my entire floor
and desk and lapse looks like right now
that is a spelt using a tried five
shades today and
I really liked to or maybe I'll just
leave it at that
let me know what you guys think in the
comment section down below we like the
eye shadow did you hate it what did you
think about the look what did you think
about the palette and the controversy
surrounding it you so much for watching
guys and if you enjoyed this video and
would like to see more please do make
sure you hit that subscribe button down
below and don't forget to click the bell
to turn on notifications always thanks
for watching and I'll see you soon bye
