hi guys and welcome back today we've got
a foundation battle on our hands and
things might get quite interesting I've
got two different foundations that I'm
going to be directly comparing and
contrasting today but there is a little
bit of a difference our first contender
comes from Switzerland and it is from
the Prairie skin caviar foundation and
concealer it is quite possibly one of
the most expensive foundations in the
world if not the most expensive we have
a concealer in the Louvre we also have
the foundation with a little spatula
this foundation does also come with a
little stands and a brush but of course
I've lost that not talked about that the
library skin caviar foundation I
purchased in the UK for around 150
pounds I have seen it online today as a
whopping 215 US dollars that is so much
money that is just mind-blowing here's
where it gets interesting
today's contender is from the Czech
Republic and it is a very similar
product I have the derma called caviar
long-stay foundation a foundation and
concealer in one I have it taken out of
the packaging yet so I have no idea what
it looks like inside I purchased a derma
car caviar long a foundation for just
under 10 British pound for grand prize
of 13 US dollars there is a 200 dollar
difference between these foundations and
I think that is ridiculous that is
insane and I'm so freakin excited to see
how different they actually are to keep
this test as fair as possible I'm going
to be applying the lip rarey foundation
onto this side of my skin and the derma
core foundation onto this side of my
scan both foundations will be applied
using the exact same a foundation brush
is there going to be a clear difference
are they going to be incredibly similar
to those let's put them both to the test
first up we have the lipper area
foundation and concealer I'm just going
to pop a small amount that that onto the
back of my hands and keep it there I'm
going to dock one two three four five
and I'm going to start buffing and
stipple in that foundation into my skin
it's blending up incredibly smoothly I'm
just going to keep blending
I am going to have to go back for a
couple more dots see how much difference
that makes
I'm going to take a clean brush place
that onto the back of my hand I'm going
to start blending the concealer up to
cover up any redness and pigmentation
and also in the under eye area
this foundation is slightly a little bit
light do look a little bit like a go
next up the do McCall long stay caviar
Foundation gave number one hey or both
have mirrors in the lid a little
concealer when you open the foundation
they both have the spatula - I'm going
to take that spatula
and just apply all of that onto the back
of my hands using my clean it's because
my fix it luxe a face brush I'm going to
go ahead and apply on this side of my
skin oh this one is definitely a lot
harder to blend out I feel like this one
kind of pissed glided over it's looking
pretty similar oh my god this is so
close you definitely have a massive
shade different oh my god I have to
leave the house in ten minute what am i
doing this one is definitely a lighter
this one haven't given as much coverage
just yet going to go in with another
five dots because that's what we did on
this side and once again I'm just going
to buff and blend that out foundation
just kind of disappears into nothing in
comparison it Excel flawless that is on
the cheeks definitely a much nicer shade
for my skin and I have blended out to be
eautifully I'm going to go in there with
the concealer from the derma car and
she's using a clean brush I'm going to
scrape a small amount of that pop it on
the back of my hand now let's go in
again with that concealer and see how
much coverage we can get
doesn't quite have that same level of
glow that so far I think it looks like
I'm quite impressed so far I just feel a
little bit weird knowing that I have to
go out with two very different shades of
foundation on my face I'm going to pop
on a small amount of the RCM a
translucent powder okay guys now that my
base is set I'm just going to pop on
some light makeup so this is now has a
makeup look so I'm going to leave this
on my skin for as long as possible and
I'm going to check back in with you or
in a couple of hours and we'll see which
one is winning which one is losing into
really enough difference to constitute a
$200 price difference between them let's
find out I'll catch you guys in a bit
hey guys so it's been around 6 hours now
since I first applied my makeup onto my
skin and let's take a look complete
where we are at we applied the literary
foundation on this side and the
thermical 10-pound foundation on this
guy's it's not that much in it in terms
of show I really can't do that much
difference between those two show on the
side of my face where we applied them
the Prarie foundation we definitely do
have some tasses around the side of my
nose on the tip of my nose and I still
around my break out a little bit of
shakiness
happening in the under eye area here
where I applied that powder and we
definitely have some cracking in my
smile lines here otherwise I mean like I
think it's fine it's just my breakouts
are showing through a lot more on the
derma call side of my foundation we do
have quite a lot of creasing in that
area of cracks in our smile lines a
little bit of taking us above some lids
a little bit of wear over these great
caps here also have a touch of
patchiness
around the side of my nose probably
slightly more on the derma fall sighs
Thunder is on the Prairie side the
concealer I think has held up a lot
longer
and the concealer on the expensive side
of my face which I was not expecting to
see I do feel like they're pretty even
right now I'm going to lose this on my
skin through a little bit longer and
hopefully I'll check back in with you
guys in a bit
hey guys - it's around nine and a half
hours now since I first applied my
foundation onto my skin in my previous
update I said that I couldn't really see
the difference between the two different
shades of foundation on my skin
basically that was wrong
started editing my previous update and
I'm it like no no no no you can
blatantly blatantly see the difference
between the two sides in this room it
looks really similar but as soon as I
saw it on camera
I was like no not under the Prairie
foundation side
let's take a look actually definitely
some big patches of wear hair very
fairly anything and left on my skin
we've got a bit of taking up happening
here some more perhaps is a foundation
that's worn away more breakup sort of so
infirmed taking us on my chin showing
through via Patsy's here break up to the
showing through from little bit a penis
pissed and we have got some creasing
happening in the end the right area oh
that's not looking too pretty right now
in the grand scheme of things I have
definitely been worse and I've
definitely seen better I don't
necessarily hate it but I'm not in love
with it I would definitely 100% expects
more than this for the price that I paid
for that product let's look how the 10
pounds version from derma call compares
on the distance it really doesn't look
that bad I'm actually quite surprised at
myself for saying that I really didn't
like the derma called foundation that I
tried before this is not perfect in any
way shape or form there are still issues
with it we have pigmentation come in
fruit here we've got a little bit of
cakiness creasing
happening in that under-eye area as well
some reason Dermatol gives me the
craziest creases and makes me really all
kind of not feeling that vibe is it
chasing us having dinner my chin it's
actually unless KP on the derma call
side to delivery side and I'm actually
really shocked about
that means two very different products
with very different formulas and very
different price ingredients in them too
than the Prairie foundation hands down
has the best radiant fury luminous
finish and I just think that the derma
core foundation really struggles to get
that kind of vibe with it in terms of
how my skin has looked after nearly ten
animals I literally just have to save
the derma core foundation did a better
job and learn the Prairie yes it has its
faults it's not perfect it hasn't given
an ultimate flawless long-lasting finish
as it for - it's the sure winner for me
that's my opinion and I would love to
hear your so please do let me know in
the comment section down below which
foundation you preferred I would love to
hear your thoughts on this and did you
agree or disagree you so much for
watching if you'd like to check out my
soul foundation review playlist you can
click here and the wig and wonderful
products review click here thank you so
much for watching don't forget to
subscribe as we go soon bye
