hi guys and welcome back today I wanted
to create a super soft glam a romantic
summer makeup look that was perfect for
the warm weather all of the products
that I'm using in today's video are from
one drugstore brand and today's brand of
choice is maybelline new york now
Maybelline have absolutely no idea that
I'm making this video this definitely is
not sponsored I just really liked
Maybelline as a drugstore brand thank
you so much for watching don't forget to
subscribe and let's get started start by
priming our skin I'm actually going to
mix two different products together
today the maybelline baby skin instant
pore eraser with the Maybelline master
strobing liquid this way my pores get a
raise I also get that kind of
highlighted gooey base at the same time
I'm going to move on to foundation I
have the Maybelline fit me matte and
poreless foundation in shade 105 natural
ivory to apply my foundation I'm using
the it cosmetics heavenly luxe
complexion perfection brush I love this
foundation brush I'm not really a fan of
the double-ended nuts although that is a
really good concealer brush as well for
any of my breakouts and pigmentation
that may still be showing through that
foundation and using the Maybelline
master camo color correcting kick rate a
small amount of that product onto the
back of my hands and we can use this to
just cover and conceal and use that
pigmentation I'm just going to start
buffing that concealer into my skin
now that we've got our base looking
pretty freakin Flula there was like no
pigmentation showing through the
foundation everything is covered and
everything is super freakin affordable
I'm going to move on to contour and I
have the Maybelline master the contour
stick in the shade number one light
start by applying the contour side of
that stick into the hollows of my cheeks
top of my forehead and under my chin
next I'm moving on to the highlight
inside I want to make that highlight a
little bit brighter take the Maybelline
Dream brightening booster this is in the
shade 0-1 white I'm just going to run
that in those same highlighted areas to
blend out my highlight and contour I'm
going back to the edge cosmetics brush
stipple to blend it out taking my time
when it comes to the forehead because I
don't want to move it down into my face
too much
my face is definitely looking a lot more
3d and less flat and Matt the final
thing I'm going to do is use the
Maybelline Dream illuminator
highlighting concealer can't actually
remember if I like how it looked at
under skin or not let's just pray pray
that we haven't screwed it up to set my
base today I'm using the Maybelline fit
me matte and poreless pressed powder
code 105 which is the same shade that my
foundation was that out oh oh oh my
finger jammed on the top side you have
the pressed powder and then you flip it
up and you have a handy mirror and it
does come or it could come with a little
sponge as well so I'm going to use my
NYX 26 brush I'm so freakin in love with
this brush at the moment the powder
first of all I'm going to set the areas
where we applied concealer and then move
out to the rest of my skin time to move
on to brows I have the Maybelline brow
precise micro brow pencil this is in the
shade soft brown I love pencils like
this I didn't like brow pencils for like
the longest time but I'm so in love with
brow pencils right now how easy they are
and how natural they look as well
basically basically it would appear that
we're going for a super strong brow
today I don't know why but I just did
them and then I kept going and going and
going and I didn't stop I'm going to set
those in place and today I have the
Maybelline brow precise fiber filler
let's move on to eye shadow I have the
Maybelline Color tattoo and this is in
the shade 65 pink gold if I can open it
I'm just gonna apply this all over my
eyelid why is everything so hard today
what's that all about finally and I'm
going to go ahead and apply that onto my
lid if you're just looking for a quick
and easy everyday look then you can just
leave the eyeshadow there pop on some
mascara a little bit of blush bit a lip
balm and run out the door I'd like to
add a little bit more drama today I'm
going to take two blushed nudes this
really beautiful rosy gold shade here
and just smoke that out from the lash
line
using the master blush color and
highlight palette take this end darkest
rapier smoked out
lash line I personally love wearing pink
eyeshadow I love plum eyeshadow
I love Mophie color eyeshadows that I do
know that a lot of you guys don't
because I see you in the comments when
people are like you look ill with that
eye shadow I do like that slightly pink
eyes look I'm going to go and apply some
mascara this is the colossal Big Shot
mascara so duct on both the top and the
bottom to line my waterline today I'm
using the Maybelline master drama the
nudes and this is the shade rose petal I
have no idea that they did eyeliners in
these kind of shows who really like
wearing light shimmery but in new deal I
knows in my lower waterline going back
to the master blush palette I'm just
going to take this shade here and very
gently sweep that across my cheekbones
the highlight today I'm taking the
lightest shade from the same palette I'm
also going to take that highlight onto
my Cupid's bow my nose and the inner
corners of my eyes to finish up the
whole look I have the color sensational
shaping and lip liner this is in the
shade sixty pilus pink I'm using the
vivid hot lacquer and this is in the
shade 66 - cute and this is the finished
look it is slightly glowy slightly
radiant
slightly pink very girly and definitely
totally affordable every single product
that I used to create this look today
was from the drugstore a couple of
standout favorite products today
probably the master blush palette I love
how that dark plum shade looks as an eye
shadow really like the highlight in that
two other products that I loved today
eyeliner lip liner and the eye shadow as
well actually I don't use the color
tattoo in all ever
I forget how natural and subtle they
look on the skin also love the mascara
Ralph's product the foundation as well I
feel like I just listed every products
that I use let me know what you guys
think in
comment section down below did you like
it you hate it I don't mind if you hate
it just be polite about it you'd like to
see more makeup tutorials you can click
here and for weird and wonderful product
reviews click here thank you so much for
watching don't forget to subscribe and
I'll see you guys soon ah
