hi guys and welcome back now I did not
expect this on this video today and I
definitely definitely did not expect my
face to be looking like this today three
days ago I found a testing video and I
was so freaking happy with like three of
the products that are used in that video
but today I have a luxury beauty brand
in the spotlight or do you see how
flawless that is it looks incredibly
natural you can see that it's covered up
any of this pigmentation and a lot of my
dark circles actually I loved the
foundation brush I also love the
foundation that I used in that video too
that was until I woke up on Sunday
morning was fully fledged
acne if there are so many breakouts on
my face right now I literally can't keep
up don't even know if the camera is
picking up how textured and raised and
angry my skin is with me right now so
let's have a recap and work out where it
all went wrong so if I film testing
videos I literally only try one new base
product per week that way I can easily
identify anything that may be making me
break out anything that may be given an
adverse reaction I have never had such a
bad reaction to a base product to a
foundation as I have so quickly to the
foundation that I filmed with the other
day you're all probably sat there going
M at your face hurts yeah I get it I
don't give it tell me what the
foundation was the foundation that I use
the other day was by here for my
foundation today I actually have a
choice of two different products we have
the Dior skin forever Foundation and the
Dior skin forever perfect cushion
compact I'm actually going to go to sort
of normal Foundation today I feel like I
know what to expect a little bit more
I'm going to use the deal 11 brush to
apply that foundation today I am just
praying this is the right shade because
that does look quite pink yet let's just
do it oh no that's alright actually this
was literally the first time I had ever
worn daggoo skin throughout the
foundation I've never tried any base
products from do before think I was
watching one of law Beauty Christie's
videos the other day and she has this
foundation in his
video and it looked stunning and I
wanted to try it applied it like normal
nothing wrong with it really liked how
it looked is really impressed with how
natural it looks I don't even think that
I have a single breakout the day that I
applied this foundation I filmed with
this video on the Friday for Saturday I
didn't wear any makeup all day on the
Sunday I woke up and I had a couple of
breakups and I was like oh maybe it's a
hormonal time of the month things is
nice I went to the office that day came
home took my makeup off I had so many
raised breakouts on this shoot that is
definitely not a good sign yesterday I
woke up and it was like boom and great
breakups everywhere all over my forehead
all across my cheeks coming down to my
neck all along my jaw and definitely
really concentrated in this area here
and these are the type of breakouts that
literally feel like they're just getting
angrier and angrier as the day goes by
and you just hope that when you wake up
in the morning they're going to settle
down a little bit I'm pretty freakin
disappointed because I bought this
foundation that's so good it feels a
little bit tacky
it doesn't feel wet and it doesn't make
me feel like I need to dust on a load of
powder or I'm going to look like a
sweaty mess I'm really loving that
finished effect now and I'm gutted but I
didn't try it sooner I was gonna upload
the video yesterday and me saying it was
amazing but then when I woke up in the
morning my skin looks like this there is
no way I can upload that video I
literally did not expect that to happen
to my skin I really love the finished
effect I thought it looks naturalism
stunning it turns out none of that
matters because your foundation seems to
hate my skin this is my personal opinion
on a product or in this case it's my
skin's opinion I had a completely
different opinions to my skin on this
one on this channel I have as a good
things about makeup and I also cover the
bad things about makeup now of course it
goes without saying that this can
basically happen to anybody's face at
any time it's not just a Dior thing just
because it didn't work for me does not
mean that this is going to happen to you
so if you do like to finish the facts
then please
try it for yourself and patch test it
for the love of God please patch test
this foundation before you apply it all
over your skin there are thousands of
people out there does this foundation
works incredibly well for just so
happens I'm not one of them this is
where I'm at this is a little bit of an
on video a little bit of a rant a little
bit of a how-to look what's happened to
my face video I hope you enjoyed this
rather with videos if you'd like to see
some more foundation videos where things
don't necessarily go is wrong you can
click here and sway some wonderful
product reviews click here thanks for
watching guys don't forget to subscribe
and I'll see you guys soon bye
