hey guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm talking you through how to do
this super glam makeup look we've got a
really vibrant smoky eye blown the skin
with a really pretty highlight and a
gloss deep purple lip if you want to
find out how to get this look just keep
watching I'm actually going to start off
by doing my eyes today I'm going to take
my shadow shield I find these really
useful for catching any fallout I'm just
going to place these in the under eye
area to prep my lips today and using the
Tarte shape tape concealer and this is
in the shade very neutral I'm just going
to use a beauty blender to blend it out
for my eyeshadow today I have for urban
decay and the Jean Michel Basquiat
palette I'm going to go for the pink
tones today to really make those
eyeshadows pop I'm going to add a slight
base coat onto my lids this is the NYX
Cosmetics vivid brights the cream color
I have this in the shade sugar rush it's
just a really pretty light lilac shade
I'm just going to take a small amount of
that on my finger and just press that
onto the lid and I'm just going to blend
out the edges of that cream shadow back
to the John Michell basquiat palette and
I'm going to pick the shade from 1960
which is this really pretty matte hot
pink color I'm going to use that's just
blend out the transition and the lid
color moving on to this purple shade
called neo I'm just going to apply that
into the deepest part of the crease keep
blending back and forward to make sure
that transition is seamless to add a
touch of glam to my makeup and taking
the lid cosmetics a bag glitter I'm just
going to take that and apply it into the
center of my lid moving on to eyeliner
and I'm taking the bourgeois Kohl and
contour eyeliner and this is in the
shade 0:03
misty agree I'm going to use this to
just line my upper lash line for mascara
today I'm using the pure fully charged
mascara and I'm just going to go ahead
and apply that to the upper lashes
people my lashes today I'm using the
house of lashes pixie luxe and lashes
these things off
beautiful so fluttery so light and I
love how they look now that my lashes
are on I'm just going to remove my
shadow shelf this one is totally
sticking into my eye and it needs to go
I'm just going to gently peel those off
for my brows today actually have a new
product and that is the makeup forever
brow liner and this is in the shade 20
I've never used a brow liner like this
before it has that kind of lexical
silicone type tip to it let's hope it's
not a total disaster
now that the majority of my eye makeup
is done I'm going to move on to my
foundation and today I have the Make Up
For Ever Ultra HD liquid foundation and
is usually tend to use the stick but I
felt like mixing things up today and
using a clean Delta Beauty Blender I'm
just going to bounce to blend it out I'm
going to move on to the under eye area
and to cover up my dark circles I'm
going to take the Smashbox color
correcting stick and this is the looked
less tired dark thick I definitely feel
like I could do with looking less tired
right now we're going to apply the color
corrector into the under eye area and
then very gently blend out and to
conceal the under eye area I'm using the
Tarte shape picked concealer in the
shade same neutral I'm also going to
take that concealer onto my chin and the
center of my forehead to set my base
today and using the Maybelline master
fake
setting and perfecting and loose powder
and lightly dust over those areas where
we applies concealer and anywhere else
where we may need a little bit of extra
powder I'm going to move back to my eye
shadow and finish up my eye makeup start
with the shade new the next I'm going to
take the shade 1960 and just buff out
the purple the contour today I have the
zoeva contour spectrum at palette I'm
going to go ahead and take shade cn0 4-0
very catchy I'm just going to start to
slowly contour my skin
I'm also going to very lightly take that
contour shape done sites of my nose for
blush today I'm using the soap & Glory
make you blush and this is in the shade
twinkle rose which is like the cutest
name for a blush product ever I'm just
going to sweep that blush using the
brush it came with just me over my cheek
and to highlight today I'm taking the
sealer heaven cue highlighter and this
is in the shade kitten and it's really
beautiful shimmer in highlight I'm also
going to sweep that highlight into the
inner corners of my eyes and using the
Marc Jacobs pink of me Highliner I'm
going to line my lower waterline and for
my lips I'm starting with the Urban
Decay 24/7 glide-on lip pencil and bits
in the shade pandemonium I'm just going
to go ahead and line my lips for a touch
of shine I'm using the Rimmel London
oh my gloss and this is in the shade
master pink and this is the finished
look it is my super glam a glittery
summer makeup I have no idea what to
call this looks I am a seal in the
purple and the green combination in the
eyeshadow today I feel like this might
become my new night out to makeup look I
don't know I'm just kind of loving those
colors together let me know what you
guys think in the comment section below
do you like them do you just like them I
find if you just like them just let me
know your thoughts if you enjoyed this
video would like to see more you can
click here for makeup tutorials or here
for product reviews thank you so much
for watching don't forget to subscribe
I'll see you guys soon bye
