hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm continuing on our tradition of
trying weird and wonderful skincare and
beauty items we have a selection of
makeup stencils eyes number one the
eyebrow template a firm classic template
I believe you're supposed to use to
outline the shape of your brow this
could be really useful if you were drunk
or hungover or just really bad at doing
your brows I don't drink
I'm never hungover sometimes I screw up
about the magical eyebrow style we have
four different size eyebrow templates
here hopefully one of them will work
we're moving on to our eyes shadow
template and this is the single and
double eyelid maybe if you're not that
good at eyeshadow these could be useful
I don't know we also have some eyeliner
templates you can do top eyeliner to cat
eye liner you can also do a smoky eye
liner as well go home
painted lips card maybe sometimes you
really struggle to apply your lipstick
you can never get that kind of perfect
overdrawn look then maybe this could
come in useful let me know what you guys
think in the comment section below if
you think any of these are going to work
because I would love to know so go in
for the eyebrow template which is this
one I'm just gonna open it oh alright
kind of fits my brows feel like we're
going to be roughly in the right place
this is a lot harder than that left
let's desperately try and fix this I'm
just going to brush through them in case
that makes them look better it looks
like a flush brows nailed it see what
the other option is because it's been
much better than these maybe better take
these off own that one kind of looks
like a tadpole I don't see a brow shape
day that I would actually use this was
the battered shape they just look like
slugs I'm going to move on to eyeshadow
using this eye shadow model woman felt
himself the mature term is I makeup you
do not want to try it's genuinely so
sneaky not want to try light color
painting all over then move to a medium
color and then finally finish up with a
dark color on my lid I'm going to take
the violet Voss Pro palette literally
has every color I could ever need it's a
shade eight roll I'm going to line up my
stencil and give it a go soften it a
little bit going to take my transition
color this one is called Caitlin use my
stencil number two that looks all to be
applied and I'm going to remove not
actually that bad I've seen worse I've
probably done worse myself as well I'm
going to move on to the other eye and
when you think that you're happy with
your eyeshadow I'm just going to peel it
off
gonna even out on this side let's try
and be fair I'm just going to run my
brush gently over so I'm going to take
the shade Andreea which is really pretty
they're going to shimmer so I'm going to
take my third and final stencil and just
lay that over my eye and then I'm going
to go for it and apply that darkest
shadow it's really not as bad as I was
expecting it to be I'm going to blend
out those edges once again it's not the
most flawless of eyeshadow application I
think that looks quite good right and
the impressed I'm going to go ahead and
apply that same eyeshadow onto the other
eye I'm just going to peel it away right
on my face I'm going to blend up those
edges once again I don't know why it
went so wrong
there's nothing and nice fat's winged
liner can't fix that will give me like
the Biggers winged liner rather than
going in straight away with my black
eyeliner pen I'm actually going to take
the cat eye stencil and some black
eyeshadow and just go ahead and map out
where I want my cat eye makeup to go
that seems to be in the right place I'm
just taking the eyeshadow all over and
then I'm going to take my Clinique
eyeliner I think I'm just going to go
for it feel like I'm winning at life
here moment of truth
oh I feel like I should apologize my
entire existence right now I'm going to
do the same on the other eye three two
what maybe if I put on some really big
lashes this looks my work this could be
like some next big thing
you know don't doubt it I feel like
eyelashes can really rescue a bad makeup
look sometimes we have one stencil left
to go and that is the painted lips card
stencils there are three essentials in
the pack number one kind of normal-ish
looking I guess two is more kind of wide
and thin the luxury is really big I
think I'm going to go for stencil number
one I'm going to use my Rimmel 120
lipstick this is call the shots it's a
really really beautiful
pinky we're going to line up that
stencil and then go for it
and I'm just going to remove the stencil
why is this a thing this does not need
to be a thing why do we need to have a
stencil to apply lipstick what the this
is the finished look we've got some
pretty fierce brows fierce winged liner
and that a really beautiful glossy
drugstore lip utiful feel like we've
reached the pinnacle of beauty today and
don't see me getting any more beautiful
than this to be honest this is the
moment I've been building up to my whole
life this is the biggest load of I've
ever bought there is absolutely no need
for this or any of these stencils to
exist thank you so much for watching if
you'd like to check out more weird and
wonderful beauty products then you can
click here oh yeah don't forget to
subscribe I'll see you guys soon bye
alright so my hand earth girl
