hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm going to be talking you
through a full face as drugstore first
impressions I haven't used any of these
makeup products before I have no idea
stick another dude if they're going to
be bad is this going to fail miserably
that usually does but let's find out
together
don't forget to hit that subscribe
button and click the bell to turn
notifications on and let's get started
to prime my skin today I'm using the
pixie promotion Jeju because I know that
this products does not break me out and
when it comes to trying new things I
only like to use one new based products
at a time let's move on to foundation
and today I have the Bourjois healthy
mix I think they might change the
formula in this it's definitely in new
packaging the lightest shapes we have
our shade 50 which is rose ivory we also
have shaved 51 which is light vanilla
this cake in the lips also now I have no
idea which one is which one is
definitely a little bit more yellow than
the other I think that this one is the
rose ivory because it's a little bit
more key cheek color this one definitely
looks a bit more yellow so I'm going to
guess that that's the light vanilla and
that's the rose arteries for like
brushes today I actually have a little
collection of new brushes from NYX
Cosmetics these are all there NYX
professional makeup brushes so I'm going
to take brush number 25 let's just hope
that that's not a terrible mistake it
looks really nice in this area here
pretty cute pretty natural looking it
hasn't covered over this little bit of
pigmentation but so far so good
if you are looking for a full coverage
one this is not the one for you but
isn't easy to just throw on foundation
and I think that looks pretty nice
planet and contour my skin today I'm
going to use the Barry M chiseled cheek
contour cream kit three highlight shades
and three contour shape Qasr I think
that highlights a bear might want this
contour two-minute this is the number 26
brush I'm just going to take that first
shade here and just make that down where
I want my contour to go
yeah I think I definitely have a bad
time if I try to use that the highlights
ago we can't actually see very clearly
on the skin but that's okay I'm going to
move on to this lightest contour shade
here can definitely see that contour and
though it was hardly any products as
well that come out quite strong in now
that we've contoured it's time to even
it out with a little bit of a highlight
I'm going to get a little lighter shade
ago and I'm just going to hope that it's
not a shimmer shade
first impressions on the barielle mat
chiseled cheek contour cream kit I
didn't really like it I wanted to like
it we give it structure and it's
affordable I feel like I'd rather spend
a little bit more and have a better
contour products then struggle with
something that's a little bit cheaper
I'm going to move on now to my eyebrows
I have the Rimmer brow this way fiber
pencil think I'm going to start with
these days 0:01
life - and just go ahead and start
filling in my brows so I'm just moving
very slowly with really feathery light
turns movements to try and get that to
start filling in it looks all in the
thick and it looks super natural oh my
gosh shadow I'm moving on to the next
and if it's bright cream color and I do
brand new and I think I've got them in
the mail from NYX a couple of days ago
I'm going to give it a go as an
eyeshadow base today this is in the
shade bad blood only
oh that's very vivid I know they're
called vivid fright I wasn't expecting
it to be that bright and to blend it out
I'm going to take the next pro brush in
the number 32 and it's going to very
gently soft and low doses render that
incredibly easily I think that kid
looked really pretty with the shimmer
shade just made over the top I'm also
going to go ahead and apply on to the
other eye and once again blend it out
now that the base for my shadow is done
I'm going to move on to my lid color I
have the Tanya burr cosmetics my
paradise eyes shadow palette I'm going
to go for the shade tranquility and just
pop that all over my lid okay next I'm
going to take the shade champagne
cocktail and just pop that into the
center of my lid for my eyeliner today
I'm using the bourgeois : contour liner
and this is the extra long where I
pencil and I'm using it in the shade
0:04 Brown for my mascara today I'm
using the Maybelline the colossal a big
shot on the skaara
I have cured so many amazing things
about this mascara and I'm super excited
to try it and for my lashes today and
use them the Ilia Lux bubble lashes
for the shimmer shows in ten years my
paradise palette also pretty they are so
shimmery and so vibrant love that
palette I also really liked the colossal
Big Shot I felt like it made my lashes
but really fluttery almost like Ardell
with these lashes that kind of Sluttery
floating us about them to get a move on
now to conceal in the under eye area I'm
going to go back to my little bourgeois
collection I'm going to take the
Bourjois healthy mix anti-fatigue
concealer and this is in the shade 51
light okay so this isn't the lightest
of product so if you do have super super
pale skin or you avoid anything that's
yellow toned you're probably going to
have a bad time with this and I'm just
going to very gently just stiff all the
try and blends that I wasn't sure about
the concealer on first application but
just looking in the mirror you can
definitely see where that can say that
has been applied I think it's done an
incredible job of lifting and
brightening up that area to move on to
the other eye
to set my concealer today I'm using the
Maybelline master fix satin and
perfecting loose powder I have never
used this all that came out really
quickly I was not expecting that going
to go in with the NYX Cosmetics 31 brush
and I'm just going to set my under eye
area and then using the NYX 24 brush I'm
just going to gently sweep that powder
over the rest of my face I'm going to
move on to finishing the under eye eye
shadow going back to return your bird my
paradise palette I'm going to take the
shade panic and using a small brush I'm
just going to run that along my lower
lash line and I'm just going to pop on a
small amount of that colossal Big Shot
mascara for my blush today I'm using the
Maybelline master blush color and
highlighting kit and this is in the
shade
I think the shade 10 I'm going to take
this lightest kind of flushed shade here
I'm just gonna sweep that over my cheek
oh wow that is a lot more pigment so if
they're always expecting it to boot
that's definitely come out a little
brighter to highlight today I'm taking
the lightest highlighting shade and I'm
just going to sweep that and for the
tops of my cheek I'm also going to take
that onto my Cupid's bow because my nose
and down the center and also in the
inner corners of my eyes so I lipstick
today I'm using the NYX NYX lingerie
liquid lipstick and this is in the shade
the shade is this French Meg this is in
the shade french-made I'm just going to
go ahead and apply that
and this is the finished look we could
involve let a bowl blush eyes lashes
contour highlight forgetting all the way
this hit the finished look 100%
drugstore makeup is on my face and I am
really liking some of the products that
we use today I think my absolute
favorite favorite favorite products out
of everything today was the NYX vivid
bright I really liked how bright it was
in the name I should have known I also
quite liked the healthy mixed anti
fatigue concealer that made a world of
difference in the under eye area my
favorite brush out of all the ones I
tried today with the NYX professional
makeup brush and this is the number 26
such a good brush for playing concealer
on for putting bronzer on or even you
don't apply in your highlight out of
everything if you're going to pick one
up a try this one I really liked the
Maybelline the colossal Big Shot mascara
I thought that looks really flattering
on my nachos really easy to use I didn't
stab myself in the eye and it didn't
look really clumpy I really like how
natural the Rimmel grow this way grow
fiber pencil looks I did struggle with
it on this eyes that this eyebrow is
really difficult to do I think the only
one that I would not use again with the
flawless chin or cheek contour cream
spectrum berry and it just didn't work
for me it was a little bit patchy a
little bit difficult to blend out and it
kind of just disappears into nothing if
I hadn't put on the math illusion
bronzing powder I feel like you wouldn't
even be able to tell that I've contoured
not a fan of that but I pretty much
loved everything else thank you so much
for watching I already hope you enjoyed
this video and if you'd like to check
out some more trucks or tutorials and
can click here or here thank you so much
for watching don't forget to subscribe
I'll see you guys soon bye
