hi guys and welcome back today I'm
continuing on our tradition of trying
weird and wonderful skincare items today
I've got another unusual product and
that was slightly weird slightly out
there probably more than likely slightly
painful okay today's product is the
Alicia Becker milky piggy how poor clean
mask I have seen quite a lot of buzz
about this mask online but I have done
my very best to avoid watching any
videos or reading any articles on it or
I appeared is that it can be painful it
can be difficult it can make your life
hell where's that in mind I'm going to
give it a go and I'm going to go into it
open-minded it's going to hope for the
best
you're going to pray it's not going to
hurt me and let's find out together what
it's really like on the side of the box
it says the ELISA pica how poor cleaner
or mask is a perfect product to clean
pores and remove impurities it contains
a full percent charcoal that can help to
clean paws remove impurities and skin
metal ice from strongly absorbed effect
and loose a shrink perfect clean skin
it's basically just going to rip
anything and anything out of my pores by
the sound of it so with that in mind
let's open the box and find out and I'm
just going to go in and there we go
there is literally nothing else in the
box
except the tube at the back of the tube
is just filled with Korean text I cannot
read Korean I don't even know where to
begin on Korean so I'm going to leave it
and get a past we have a little security
seal there that keeps it fresh keeps it
looking good I'm just going to pop that
open mum a true stove I'm just going to
pop that lid back on and we are good to
go guys so I'm just going to move my
hair off my face because I do not want
to lose my hair
I do feel slightly nervous for this the
last product that I tried from this
brand didn't go well it did make me
break out really badly it did give me a
little bit of hives and yeah it didn't
go well at all Skinner cross my fingers
and hope for the best
so with that
mind let's do it Oh Oh is coming out
already
oh jeez oh okay Wow that does not give
me time to prepare okay now that it's
basically let itself out of the tube I'm
just going to go for it and put this
gray slime on my face I'm a little bit
scared by a little I mean a lot I'm
petrified let's do it so that's thicker
than I was expecting
I think it's got like the consistency of
honey it smells a little bit like
hairspray yeah I'm nearly out of what's
on my hand of God but maybe too much
that's too much stop oh I'm going to go
back for a little bit more for my
forehead god that's enough that's enough
it's way too much another learn never
freaking learn it Oh gross gross
I think we may have done it I can't see
that it's already starting to dry around
the sides of my mouth but then we do
also have some drips locks right until
my cheek I might have got a little bit
carried away and put a little bit too
much on those areas let's just not talk
about that I've literally just realized
I have no idea how long this is supposed
to stay on my facebook that could be a
problem son please roots please read it
it picks up a lot of the words
essentially it says 16 for 50 in a
minute basically I have no idea how long
to leave this on my Facebook I'm going
to set a timer for 15 minutes
start it I'm going to come back and
let's check in on it I have no idea how
this is going to go I'm instantly
regretted everything right now so it's
been around seven and a half minutes
since I first applied the helpful mask
onto my skin and it is definitely
getting a lot harder to talk I have
limited movement around my mouth right
now
I can't see the mask is already starting
to peel underneath my bottom lip I'm
going to zoom in and show you guys what
I mean
see what the mask is starting to peel
away from my skin already a little bit
wrinkly on my chin around here otherwise
I can't really see any major issues of
it it's just um yep need to see one
minutes to drive so the time is up on
the face mask and it's still a little
bit wet in places I think I'm going to
leave it for another five minutes
because my chin around here is all dry
what areas where it's a little bit
thicker still aren't dry yet so I'll see
you guys and couple on it okay guys so
the help or mask has been on my face now
for around 20 minutes
it does feel pretty much dry we've got a
little bit of squishy area on this drip
here on the side of my cheek here where
there's a few more drips it's also a
little bit squishy in that area too and
otherwise it
feels really tight if I try and run you
can see where it fuckers on my forehead
that's about it we just got a little bit
of tucker in there let's try and peel it
off and pray praise on my face I think
I'm going to stop on my chin first and
then move up towards my forehead I don't
know if this is going to work but it's
starting to feel painful Oh already just
going to slowly start pulling my skin
away from it
oh all the hair thing I'm just going to
go for it my heart is like racing right
now oh that hurt oh my god does that
just rip that on my baby hairs oh I'm
gonna split it guys I'm gonna rip it I'm
going to do it in two
oh that's so painful I don't know how to
get it off this laughs but it's right up
to my baby hairs on the side of my cheek
Oh God is making me so fake three two
one looking at the actual mask that came
off my skin this is what we've removed
just looking at it I can't actually see
any evident oh I can see actually that
it ripped that and I can't actually see
any evidence in the little mask of my
paws being clean of anything that kind
of been pulled out any filaments to any
sebum any kind of clogs black cat I
can't see any of them on this all I can
see is the odd hair that it's ripped out
of my scalp and just some baby haze that
it ripped off the side of my face my
first thoughts on it was that hurt that
really really hurt and in terms of how
my face looks afterwards we have some
distinct redness happening all along the
edges where that mask was and it really
hurts to remove it from the sides of my
face if you couldn't tell I did not
enjoy that removal process I don't feel
the need to use it again anytime soon
its most likely going to go straight
into a bin or a box never to be seen
from again what I recommend it
absolutely not
they probably call it the world's most
painful mask for a reason it's bloody
hurt it wasn't something that I enjoyed
using and I won't be going back to it
thank you so much for watching and if
you did enjoy this video then you
may want to check out my wealth most
painful beauty products here and if
foundation is more your kind of being
then check out my foundation testing
videos here thank you so much for
watching don't forget to subscribe I'll
see you guys soon bye
