hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this ultra
glam makeup look today's look is all
about a dark smoky eye from violent boss
and finesse I'm using a brand new
moisture boost lipstick from Antipodes
let's get started first up I'm going to
find my skin and make sure it's ready
for makeup application and today I have
like the tiniest climber ever and this
is a travel size at the makeup forever
hydrating primer I'm just going to apply
that all over my skin to prep my basis
ready for foundation my lips are feeling
a little bit dry today so I'm just going
to pop on some lip conditioner to prime
them ready for when we apply our
lipstick later on today I'm using the
Antipodes Kiwi seed lip oil conditioner
and I'm just going to top that straight
on because we're going from a dark eye
look today I'm actually going to apply
my eyeshadow first before my foundation
that way if any product falls onto the
tops of my cheeks I can literally just
take some micellar water and clean it up
also going to be using my shadow shield
today these make apply an eyeshadow so
easy you literally get given a guideline
and that way I shadow always look
flawless
to make sure my lips are primed I'm just
going to use a small amount of the NARS
radiant creamy concealer
for my eyeshadow today I'm using the
violet boss violet rocks in the violet
boss crap violet
boss that ride-or-die palette oh my god
that's so hard to say and going to start
with the shade Leslie to lay down a base
on my lid we're going to take the shade
Alice I'm just going to roll that around
in the crease going to take the shade
Ashley
next Carly which is a matte black shadow
pass that onto the lid
being careful not to go above the crease
and then I'm taking my fluffy is a
Weaver brush and just very softly
blending it out
now that the majority of my eyeshadow is
done I'm going to move on to my eyebrows
today I'm using the benefit goof proof
brow pencil and this is in the shade
number two from the star today I'm using
the Bobbi Brown eye opening mascara and
this really does give your lashes but
amazing false lash style look next I'm
going to add some eyeliner and today and
using the Clinique
pretty easy liner
for my lashes today I'm going to the
sugar pill sink eyelashes now that the
majority of my eye makeup is done I'm
just going to peel off those shadow
shield now that my eyes are all cleaned
up I'm going to move on to foundation
today and using the Makeup Forever
Ultra HD stick and this is in shade one
one seven I'm just going to take that
Foundation straight onto the skin and
then using a Beauty Blender I'm going to
bounce to blend it out next I'm going to
move on to concealing the under-eye area
and I'm just going to go back to that
NARS radiant creamy concealer and this
is in the shade of Chantilly I'm also
going to take that concealer onto my
forehead and the center of legend for
powder today I'm using the Ben Nye
neutral flex powder which is one of the
most favourite powders next I'm going to
go back to that under eye area I'm going
to take the shape Alice take that one
brown shade Ashley and finally the black
shade Carly adds a touch of that Bobbi
Brown eye open and mascara on the lower
lashes I'm going to go back to the base
and add some definition today and using
the Smashbox contour palette but by
taking the middle shade here
and for my blush today I'm using the
clinic color pot melon pop flush the
highlight and give some glow to my skin
today I'm use some banana salvia and the
cold Guerrero palette I'm going to take
the shape rather young and to supply
that along the highest point of my face
I'm also going to tip that onto the tip
of my nose into the inner corners of my
eyes and finally to finish up the whole
look I'm using the Antipodes moisture
boost lipstick and this is in the shade
dusky sound pink you've probably heard
me talking about Antipodes skincare
before and this is one of the brand new
moisture boost in lipsticks from them
they're packed full of healthy plant
oils so they definitely help keep your
lips looking and feeling good and this
is the finished look - all shriek alarm
makeup thank you so much for watching I
really hope you enjoyed this video and
if you have any suggestions for future
looks then please do let me know in the
comment section down below
thank you so much for watching don't
forget subscribe and I'll see you guys
soon bye
