hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I wanted to give back to the VC
community I feel like we all follow
those accounts on Instagram that have
the perfect lives and they're always
kind of jet stuck into different
countries ever knows who they are how
they can afford it what they do I'm
going to talk you guys through how to
become a super hot Instagram model so
you can just all the amazing countries
where all the amazing clothes and
basically look hot up doing it
that's one you're going to want to get
yourself some key I've chosen this one
from Starbucks so I have also read about
teas on Instagram that claim they can
give you apps in seven days without
doing any exercise because you want to
entirely change your skin tone to
closely resemble something of the cheeto
variety to prime my skin today I'm using
the Smashbox photo finish primer I'm
actually going to apply it by drinking
it directly onto my skin I genuinely
have no idea why but that that's what
I'm going to do
for foundation today to give me that
flawless real-life space tomb look I'm
going to be using the makeup forever
Ultra HD foundation stick you basically
want to apply enough foundation so
there's no sense of natural skin texture
last at all and any bits less still
remain we can face tune out later
another our base is done I'm going to
move on to my brows because no
self-respecting Instagram guru would
ever be on the platform without a strong
and fierce Instagram brow grab your
eyeshadow pallet of choice and using the
Anastasia Beverly Hills Modern
Renaissance palette going to take the
shade can pure up all over the lid pick
the shade burnt orange and just lay that
into the crease and I'm going to follow
that up with the shade real girl and
finally the shade Cypress umber and to
really give me a true Instagram I look
I'm just going to carve out my later as
a cut crease and I'm going to set that
with the primer via red eyes shadow but
now that my eye shadow is done it's time
to move on to eyeliner if you've ever
seen an Instagram guru without eyeliner
if I don't mean kind of I'm going to
move on to mascara and to be honest it
doesn't really matter what I'm going to
use anyway because I'm just going to put
some lashes on so just ignore this step
today I'm using the head of beauty Lana
luscious time to move on to the most
important steps contouring hoops up
you're going to want to take a shape
that's way too dark and warm for your
skin I'm using the shade one 7/8 from
makeup forever
now that my contour is done is time to
go for highlights and today I'm using
this heart-shaped plant
you basically just want to draw some
nice triangles all over your face and
then desperately try to blend them out
and to set my highlight I'm going to be
using the meter forever banana powder
because there's one time I still Mario
would do it on Kim Kardashian so I went
out and bought it so I could do it too
to set my contour today of course I'm
going to use the Anastacio powder
contour kit now that I'm looking like
the long-lost Kardashian sister it's
time to finish off the ends the right
area so I'm going back to those two warm
shadows and just smooth out my lower
lash line now that my eyes are done I'm
going to move on to highlight because
I'm seriously feeling like I'm like in
life right now I'm going to use the
anastacio glow kit I think on skis every
single shade I'm just going to apply
that everywhere and when you think about
it enough keep going and add more since
in there I'm also going to add it onto
the tip of my nose and also onto my
super sperm I'm also going to take that
into the inner corners of my eyes and
finally for my lips today I'm using the
Kylie Jenner lip kit in the shade Dolce
K because it took me five attempt
survivors on the website and I will use
it until the bitter end
there's just one final thing that's left
to change because let's face it being
blonde on Instagram it's good enough
these days if we want to have a
long-term Instagram career you kind of
need to keep up with the trends so I'm
going to go there my time is done my
makeup is plain my highlight is popping
my hair is probably given about four
people life somewhere but I've got my
nails willful I feel like it's the only
thing that missing is my clothes I just
feel like my clothes like ruining this
entire look is it just me I don't feel
like I'm slaying right now okay and this
is the finished look I feel like we've
covered all ground here we've got a turn
sorted we've got a make up I'll
highlight my hair and now we're dressed
in sausage pink is literally just one
more thing left to do because a
professional Instagram model would never
be seen dead without this office so
let's not uh salsa
thank you very much for watching I
really hope you enjoyed this video I'd
like to wish you good luck on your long
Instagram career as a hot bath Instagram
model like this look and you like to
recreate it then you can use my coupon
code which is hashtag Instagram AF thank
you so much for watching and I really
hope you enjoyed this video make sure
that you give it a big thumbs up because
I told you to and thanks so much for
watching don't forget to subscribe I'll
see you guys soon so
