hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm going to be testing a brand
new concealer and one that I have never
tried before it is this part shaped tape
concealer I've got the shape space and
stay neutral these are the lightest two
shapes that they stock in the range top
is actually quite difficult to get hold
of in the UK we don't have a Sephora
over here we don't have alter we don't
kind of have those kind of big American
Beauty stores by taught in the UK you
have to either buy it through the QVC
website and we don't necessarily always
have the latest launches or you have to
buy it through top UK website and they
are always sold out but every time their
website is sold at couple of points to
note on the cart shape tape they are
cruelty free and ingredient-wise it
contains shea butter sunflower peony
licorice root and MIT mini with all of
that in mind let's open the box and
let's get started let's just start first
with the shade fair get ten milliliters
of product in the tube the bottle is
quite chunky and it definitely feels
more like a mascara tube and it usually
does on a concealer tube so I'm actually
going to test it without any foundation
underneath the first of all I'm going to
give it a go and see how it works
to cover my dark circles first of all
I'm going to take the shade spare and
I'm going to go straight in the brush is
quite chunky and you do get quite a lot
of buildup of product on the end of it
I'm going to go through it though and
hope for the best or that it'll stick
definitely feels sick and then using my
fingers I'm just going to pass it to
blend it out oh wow look at that comfort
oh my god I have way too much on my skin
the difference between concealer and no
concealer right now is is crazy I feel
like I'm constantly looking in the
mirror because that's quite a big
difference I wasn't expecting it to give
that level of coverage in terms of shade
range I feel like that shade is perfect
if you want to get every highlighted
Instagram kind of makeup look if you a
piece of pale and definitely quite
inbreds I can't stop looking at on this
side of my skin we have to shade fair
and then I'm going to take the shade
same neutral on this side so we can see
the difference fully in terms of texture
a guess is quite similar to the NARS
radiant creamy concealer I guess if
anything it's slightly they're not but
it does feel incredibly similar I'm
going to take my finger once again and
just Pat to blend it out we now have
spoon neutral on this side and fair on
this side and just looking in the mirror
I can't really see that much different
this eye which we applied first of all
is it starting decreased slightly has
started to settle into those creases
otherwise I don't really have any
complaints right now it's done a pretty
good job of concealing the under eye
area and I feel like it would definitely
look better with foundation on as well
I'm going to see how it works on
breakout I'm going to take some of the
shade staying neutral which is the
slightly darker shade going to take a
small eyeshadow brush this one is from
Arctic if you can use any one though I'm
going to take some of that concealer
onto the brush so first of all I'm just
going to lay that concealer down over
those blemishes and then softly blend
and Buster out using the same brush
let's give this big one in the center
ago like my little volcano I'm going to
try that one
I'm not struggling to apply that at all
it seems to be covering quite easily
doesn't look cakey it might look a
little bit patchy because I'm not
applying it over any foundation so it
has nothing necessarily to blend into so
I have to work a little bit harder with
the brush to blend that out I'm quite
impressed by that so far I'm going to
move on it's trying to cover these one
you literally can see the difference
from the consumer side of my skin to the
unconcealed area and some space
blemishes are pretty red and this is
kind of just covered them using an
eyeshadow brush with no problems
whatsoever one of the most important
things is to be incredibly gentle with
that brush take your time and build up
the concealer in layers that way you'll
get such a natural looking coverage and
it will look like a second skin so this
is how my skin looks with just the
concealer on nothing else
I haven't powdered I haven't set this
I've literally just got moisturizer and
the shape tape concealer on my skin now
I know currently in my face does look a
little bit lighter than my body because
I don't have any contour and I don't
have any bronze at our foundation to
even out right now but what I'm going to
do next is just take all of this
concealer off my skin and we're going to
see how it works on top of foundation
because it may work incredibly well on
their skin but is it going to go cakey I
don't know let's find out now that my
makeup is off my skin I'm just going to
go ahead and pop on a really natural
look
now that the majority of my makeup is
done it's time to move on to the shape
tape concealer I'm going to take the
shade stay neutral I think and try this
one under the eyes going to bounce using
my finger to blend it out it's
definitely lifted this area here and
giving a brighter lighter appearance I'm
going to go back in with that concealer
on the other side a little bit of this
concealer really does go a long way I'm
also going to take a very small amount
of that concealer onto my chin and my
forehead too to set my concealer and
using the pixie color correcting powder
foundation oh those two work really
lovely together that literally glides
over that concealer and sets like a
dream
so this is the finished look I've used
my normal primer and normal foundation
and my usual powder I'm going to leave
that on my skin over the next few hours
and I'm going to come back and check in
and let's see how its worn it guys so
it's been about five hours now since
I've applied my foundation and as much
as I would love to check in once again
it is 2:00 a.m. and I need to go to
sleep and I can't sleep in my makeup so
I've loved it as long as I could the
only thing I have reapplied since I
first did my makeup with my lip balm and
I just put another coat of my 8 hour
cream on because my lips are feeling
quite dry and I've got a couple of areas
of redness around here here and here
which are starting to poke through that
foundation and concealer and these areas
down here on my chin are also showing
through otherwise does not relieve that
many areas that aren't showing through
the foundation we do definitely have
some creasing happening in that under
eye area especially in my smile lines so
when I smile where my natural creases
and lines would be that's where we have
the crease in in the concealer on that
I'm pretty happy with how it looks I am
a little bit oily in the t-zone other
than that everything seems to be okay
the shape tape I would say is very
similar to the NARS radiant creamy
concealer it definitely has the same
kind of consistency thickness and
coverage if anything I think maybe this
one is a little bit more pigmented but
I've really liked where in it it hasn't
felt heavy under my eyes it hasn't oh my
god and ordered it so low it hasn't fuck
heavy under my eyes it hasn't felt like
a chore to wear it I'm a little bit
shiny on my forehead but that could be
done to not powder in enough I have been
racing around in the car tonight and so
it could be something to do with that as
well I'll give it the benefit of desert
and I will keep trying it but so far my
first impressions is it is definitely
worth trying feel like it has great
coverage
and it works really well on pale skin I
do need to keep testing it over the next
couple of days to see how that crusin is
going to pan out maybe I use too much
product maybe I didn't assess it soon
enough I'm hoping that it's just a fluke
but if it keeps creasing in feature
width and I would have to reconsider it
maybe but for the time being I like how
it is and yeah I'm probably going to use
it in my next couple of videos there are
any other foundations or concealers
you'd like to see me try then please
please let me know in the comment
section down below thanks so much for
watching and if - again I'm going to go
back I'm going to take my makeup off and
get some sleep
thank you so much for watching I'll see
you guys soon bye
