hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm soaking you through how to do
this really vibrant colorful pink makeup
look I'm definitely taking inspiration
for my backdrop today and I've gone for
a glittering pink eyeliner and a really
bright pop of pink on the lip don't
forget to hit subscribe and if you'd
like to find out how to do this look
just keep watching we're going to start
by filling in my brows and today I'm
using the benefits precise my brow
pencil and this is in shades - it's one
maybe slightly too light but I'm going
to go for it and try it anyway now that
my brows with Earl
let's move on to the eyes to point my
eyes today I'm going to just pop on a
little bit of my foundation and today
I'm using the Make Up For Ever Ultra HD
foundation and it is in the shade one
one seven kind of pop that on and then
use my finger to blend it out for my
eyeshadow today and taking the
Maybelline 24-karat news eyes shadow
palettes and I'm going to take the first
shade and just run that across my lid
moving on to this shimmery purple shade
I'm just going to pop that in the outer
corner of my eye
for my eyeliner today I want to go for a
really bright vivid color but first I'm
just going to apply some eyeshadow to
give me guidelines on where to place the
liner I'm going to use the violet Voss
Pro palette and just take the bottom
shows called Amy you can use any pink
eyeshadow that you may have to do this
next I'm moving on to my eyeliner and
today and using the collection at
ceramic crystal shuttling gel liner and
this is in the shade dancing queen
number eight just apply it over the top
and for mascara I'm using the Maybelline
the falsies push up angel mascara for my
lashes today I'm using the sugar pill
sin ascent
lashes now that my lashes are on I'm
just going to take a cotton bud and just
clean up the under eye area in case any
effect little liner has spilled onto my
cheek with the majority of my eye makeup
done I'm going to move on to the base
and to prime my skin today I'm using the
NYX hydration primer I'm just going to
go ahead and I'm just going to apply
that all over my skin it gives me a real
boost of hydration on my foundation
today I'm using the Makeup Forever Ultra
HD foundation stick I'm just going to
apply this and straight onto my skin and
using a Beauty Blender I'm just going to
bounce to blend it out and to contour my
skin I'm taking shade 1 to 8 in the
ultra HD stick foundation and using that
same Beauty Blender I'm just going to
bounce to blend it out
this video is definitely not supposed to
and so make it forever
I'm just really loving the Ultra HD
range at the moment to conceal my under
eye area and taking shade y23
in the Ultra HD concealer and I'm just
going to apply that underneath my eyes
and using my fingers I'm just going to
tap to blend it out
I'm also going to take that same
concealer onto my chin and my forehead
to set my face today I'm using the pixie
color correcting powder foundation to
finish that's my under eye area and
going back to the violet Voss
ride-or-die palette and first of all I'm
going to take the shade Amy on the lower
lash line finish up with the showed
Carly I'm just going to pop some mascara
on the lower lashes taking the Marc
Jacobs matte Highliner in the shade
popular and I'm just going to apply this
into my lower waterline for blush today
I'm using the big C multi bomb and this
is in the shade watermelon avail I'm
just going to apply this onto the tops
of my cheeks and then just gently blend
it out the highlight my skin today I'm
taking the anastacio and Nicole Carrera
palette I think I'm going to take the
chase kitty cat and just apply that
along the highest points of my cheeks
I'm also going to take that on the tip
of my nose and my Cupid's bow to add a
really intense highlight I'm going to
take the shade forever lip and just
apply that in small amounts on the top
I'm also going to take the shade forever
lip into the inner corner of my eyes
and finally fine lips today I'm taking
the benefit they're real double the lips
and this is the shade pink thrill this
is a lip liner and lipstick
in one but I've never used it before so
I'm not sure how it's going to go but
I'm going to try it anyway
and let's just hope the best and this is
the finished look we've got a vibrant
pink lip and a glittering pink liner
with a load of highlight on the skin if
you couldn't tell I was definitely
inspired by my backdrops to defend let
me know
comment section down below what you
think would you wear it you hate it do
you like it let me know thank you so
much for watching don't forget to hit
the subscribe button and give this video
a huge thumbs up I'll see you guys soon
bye
