hi guys and welcome back today I'm
continuing on the tradition of trying
weird and wonderful skincare items today
I have this the komodo suction I
purchased this from Amazon for the
grunge price of $59.99 which is the
equivalent of 50 US dollars it's quite
pricy considering I have no idea if it's
going to work how it's going to go
potent I can even open the box I will
stab it with some tweezers I'm wearing
we're in but we have the operational
manual thank-you card which is quite
quick if you like our products leave us
a positive review and feedback to this
product I think you have a great day
we've got the main suction device one
two three four different attachments I
guess we play there's a USB cable for it
as well I'm going to go through the
manual figure out how to use the
Commodore suction device micro
crystalline Commodore suction device has
functions of skin smoothing acne
removing skin firming pore cleansing and
Commodore exception the probe with micro
crystalline particles has large surface
area and with high absorption this probe
can massage and exfoliate skin that
feels quite rough to me before delusion
that won't on my skin does scare me a
little bit each size circular form probe
has the characteristic of strong suction
small size circular form probe suction
is weaker this has less suction than the
big ol Holy One if you've got a deep
blackhead use that one you've got a not
so deep blackhead or you've got
sensitive skin if saying to use the
rounded tip maybe I'll enthusiast one
which is kind of like the slanted tip
stimulate the micro circulation to
operate prevents the growing of wrinkled
the corner of mouth and other areas
where easy to have fine lines so I'm
guessing that
here I don't know what this micro
circulation is talking about I'm
guessing that's me doing this but it
like might not be as I literally have no
idea
luckily guys for the first time ever we
have a tips page we have a tips page
start from your chin move the device
from the bottom up use on kick and move
it from the inside the outside view from
the middle to both side like so I'm
guessing you can see area from the
bottom aim the round tall at the
location at the blackhead or acne to
remove them the levels can be changed
according to your knee I'm going to go
threatened going to switch it on okay
it's just shown with the battery symbol
again so far it sounds like a microwave
and me like that that freezes priest
we're gonna go wash that let's give it a
go I'm gonna zoom in let's just go for
it
I'm actually quite scared oh it's suck
but I don't actually know it sucks
anything out okay
not any song oh that's so stuck it is
nothing
I just feel like I'm put in a vacuum
cleaner on my face like come on out and
I meant to leave it out in one spot
fuckin doesn't really play
aah howls anything that's come up you
know my skin is bright red but I can't
actually see much difference I don't
know if it's done anything it's
definitely blood come in to the surface
and my chin that does not look good out
ah oh that really hurt that one really
really hurt I'm gonna go in with this on
my nose and really hope I don't screw up
my face but I'm getting quite worried
that I was basically just given myself
like hickeys all over my tune and that
would be a disaster we swapped to the
smaller head and I'm going to try that
and hope that it's not going to kill me
as much as the bigger hair stays I think
medium is a good place to start and
let's go for it I'm not sure how long I
should keep it on exception
I'm going to go back to that figure
suction one I'm going to give that a go
this could go horribly wrong and may
lose my nose I'm just going to do it on
a two and just pray for my nose oh oh oh
oh oh as of right now I'm not seeing any
different this area here was really
really hurt and I was really worried
about it bruising it's starting to grow
purple what if I down on this side um I
know I can definitely see a patch of
congested pull me right on number four
and we're going to hope for the best
you
I think they'll made it work no false
alarm
yeah we've tried the big novel and we've
also tried the small nozzle I bruised my
chin I feel like my nose is now really
long sight oh my god basically it was a
complete disaster
so screw it is literally going purple
this is disaster oh my god I'm going to
give it one more chance I'm going to try
it between my brows I'm going to give it
in the benefit of the doubt basically
it's a load of art it doesn't work all
it does is make my face go bright red
and give me bruises I just threw 50
dollars down the drain and gave myself
bruises all over my face winner
sohere drama I forgot to base your
filament in my nose
I've still got clogged pores and I'll
have facial bruises to go with it
because this is going even darker by the
minute I'm not sure how much concealer
it's going to take to cover that up
because I'm guessing it's going to be
quite a lot moral of the story this does
not work this will growth you this will
make your skin doing purple and it will
not get rid of your probation filament
or your blackheads or your clothes cause
it will just give you pain with added
pain on that note I'm gonna say goodbye
because my face really right now I feel
like I've given myself a headache
don't forget to subscribe and give this
video a huge thumbs up and if you have
any suggestions for any more weird
products that you'd like to see me try
then do let me know in the comment
section down below thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you guys soon
