hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this easy
Valentine's look to prime I'm using the
17 skin well 3 Way highlighter and I'm
just applying this all over my skin to
act as a primer today before moving on
to foundation today I'm using the YSL
fusion ink cushion foundation if you
haven't tried this foundation you need
to it gets such a beautiful coverage on
the skin for my brows today I'm taking
the Anastasia brow definer in the shade
medium brown and then I'm just going to
lock them in place with the Rimmel brow
this way clear brow gel spoke concealer
today I am of course taking the Kryolan
derma color dq1 quintet which is amazing
and I love it and I'm just blending that
out before moving on to the pixi by
petra multi balm stick I'm just going to
go ahead and use that to contour today
and I'm just going to blend that out
using a zoeva rose gold foundation brush
I'm going to move on to the NARS radiant
creamy concealer and I'm going to use
this to conceal my under eye area as
well as to highlight my skin on my chin
forehead and down the center of my nose
then once again I'm taking that same the
weaver foundation brush and I'm just
going to gently blend it all out
together to set that I'm taking the pixi
by petra powder foundation in the shade
zero one cream and I'm going to start by
setting my under eyes before moving onto
the rest of my face the contour today
I'm using Smashbox step-by-step contour
kit and I'm just picking the medium
warmest shade to contour into the
hollows of my cheeks my forehead and
some side of my nose I'm also going to
take that on a small eyeshadow brush and
run that into the deepest part of the
crease of my eyes find this is a really
great way to bring the whole look
together I shadow I'm taking the Urban
Decay liquid moon dust and first of all
I'm going to just apply it over the lid
and then gently tap to blend it out for
mascara today I have some L'Oreal false
lash superstar fiber mascara I'm just
going to apply number one or loafer
before going over with number two onto
the center and the ends of my lashes to
highlight today I'm using the cover
Beks moonlight illuminator and I'm just
going to apply this to the highest
points of my cheeks my Cupid's bow my
nose then I'm just going to finish off
those eyes by going back to the Smashbox
step-by-step kit and applying another
coat of mascara to bring the whole lips
together I'm using the Anastasi lip
palette using a lip brush I'm just going
to apply that all over my lips now it's
time for hair I'm just going to brush
through and then I'm just going to give
it a quick once-over with the
straightness to get rid of any hair
bands marks or any kinks in the hair and
my favorite curling Tong is the JT Tong
I like to make sure that my hair is all
going in one direction the right half
side of my head I'll curl backwards the
left-hand side I'll curl in the opposite
direction and you can really see how
quickly you can do it and how much of a
difference it make when I'm happy with
my curls I like to give it a spritz of
hairspray this is the way hairspray so
I'm just going to give it a gentle
spritz and then brush it all through
using my tangle teezer and here is the
finished look my romantic red
valentine's look thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed this video
don't forget to subscribe
I'll see you guys soon sign
