hi guys and welcome back in today's
video I'm continuing on the tradition of
putting weight on my face in today's
video we have the carbonated bubble
claimer I have no idea how you use this
I haven't even opened the box so let's
go through it together and hope that
it's in English because otherwise with
the elusive bucket
milky picky carbonated bubble clay mask
and we've got a little picture of a PKU
of the bowl
very very cute piggy I'm sky open the
box and we're gonna hook to the back so
I'm in to the box and there's nothing in
the box except the mask right there just
wrapped in some plastic so you don't go
everywhere okay inside the little
spatula so I like these spatulas
when I pick off that top of god I've got
nails on so how are you open it
Luna I don't even have anybody here that
can help me ah come in honey boo boo
it's smells refresh that kind of smells
like the type of shower gel that you
probably was find in a hotel
basically just Green sludge I don't
really know how else to describe that
apart from sludge like and green not a
word in English on this packaging so
here's what I do I'm going to try and
take a photo of it on the Google
Translate at the one has the camera and
then my Google Translate app is to scan
in that image you're trying to text the
third letter no text phone
the work is exacting all the less to
send a lizard back and milky pigment
carbonate stubble claimers clean the
widows clear water by the powerful
attraction of med and charcoal and it
makes one stop care for poor cleaning
and cleansing what I'm going to try the
side of the box now yes yes we call the
instruction bubble clay zero one four a
is made from mud and charcoal which
cleans the waste of the waste with clean
absorption of the mud and charcoal and
helps the carbonate acid and that medic
you with the poor tactical and the
support top it is smooth and mix 44 has
the proper amount of the used room pan
scraper fly evenly after three four five
minutes massage the bubble well okay so
dude what we're gonna do I'm going to
put a hair banding get my hair off my
face and let's just do it
oh it's stickier than I was expecting
it's like a chocolate mousse almost oh
it's cold
that's pretty cold it smells like
flowers ow Oh
I'm turnin into a frog
I'm supposedly okay with that so this
could be a good look for me it is now
three minutes past 3:00 so I am gonna
put my stopwatch on and just see what
happens because oh it's still you know
when you get in it on your face and you
really really need to scratch that itch
that's what my nose feels like it's if
you visit the bottom performing know it
is probably the most attractive I've
ever looked in my life oh my god that's
so itchy you know like when you get one
really brand in the hair that just sucks
on your face somewhere and you can feel
it but you can't grab in that kind of
what this feels like all over my face I
can definitely feel all the bubbles
happening around here you can enjoy them
that was three minutes I put it on for
another two minutes and that's just
going to count down and I'm going to see
how that works out for me Oh
alright guys we've had four three to
five minutes off that products on the
skin so now I'm just going to run for
the bathroom grab a flannel and some
warm water and just whip that off my
skin you're like I'm taking slime lost
my face recently here okay so the mask
is now off my skin and it definitely
does feel smooth and it does feel clean
and fresh so that is probably because I
just took off a face mask with a muslin
cloth obviously this was very gimmicky I
do feel like it was gimmicky that
scuffling is it really necessary can we
really live without the bubble effect
probably probably quite quite well
probably can my nose is still itchy if
in about four hours my nose feels like
it's going to drop off there he'll be
worried okay guys so it's been about 48
hours now since I use the bubble face
mask and I literally just finished
editing this video I looked at my desk
and I was like oh my neck starting to
feel a little bit itchy
and then I touched my cheek and looks
like oh that doesn't feel right I am
breaking out like crazy it doesn't feel
good it feels like it's covered in
almost like hives you know it's that
really tight closed small raised
breakouts that's definitely like a
reaction although you can't really see
it but I can feel it I haven't used
anything else new in my skincare routine
apart from this a couple of days it's
going to grow even redder and it's going
to be even more prominent first
impressions on the carbonated bubble
clay mask I will never be using this
again so yeah that was really stupid of
me to do that just wanted to give you
guys an update I don't recommend this I
don't condone this and yeah it's
probably going to wreck my skin for the
next month so there we go guys that's it
for the weird products this week and let
me know what you thought of it in the
comment section down below have you
tried it would
you try it let me know thanks for
watching guys don't forget subscribe
I'll see you guys soon bye
