hi guys and welcome back today I'm
soaking you through how to do this girls
night out some makeup look I actually
wore this look on a recent nights out
with my friends ready for swap we were
in Cardiff on the rim or Burchett I
thought I'd recreate it today for you
guys so if you'd like to find out how to
get this look then just keep watching
I'm going to start by applying a primer
and today I'm using the pixie glow shim
de deux this is just a brightening
motion oh yeah
typical we get in there so I'm just
going to pop those all over my face and
yeah it was just careful ready for
makeup application or foundation today
I'm using the Rimmel match perfection
I'm going to mix together a shade pen
which is like porcelain with shades 100
which is ivory
I find that mixing these two together
gets the right shade for my skin and to
apply that today and using the looks go
still better foundation brush for
concealer today and use in the Kirill
and in McCulloch
camouflage cream because you know this
is my favorite concealer of all time I'm
going to go back to that look good feel
better brush to just blend it all out
for my brows today and using the Rimmel
professional eye brow pencil and this is
in the shade black brown and to set my
brows I'm using the Rimmel BRABUS way
clear brow gel I'm just going to pop
that on over my brows and this I find
really does help keep them in place all
day for my eyeshadow today and using the
deal coral gradation palette and this is
a really cute little quad it's got four
different colors in there I'm going to
start off with the lemon type shavers
and I'm just going to pop that all over
the lid
okay that lemon food is actually a gold
something - yes I'm going to take this
coral shade and I'm just going to run
that along the crease so I'm going to
take the darkest shade and I'm just
going to apply that in the second half
of my eye and I'm just going to take my
foundation brush and just brush outwards
to sharpen up so those then fill go back
to that gold shade and just press that
using my finger over the top liner and
I'm using the clinic pretty easy liner
pen for mascara today I'm using the
Rimmel scandaleyes reloaded mascara and
I'm just going to go ahead and apply
that to my lashes for my lashes today
I'm using the Ardell baby with these
lashes for my under eye area I'm using
the Charlotte Tilbury the researcher and
this is the conceal and treat stick I'm
just going to apply this underneath my
eyes to cover up any dark circles that I
may have and I'm just going to blend it
out using my foundation brush
and to set my concealer and using the
Make Up For Ever Ultra HD powder and
this is in the shade 0-1 to finish up my
under eye area and going back to that
deal eyes shadow palette and I'm just
going to run it the coral and brown
shade across my lower lash line for
mascara and going back to the scandalize
reloaded and to finish up my lower lash
line I'm taking the Rimmel soft core
black liner and I'm just going to add
that to the lower lash line to contour
today and using the Smashbox contour
palette going to take the light contour
shade and just apply that across the top
of my forehead and the hollows of my
cheek and for highlight today I'm using
the Topshop highlight in the shade some
Moria I'm just going to apply that to
the highest point of my cheeks
underneath my brows the inner corner is
with my eyes my nose and Cupid's bow for
my lipstick today and using the
Charlotte Tilbury secret spell matte
lipstick and finally to finish up my
look and keep it in place all night I'm
using the Rimmel hashtag insta-fix and
glow a setting spray so this is the
finished look my girls night out glam
makeup look thanks for watching guys
don't forget subscribe and I'll see you
guys soon bye
