hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this
Christmas glam look for those people
that hate red lipstick don't worry that
is coming that look is coming but in the
meantime this is a look without any gold
or any red lipstick in sight because not
everybody likes to wear red lipstick
don't forget to subscribe and click the
bells turn on notifications and let's
get started for my foundation today I'm
using the Vichy dermablend in the shade
5 porcelain today I'm using the Topshop
Beauty sponge to apply my foundation
this is just top shops version of a
Beauty Blender I've never used it before
so hopefully it's quite good I'm
actually finding this sponge a little
bit difficult to use today when you run
it under the tap that usually doubles in
size hasn't expanded really and
therefore it's it's really tough to
apply foundation using so I'm just going
to swap to a flat foundation brush and
just smooth it out and blend using this
I feel like straightaway that is so much
easier to spread the product over my
face next I'm going to move on to my
brows a I'm using the NYX brow gel in
the shade brunette this is one of my
favorites drugstore brow products and
it's definitely worth checking out now
that my brows are done it's time to move
on to eyeshadow I'm going to be using
the NYX single eyeshadows now I actually
had no idea that they sold this and so I
drop one and I had no idea they sold
this I'm gonna go for like a little bit
of a green smokey eye just gonna warm up
the crease and to do that I'm using the
shade long or lol you want to get
old-school this is just a warm burnt
orange shade and I'm just going to apply
that straight into the crease
I'm taking the shade happy hour and I'm
gonna run that into the deepest part of
the crease taking the mix prismatic
shadow in the shade jaded and this is
the really beautiful deep green shimmer
shadow and I'm just gonna press that on
some list
actually have quite a lot of fallout
from the jaded eyeshadow I'm just going
to take a small amount of the Guardian
micellar water on a cotton pad and just
clean up that area
followed by a tiny bit of foundation to
clean up the area I'm gonna move on to
eyeliner and today I'm using the pixi by
petra sake endless iPad and this is in
the shade graphic gray graphic gray
great graphic gray basically it's the
grey one just gonna run that along my
upper lash line moving on to mascara and
today I'm using the Maybelline the
falsies push-up drama mascara for my
lashes today I'm going for the our doll
with speed and these are one of my
all-time favorite drugstore lashes to
quante my skin today and using the
Daniel Sandler watercolor cream blush in
the shade Riviera I'm just going to take
my zoeva
one 110 based shape brush and apply that
along the top of my forehead the hollows
of my cheeks and under my chin
you
now that I've contoured it's time to
highlight and to highlight my skin today
I'm using the NARS radiant creamy
concealer in the shade
Chantilly I'm just going to take this
underneath my eyes and also my chin and
forehead and using a crown see 4:07
jumbo shadow brush I'm just going to
blend that out
and to set my concealer today I'm using
the pixie color correcting powder
foundation in the shade number one cream
okay now I'm going to go back to the
under eye area and first of all I'm
going to take the shade come on when
it's cool but it's the brown shade from
the mixed single eyeshadows I'm just
going to run that along my lower lash
line next I'm going to take the pixie
liner and just run that along my lower
waterline to finish up the lower lash
line I'm going back to Maybelline
push-up drama mascara for my blush today
I'm using the soap & Glory peach party
blush brick and I'm just going to go
ahead and apply that user name NYX duo
fiber brush so highlight today I'm using
the Topshop highlighter in the shade Sun
warrior it's gonna run that along the
highest point oh my god
I have never used this highlight you
seen that I don't even know what to say
to that that is amazing it's like there
there's like nothing and then P I'm also
going to take that onto my Cupid's bow
and the tip of my nose and I'm going to
run that underneath my brows a small
amount of that highlight into the inner
corner of my eye to bring the whole look
together I'm gonna line my lips season
the Charlotte Tilbury lip cheat lip
liner
and for lipstick I'm using the Rimmel
Kate Moss shade 40 lipstick
this is the finished look it is my glam
green smokey eye that is an alternative
to the red lip look at Christmas thank
you so much for watching I hope you
enjoyed this video and if you have any
suggestions for future looks you'd like
to see me try then please do let me know
in the comment section down below don't
forget to subscribe click the bell to
turn on notifications I'll see you guys
soon bye
