hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this
vibrant Thanksgiving inspired makeup
look got a spicy lips a yellow cut
crease and some burnt orange and reds in
the smoky eye don't forget to hit
subscribe and click the bell to have
notifications turned on for my channel
and let's get started and get a start by
applying a primer and today I'm using
the NYX Hydra touch primer all over my
skin
for foundation today I'm using the marc
jacobs remarkable foundation this is a
full-coverage foundation so if you are
trying to achieve that kind of natural
no makeup makeup look this is not the
one for you this will cover anything
it's everything but it's not gonna look
like skin
so do bear that in mind I'm kind of
going for that whole Instagram vibe in
this look today so this is exactly what
I'm looking for to apply my foundation
I'm using the clinic buffing brush I
like to just blend it out in circular
motions and then I'll take the brush and
do slight stippling motions I do find
that that is the best way to get a good
coverage using this foundation
for my brows today I'm using the NYX
eyebrow gel in the shade brunette I
freaking love this stuff it's about 6
pounds for the tube and if you're a fan
of the Anastacio dip brow or any kind of
creamy brow products like that then it's
definitely worth checking this one out
because it's so affordable and so easy
to use to carve up my brows I'm using
the hourglass vanish finish foundation
stick this is one of my favorite full
coverage foundations and I personally
love to use it like I would with a
concealer today I'm going to use it pull
up my rest and to set to my eyes today
I'm using the Ben Nye super whiteness
powder
oh my eyes today I'm going to be using
the sugarpill Pro eyeshadows I've never
used these before these just got sent to
me in the post it's get care of me wrong
don't try you don't know these are raw
pressed eyeshadows they're all
completely vegan I will start by using
the sugar pill
pressed powder plain white which is a
really beautiful warm orange that by
rolling that into the crease and buffing
it out next I'm going to take the shade
love+ and this is just going to go into
the outer corner with the crease and
also at the deepest part taking the
shade castle on the hill I'm just going
to deepen up the outer corner of the eye
picking the shades bullets proof which
is a matte black shadow and he tannic
smaller blending brush I'm just going to
apply that to the deepest parts of the
crease
for the legs I'm going back to the
hourglass vanish finish foundation stick
and I'm going to start carving out the
lid for a cut crease use any flat
shading brush just outline the shape of
your lid
to set the concealer and bring the whole
look together with a pop of color I'm
using the sugar pill butter cupcake
pressed eyeshadow this is a really
vibrant yellow shadow just go for it and
have fun with color in this slow
for eyeliner today I'm using the Marc
Jacobs precision pen eyeliner and I'm
going to go ahead and apply a gold wing
for mascara today I'm using the Rimmel
scandaleyes reloaded mascara
to finish off my eyes I'm going for the
house of lashes knock out false lashes
now that the majority of my eyes are
done it's time to move back to the base
and I'm going quite old school today and
I'm taking the Anastasio cream contour
kit I feel like I haven't used this in
like forever so I'm going to give this a
go today and I'm going to take the
lightest to contour shades here and
apply those across the center of my
forehead the hollows of my cheeks under
my jewel and the sides of my nose get a
move on to that darker shade and just
press that into the hollows of my cheeks
and the highlight and going back to the
hourglass vanish finish foundation stick
and stir blend that out and using the
same Clinique buffing brush that I used
for my foundation
to conceal my dark circles and highlight
the under eye area and using the blank
vanish finish foundation stick and once
again I'm using that same Clinique brush
to blend it out and to set the under eye
area I'm using the Ben Nye super White's
loose powder to finish up the under eye
area and going back to those sugarpill
eyes shadows so I'm taking the orange
sage flame point and I'm just going to
lay that on the lower lash line taking
the shade and love+ followed by the
shade bulletproof and using the zoeva
graphic liner pen in the shade opulence
I'm going to line my lower lash line and
to finish up my eyes and going back to
the Rimmel scandaleyes mascara for blush
today I'm using the NYX ombre blush in
the shade feel the heat you really do
not need much of this bush that's so
quite that is a low blush I start out I
like today I'm using a zoeva strobe gel
and this is in the shake halo this is a
brand new product
I have swatched it but I've never tried
it on so I'm going to go ahead and give
it a first shot and hope that it doesn't
ruin everything because that would just
be tragic
I'm kind of feeling like I need more
highlight more highlight more very thing
can use the NYX illuminator and this is
in the shade ritualistic rituals this
could go horribly wrong I don't know if
I've used this before
that's showing up a bit more yeah now my
nose looks too strong under my brows in
a corner of my eye but those brows
finally to finish off the whole look i'm
using the anastasia beverly hills spicy
liquid lipstick this is the finished
look it is my thanksgiving inspired
makeup look thank you so much for
watching i really hope you enjoyed this
look and if you have any suggestions for
future looks then let me know in the
comment section down below don't forget
to hit the subscribe button click the
notification bell I'll see you guys soon
bye
