hi guys and welcome back you haven't
guessed by the title of this video today
I'm talking you through my absolutely
massive Primark beauty haul I went to
Primark Oxford Street last week I might
have got a little bit carried away it's
really happy and it is literally just
for a makeup and beauty bit before hit
myself in the face and everything in
that bag came to the grand total of 139
pounds and 90 pence I feel like that's
quite good and I'm just gonna keep
saying that to justify it to myself
let's get started in terms of primers I
have the PS pro illuminating primer and
this says that it gives a sheer
illuminating base a natural glow with a
lightweight texture if you are shopping
for Primark makeup have a look inside
the box to make sure that you do have a
silver seal on any liquids before you
purchase them I also bought the perfect
glow primer which illuminate and smooth
and it helps to blow the appearance of
skin imperfection so it says in it cost
three pounds the PS pro longwear
minimalized foundation and I bought two
shades zero 0 which is porcelain and
zero 1 which is ivory inside it contains
32 mils of foundation which is actually
quite good
basically spat at me
porcelain shades has come up quite light
it is starting to go a little bit yellow
around the edges which means that it is
slightly oxidizing whilst it's drying
and setting on my skin the ivory shade
is just orange yes
liquid foundation and I actually bought
two shades of this cool sand and the
porcelain because again I had no idea
which shade that I needed this product I
was actually super excited about to find
in store and it is the PS Master contour
palette and this was only six pounds and
if I can open it without breaking my
fingers off
I mean oh god did I just break this
powder oh yeah this one could be quite
good so let's give this oh now that felt
incredibly chalky so it's not the most
high quality of highlighting powders I
am a little bit disappointed for that
one is so chalky but I'm not going to
know until I get the brush in there and
give it a go the PS contour and glow
bronzer to sculpt and shimmer it's a
highlight palette this one looks a lot
like the Charlotte Tilbury film-star
bronze & Glow palette I think that's
what it's called the PS contour kits
three shades to sculpt and define
features so you get a contour of bronze
and a highlight shade in this palette or
you also go brush as well so for an
extra fifty pence you get a brush maybe
I didn't do a good enough job on
check-in this one that is quite a sad
and sorry looking brush all three shades
do look to be slightly shimmery and but
for pounds that seems like a bargain so
far PS strobe crayons the three pounds
you get three of these little crayons in
a cute little bag if I can open it maybe
it's not so cute okay I'm in I'm in I'm
in a golden highlighter a sand
highlighter and a rose highlight all
right let's give them a swatch what's
the worst that girl
that is them
here's to get your glow on set and this
is the illuminating highlighter
collection and this costs six pounds
three powder highlighter shades
there's an illuminating concealer Beauty
blends of dupe and I like a little mini
kabuki brush we have the PS highlighter
and this is just a stick cream
highlighter and this one was one pants
fit you for real
seriously seriously what am I meant to
do with this now it's bounced off the
floor well that's going straight in the
bin why is it always happen to me drive
like the worst luck Primark PS pro high
definition mascara ultra volume and lift
has that kind of silicone spiky brush
and that was three pounds the lashes I
picked up the PS dramatic false
eyelashes skills with attitudes glamour
for sexy stunning lashes at three pounds
the same brands but with the natural
lashes for gorgeous looking lashes the
PS brow emergency kit and in this kit
you get a brow pencil a pair of tweezers
a spoolie and a clear brow gel and this
costs just two pounds I also picked up
the PS light brown brow fixing gel PS
Pro Longwear finishing powder this is
just a regular loose translucent setting
powder here CeCe finishing powder six
different colored shapes in there and
when you swirl them all together
apparently it's supposed to give you a
show that works for your skin PS blush
in the shade amaretto which was one
pounds 50 yes complete face palette
smoky collection and this says it had
seven shades for face eyes and
and this cost six pounds contour and
highlight show a silver a great black
shade a blush and what looks like a
cream lip product yes nine shades I
palette and this was only two pounds
fifty Reese's Peanut Butter Cup lip balm
at one pound fifty the P escrow miracle
pencil and this says looking contour
lips brighten eyes and conceal so this
is very similar to the Wonder pencil by
NYX to the Primark sheer lipstick
vitamin E lipsticks one everyday shades
that I usually go for which is like a
movi shade I also got a peachy nude
shade as well next up is the Primark PS
Pro kiss proof liquid matte lipstick
nude in private and then Rouge in danger
there were three pounds each and
hopefully they'll be quite good and
we'll rifle and anastacio liquid
lipstick i also picked up the PS pro
long wear lip liner pen and this was i'm
not sure how much this was actually it
can't be more than maybe about two
pounds or something yeah but I've got it
to go with it a project that really
caught my eye was the PS pro eyeliner
corrector pen I'm looking forward to
trying this out and seeing if it is an
easy way of fixing any eyeliner mistakes
if so it could be a little bit of the
game changer it was of concealer there
was one which really caught my eye and
it was the PS Pro CC concealer palette
it looks incredibly similar to the crime
and derma color palette inside you get
five different shades
you get three concealers and two color
correcting sticks
I'm not going to swatch it because I
don't want to give it away and I want to
try it
in a makeup tutorial first hand very
similar in terms of look to the Kryolan
derma color palette except in this one
you get like an eye shadow scrunch
applicator instead of a brush I would
not recommend using this to apply
concealer at three pounds I bought the
PS color correcting wheel the PS
concealer and this is in the shade
chestnut which is
obviously way too dark for my skin tone
but I fought at ninety pence it's worth
a shot to see if it would work as a
cream contour 840 pack full cover
false nails paint your own round these
are just a clear plastic nail that you
place on top of your nail glue it down
and then paint them any color you want
makes life so much easier sometimes my
mark Pierce nails in the shade black and
pink and these will one pound each the
Pierce to park hair wrap holds back here
one washing on hand Thursday that's
quite good 75 pence look I should be
playing tennis or something quite happy
with those one pound 54 - barking here's
pro expert face blending brush suitable
for liquids and powders the bristles
feel quite good the handle does feel
quite plastic II probably because it's
made out of plastic um yeah I think I'll
try that in my next video
high-definition results Howlett brush
and this brush was three pounds fifty
which is so affordable quite impressed
fed up with three pounds fifty bargain
the PS foundation and concealer brush
this is a two in one brush and this cost
one pound fifty I'm not actually a fan
of two-in-one brushes if I'm putting my
brush in my brush pots like this then
the bottom brush is always going to be
touching the bottom of the the brush pot
and it's not going to be clean the PS
complete I brush set and this was three
pounds fifty we have how many brushes
isn't it four brushes that's quite good
isn't it the one thing that does
disappoint me slightly is there isn't a
round blending brush in there you don't
have that in this set you generally just
have a flat brushes yes angled powder
brush and again this one was one pounds
fifty shading I brush this is just a
short stubby pencil brush it feels just
as good qualities any pencil brush that
I have from crown brush or any pencil
brush that I have from zoeva so at two
pounds definitely with trying yes
contour Queen blend
didn't sponge and holder mind were you
when I saw this in the store was that
the sponge was like glued to this holder
and I was like how would you even clean
that I like the idea of this I think
it's just really really ugly PS Pro
high-definition results liquid
foundation brush and this was three
pounds fifty I mean like it feels quite
soft the PS eyelash curler and this was
two pounds lil bit squeaky honestly
feels like if you squeeze it a few too
many times it may break two pounds I
can't expect the world to pound move on
Primark slammed in sponge and it has
this really really cute penguin design
on the box I don't know if I'm just
easily pleased this one has a little dog
design on the front of the box you have
a plain ten coloured sponge in there
again this one was one pound so absolute
bargain vinyl tool that I picked up was
this really cute rose gold glitter
mirror and yeah loved it
the next item is one that I wouldn't
actually recommend you purchase and that
is the Primark PS blend and cleanse
makeup brush and sponge cleanser wipes
in the box
you get six of these alcohol cleansing
wipes and it's basically telling you to
take your duty brush and just wipe it
over with the alcohol wipe and it's
telling you that's going to be clean
you're not going to get all of that
product out of your brush by just
rubbing it back and forth on a cleansing
wipe I don't think it is possible I'm
disappointed that this is being sold and
told that it's a great way to clean your
brushes it's not going to clean a Beauty
Blender it's not going to get rid of the
foundation from the center of beauty
blender you could still be putting
foundation on top of old foundation on
top of old foundation and that could be
a breeding ground for bacteria
and germs so these are not a safe way to
clean your makeup brushes I do not
recommend them I did waste two pounds
buying them just so I could say that
this will not deep clean your brushes
there we go guys and that is it that is
everything in my epic Primark beauty
haul thank you so much for watching I
really hope you enjoyed this video and
if you have made it this far then let me
know in the comment section down below
which combination of products you would
like to see me try and use don't forget
to subscribe I'll see you guys soon bye
