hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this
affordable glitter cut crease makeup
look each makeup product that I'm using
to create this look today costs 10
pounds or less really tried my best to
keep it as affordable as possible don't
forget to give this video a huge thumbs
out hit that subscribe button and let's
get started to prime my skin I'm using
the Loreal infallible mattifying base
primer for foundation today I'm using
the collection illuminating touched
foundation I wear this in the shade
number one porcelain which is the
lightest shade that they sell however if
you are super pale then this one may be
too dark for you so make sure that you
give it a swatch and test it out first
before you buy it
to conceal any of my pigmentation
breakouts or scarring that spells shine
through my foundation I'm using the
Kryolan derma colored camouflage cream
an individual plan like this costs less
than five pounds from Kryolan so it's
definitely worth looking into because
it's more affordable than some drugstore
concealers and it has a better coverage
for my brows today I'm using the soap &
Glory archery two in one brow pencil and
to set my brows I'm using the brow gel
from the end of the archery two and one
pencil when my eyes today I'm using the
D 1w camouflage cream from Kryolan
for my ice today I'm using the sleek is
night sweetheart
a shadow palette this shadow here first
and just apply that all over the lid and
I'm softly blending that upwards towards
the brow bone
next I'm gonna take this shape here and
just blend it into the crease finally
I'm gonna finish with this matte shade
and just blend that outwards towards the
brow bone
who eyeliner today I'm using the Rimmel
scandaleyes precision micro eyeliner and
I'm gonna go ahead and apply a really
bold wing today to really make this eye
look pop I'm gonna use the Kiko glitter
eyeliner you can use any glitter gel
glitter eyeliner anything that you have
and want to use I'm getting use this one
and apply a little bit of a glitter cut
crease along with the deepest part of
the crease today for mascara today I'm
using the Rimmel scandaleyes reloaded to
mascara I'm just gonna apply that to my
top lashes
now that the majority about eye makeup
is done I'm gonna move on to conceal in
the under eye area he's in the seventeen
warpaint which you may have seen in my
previous a drugstore video and I'm going
to use that today and to set my
concealer today I'm using the Maybelline
mattes maker pressed powder to finish
off my under eye area I'm taking this
beautiful metallic shadow from the slick
palette and I'm just gonna run that
along my lower lash line
finally I'm taking the soap & Glory
crazy sexy coal liner and using that
pencil brush I'm just going to smudge
out the liner
to add some warmth to my skin I'm using
the NYX matte bronzer just gonna apply
this like our woods with a contour to
the hive's of my cheeks the top of my
forehead and I'll Sao Paulo my job and
to highlight today I'm using the MUA and
dressed your skin highlight and I'm just
gonna go ahead and apply this the
highest points of my cheeks my Cupid's
bow and also the bridge of my nose and
finally my lips today I'm using the
sleek VIP lipstick and this is in the
shade attitude 101 - this is the
finished look my super affordable
glitter cut crease makeup thank you so
much for watching I hope you guys
enjoyed this ten pounds or less makeup
look I've never done one of these before
so I have no idea if this was a good
idea or bad idea and let me know your
thoughts in the comment section down
below and thank you so much for watching
make sure that you do hit that subscribe
button and ensure your notifications are
turned on so you can be notified every
time I post a new video thank you so
much for watching I look guys and I'll
see you guys soon bye
