hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this acne
coverage soft glam makeup look I'm using
the 17 skin while 3 Way highlighter to
add some luminosity to my skin full
foundation today I have the clinic
beyond perfecting foundation and
concealer so first of all I'm just going
to go ahead and apply that all over my
skin using the brush applicator then I'm
taking the clinic buffing brush and I'm
going to start blending that out across
my skin I did actually find it really
easy to get a flawless finish using just
the Clinique beyond perfecting
foundation which actually took me by
surprise and really impressed me so I'm
not going to apply any concealers open
my pigmentation or breakouts today first
of all I like to apply that foundation
using the buffing brush and then using a
small amount and a stippling brush I'll
start applying that over any areas where
I have scarring or pigmentation and you
can really see that it has given such a
flawless look across the skin for my
brows today I have the clinic superfine
liner in the shade soft Brown so I'm
just going to go ahead fill them in and
then brush through them and using the
kylie jenner bronze palette I'm going to
go ahead and start my eyes so first up
I'm taking the lightest shade as a base
then moving on to this warm orange in
the crease and I'm going to start to
blend that upwards next I'm taking this
warm a terracotta shade and once again
applying that into the deepest part of
the crease before moving on to the warm
Brown and applying that just in the
deepest part of that crease for the lid
I'm taking the light shimmer shadow and
finishing using the Clinique black kohl
liner and using a small pencil brush I'm
just going to go ahead and smudge that
out for mascara today I have the
Maybelline lash sensational mascara and
for lashes i'm using the ardell demi
wispies which are one of my favorites to
contour today I'm using the NYX wonder
stick and I'm just going to go ahead and
apply that into the
list of my cheeks my chin my forehead
and also my nose to blend out I'm using
a mini Beauty Blender and for my
forehead I'm going back to the stippling
motion on that clinic brush to get rid
of my pesky dark circles I'm using the
Smashbox color correcting stick and I'm
just going to go ahead and apply that
and then blend it out using that baby
Beauty Blender and to highlight my skin
today I'm using the NARS radiant creamy
so I just applied that to the under eye
area blended it out using my finger and
that mini Beauty Blender I've also done
the same on my chin and also my forehead
using the Ben Nye super white powder I'm
just going to go ahead and set the areas
where we highlighted so I'm just
pressing that powder onto my skin and
feathering it outwards taking the clinic
melon pop blush I'm going to add a flush
of color to the apples of my cheeks
before moving on to finishing the under
eye area so taking that kai-shan
appellate and a touch of mascara and a
little bit of coal liner to finish it
off to highlight today I'm using the
Anastasia glow kit and I'm taking the
shade White's and onto the tops of my
cheeks my Cupid's bow and also the inner
corners of my eyes and for lips today I
have the kylie jenner dirty peach lip
kit so first of all I'm just going to go
ahead and apply that lip liner all over
my lips and then taking the liquid
lipstick I'm just going to go ahead and
make sure there's an even coat all over
and here is the finished look my acne
coverage soft glam makeup
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this video and I'll see
you guys soon bye
