hi guys and welcome back let's get
started first up foundation I'm using
the Marc Jacobs of remarkable foundation
to just give me a flawless base for my
brows today I'm using the high
definition brow pencil so I'm gonna go
ahead and fill in my brows and then
using the Creole endemic Allah
camouflage cream I'm just gonna conceal
any of the areas that may still be
showing through the foundation going for
the flawless look today taking the Urban
Decay Naked skin concealer in the shade
fair neutral I'm just going to conceal
my under eyes center of my forehead and
also my chin this will definitely act as
a highlighter and it will also give us
more of a flawless look to and using the
Ben Nye super white loose powder I'm
just gonna set any of the areas where we
applied concealer the super white is
very similar to the neutral set powder
but it will give you more of a white and
highlighted look for eyeshadow today i'm
using the morphe 35c palette and first
of all i'm taking this light pink and
i'm going to contour with it today
following on with a slightly darker pink
and I'm just going to re-emphasize those
contort areas you want to layer up here
next I'm moving on to this magenta shade
and I'm gonna take a small eyeshadow
brush first and then blend out using
that larger brush once again I'm also
going to take this into the inner corner
of the eye socket
don't be afraid on this spits just blend
it out and take your time take a darker
purple shadow and then apply that to the
contoured areas and the inner eye socket
area I'm also going to take this shade
under my jaw line and onto my neck
concentrate the darkest shadow
underneath the jaw and then blend out
down to your decolletage back to the
eyes and using the NYX lid lingerie in
the shade white pearl I'm just going to
carve out my crease and apply this shade
all over the lid
higher than the cruise and to set that
and using the white eyeshadow shows from
the morphe 35c palette next i'm going
back to that magenta shade and i'm just
going to smoke out the outer corner of
the eye follow him with the purple shade
and I'm just going to concentrate this
in the outer V of the eye
and going back to the white eyeshadow
I'm going to use this as a highlight
today finally take the darker purple
shade apply it into the outer V and then
blend out to the under-eye area using
the YSL shocking eyeliner I'm just going
to go ahead and apply some winged liner
and for mascara today I have the
Maybelline the falsies pump up the
volume mascara followed by the hooded
Beauty Farah false lashes these are so
beautiful and so fluffy finish with some
mascara on the lower lashes I'm also
going to take some of the Makeup Forever
aqua XL m80 liner and apply this onto
the lower lash line now that the eyes
are done it's time to really get that
mermaid look nails using the Anastasio
moonchild glow kit I'm taking the shade
purple horseshoe and I'm going to apply
that on to the highest points of my
cheeks and also across my forehead then
I'm gonna move on to the shades of blue
ice and I'm just gonna use this to add
an epic highlight now this palette is so
incredible and so pigmented I've applied
that to the inner corners of my eyes my
Cupid's bow nose and then also on to my
deck cleotasha for lipstick today I'm
using the NYX pro lip cream palette in
the shade the plums and I'm just gonna
go ahead and apply that all over my lips
after applying my lipstick I did feel
like something was missing and then I
thought I'm gonna go ahead and add some
scales you can use any kind of fishnet
types to do this I used a fishnet wig
cap to do this and I'm just gonna apply
that eyeshadow all over my skin and also
on my neck when you then remove the
fishnet it gives you the scale look for
here today I'm gonna go ahead and apply
a wig this is my old Harley Quinn wig
and I'm just going to go ahead and use
this so I've popped my wig on and then I
thought why not add some glitter
basically this was a terrible mistake
so I moved on to the fudge urban hair
art and this is the violet haze shade
and it's just a spray in
Paree color that washes out so I'm going
to go ahead and spray my wig with that
shade and then in between sprays I would
take my brush and just brush it through
to even out and here is the finished
look my glam mermaid Halloween makeup
look thank you so much for watching I
really hope you enjoyed this video don't
forget to subscribe and I'll see you
guys soon bye
