hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you for how to do this Halloween
easy glam makeup tutorial if you want to
find out how to get this look then just
keep watching starting with a clean boy
stur eyes face I'm first going to apply
my shadows shields to help keep my
shadow in check then I'm moving on to
the crown and dimmer color palettes to
help prep my lids you can use any
concealer for this but I shadow today
I'm using the morphe of 35 B palette and
first take in the light beige shade to
just set that concealer on my lids then
I'm going to move on to this warm orange
shade and use this as a transition in
the crease next up is the red shade and
this is the shape that we're going to be
using on our lids but I just like to use
it in the transition to help build up
that color slowly next I'm going to take
this kind of magenta purple shade and
just apply that into the outer corners
of the eye this is where we start to add
the richness and that darker shade into
the shadow build the color up slowly so
that way you won't go wrong so I'm going
to take the purple shadow and once again
just build up that color slowly in the
outer corners use the shadow shield or
tape to help you finally I'm taking that
black shade now we've built up our color
quite a bit and we know where we want
this shades to go so now it's just a
case of applying it using a small brush
and taking your time you can always add
more but it's much more difficult to
take it away
now this look has a really cool red cut
crease in there so I'm going to use the
Giorgio Armani eye and brow maestro in
the shade henna to just cut in that
crease and carve it out now if you don't
have this product that's okay you can
just use any concealer or any kind of
eyeshadow base cream product that you
have we're going to be setting this with
that morphe red eye shadow anyway I just
stumbled across the red product in my
makeup bag and thought it would be the
perfect use for it I'm going to go back
to that black shadow and just redefine
the outer corners of the eye and
slightly shades that into the Reds just
to make it all seamless and smooth and
I'm just swapping to a larger fluffy
brush to blend it out well I learned
today I'm using the collection extreme
bold 24-hour felt tip calligraphy liner
now this has a calligraphy nib on it
that allows you to create a thick bold
line and also a finer accurate flick in
one pen which i think is pretty cool I'm
just applying that liner onto my eye to
create a little bit of a winged shape
along the edge of that shadow I'm also
using those shadow shells to help me on
this bit again if you don't have shadow
shields you can use scotch tape or
sticky tape anything that you have
for mascara today I have the pure
minerals fully-charged mascara and I'm
just going to apply a light coat of fur
onto my lashes following on with the
House of lashes boudoir lashes and these
are so fluffy they're so lovely to wear
with the hardest part of our eyes done
it's time to peel off those shutter
shields or tape and then just clean up
the outer edges of the eyes moving on to
brows and today I'm wearing the pixie
natural brow of giro this is cool
because it has a pencil and a brow gel
in one so I'm starting by filling in my
brows using that pencil and when I've
got them to b'seder I'm happy with I'm
taking the brow gel and I'm just gonna
set those brows and to clean up under my
brows I'm taking the Kryolan dimmer
color camouflage cream in hindsight I
probably should have done my brows first
I admit it was a terrible mistake I'm
using the pixie glow Sunday jus and this
will just really give this that luminous
skin look that I really love especially
when you have darker eyes and lips and
full Foundation the lorac pro perfection
foundation in the ship pr1 and I'm just
applying that I think this is a H&M
foundation brush I'm not really sure but
I'm just applying it using the brush and
then going back to that camouflage cream
and just cover in any breakouts that may
still be showing through the foundation
to contour today I'm using the
collection precision contour in sticks
now these have a really slim tip on them
which makes it great for getting into
the hollows of your cheeks and get in a
really accurate application I'm also
taking this onto my chin and also the
tops of my forehead now in terms of
formula these are really lightweight and
creamy and they're super affordable too
I think they're only 399 in the
drugstore here in the UK so love it love
how affordable it is next I'm moving on
to the darkest collection position
contour stick and I'm just going to
re-emphasize the hollows of my cheeks
and really give me that kind of
Halloween contoured glam look to blend
out that contour I'm using a damp mini
Beauty Blender I'm also taking those
contour stick onto my nose and using
that mini beauty blender to blend it out
before moving on to the vanish
Foundation stick from hourglass and I'm
just going to apply that on to the
center of my nose it blends that out and
then take it into the under eye area use
from that same mini Beauty Blender I'm
gonna blend it out
to set my under eye area I'm using the
Ben Nye colorless powder and I'm just
going to apply that onto a small fluffy
brush this is a small brush from urban
decay I can't remember exactly which
brush it is but I'll leave the link in
the description box below I'm also going
to take a light dusting of that powder
onto the rest of my face going back to
the morphe 35c palette and taking the
red shade and just lay in that along the
lower lash line then I'm moving on to
the purple shade this is to build up
that color slowly and stop it looking
muddy and making a mistake
finally I'm taking that black shadow and
just laying that from the under eye area
up to the top and taking the extreme
bowls 24-hour felt tip calligraphy liner
I'm just going to apply that liner all
along the lower lash line and to
highlight the tear duct area I'm using
the pure minerals highlighting palette
and is taken that lightest shade in the
inner corner before finishing off the
eyes with a small coating of mascara to
bring the whole look together I'm just
going to apply that highlighter to the
tops of my cheeks and I'm using a makeup
forever brush to apply this and I love
this brush now that our face is done
let's move on to the lips I'm starting
off by taking the me poise lipliner and
I'm just going to apply this all over
the lips this will basically act as an
outline because we're gonna go a really
intense on the lips today I'm following
this by taking the Kylie cosmetics king
of night black lip liner you can use any
black lip liner to do this and if you
don't have a black lip liner then you
can use a lip safe eye pencil instead
we're going through an ombre black and
red lip today so I'm gonna start by
feathering in the outer corners of my
lips and for lips today I'm using the
collection cosmetics Velvets kiss
moisturizing lip cream and this is in
the shade rosy I'm just gonna go ahead
and use a lip brush to apply this today
what I like about this lip cream is it
has a really velvety matte
- er - it and it dries matte without
feeling dry in or harsh on your lips
time for coat number two of that lip
cream to really intensify that shade and
I'm just gonna go ahead with my lip
brush apply it once again into the
center and blend it into the outer
corners then go back to your black lip
liner and really go for it and add some
drama and re line your lips and use your
lip brush to blend it out and here is
the finished look my Halloween easy glam
makeup tutorial thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed this
Halloween makeup look don't forget to
subscribe and I'll see you guys soon bye
