hi guys and welcome back let's start
with primer today I'm using the 17 skin
wow 3-way highlighter to just prep my
skin and make sure that I am totally
ready for foundation and for foundation
today I'm using the l'oreal nude magique
cushion foundation and if you have been
watching my channel for a while then you
will know that I definitely am a big fan
of cushion foundations and I love this
one too using the derma color camouflage
cream I'm just gonna go over any areas
where my breakouts are still showing
through my skin is pretty stressed at
the moment so I'm just gonna blend out
that camouflage cream using my NYX
makeup sponge and for brows today I'm
using the sleek brow palette and I'm
just gonna take the waxy shade and apply
that using an angled brush I think this
one is from zoeva Barb's brows are
slightly more rounded than mine so I'm
just gonna try and fake that today and
for eyeshadow I'm using the morphe 35c
palette and first of all I'm just gonna
take the light beige shade and set my
eyes then I'm gonna mix the white and
the light blue shades together we're
growing the full 80s today
it's a look I guess you could call it a
look blue eyeshadow
next up mascara I'm using the Marc
Jacobs velvet noir mascara and I'm just
gonna go ahead and apply a couple of
coats of that to my upper lashes
definitely feeling this look for blush
today I'm applying the pixi by petra
multi balm in the shade wild rose and
I'm just gonna go ahead and pop that on
the apples of my cheeks and using the
Urban Decay Naked skin concealer I'm
just gonna apply that to the under eye
area now I did actually blend out that
pixie blush by the way make sure it's
all even and smooth and there's no harsh
lines
and using my favorite benign neutral
sets colorless powder I'm just gonna set
the under-eye area and then once I'm
happy with that I'm gonna take it on to
the rest of my skin now I do want my
skin to look quite maps today because
we're not quite finished on the base yet
taking the zoeva nude spectrum blush
palette I'm just going to apply this
shade onto the apples of my cheeks and
this will really help emphasize the
change in skin tone and then I'm gonna
go back to that sleek brow palette and
start applying some freckles and of
course I screwed it up and straightaway
difficult when you can get over your
screw-up carry on applying your freckles
all over your skin now I'm using a very
small face painting brush to do this and
if I do notice any little mistakes I'll
just take that Crowell and derma color
and just fix them straight away
concentrate on the under eye area first
then take it onto the forehead and your
chin to make sure it's all balanced next
I'm going back to that zoeva nude
spectrum blush and I'm just going to
apply this over the top of the freckles
to help map them down slightly for my
lips today I'm using the sleek notorious
nudes power plumping lip crayon and I'm
just gonna go ahead and apply that all
over my lips
now it's time for the real
transformation and I'm gonna pop on my
wig so I'm just gonna go ahead and wrap
my hair and try and make it as flat to
my head as I can as I did say in my
eleventh tutorial I really struggled
with this bit as I just had some fresh
hair extensions applied which was still
quite painful once you've wrapped your
hair pop on a wig cap and then go ahead
and place your wig on your head so I
thought I'd be clever and do some
groundwork and prep my hair the night
before film in this and this was the
moment I'd realized I'd parted it the
wrong way
so I started again and I took my really
blunt three-pound ebay hairdressing
scissors and basically just hacked at it
to try and recreate Bob's look I'm not a
hairdresser so just go with your own
instincts on this I had so much fun
putting the costume together for this
look and I will leave everything that
I'm wearing
linked in the description box down below
thank you so much for watching I really
hope you enjoyed this video don't forget
to subscribe and I'll see you guys soon
bye
