hi guys and welcome back today I'm
talking you through how to do this acne
coverage full makeup look don't forget
to subscribe and let's get started I'm
gonna go ahead and do my eyes first just
in case any of the pigment falls out
onto the lower eye area so first of all
I'm going to go and apply my shadows
shields I'm going to start by applying a
small amount of derma color onto my
eyelids to act as a lid primer for
eyeshadow today I'm using the violet
vast Pro palette and I'm going to start
by taking the shade thanks a lot I'm
going to apply that all over the lid I
feel like this is the perfect warm
smokey eye palette before it has so many
beautiful shades in there take the shade
transition and use that as a transition
color in the crease
next I'm taking the shade hashtag and
once again just going to apply that into
the crease
next I'm taking wine and done and I'm
going to concentrate this shade on the
inner and the outer corners of my eye
blend those shadows out next I'm taking
the shade teddy bear and once again
taking that onto the inner and outer
corners of my eye
next I'm going to take the shades toffee
and just apply that into the center of
my eyelids
we're just going to go back to that
shade wine and dine and just soften the
edges next I'm going to take the lift
cosmetics rich and famous glitter and
I'm just going to press that into the
center of the lid just going to slightly
further that upwards I'm going to take a
small amount of wine and dine that mixed
weave teddy bear and just darken up the
outer and inner corner to line my eyes
I'm using the Rimmel scandaleyes liner
I'm not taking it into a wing today but
if that's what you want to do then go
for it for mascara today I'm using the
Rimmel London scandal eyes reload it so
I'm going to apply some lashes but
here's the thing I don't actually know
which ones these are if I wick it out I
will leave it in description box down
below now that my eyes are done I'm just
going to peel away those shadow shells
using the NYX brow gel in the shade
brunette I'm just going to go ahead and
start filling in my brows
for foundation today I'm using the
Loreal
nude magique cushion foundation and to
apply that and using the look goods feel
better
Multi tile skin brush and a percentage
of the sales of this does actually go to
help teenagers living with cancer so it
is definitely a good brush to have I'm
going to go back to that Crowell and
demo color palette and just conceal any
of the breakups that may still be
showing through our foundation to
conceal my under eyes I'm using the
Urban Decay Naked skin concealer and
this is in the shade fair neutral
and I'm going to set that concealer
using the Ben 9 neutral set colorless
powder
you
also going to take that concealer on to
the center of my chin and also the
center of my forehead
going back to that Ben Nye powder I'm
just going to lay a really light dusting
over my entire face to finish up my eyes
I'm going back to the shade wine and
dine and just laying that in the under
eye area
then using a fluffy brush I'm taking the
shade transition and hashtag mixed
together and I'm just going to blend out
the outer edge move it onto the shade
teddy bear I'm just going to apply that
in the inner and outer corner I'm taking
a small amount of that rich and famous
glitter in the center of the lower lash
area I'm going to finish up with a coat
of the scandalised mascara and to
highlight to the inner corner of my eye
I'm taking the shade Plouffe and just
pressing that into the tear duct area
contour today I'm using the Smashbox
step by step highlighting palette I
really like this one I'm gonna start by
taking the topi ashy shade on the ends
first I take that under my chin and also
into my temples
for blush today I'm using the soap &
Glory made you blush rosy cheek blusher
as to highlight today I'm using the make
up forevers
pro light fusion highlight
for lips I'm going to try the NYX butter
lipstick in the shade right berry
here is the finished look my acne
coverage for makeup thank you so much
for watching I really hope you enjoyed
this look and as always if you have any
suggestions for future looks then please
do let me know in the comment section
down below but don't forget to subscribe
and I'll see you guys soon bye
