hi guys and welcome back today I'm doing
the no brush makeup challenge three
years ago I owned zero makeup brushes I
didn't have any and I would do all my
makeup using my fingers here's hoping
that I have improved since I am ready to
go and get a start by applying a primer
today I'm using the 17 skin Wow from E
way highlighter and I'm just gonna go
ahead and apply that all over my skin
feeling pleasantly confident let's hope
that it stays that way when it comes to
doing the eye makeup and the brows maybe
I should have done my brows first I
screw up my brows even with brushes so
somebody please pray for me that I'll be
able to make it through without for
brows today I'm using the sleek makeup
light brow kit I'm going to take this
waxy shade hair onto my nail let's do
this
I've got screwed it up for ride eh
I'm going to use my little finger and
just try and clean that up now that my
brows are filled in I'm going to take
the shade d4 from micro and derma color
palette and I'm just going to neaten up
the under area of those brows
for foundation today I'm taking the
lorac perfection foundation I'm also
going to mix in a small pump of the 17
skin well I just feel like I'm just
slapping myself in the face that
actually looks like quite a nice base
yes so I'm going to move on to
contouring I'm using the make up
forevers Pro sculpting palette a mixture
with these two shades here to contour
now that we've got our tiger stripes on
I'm just going to use my fingers and
some sort of blending motion to blend
that out
so like I've gone a little bit too
orange why did I do this please work to
highlight I'm using the smudge Fox
studio skin 24-hour concealer just going
to apply this to my chin the center of
my forehead underneath my cheekbones
feel like this tapping motion it's the
way to go it hasn't felt me up please
don't fail me now
maybe we should have used that bit of my
hand look like I'm calling myself a dead
no I'm just going to cover up any of
those breakups that we can still see
using the Kryolan derma color palette
I'm going to go back to that 17-3 wave
highlighter
I'm using the Anastasio modern
renaissance palette it is one of my
favorite palette first of all I'm going
to go for the shades tempera and apply
that all over my eyelid
next I'm going to take the shade burnt
orange and I'm going to try and use this
as a transition shade there's literally
how I used to do my eyeshadow my just go
for Cypress um bow which is this really
pretty brown shade and lo that and the
outer corner I'm going to take the shade
red oka
next I'm going to take the shade
primavera and I'm just going to apply
that on the center and the inner corner
of my eye I'm going to give winged liner
I go going to use the collection extreme
24-hour felt liner I'm gonna dig my nail
into it and give that a go as a tool
you
Oh
oh we can rescue this we could rescue
this
all right next up it's mascara and I'm
using the collection extreme color
lengthening mascara oh this is so clumpy
it smell so wrong yes oh I don't
even know what to say to them
it's gonna apply a light pair of lashes
okay so now that our eyes are pretty
much done I'm gonna go ahead and conceal
my under eye area gonna take that color
correcting shade from the Make Up For
Ever 40 palette and just lightly apply
that to the under eye area so first of
all I'm just gonna lay that red shades
on I'm taking the vanish alabaster
foundation stick and this is from
hourglass
to set my under eye area I'm using the
Vichy dermablend translucent powder this
is one of my favorite powders so it
better not let me down I will be so
disappointed I'm gonna go for the dip
and press method cannot look so freaking
cake
the slapping yourself in the face method
is coming back
for blusher today I'm using the blush
from the Rimmel Kate sculpting palette
to take my finger on that blush and just
really go through it I did actually used
to apply my blush with my fingers didn't
really understand the point of blusher
so I sure as hell wasn't gonna buy a
blush brush blush success I'm going to
take the pure minerals moonlight glow
palette and I'm going to take the
lightest highlight shade and just apply
that on to the tops of my cheeks this
highlighter is so good also going to
take that into the inner corner and I'm
going to be brave and go back to that
modern mini sense palette and apply it
to the under eye area I wasn't going to
but I kind of feel like it needs it I'm
going to take that shade burnt orange
next I'm going to take Cyprus samba
actually scared to try and put mascara
on the bottom lashes but I'm going to
try it because if you don't try and fail
you never tried and it would have been
perfect I'm just going to wiggle my
finger back and forth in front of those
bottom lashes the lips today I'm taking
the mabe
nute flush vivid matte liquid lipstick
and I'm going to go ahead and apply that
all over my lips never been so bloody
time supply lipstick in my Mac so here's
the finished look this is my full face
of makeup using just my fingers we
managed to make it work and yet
touch and go in places it might look
good on camera but it looks so cakey in
thank you so much for watching I hope
you enjoyed this video and this kind of
fun challenge I had fun anyway I do
actually really enjoyed making these
videos please do make sure you hit that
subscribe button to be notified every
time I post a new video I'll see you
guys soon bye
