guys we have something very very
exciting to show you today we got
ourselves a new puppy
worse than your puppy we got ourselves a
new puppy guys actually going Xpress
with the box this right here this is
called the peak of pop let's unbox it
okay that was the quickest thing ever
boom super unboxing right there okay so
basically what you do is this puppy is
sound and touch activated you fill it up
with water right in here there's like a
little receptacle you put a little bit
of water dude what is the definition of
receptacle we can put it there on the
screen we'll look it up in here it holds
the water it's gonna play music and
sounds and we all have to pass around
the pup and pet it on its head we have
to be sure the pee is visible to your
face so that we have a lot of fun
playing toilet trouble okay so basically
we're gonna pass around the peeing pup
we're gonna pet a 10 and it's gonna make
all kinds of funky noises winter park
streetwise like that surround the puck
so this is like the world in our world
the world peeing pup Championships right
here
we're gonna see who is the last person
standing after we passed the peeing pop
now this is this pup is full of water oh
I have to say adult assembly where an
adult assembly required and batteries
are not included right all right let's
get this dog peed in our faces okay do
you want me to start right there yeah
okay so I just got eliminated so now
it's down to the three family members
are right there
oh here's the tissue for you ma'am oh
here we go it's down to the final it's
down to the mother-son competition
finals have begun
wow I've never seen gonna be so explain
with you can be in your face well that's
a good thing is water oh my goodness
guys how was that the patient is crazy
we have a champion in today's being PUC
Championships hey momma be the new
champion the new champion
congratulations mama B congratulations
thank you again to Hansol for sponsoring
this video
peeing pump is available now you can
find it now at Walmart's in the US or
Walmart com yes check it out and guys
I'm gonna link the details down below so
you guys can get more information on PE
pub ok guys so if you like this video
please give it a thumbs up and if you
want to see us do any other challenges
that leave a comment down below and if
you're gonna have your own pimp up night
leave a comment down below and let us
know who won in your family thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you've
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little theme
will pop up and use it to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
is my radio voice bye
