hey guys we know how much you guys love
the dad jokes try not to laughs and
we've done it with the monkeys and now
it's time to see if we can get mama B to
laugh
do you like that jokes they are the
corniest things I've ever heard in my
life you can't laugh at them you can't
laugh at them no if they are laughable I
have some doozies here some classics I
saved the best ones for Mama B because I
know that we're gonna have to make her
crap today we'll see what do you think
monkeys you don't think so at all no
really you have to be really funny to
make her laugh
but these are dad jokes the classics all
right monkey the water please
assume the position mama B you've seen
the videos you know what you need to do
you need to fill your mouth up with lots
of water none of this like there's a
little bit of water it's got to be full
on water mm-hmm oh mama B get ready to
spit out your you juices what are a
dance teachers favorite numbers five six
seven eight whoa she held on she's good
why don't some couples go to the gym
because some relationships just don't
work out
especially laughing more that I would do
in TV I tried to eat a clock once but is
very time consuming she doesn't what is
still in the Florida them go on the blog
beneath the spill this is very serious
now it's a serious news mm-hm
did you guys hear about the bakery that
burned down last night
the business is toast a little bit of
spillage I used to have a fear of
hurdles but I eventually got over it why
did the pig stop sunbathing because it
was bacon in the heat no spillage I
could see a little filly bad did you
hear about the crime that happened at
the parking garage it was wrong on so
many levels because the parking garages
have different levels there's like a lot
of levels this is also very serious did
you hear about the guy who was whole
left side was cut off yeah he's alright
now that's a classic you got to hit it
with the classics once in a while you
know this is a great way to drink more
water stay hydrated kids do you want to
hear the joke about the leech forget it
sucks what you name do you know that I
broke my wrist once skateboarding yeah
it's okay I'm a risk taker
did you hear about the new reversible
jackets I'm really excited to see how
they turn out
so sad I lost all my coloring books I
just need a shoulder to crayon it's
running down it's running down you know
I really wanted to be a vegetarian but I
realized that would be a mistake in the
vegetarian joke this is a real classic
this is this is fun for the whole family
where does she go to get a haircut
spillage I saw spillage in these in
these okay so I think we're gonna have
to fix the scale here because in most of
the jokes the water was spilling out of
your mouth so are they funny yes or no
no they weren't funny where they corny
it's an upper gate make them funnier
right don't we need funnier jokes from
puppies all right we need to up the game
I think I succeeded because I saw
spillage I saw spillage you sought
spillage thank you
mic man hype man what do you guys think
let us know in the comments down below
what do you think did I make mama B
laugh did she fail that turn out to
laugh challenge did you purposely do it
because she felt bad for you question
thanks for watching guys we love you and
we'll see you again soon
all right I'm gonna go drop my jeans
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice bye
