who's that disgusting spider in there oh
all right all right we know how much you
guys love the real food challenges so I
figured we can do one more of these and
this time is gonna be weird sodas versus
so it's gonna be like the regular
challenge but it's gonna have a twist to
it both monkeys are gonna be blindfolded
I'm gonna give one of them either the
weird soda or the real food and they're
gonna have to taste it I no one's gonna
know exactly that it's not a soda but
the person who gets the weird soda has
the guess
bet flavor yeah I think we're losing
your sister monkeys reveal your item oh
I got the bottle I'm afraid to touch out
I'm gonna get sticky here underneath so
the heck is this is this a cake it's
getting all of the man's whoo it's like
oranjee
kind of tastes like berries berries I
want to say peanut butter and jelly
peanut butter and jelly
no it's kind of like gingery nose like a
yeah it's kind of like spicy in the back
yeah I don't know what it is you don't
know okay this is leaving buffalo wings
that did not oh that's why it was spicy
that does not taste like buffalo wings
that tastes like orange
it's like spicy orange yeah I love this
game it's just this is like guessing
what's like taking it to a whole new
level
with three two one go what is it it is
that that does give me very interesting
I didn't I didn't cook that so you
probably want to take a bite out of it
like our like vanilla corn were you
expecting something gross that tastes
like corn but like a corn cake I was
like I tastes good it's like look at
dessert come on a corn cake sweet corn
let's go crying oh this tastes like corn
100% it's so beer no oh why am I taking
another swing
that's gross that's so gross girls cover
your eyes kids
cover your eyes inappropriate part
where's the food 3:01 radio because all
the bottles are glass and they have
their route I got your bottle you got
the bottle I know what this one is you
know what it is I will just wing it like
oh no no this all right it is that Oh No
maybe you should probably put some on
the on the plate
yeah okay now I'm going to taste it does
it all right you like that okay let's
see if that tastes like this oh boy it
tastes like the wall of a target I think
you're no target who you were if you
were to lick the wall
you know when you eat something and you
really regret you might think another so
we could try to guess what it is
I already know what it is what is it
let's branch yeah yes it smells you lay
there you think it's ginormous at horse
wig you might think it to enormous force
wig of the ranch oh you know it smells
like it smells like metal it smelling to
all our stores it smells like an old
hardware store it does oh my god why do
you do these things please stop oh my
god sure you're not impressing anyone
yeah no one's out here
no finish it finish it finish it finish
it
who's that disgusting is disgust oh my
gosh you finished the entire thing that
burns on the way back up
oh it's like drinking liquid metal
that's what tastes like this is open
that's so that's open okay I got the
truth okay
this is it this is what is in front of
them ass monkey so uh yeah that's like
oh yeah what oh my gosh I'm not even in
it it literally tastes like you know
like the wall and like anything
everything G food a wall does it smell
like you guys cannot handle them please
okay what is it
so what is it it's bacon this bacon is
not so good either
I don't know what did you do it I went
to a local coffee shop because I didn't
have bacon at home so I passed my I
grabbed the coffee and I asked them to
throw some bacon in the microwave for me
so I paid a dollar for that a dollar
bacon that's like dollar coffee store me
don't eat it all oh it's gross this guy
drinks a whole bottle of ranch soda but
he says that a little bit of bacon is
gross the jug it man don't know I'm not
joking this the ranch actually tastes
better than it I'm a butterfly ready for
the reveal three two one reveal let's
smell it's delicious look B of this
smells delicious I'm not telling you
what comes with up that telling you can
give it a little swiggy to ruin me
I feel like there's some cinnamon glue
what are the elements what are the
elements sir what would look like sin it
isn't like cinnamon hearts it's not
cinnamon hearts
it's like cinnamon what other things do
I don't have something is it a cinnamon
cinnamon roll no you get one more it's
like a candy no monkey reveal pumpkin
pie pumpkin pie flavored weird soda no
it tastes like cinnamon and I don't know
if cinnamon and pumpkin pie it also
tastes like a cinnamon heart that's
weird
yeah it tastes like a cinnamon heart all
right pumpkin pie soda tastes like a
cinnamon heart I have no idea what okay
you want the soda you want the real food
yeah you guys have agreed on this are
you sure yes are you sure guys three two
one go
okay so I got the soda blah it's square
it could be uh right off the wick oh I
just did something that I still smells
to be weird it's wrong with this pizza
that tastes weird
no well I know cuz it doesn't taste like
anything once
tastes like thing as it's like sugar to
a wall why does it really feels like a
wall you it tastes like like a pool like
you know when you go like the hotel pool
if you were eat to eat that hotel
alright would smell it would be okay so
what's your guess what's your best guess
what is it it has to be something like a
little bit sweet so I want to say
like strawberries maybe weird soda
strawberry flavored yes all right pull
up the mask peanut jar oh that explains
the fruitiness
yeah wash it down with a peanut butter
and jelly sandwich yeah really he's
different
you said it this tastes like a swimming
pool like the swimming pool area not
this when you pull up the swimming pool
area you know echoey like it kind of
tastes like a swimming pool area yeah
whatever that means
that definitely does not taste like
peanut butter and jelly but no yeah all
right guys thanks for watching let us
know down in the comments below who won
this challenge and if you want to see
another challenge let us know you like
this video please give it a thumbs up
and that's it that's it monkeys wait we
love you guys thanks for watching wrong
with this peanut butter it might be
expired come on come on
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and you get
to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said
it's my radio voice
