welcome to the nerf Chuck
target target challenge challenge the
monkeys are gonna take their best shot
at my head I'm gonna put some targets on
my head and we're gonna see who is the
better so we did this over a year ago
the monkeys were much smaller their aim
was pretty awful I'm gonna be of eluting
all over you guys if you hit me too hard
so are you ready to see the weapons yes
here is the Arsenal that the monkeys can
choose from never thought I'd bring this
back you guys remember this 2017 okay so
the monkeys are gonna get to choose one
weapon each at a time I'm gonna put one
of these on my head and the monkeys are
gonna have to try to shoot it or spin it
who has better aim at monkeys the winner
gets gets there gets their bed name for
a day yeah that's that sounds like a
plan all right so like a plan hold on a
second before you choose I got to put
off protection so you need some
protection gonna make sure plan it's
safe so I got my goggles I got my hair
helmet we're ready to go it's flowing I
think the slow-motion shots flowing
blonde hair taking a head shot it's the
way to go okay well this monkeys gonna
choose her weapon you have I don't know
ten shots what do you think ten shots
let's go ten tracks
this one I'm gonna be standing over
there at the wall and I'm gonna put this
on my head for the let's do this yeah
all right up next we got the squishy
squishy apple on my head
look at this slow rising mr. monkey what
do you think oh yeah look at that it's
not eyes slaw rising Azeri but it's nice
I don't know what I'm wrong
this is it final round both you guys
going to shoot at the same time I'm
going to put a cup on my head you better
go crazy if you want okay
I don't know why I'm doing this well
it's for you guys they become welts I
got a welt on my forehead this is gonna
go away hopefully in a couple of days
some welts oh man all right all right I
think I know who the real winner is miss
monkey Miss B aka the crazy sniper I
think in the last second thanks for
watching everybody if you like this
video please give it a thumbs up if you
want to see any other weird challenges
let us know down in the comments below
we got music
we got challenges we got more vlogging
we got more travels we got some crazy
stuff happening so make sure you guys
subscribe hit that buzzer hit that
button hit that and notify me hit those
that three-step process hit whatever you
need to hit to get notified because we
promise we're gonna make you laugh we're
gonna detain you in my notes channel
that's about as old as the fidgets
spinners die joke ain't no bad joke like
a bad joke
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on
and a little things will pop up and you
get to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice
right
