hey Siri so in the weather today hey do
you want to go play outside
is anybody gonna help me clean the
kitchen
taking your math I'll think of the mass
back you will never think of me the
ladies are back and their hair is on
fleek II geeky fresh Wow ladies and you
got bangs I like that oh she's speaking
French now Oh what ladies and gentlemen
mr. monkey has created a wonderful
rollercoaster
success success we're calling it a water
roll purpose no we've never taken a car
into the water never never no this is
our first time going in the water
remember I said this was my first time
here
oh boy okay I'm using the shower next no
I'm next
no what are you doing do you want some
more uh no I'm good
she's gonna go take a take a bath in the
fountain in the lobby I'm good yeah
Merry Christmas
we are thinking we are thinking what are
you thinking about all right we got
dinner mama because it's a lazy dinner I
don't I don't know this is not a lazy
dinner dinner
yeah the monkeys
is that the extent of your French mama
beat how's the French
hey Siri what's the weather like outside
hey Siri that was the weather today
sucks
look how cool I look how about this am I
even cooler now nada coot the really
cool people say they're cool oh yeah do
you flip your glasses like me cool
mmm-hmm what do you think about your
brothers here is it is it fleeky look at
that fade is it like wine oh boy it's
good thing we have kids I'm sorry
hey something stuck I am NOT perfect
your beats are
my boy is making crab and caviar with
creme fraiche oh my goodness n you made
lobster mac and cheese one of my
favorites look at that guy's oh my
goodness monkey did a good job good she
said make a food for momma poppa yes
molto Buono
and
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little scene will pop up and you
can subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice
