right she way to it that works for me
yeah welcome back to another episode of
gummy versus real kind of food if you
eat it it's food this is just real fake
maybe it's all an illusion it might be
in their life animal no live animals
mammals today we do have furry that's
for sure is it a spider no it's not a
spider first thing no one a furry spider
yes this is not so here are the rules
they're gonna do rock-paper-scissors and
the winner gets to choose the plate
plain and simple
ready guys three two one I got my vibe
power going I got the gummy hotdog you
can see the nice mustard the hotdog and
the bread so what a real hot dog I was
hungry
nothing my parents don't feed me hey
wait feed you as you see it looks
exactly the same
he did a good job of making them the
same because these don't have ketchup
they have mustard mm-hmm this one is
orange the bread the hotdog is cherry I
think the mustard is lemon okay try this
so they all have different flavors which
is amazing mm-hmm
cherry cherry cherry cherry who won that
round I think I did cuz mine looked a
little bit better if no friend really
huh
who's ready for round off
me well why did you do that you guys no
no I'm very nervous
Rock Paper Scissors shoot
yes and this is what I look it smells
like it's eat it smells like green apple
and pickle look at that close-up ooh
very easy to bite into mm do you
remember in that candy cam video it is
like onion pickle with like a little bit
really take a big bite oh I know it
smells like a pickle
you guys oh that's so gross mama B you
got to smell this and then you know if
you like pickles did they have
scratchansniff pickles yeah mmm you want
me to get a big horse by a horse but and
then you gotta eat all this do it from
like from the top like there so I can
get all of it oh it's so garbage so miss
month you won that round
probably because well mostly because big
Moe partly because nobody would want to
try a third protein because nobody would
want to try all right here we go around
new little baby Scissors shoot Rock
Paper Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoot Rock Paper
Scissors shoot
Rock Paper Scissors shoot
that one paid nothing - battery - we did
this already
no we didn't do this tell us in the
comments although hi guys we didn't do
this before didn't know no we didn't use
the cheeseburger last time yes we did
there's also different flavors okay
we've done this before but anyways hey
why not bring back the gummy hamburger
boy alright who won this round cuz
that's a juicy looking cheeseburger and
that is a juicy looking gummy
cheeseburger that fir tree looks good
thanks gummy burger looks good to get
that close up let's see here alpha that
you know no I'll hold it I promise I'm
not gonna eat it no because I tried I
don't trust you no you can't trust your
father no glorious looking father wait a
sec does this taste like lettuce see it
all tastes exactly the same okay who run
this round hmm because this was a good
hamburger and that was delicious as I
got me I think you wouldn't this cuz
that was a delicious hamburger
I even went to the gummy ketchup nice
tomatoes lettuce we got cheese no wait
the ketchups down here - what the heck
they put two ketchups
what's it daddy Joker it's the new way
to do hamburgers baby you got a catch-up
mm-hmm what's up with the times
Oh
is this in the freeway who's ready for
the furriest dummy food challenge ever
did that got me going to be free too
I want a cake made out of gummies for my
birthday I want a hamburger cake so it's
like a cake cake but shaped into like a
hamburger like a giant hamburger wait is
this the end of the video after this
rather even crazier than this Oh No okay
here's round yeah you know I forgot what
it is what round knew it oh is this more
relative cat okay
why I don't want it to get my hair
because it jumps out at me
you know story time when I was really
small I always wanted one of these
mustaches from bat 19 and now it's just
here in my kitchen as well as wanted to
be man ever since I was a little girl I
was always lucky to be red because I was
always in love with their facial
features like they the moustache and a
beard in the sideburns I just really
fell in love with all these features and
then one day a when I will say you know
sitting in the kitchen Mustard's does it
taste hairy
it tastes like Cola yeah it does I love
eating with mustaches and I just find
that so satisfying I must ask you when
did that happen
no that was actually good thank you
I just kind of didn't I kind of zoned
out I got at reading it started yeah new
trend guys 2018 new trend get your
mustache on oh yeah we didn't throw this
one out this is no rental this is a
cherry cola yeah I bought this - you
know what all the mustache that was a
good guy
I'm just trying to hug you son we have
mustaches together I have come here for
you one life I saw you with Veronika's
the other day I am done with that lady
I'm here for your mission
Oh one you were just here medically make
it so what's the company don't pay it
and that's wrap like a hopper mornings
are for coffee and contemplation
whenever it puts on a mustache I become
a majestic regenerate round number 5
sorry I just all right you guys good to
see the rush what did they say I am a
logistic lion from the jungle exam is on
three two one this is before
these are gummy shot No
whoa okay let's sit let's place that
that is a gummy shot glass or gummy
glass I've seen in different about 90 in
China yes and that is Mama's cup the
Wonder Woman cup yeah but what would she
drink out of that she drinks tea tea how
about you get your
get me out you guys gonna drink out of
it before you bite into it yeah can I
drink out of it sure alright drink don't
eat your cup is there another one
because I cut a bit this one like this
is actually cool right how's that it is
good it is regular Oh tea time clink my
friend pink pink this is delicious
fast quenches okay who won that round
hmm I did well considering that we both
okay guys this is the final round I'm
terrified don't be scared
do I ever see you guys here well this
day to this day shoot Oh octopus but so
what I've got it's a it's an octopus oh
but this monkey show wants to see you
first
I really want to be like slice off the
puss like not a full one maybe its head
is cut off what Oh
so let me touch it there are little
little sucker things I Billy was always
terrified of these suckers does it stick
to us if we touch it well no I don't
have to take tendinous mistake but I got
this at the grocery store and people eat
calamari people you are and I'm gonna
ask my father-in-law to make us a nice
meal with this no you're not even try it
no I'll try it yeah we'll probably try
it
that is an octopus Wow the guts are not
falling out those are the tenders right
down it's upside down so who won that
round
well definitely miss monkey
I think he's supposed to be blueberry
but I don't like it yeah it tastes like
a wall
tastes like does it a wall please we
don't eat wall hey what do you know
Thanks who officially won the gummy
versus real challenge on this video on
this episode because I got the shot
glass remember and that was the big I
can't remember I can't remember how many
rounds there were so let us know in the
comments down below who won I'm gonna
ask a widow to cook this deep-fry it or
maybe some calamari
maybe something so we are not gonna
waste this at all
yes thanks for watching everybody if you
like this video please give it a thumbs
up and if there's anything else you want
to see let us know in the comments down
below we love you thank you for watching
everybody please like subscribe leave a
comment down below and tell us who do
you think what is this a challenge
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
our little thing will pop up and you get
to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said it's my radio voice
