oh hey guys don't forget to floss okay
we don't need to floss we just brushed
our teeth yeah what do you know how
important flossing is you know what I
worded this track just for this oh
please don't tell me you wrote up yeah
this goes out to all you mother fathers
have failed to teach your kids about
proper dental hygiene I'm not a rapper
but I'll rap today because I got
something to say you see that right you
got to floss each and every day to take
the food away or else your teeth will
get snaks some will even say is dang huh
your parents can be lazy your kids
walking around with dirty teeth are you
crazy you gotta stop this madness
because nobody wants to pay extra cash
at the dead
gingivitis there's nothing like this
kids teeth again sad because the parents
whack ah dirty see there's no way I got
something to say
stinky muffin so gross why am i wrapping
this way if you floss every day your
teeth won't be a gem but if you don't do
that I'm gonna have to dab on them
brawls like a boss flowers like a boss
flows like a boss you go
No
of course laws like
boss
flaws
yeah boy it's your mama chapter 2 no
excuses Lawson there's something you all
need to do
don't complain that the flutters your
fingers use these lock picks so your bad
breath don't linger you better floss
every day or else your friends won't
want to play cuz they can smell your
stinky face from a mile away your kids
asks for money
applause well that's dumb how about you
do live life with the mouth of bleeding
gums but I don't have to floss what stop
lying
but if you don't floss your teeth your
dental bill will head you try it to all
the parents that don't think that plus
things relevant don't make me come to
your house and teach you all how to
parent like a bonus smells like a boss I
said flaws like a boss
passing burner flow
smells like a bossy girl
flowers like
boss flowers like a
/ let go boss I say
Oh flowers
say flowers like
okay stop stop look mom dad we promise
to floss for the rest of our lives if
you promise to never sing that song ever
again thanks for watching everybody and
thank you so much to dent tech for
sponsoring this video we want you to be
a part of a dent ik thirty-day family
floss challenge make sure to check out a
dent tech challenge calm for official
rules and more info or check out the
description down below and enter for a
chance to win great prizes and we want
use applause for 30 days to feel the
difference on your teeth trust me
have you seen this guy before he started
flossing did I miss anything guys um I
think you're done for the day guys no
more distractions
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand a little theme will pop up and you
get to subscribe if you already have
subscribed please forget everything that
I have just said
it's my radio voice but
