you know how much you guys love it where
we read mean comments so without further
ado all right who wants to start reading
stop all right you can go first
I am so sorry for the thumbs down very
sorry but they're polite the reporting
I'm so sorry
thank you I'm really sorry yeah you're
sorry don't give us a thumbs down it's
not rocket science
why don't you do things that feel good
in your heart obviously if you're really
torn about the fact that you're getting
us a thumbs down so maybe you don't
really want to give us a thumbs down
yeah maybe you want to get your true
heart you want to give us a thumbs up if
you accidentally give us a thumbs down
and you don't feel good about it give it
a thumbs up and if you're watching this
right now you want to give it a thumbs
up then go ahead and give it a thumbs up
right now we like thumbs ups really she
didn't even film our video oh so maybe
it wasn't even I hate comments maybe
this person saw a thumbs down they're
like I'm so sorry for the thumbs down
okay scratch that that wasn't a comment
is that this is not a moment so I dis
liked this vid this burger
designed this vine their singing is o4o
sword sword sword sword sword sword
sword sword so no really look at all
what the heck is an opal all right I
don't get basa right why you saw God
doing your hair
so all right honestly I think you're
just hangry I think you need a nice big
bowl of pasta or nice like Nutella
sandwich or something yeah come over
I'll feed you you'll see after that yeah
you're not gonna feel so awful nice and
once you're all full that looks are lit
to me I don't know how these your tubers
be getting money for being lazy like
teach your kid how to be successful like
the beatboxer like I think it's for real
fr maybe fr is for real for real get a
light beatbox alert man shutteth the
Korean effects are enough he is very
successful that's coming back in the new
year
Thank You Willie we're sorry I'm sorry
lazy for real for real we're not gonna
be lazy for real it's a work hard for
our money here's another comment from
the same person
Diane Macedo now home away yes no
offense she need to pluck her eyebrows
oh yeah you're miss monkey need to pluck
Diane
okay oh here's another one from Diane
yeah that cupcakes so eight thirty bucks
that'll I I have it and it was two
dollars Prime Amazon Dan I have two
words to say to you yo chill
can you stop wearing that kind of
hairstyle it's not even funny and you're
not funny and it's not even a hairstyle
I think I know which one oh is it that
what is it that is that the style this
is called afro knee brownie tail
frou-frou meat a around ponytail I'm
gonna wear my hair like this for the
rest of the video for you
and this is a hairstyle by the way but
does it show your uniqueness of course
it does cuz I love to be crazy and I
love to be unique and I love to be
myself well there you go
horrid family so weird like if think
what horrid family so weird like if you
think like those shortcuts yeah this how
we speak should all time yeah like if
think you know much energy conserved
smart answer me like subscribe like it
thinks I was gonna do down below and I
was gonna do my and they came on like it
was like you suck at singing stop before
you make my ears fall off
oh btw get a life and not a YouTube life
you're already embarrassed about that
Oh
they have the right punctuation on the
yo-yo with you apostrophe re award well
it's great the spell is on point
you guys suck I'm unsubscribing no it's
unsubscribed being Oh
unsubscribe bean Oh like that I'm soon
unsubscribing to being a bean maybe it's
that she unsubscribes to so many things
that she's known unsubscribe because you
know this and there's an unsubscribe
being wow this person hates us so much
that they have literally transformed
into another being yep unsubscribe being
sites know if you guys are stupid and
you suck oh oh
but then cute cute kitty says no Marsh
you suck - OH
roasted hey thanks be family ramen are
back yes you guys are off the got me
baby just stop now please you look dumb
man dumb spell D um okay so if you're
gonna I think this is a teaching moment
I think we need the teacher teacher this
calls for a kiss from mrs. BAE yes
welcome to my classroom young padawan
they called me dumb as it be your f so
that is very annoying to me because you
know me about my grammar
no B there is supposed to be a B right
here but not today if this person were
to call us a tongue
I think you would just say th you and so
that is another thing to think about if
this person were to cause a crime she or
he would probably do C are um and not B
then B is sad okay sometimes these
comments make me numb you listen to all
these words dumb son cry numb they all
have the UM what rhymes with all them
your mom we do get a very small
percentage of mean comments but the
majority is love all love from our
family so we're gonna go ahead and we're
gonna read some positive comments now
can you guys ready yeah hey I just
discovered your channel today instantly
subscribe your videos are so funny and
everyone has a bright and bubbly
personality
today has been dreadful for me but
watching your videos helped a lot and
lifted my spirits keep up the good vibes
thank you so much thank you
I love you thank you my titania I am
watching from England you guys are
amazing you guys always make me smile I
am going through a rough patch right now
but when I watch your videos I know
there is hope i watch your videos every
day you are a funny kind positive family
that I look up to you keep smiling and
carry on doing what you are doing right
now thank you thank you we are so much
positive vibes and positivity and health
and prosperity and all the good stuff
and we hope that you get through the
rough times we're with you every step of
the way and we are with you we are with
you we love you we love you guys always
make my day and make me feel happy when
I'm sad and when I'm having a bad day I
just watch your channel and it makes me
feel happy when you make me smile and
laugh
I hear funny moments awesome thank you
thank you
glad to make you happy I live in two
separate houses and it's hard when you
don't have a mom beside you I only go
with my mom every year and I have you
guys to inspire me and my brother
I hate all rude comments and rude things
people say about you and you guys are
strong awesome people who have lovely
hearts I love your videos do you know
what I love about you in spite of your
hardships in spite of the things that
you have experienced and seem that
probably you shouldn't have for your age
you're still very very positive in your
message you know you say that you hate
all the Ruth things that people say so
you don't want negativity you want
positivity you compliment us on having
good hearts on being strong awesome
people you see in us what you see in
yourself so you are obviously a very
strong awesome person who just keeps
going putting out positivity in spite of
the things that you've experienced so my
heart goes to you congratulations on
working hard working hard to be this
person you're obviously working really
really hard in your life and so we love
you just as much as you love us and
thank you thank you so much thank you so
much yeah beautiful I really think it's
important for us to do these videos
because I don't think it's good to let
these negative comments get to us and we
just need to laugh at ourselves too and
think of ourselves as not being
embarrassed about herself
on YouTube but to be proud and to laugh
it's a big step to put our family out to
YouTube and it's actually made us very
happy as a family and I think our
bonding strength has gone up because we
are just so happy with each other and we
laugh we have fun together as a family
we laugh together we love sharing our
moments with you guys it's such a good
feeling to be able to put out positive
vibes and to know that you guys enjoy
what we do so we thank you for coming
along this crazy ride with us because
we're having fun and we hope that you're
having fun too watching our videos and
it's not easy putting our family out to
millions of people in the world it's not
easy and so we have to be strong as a
family in order to be able to do that to
entertain you to bring laughter into
your day if we can inspire even one
person with what we do that's amazing
if we can bring laughter to even one
family who needs to laugh and so that is
our reward is knowing that we are
putting the positivity back out into the
world thank you for the love that you
give us thank you so so much we read as
many of your comments as we can and if
you like this video please give it a
thumbs up and if you have any questions
or want to leave any comments leave them
down below we love reading them and
we'll see you again soon
where's your swish thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left hand a little theme
will pop up and use it to subscribe if
you already have subscribed please
forget everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice bye
