this is what women have to go through
every single morning no I don't think so
I don't think so I had been wanting to
do this video for so friggin walk this
was not my idea for the record and
second of all I think it's because I
don't let her wear a lot of makeup at
all you just have lip gloss and I think
she's taking out on me now okay why so
it's like a makeup tutorial
uh sort of I'm just gonna like go with
the flow don't really know what I'm
doing I know what I'm doing it's just
like I don't know what the style stuff
so the first thing that we're gonna do
is just cover up his flaws like his
greasy forehead he is like pimples shave
marks for the record I don't think I
need anything I'm going to use this type
of color right there just to like match
up with the skin you never want it to be
like kicked on so make sure you get a
nice amount and you never want it to
look like you put on foundation because
you want people to know that the skin is
London yeah I think that you did my
makeup one time you turned me into a
prince princess I was eight years old
kay oh my
I've seen my mom get her makeup that
bill whatever pictures are you all right
so we are done with like the foundation
we're going to just put some blush on I
see no difference yeah so I'm just put
it on the apples of his cheeks I'm Rosie
already look at these cheese you're
already rosy you're like your forehead
so we're just gonna put it on the apples
of his cheeks apples yeah if you want to
go with the I got punched in the face
look this is it right here
the next thing we're going to do is his
eyelids so we're gonna put some eye
shadow I think that we're gonna go like
a smokey looks and even this big both
you brush because your eyebrows very
weird tonight you're gonna look pretty
stop blinking what are you doing to
these flawless eyebrows you did you just
lick your finger why is my never called
way I've never seen anybody lick mama
B's eyebrows and they're doing her
makeup here you only need to give you
the surprised look why did you make my
eyebrows so fake all right
you have a unibrow I don't have a
unibrow that's the thing I did before
this video I didn't have a unibrow look
I make these things up her he looks so
much no I look like two caterpillars
died on my eyes don't do this I'm not
doing any of that what do you I
literally
because I'm not for what you're touching
my eyeball oh my please don't hit my
eyeball oh yeah ball please all the
drywall not working look up I'm gonna
have all that's gonna all go in my eye
that one it's gonna really bring out
your eyes you know I'll use a darker
shade oh you look like a Roderick Oh
amazing
oh yeah hey guys how's it going
I look like a zombie open your right all
right close it but like don't go like
that just like close it like that mmm
then we're going to get our lightest
shade
and now we are going to put his lips it
we're gonna make you look like a rock
star that is what I'm going for today
rock star what are you doing mm all
right
and then now huh rock and roll
Oh like somebody's nightmare I'm ready
it Chuck and I'm gonna eat jump all
right now I'm gonna do some b-roll oh
definitely the punched in the face look
we're gonna put some cat eyes now the
other eye
rock and roll pop up rockin frickin roll
I just wanna be a rock girl in the
treetops look and that's a source we
need for a touchdown
coming from our thinkin Oh anybody else
BAM all right I'm into some contouring
you know what you're gonna contour me I
don't even
how what is what women have to go
through every single morning no I don't
think so I don't I don't think so I'm
doing so many good stuff to your face
boom this you know what I'm gonna shave
his eyebrows I'm gonna make them very
very thick you know what let's do that
kiss I'm doing I don't have like a brush
to yeah I'm so easiness I don't think
they'd do it like that I don't I don't
have a fan brush so oh what's this here
no we we agreed to just make up so there
are his beautiful piggies dancing in the
moonlight no thanks he is a great
opponent opponent this is not a
competition shirt out to my dad he's a
great companion um yeah he's just a
great guy to work with you know and um
and no one else is around actually allow
you to put some makeup on someone was
going and I have to be I forgot
something
yeah you do look like a pretty pretty
princess like a rockstar princess here
oh listen you can't I just buy you like
a giant doll to do this this looks a
little bit bad but it not my fault I
would like to thank my father for
helping me win this award of best makeup
artist well there there it is nice
eyebrows
I got a makeup makeover I'm now a
unicorn
thanks to my daughter there was nobody
else you could do this to there it is
we were faced this kind of part to put
makeup on though why look you have a
very crispy face a crispy face and look
at these cheekbones
these are some serious cheekbones this
eye bone structure you know I wish look
at these nails nail bed is please you
know the flossing thanks for watching
everybody if you like this video please
give it a thumbs up and if I am your new
nightmare please give you a thumbs up
comment down below if you want to see
anything else you go to thumbs up and
just to let you know this was not my
idea mine and now we're gonna plug his
eyebrows hey why don't you give us a
little smile come on you can do better
beautiful like thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribing ly to
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little theme will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice
