how's it going everybody today good
thanks for asking
today we're gonna do a try not to laugh
challenge we're gonna put a little twist
to it the monkeys are gonna challenge
each other we're gonna see who laughs at
my ridiculous classic dad jokes shout
out to all deaf digital I love their
channel I got this idea from them I'm
gonna link them down below this is the
the dad twist with the monkeys are you
guys ready yes do you think you're gonna
laugh at any of these dad jokes probably
no cuz your jokes are so freakin lame
you're like alright here we go are you
guys ready to laugh yeah
alright why don't you drink a little bit
of water and hold it in your mouth and I
will start writing off some dad jokes
and we'll see if anybody laughs you just
got to hold all the water in your mouth
okay very serious now dad joke one how
many apples grow on an apple tree all of
them do you know why I don't buy any
velcro hmm because it's such a ripoff
okay did you hear about the light bulb
party yeah it was pretty little lady
just a thought of like I can see puffle
like at the kitchen table like lit lit
with something relatable Lin okay okay I
got this partying with a bunch of light
bulbs do you know why I don't like
buying paper hmm because it's terrible
for the environment I had a dream last
night that I was a muffler I woke up
pretty exhausted
what's a muffler its it mufflers part of
a car like its fur the exhaust
do you know Beethoven's favorite fruit
it's so fun did you hear about that huge
campfire
it was friggin intense I'm laughing on
my own dad jokes what do you call a cow
with no legs ground beef so much
I made fake noodles last night
I call them impostor ok ok ok
why aren't koalas actual bears because
they don't meet koala fication z--
survival ok I tried to write a story
with a broken pencil but it was
pointless
good you guys what do you call a man
with no body and no nose nobody knows
classic bad joke ready for the last one
okay what do you call a bear with no
ears there we go guys I didn't even keep
track so let us know in the comments who
won this challenge and if you have any
more dad jokes wanted to let us know
down in the comments down below or you
can tweet it at a bee family we'd love
to hear your dad jokes maybe we'll use
them in another video if you guys liked
this video please give it a thumbs up
and thank you for watching the loser
cleans up no way see ya no wait no way
oh oh you're all wet oh he's all wet oh
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice
