ladies and gentlemen this mess right
here will eventually become a candy
dispenser I hope okay today we are doing
something crazy we are gonna make a
candy dispenser shout out to funnel
vision and a whole bunch of other
accounts on YouTube that have made candy
dispensers we're gonna try to do it I
know that they did it with cardboard but
we're gonna use foam board which is I
think a little bit more sturdier I spend
a little bit of time cutting out each of
these pieces and now we're gonna glue
gun it put it together we're gonna add
like M&Ms skittles skittles we gotta
have skittles starbursts and starbursts
okay are they gonna stick to each other
though the starbursts minis yeah we're
gonna test it out I don't even know if
this is gonna stick to each other with a
glue gun putting this together but we're
gonna go ahead and do this are you ready
I'm ready
all right so why don't you go set up
shop at your shoes on we're gonna go to
the the workshop aka garage Harry Potter
shadow to Harry Potter all right let's
go let's do this monkeys the champ
monkey knows what he's doing here huh
okay so these holes this is where the
Candy's supposed to go through yeah okay
now it kind of looks like a building
mm-hmm here is what we have so far the
glue actually does work work so you guys
want to have a look this is pretty much
what I did I put like a back piece that
has like these little slots in the back
and then this other piece here and then
we glued these two pieces together okay
so now the next step is the next step is
I have to remember now we have these
slots and these slots are gonna push in
and that's where the Candy's gonna come
down through these holes so what we need
to do is we need to put this one on top
of that
now we have this so far
we are getting there okay monkey you got
the ramps in yep you're all set okay so
now we have to hot glue the springs onto
the little levers and then put buttons
on it so we're almost there and hope
that this works
all right here what is that it's a candy
dispenser no that's amazing what are you
wearing these are the our onesies it's
it's for effects it's like a special
thing this is this cool okay give me
give me give me candy okay what do you
think it's freaking lips this is it my
name is Jack Oh mr. monkey and I we put
this thing together how long did it take
us like a day maybe took is the date no
I mean in total how many hours look is
about an hour three hours you were like
this looks a little bit breaking study
no loitering I appreciate it okay check
it out so this is where you put your
candy like that let's go some layers
here we're gonna do some yay we're gonna
do some M&M oh very nice
and then you're gonna have a candy ruff
how many servers
nice what you do is you press the button
and the candy dispenses so we're gonna
probably put this downstairs maybe in
the feeder we want some candy we'll get
some candy
not in your bedrooms not in the office
yeah
maybe me but I'm not her what in the
office I have to moderate your candy
intake kids Oh what look at all this and
first of all that's a lot of candy right
there so basically you're gonna have
this candy that's it for the week
I made a candy dispenser for you guys
that can do only once a week mr. monkey
which one is your favorite candy
skittles hold the boy miss monkey which
one's your favorite
Risa species Reese's pcs or Reese's
Pieces I would go with starburst or
skittles those are my favorites yeah
yeah but you know what though I like
them all see sometimes I feel like
having some Reese's Pieces yeah well you
know butter and jelly is that Reese's
Pieces of food so many good peanut
butter and jelly so you do skills and
Reese's Pieces well there you go how is
it tasty no it tastes like a peanut
butter and jelly sandwich I'm gonna try
that okay
Reese's Pieces read skill it's peanut
butter and jelly mmm
why'd you light so bright I'm sorry guys
weird food combination I don't freaking
of which momma beating on here she's
traveling doing amazing things so we're
gonna keep an eye on the house and we're
gonna film weird food combinations I
think what are you gonna think one day
yeah like the whole Cheetos and milk
thing yeah
alright guys thanks for watching
everybody
let us know in the comments which one is
your favorite candy if you like this
video please give it a thumbs up if you
haven't subscribed yet get that
subscribe button a little we love you
guys and we'll see you against me
cleaning the rainbow thanks for watching
everybody please like subscribing ly to
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little theme will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice
