I knew it welcome back to another
episode up me by myself just kidding
it's me with my dad is this gonna be a
thing now that you believe I don't know
I just like making this it's cool the
mystery drink challenge I see here that
the monkeys went to the grocery store
with Mama B and they picked up all kinds
of mystery drinks from other countries I
don't know if they're all from the same
country or not if you guys recognize the
language on these labels let us know in
the comments and I'm gonna be drinking
them that we're gonna see what they
taste like
if you don't don't know what they are I
have no idea miss monkey you choose the
drink okay where's she going
let's go what's the first one so the
first one is this one should I chug it
um yes you should and we should call
this video dad chugs random things don't
try this at home guys we are trained
professionals what oh I have no idea
what is this guys did you show the
camera with it it has a babushka on it
Oh sky little babushka
it's like intense what is a babushka it
tastes business like smell like soy
sauce why do you keep drinking it blue
why I don't know what this is it tastes
like it's like a fruity weird bitter
ingredients rye flour rye and barley
vault to prepare more leaders of kvass
what's a combat malt what's in there
barley malt barley malt so based on the
con
of the bag in a warm or you're supposed
to dissolve the contents you is it
concentrated yeah my lips my lips
burning any way to controi it tell me in
the comments I don't know if it's comes
I don't want to be okay let's go to
three there's a babushka on that let us
know if you guys know what that is
what's up what's up with a little bread
that has a happy face on it okay
I have no idea what it is but looks
delicious oh why did I why did I even
know what I get myself into this oh that
sounds delightful
oh my gosh it's melting what is it
what's on the label strong I can't smell
I didn't even open yet it smells like
Windex what I like it smells like
vinegar
it burns my nose I knew it doesn't it
feel like vinegar
oh that and babe coughing oh my gosh
your top lip go to the mirror right now
it went like it went like purple like
there is just like this little
semicircle that went purple this is what
you drink
oh let's read the label alright what is
that I don't know it doesn't say
anything in English they like burn my
face 70% something it's it's like it's
like some crazy vinegar yeah okay so
this was a bad idea let's make sure that
the rest of the drinks are pretty safe
okay you went for like they'll work
right off the bat oh all right the next
thing we're going to do is feel sick
that sounds promising
I mean the comments down below what this
means
oh yeah definitely don't try this this
at home I shouldn't even be trying this
at home but these are all foods and
drinks oh yeah it was a Cola
that's tasty mm-hmm okay got it tastes
like Coke but a little bit of something
in there like um there's a there's like
an Italian drink called breel oh and it
kind of tastes like Rio a little bit
right Brio tastes like cardboard but
like a wall no brie is awesome don't ask
me how I know how Wall tastes like okay
all right this one here I'm gonna give
it a thumbs up because the last two
things were disgusting every time I burp
everything explodes inside right ready
for you when you like oh okay so all
right ah Greece it was like soy sauce
isn't it ah
smelly does smell like soy sauce why
would they put soya sauce this is a big
bottle what is it taste like does it
taste good it feels like prunes ha what
that bad from tomorrow if Coke decided
to make a prune version really I'm gonna
try this I don't I don't think you could
you should take a little sip none of
these have alcohol in it and they are
all drinkable especially these big
bottles I think they're there so did yo
it isn't a fruit right what's in the
ingredients what is it safe are the
ingredients in English English
nothing is in English okay well that was
in a sorta aisle apparently so it's a
soda from another country that's
delicious oh this one looks pretty cool
actually gonna drink this one oh this
doesn't smell too bad at all really wait
a second
ha ha would you put your when you put
your nose it gets it
really do you what that tastes like what
he's like a weird version of that last
one that I just drank if you made like a
prune pop but like a prune soda uh weird
it's weird it smells weird a taste way
everything here smells like soy sauce oh
okay what do we got what do we got what
do we got vinegar that I had was like a
punch in the face literally up this is a
punch or in the mouth like oh no you
know what it looks like jams
based on my experience from the first to
die took I don't know if I want to go
ahead and take a big swig out of
whatever you're gonna give me right now
not bad
yeah it's con smells like cherries you
know I don't want to drink that
oh oh I don't know what this is kind of
tastes like intense strawberry or
intense cherry or intense something it's
like a super intense fruit very sour no
idea what this is do you know what it is
never like a picture of anything on it
no oh yes there is also willpower how do
you know what that says I have no idea
what that says it just says multi-level
Powell definitely not a drink that's
like a jam what do we got on this one
what see that Where's Waldo there's a
wall door that looks like it oh it's
like white frizzy hmm I don't know what
it is I can't see that it's gonna be
something that's good
I would be the irresponsible father if I
made you drink this how is it doesn't it
taste like a freezie
there's a child on it so there's a child
on me
yeah it's a little where's waldo oh yeah
he's like a little Where's Waldo he's
playing like the nose flute
what's more nice soda have no idea what
country it's from that's so good oh man
there's a lot of ingredients
Oh product of Russia yes duh pretty
privyet does feed Anya yeah hurt you
that's all I know what does that mean
I don't know is the last one don't win
did I drink that one yeah no idea what
this says all right you're gonna you
gonna sing this out
and it smells kind of weird and this
drink is green I hope it's really nice
and I don't die drinking it that smells
like licorice
it tastes like black licorice but it's
gray it's a green bottle hmm you know
what the more you drink it the more I
like it
yeah this is not bad okay there these
guys tried all the mystery drinks which
one was your favorite of course this one
this is so good
yeah this is the creamsicle Russian soda
tasting it's like a creamsicle or it
tastes like a freezie and there's a
little child playing the nose flute and
this one's my favorite thanks for
watching everybody if you guys like this
video please give it a thumbs up and if
you want to see me try any other weird
things or any other videos that you
wants to do let us know in the comments
down below play us out miss monkey my
dad is a really nice guy
and you drink called a string tonight
when the best part is that he didn't die
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left and
a little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said is my radio voice bye
