where are we going today wings for you
said oh it goes New York City yeah we're
just going for the weekend because we're
gonna have some fun and I'm gonna be in
a little race called the New York City
Marathon I'm definitely not racing
that's not happening for five I'm just
gonna survive I got all my gear I got
all my gel packs too got all my water
New York ah the wonderful views of New
York will you be watching me at the
Marathon this Sunday yeah what time well
the bus picks us up at 5:30 and I run at
the bus picks us up at 5:30 and then the
race starts at 11:00 so will you be
there we'll see we'll see about that
maybe we'll see remember that time when
I asked for electric scooter for
Christmas and you said we'll see mm-hmm
and it never happened
yeah we'll see
okay guys official that's it
good selfie quick selfie our let's do
this yes
my late I'm feeling good I'm facing
myself still
all right more than halfway now it means
and some kids gave me some candy it's
really nice
perfect timing just give me a pizza to
go and we are now entering Central Park
and I can't feel my knees
almost done
my family's waiting at the finish line
thank you guys for supporting me I love
you guys thank you
oh my goodness guys all right well
you're not gonna have dinner so tired my
legs okay we get it you ran a marathon
I'm just gonna reach over and get you a
glass of water if your medals in the way
he stops you're getting sleepy you're
going to vacuum the floor wash the
dishes seriously can you put away -
honey the peanut butter this the table
please help your father his hands are
full you know you should show a little
bit more respect for your father you
know why because I ran a marathon thanks
for watching everybody please like
subscribing ly to comment down below if
you haven't subscribed yet please click
on the icon on the left hand a little
theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said is my radio voice
