do you want to make a slime video not
interested nope okay look how many views
it gets today we're making hey everybody
today we're making substance just
kidding we're making slime dog I have
been a slime lover for all my life I'm
sorry but here we go okay you okay you
need a moment
it's just a big part of my life it helps
me get their tests and through homework
and they're studying and who my parents
yell at me because I didn't make my bed
what is this that's your shirt the first
thing that you're gonna need to make
what kind of slime is this gonna be I
want to add some how many different
kinds are there
fluffy fishbowl glitter loam regular
cloud clay there's lots of slimes so
today we're gonna be making and the
slime community takes it very seriously
yeah like I don't understand what the
whole thing is with slime
first we're gonna make like a fluffy
slime or like a really really soft slime
and I'm gonna add some Sloan because
y'all know I love this flow means
something to mix something here you go
man
thank you is it okay that I separated
them no your fire mama just kidding two
hours later are you guys gonna make fly
where you just go dance around okay
you're gonna need something to mix in
something to mix with the safe recipe is
contact solution shaving cream gluten
really heavy if you want to add like
some color to it some food coloring I
would do that if I were you know spice
things up a bit the first thing you're
gonna need to do is get your glue
how much glue as much glue as you put it
in your container is how much slime you
want so this much okay you can just wait
for your opponent
I hope I'm not your opponent to make
Lord on the singing team which has
become a challenge the second thing
you're gonna need is your contacts
Lucas yes
you're gonna put it away you know
putting like that much there's no
measurement you like then you're gonna
mix it together for a long a long time a
long time yeah so just fast-forward this
dad you guys wants mine making music
no what about this one
or what about this one this one Jim
cream is the key ingredients because
it's what brings us line together it's
what makes the magic happen
now you're gonna add about you open that
can of shaving cream very easily how do
you know what to do with a can of
shaving cream you're just going to put
in that much so basically just like a so
you're just gonna put it
all right now you're gonna mix it
together and just watch this look it's
already coming together guys look at
that man
ooh mama be nice mixing skills and then
you can also add some contact solution
because it's like super sticky and it's
not ready yeah boy really in line
breaking a container here add some not
too much not too much you need a lot oh
it's not gonna turn too sly man I think
my slime is really good mix it yeah more
contact lens solution so now your slime
is getting together when you notice that
you can easily pull it off of this line
mm-hmm
those moms out there now you know how to
make slime so whenever you're kids you
like oh yeah like go to your local
department store yep where you can buy
glue contact lens solution step whip and
shaving cream but what are those formal
bolts the plone is this what the young
people call satisfying it's so
satisfying to watch bang I love slime
videos that's what I basically wear my
watch history is please don't go my
watch history do you know what this
reminds me of Sunday nothing like me mom
even if CSA would not be de la serena
when you see the slime like it takes
lots of time and effort okay $85 worth
between $400 worth Oh solution $800
worth of glue so mine is definitely
coming together if your slide is super
super hard and not stretchy I'd contact
license Capcom okay say it now in
English
add some contact lens solution Oh
oh that is some good-looking slime
that's how you guys do the test get the
Pope let's see I'm not in on it all this
looks so good doing the Pope can fold
Wow mama slime what that looks amazing
what ready for the Pope yeah looks good
does it pop don't stop I'm not helping
you
I've learned my lesson it looks so weird
Pope can flip open flame can flip poking
foot ducking anymore I just think it is
did you know that I had no idea did you
know it's about the poke in the flip
let's present me something pink select
either color my favorite color is yellow
oh that looks cool look at that doesn't
look like the ocean oh it's so calming
Wow oh so it's a Korean Garcia she
inspires me every day to make more slime
and to poke and to take it to school and
show my friends Judas inspires me and
all my classmates and all my friends
Carina oh look at my sign it actually
looks like the ocean what what it looks
nice I actually made ocean spine isn't
it beautiful
mom B is this your first ever slime yes
you just got to make sure that you fall
and poke
all the color gets even ha
oh sure about that mm of that flow moans
what is that hmm wow that looks really
cool what'd you get white satisfying
people who love it and this line also
crackles so when you make a bubble
mm-hmm can you go like that
crack it what are your thoughts mama be
honest flying does your stick to your
fingers no look you don't be beautiful
and then when you're making your bubbles
you got to be quick you can't go oh yeah
you gotta go
all right mama be slimy thumbs up or
thumbs down yeah sweet I finally she
gets it
thanks for watching everybody please use
this recipe because it's a lot of fun
and it's super satisfying it's nice for
mother-daughter time yeah you can make
slime together nice I made my own slime
check this out what you guys think
stretch it what do you think what is
that ill you don't like it it's not like
candy no what is it
it's gum and we look like now oh thanks
for watching everybody please like
subscribe and leave a comment down below
if you haven't subscribed yet please
click on the icon on the left and a
little thing will pop up and you get to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice
