no no 11 no you're supposed to do that
I think Halloween is probably one of our
most favorite times of the year because
we get to dress up and we get to eat
lots of candy and we get to scare people
and we get to scare ourselves and we get
to hold creepy babies and not feel weird
about it so today we're gonna be
dressing up as different characters I
think every year we've done something
where we were dressed up as something
coordinated and something associated so
the first year we were like Incredibles
and then we were The Descendants one
year we were the Addams Family and last
year we were superheroes oh yes you was
Deadpool I would dance for me
that's a scary baby now the baby's not
so scary anymore
is it still yeah what's it smell like in
there balloons like you know what a
balloon smells gave me so this year we
have a twist for you guys we're not
gonna be dressed up as anything
coordinated yeah but everybody picked
each other's costume miss monkey picks
your costume this year why did you pick
this costume for him it's really easy
and I know this guy is not big about
costumes that are super super
complicated and involve makeup and all
these masks and uncomfortableness no no
not this time man not this time not this
time if you want you can go and get into
your costume okay rabbit is that a hint
all right you go ahead I can't do it
okay let's try it your hips have to
always be on the opposite side out in
and then don't go sideways
can you do that meaning you guys are so
cute I actually picked a costume for
Mama B and the hint is mama B's unique
she's a mythical creature and she's very
very rare and beautiful mama B why don't
you go into your costume and come back
out sir yes sir
I know mr. monkey picks your costume and
the family picked mine I'm a little
anxious to find out what they actually
picked for me you're gonna have to go
see what's on your bed what should we
name our new baby Walter Walter Walter
no Wilbur Wilbur
ladies and gentlemen the costume that
Miss monkey pick ladies and gentlemen
boom yeah oh yeah I like it
wow that is comfy cozy cool he doesn't
even have to put on his clothes he
basically just gets up brushes his teeth
he doesn't even have to do his hair he
slips on the classroom he goes oh that's
it that's all he needs to do oh cool so
if you have your phone you can check
your your messages and stuff is that
like the Katy Perry left sharp yeah go
monkey go monkey go monkey go go go
monkey go monkey Oh No
the shark is sick
Oh
CPR CPR on the shark according to shrink
your things yeah are you okay shark oh
my goodness
the shark ate all your squishies you
need all your squishies how many
squishes did you eat are you waiting for
the show ladies and gentlemen I present
you this Halloween we have mummy the
Unicorn
Wow
beautiful oh my goodness I knew it I
knew she's gonna look beautiful in a
unicorn outfit yeah look how beautiful
you look mama Dee what would you like to
say to the world miss unicorn we are
actually not as rare as they might think
we are we are all unicorns in our hearts
but we have to let our unicorn yeah can
I be a unicorn too nice we're all
unicorns just the same as long as you
don't look lame we're just like man
oh we have the unicorn and the shark are
you guys gonna do a little dance
unicorns man that's why I married her
she's sweet and you guys didn't know
this but whenever unicorn kills a shark
they dance they do a special defense
over their dead body okay well we have
dead shark on the ground we have a
beautiful unicorn miss monkey mr. monkey
picks your costume this year and he
picked it because he knows you're a
little crazy
and he knows and he knows that you might
possess some super abilities so why
don't you go to your room and get your
costume on just a regular day you know
regular days Shark Boy unicorn lady
psycho girl getting dressed right now
you look beautiful I think you got to
keep your hair like that this is called
the unicorn chugga ruga is that what it
is a yoga move okay okay what's okay
dude do another pose I know I know what
that next one's called go ahead this one
is called the avocado
yeah he's watching his youtubes inside
there yeah it look yeah
no miss monkey knew exactly what to get
him
this kids on his UTIs and now he gets to
go on as you okay this is your only
chance you can shoot me in the back of
the head you only get one shot
dogs and cats we have on don't bring a
trucks we have an amazing costume that I
chose over my sister it is the one and
only oh my goodness perfection with the
11 costume and the watch okay what's
your name what's that
why do you have an 11 on your wrist is
that your name
your throat is named 11 that is amazing
Wow look we have sleepy shark in the
background we have chillin unicorn on
the couch
we have creepy baby Deadpool sitting
there and we have 11 from stranger
things okay this get up here you got the
shoes you got the socks the dress you
have the watch 11 have you ever played
ping-pong what is ping-pong Carol I'll
show you come on
no no 11 no you're supposed to do that
friends 11 this is slime what is it
slime kids play with this it's really
popular on YouTube it's a website it's a
youtube kids watch things on there and
they they watch things like logan paul
and slime videos it nevermind yeah
you're supposed to poke that's slime
that's what kids play with it's super
fun it's very squishy
yeah it's sticky no it's it's really
nice though it's no don't eat it you're
set you have the blood on your nose is
this your favorite character it's your
favorite show
monkey you picked the right costume for
your sister this year Wow yeah squad
goals right there shark and 11 squad
goals unicorn shark and 11 you guys are
oh my goodness
all your costumes happy Halloween guys
you guys are all but what who picked my
costume what is my costume okay my
costume is downstairs I'm gonna go
change and you guys sit tight and the
last but certainly not least we have
gentlemen cats and dogs you look amazing
oh my you shake your chest for this did
you honestly have no other your heads
are so cool
stop playing bongos in my boobies is it
creepy this is like this is crossing the
line and if you liked this video please
give it a thumbs up and let us know in
the comments which one was your favorite
was it be super cute hugging a shark was
it the magical unicorn was it I loved it
from stranger things or was it whatever
they picked for me here before we go
there's one thing missing we should go
get it
you got everything ready thanks for
watching everybody please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below if you
haven't subscribed yet please click on
the icon on the left and a little theme
will pop up and use it to subscribe if
you already have subscribes please
forget everything that I have just said
is my radio voice bye
