ladies and gentlemen this will all make
sense in about five minutes
we are lit will lit fam yeah meet lit
fam all right we're gonna be the global
family tonight we're all set we did this
last year but this time we're kicking it
up because we have some crazy LED stuff
here thanks to global sitcom you hook
this up all this stuff here we're all
hooked up with our oh and they sent us a
box okay check this box out like
glow-in-the-dark pockets really we got
little sticks and I got a little
something for Mama B oh well you turn
all the lights off it's all gonna make
sense guys glow-in-the-dark basketball
glow-in-the-dark soccer ball what else
have you got what else we got gloves
that are gonna light up I think it's
time to have some fun with this right
go rob a bank yeah but this year we're
gonna kick it up a notch
we got emoji faces glow-in-the-dark
emoji faces well DJ masks monkey that's
for you
who wants to be the devil ms monkeys the
hearts led has come a long way since
last year because last year we had suits
now you just clip this on your existing
clothing merch merch a bee family merch
we can wear whatever we want we can just
clip on the LEDs do it up we're all set
we're ready to go and on this face what
is what is this face it's like a worried
face I feel like that would fit you man
saying all right you know what let's get
this show on the road guys
I hate to say this but we're the little
family on the Internet okay fam what do
you guys think who's the who's the list
of the bunch is it the sad face or is it
the the devil the devil mom or the the
emoji happy heart space or the DJ in the
back go DJ go DJ go DJ go DJ go DJ
thanks for watching guys if you liked
this video please give it a thumbs up
and if there's anything you guys want to
see let us know in the comments down
below and thank you so much to Glo
sitcom for hooking us up with all this
awesome stuff thank you guys thanks for
watching we love you and we'll see you
again thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left hand a little theme will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice
