you wanna make another pancake art video
sure let's milk this trend welcome to a
very special pancake art challenge
Halloween edition we're dressed up here
we got Batman spider-man everyone's
dressed up waiting for miss monkey to
show up here and get you're supposed to
dress up for Halloween Halloween yet
okay so then what he supposed to be for
this video I'm gonna be a youtuber okay
this is a special one we're gonna do a
Halloween themed pancake art challenge
so we're gonna start with something
simple I think we should do candy corn
okay candy corn yes all right then three
two one candy corn instead oh you know
what here it is
candy corn monkeys enjoy oh that was
terrible two different techniques going
on right now at the candy corn I'm
trying to make this perfect as possible
I'm going to trim it at the end so that
it can be like a perfect triangular
candy corn and rainy Tim in a minute and
I'm just gonna go with the flow yellow
yellow we got a little white on top
little orange little yellow for me said
a monkey and for the nice monkey who's
dressed up as in nobody can you tell why
three so fast
leave a comment down below you know what
if you get miss monkey you are wrong
I am with Vee
we got what do we got
little flippity flippity okay guys
candy corn reveal in three two one wow
thanks alright let us know in the
comments who made the best candy corn
the candy corn in candy corn this kenny
one dead ok guys it next up I want you
to make the scariest skeleton skeleton
clipart economic are you gonna draw
exactly that no all right we got a
skeleton monkey boy has a skeleton with
the little skeleton body
I don't want smudgy girl doesn't have a
skeleton that's looking pretty good
I'm very freestyle fill it in I know
exactly what this go to needs oh gosh oh
this is almost like a freestyle you guys
can do yeah whatever you want you're
still around this does not look like a
skeleton at all I have no one no I'm so
good - looks it has a red Fedora so
that's gonna totally kill the game oh
that is a cool skeleton you got there
who your brother and you have a nice one
- yes thank you
it's very lit is that what is that what
you guys say is it it's so fire its I'm
not looking very good I mean I'm looking
good today but just not my skeleton
thank you what Oh
Pookie's planning skills conserved
reduce try ready snapchat filter in
three two one
which one do you think what looks more
like a skeleton I didn't but honestly
don't know like on this windy kiss to be
honest none of its look like a skeleton
whoa roasted Wow you don't even like my
fedora no let it snow in the finance
booth you think made the best spooky
scary skin at all
and now you're eating your skeleton and
I will bite into this because there's no
food coloring in this and I can't eat
then spider-man is touched it
and we're back oh man
okay next round and the reason why we
have so much orange come on man now this
is gonna burn because of you these are
me yeah well I'm just gonna sit here and
wait with my pumpkin outline it's
looking pumpkiny this is looking great
guys this is like looking so much better
than melon roasted well are you gonna
take that from your sister she did
roasting you well you know what hers
actually looks a lot better so I'm white
wait wait wait oh wow okay that's so
good
I'm gonna compete with that I get a
trusses in art class thanks to my
teacher oh okay
who's ready to reveal their pumpkin whoa
oh I forgot the nose I forgot the
triangle nose that's all play so good
eye there is miss monkey's pumpkin yeah
mr. monkey aka mr. bee aka slick Eddie
slick
that is your pumpkin let us know in the
comments who made the best
jack-o'-lantern for help
like people hold their pumpkins alright
next fret Holmes
pumpkin taco pumpkin taco enjoy pumpkin
taco in this round you can completely do
whatever you want this is a freestyle
how long we freestyle make something
scary spooky do whatever you want that's
creepy and spooky and Halloweeny what
are you making
miss monkeys making the snapchat logo
mr. monkey is making a bird I'm to
reveal your spooky nets in three two one
go
I tried to make a kawaii ghost and I
tried to make a spider he tried to make
it alright let's go for that close-up
ooh
now that is the spookiest spider I've
ever seen in my oh that is a kawaii
ghost very cool those kawaii cheeks very
nice very nice Lanice middle comments
who you think won that round obviously I
did
all around guys they are going to make
Pennywise be it clown he doesn't go my
Pennywise the a clown he's Pennywise
with dancing what what is that three two
one go
I needed you outside oh there you go we
got some creepy clown action going on
here
alright we got some crazy clown here
okay we got one monkeys starting with
the hair and the face and the other
monkey's starting with the eyes and the
old this is getting creepy
alright time to make the nose he has
such a cute little nose that's what I
love about that that guy you know no
what do you mean Gibby's daddy who can
make the creepiest Pennywise smile I
mean I don't know how to make the yellow
eyes though I'm I am trying my best and
that is all that counts
okay okay oh I'm so close to doing this
perfectly I think mine looks better than
yours and I can say that because it
looks like me before no that looks
amazing
dagger I need to paint the just a little
addition you know the red balloon wow
you guys are going all out I'm not gonna
make because that's a copycat booth okay
what are you making the boat that Billy
gave Georgie okay if you didn't see this
movie how do you know I heard
it is time to reveal in three two one
very scary wow they're really good which
one do you like better Wow mr. monkey
and here's Miss monkeys it clown up
close alright guys let us know who won
thanks for watching everybody if you
liked this video please like subscribe
and leave a comment down below tell us
who you think won this challenge leave
comment down below saying if you want
another pancake kind of challenge yeah
and leave a like if you want another
pancake art thanks for watching
no you know what's good
okay thanks for watching everybody
please do like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left and a little theme will pop
up and use it to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice
