all right give me a few moments and I'm
gonna go Photoshop and you just sit
there and do whatever you do
what is she doing are you concerned -
we're gonna eat a lot of them we're
gonna give them away we're gonna share
them with family
mommy's concerned because I'm gonna put
the kid's head in a jar today and I had
to buy pickles because we didn't have
any extra charge but I promise we're
gonna do a lot of things with these
pickles we're gonna make tuna sandwiches
donate some to our friends your parents
if you're giving something to somebody
that you have but you think that they
should have I think it's a donation
right that's my pasta pot okay I'm gonna
clear playing pickles in my pasta pot
this is sacrilegious this is pick
Alicia's the kids are not back from
school yet but we're gonna Surprise them
by telling them the way into this craft
putting their heads in a jar they'd be
so excited for this video you see that
no we got empty pickle jars why use a
jar because we're doing a baby because
it's about her we're gonna put your head
in these jars open us up and stay tuned
to the end of this video because we have
a big surprise announcement phase your
homework yes
all right are you ready to put your head
in a jar
ladies and gentlemen your daughter
you're supposed to play it not act like
you can play it teacher gave me this and
it's clogged it's clogged it doesn't
sound like it's clogged at all
I'm gonna take a picture of your face
and then I'm gonna Photoshop it so that
it fits in the jar
all right so we're gonna take a picture
of your face I think we got it okay miss
monkey you're up next
okay it's not gonna work with that no
can I have my phone back
Wow thank you
no comment I like that one
okay good all right give me a few
moments and I'm gonna go Photoshop and
you just sit there and do whatever you
do what is she doing
other heads looks pretty legit all right
let's do this grab your face put it
inside the bowl all right there's your
face in the jar I hope it works all
right all right look at your head hey
legit is it legit nice guys watch it ya
know put some water in it hopefully your
head magnifies oh is it magnifying your
magnification do we have magnification
hmm both heads in charge so what well
pretty good pretty good not bad at all
now we should we should add some stuff
to that since that it's Halloween
I want to make cinematics let's look at
that looks pretty cool yeah the big
reveal Wow
what do you think I really like the
green one yeah sweet look it looks like
you're holding your own head amazing
incredible that you know what those
should go at the entrance when people
come in yes sure you would like to into
thumbs up or thumbs down big thumbs up
from Mama bean you did so well thank you
I'm so proud of you thank you hey don't
pick your nose before I forget we are on
a YouTube red show YouTube red YouTube
met first world wonders with Colin Furze
we're in an episode in the Halloween
special so I'm gonna link to the show
here and I'm gonna show you guys a
surprise clip right now I
okay that was I think my favorite part
of this show but there's so much more in
that episode so go over to YouTube red
check out Colin Furze first world
wonders the ceremony alright thanks for
watching everybody ho ho ho ho ho thanks
for watching everybody please like
subscribe and leave a comment down below
if you haven't subscribed yet please
click on the icon on the left hand a
little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice bye
