bless you that's not all that's not all
either and I have been dreaming of doing
this video for so long but I just wanted
to wait for the right time for me to
have over a hundred squishes can you
believe it can you believe it
I don't know exactly how much I have how
many I have figure that's a grammatical
error right there
but I definitely have more than 90 I
gave like some away to my friends and
stuff for me my old you can never have
too many squishes but I know people who
have like 500 or 900 squishies and
that's just that's just crazy I just
think that's too much for me in my old
you can never have too many squishes but
and when I finished my squishy
collection 2017 collection video part of
the video I'm going to show you
something really cool that a company
sends me I'm not gonna tell you what it
is and what it's for but you know fief
but that didn't hurt I'm not gonna go
into detail while I'm doing every
squishy because that's gonna take me
three thousand years what we're gonna do
while I'm showing them as my dad's gonna
count in the corner so I'm just gonna
wish have numbers showing up I like that
buy other socks here
and now for the moment you've all been
waiting for
I'm gonna go through every single
squishy I have and three to kill you
with the pink heart donut mirror blush
fun rooster that I randomly have it's
not even a squishy smelling bun I forgot
what this thing's called corn waffle
cone with a bunch of fruit toppings on
watermelon pink strawberry medium sized
small pan of fun I don't know what size
is that I have lots tiny little
chocolate doughnut sugar doughnut purple
baby bottle see that like a boss brie
cheese twisty bun my whale is kind of
like a ability to whale ripoff I named a
Malin laughs dipped quarter dipped
chocolate squishy jumbo capybaras on
biscuit yes this one is supposed to be a
lemon but they printed on a panda face
so panda lemon very slow rising soft
half dipped waffle I'm pretty sure you
guys remember this one
small panda bun panda head jumbo panda
bun giant melon cake love toast
kitty mushroom burger bun Tiger head
capybaras on cake roll apple grape mini
love bun
jumbo watermelon baby boots cake jumbo
loaf of bread tooth Hello Kitty bow
macaron plain doughnut I have no idea
what this is called
sprinkle weird eggs guy monkey face
right
one pink donut with a bike Martin with a
bite mark chocolate eclair I have a blue
one of this but it lost at school Oh
donut whatever it's called
Hello Kitty donut sure Oh
a puppy eating pudding printing owl cow
candy mango jumble bakery chocolate
croissants so soft seashell banana on a
stick I don't know what that is a face
fun yo man put your phone on silent
hello kitty donut this is also my first
one I bloom peach bumbum rainbow apple
cake this one's my favorite one it's
called is strawberry pudding pudding or
something
ideas pudding monkey face cake bunny
cake
katpa it's so tiny it's like the size of
my hand palm butter button it smelled
exactly like the movie theater and we'll
walk in it's like popcorn I have no idea
what that is Billy the whale
croissant carrot a whole chocolate cake
slice Rambo cake another hamburger bun
ice cream how did I remember that be at
that - yes another croissant rose cake
Hello Kitty donut teacup with a mousse
in it or a deer or something mermaid
strawberry cake another waffle cone but
a different-colored cones woke up right
in here
a wiener dog coconut shavings donut pink
baby bottle that isn't as slow rising as
a purple ice cream flavor pumpkin
chocolate kitty Cornett jumbo chocolate
kitty cronuts Larry the key look at that
guy's is so bad we're down to it the
last ten chocolate strawberry cake
good luck chocolate pineapple donut
chocolate cake taiyaki fish pearl Manju
button or steamed bun this looks like a
shopkin so I'm just gonna call it a
chocolate bar shopkin one jumbo whoops
you're a baby
1/2 strawberry jumbo ice cream so we are
down to the last seven squishies that
are in my Squishy collection I've
haven't opened this one yet but it looks
so cute double packaging that's how you
know how lit it is is it see what I did
there this is like a very bad paint job
that's what it's called a very bad paint
job what is that bad each other that's
what it's called so it's like a kitty in
a cup no you're getting paint all over
the table
next is this pineapple that is so cute
for a desk decoration like you need to
put there put it there up there you can
put it there there so this is what it
looks like
so that's that one it's a little Apple
it's so soft it has like a realistic
bite mark like it looks super real that
was me I took away it's almost as red as
your lipstick it's not lipstick for the
last freakin time
my last second one we got merch stick
and last one this one is so cute it's so
small this one's like comes with a
keychain
I don't need that oh my goodness it's
like the tiniest little cupcake you will
ever see it's not very slow rising but
it's so satisfying to hold oh my
goodness I love it the coolest do I feel
like what the heck is that well this is
not spooky but there's something amazing
and I'm not going to tell you you're
sleepy inside so this is a beam and it
probably looks super weird to you it's
not a squishy it's plastic but once I
open this you are going to be amazed you
ready so you got I pressed on this and
inside it's a little pump beam squishy
isn't that amazing and it's so softly
slow rising oh that is full rising okay
so now that I have finished my
collection
bless you now that I've finished the
squishy collection I want to show you
guys something really cool that a
company called soft and slow so in soft
soft soft and slow squishy calm soft and
slow squishy she's calm nobody behind
the camera told me that details down
below details down below in the
description
nobody told me that either so before I
do this part I want to dress up as
something like something scary or like
Pennywise I'm gonna dress this Pennywise
okay let's go yeah I don't have
Pennywise but I do have a costume okay
then what do we have
this is what my dad provided me with
it's scary
these can be scary uh look at this
packaging three two one Wow look at this
as soon as you open it up there's
cobwebs like bats and skulls so these
are very special Halloween officials so
the first one is a soft and slow gross
desserts Wow look at that now that's
what I call a paint job whoa this feels
so weird it's like a cake like a super
heroics cake would you tell me in the
comments down below if this was real
would you want to eat it
Wow okay let's see you know what that's
very soft and slow thumbs up I'd give
that is whoa look at this giant squishy
this is like a doughnut that's like
super old and spoiled and there's like a
cockroach crawling inside it's infested
with cockroaches squishing this is oh
it's so dense but it's so slow rising I
love it it's like cotton candy look at
the colors it's just so amazing Wow so
these are just like Halloween desserts
but they have like a twist these are so
huge look at this and you don't need to
have a good paint job or anything in
good college because it's like Halloween
so it's like super super old and stuff
and like spoiled you know there's like
maggots in this it's like a it's like a
spoiled cupcake that's like an old
expired one who's like a maggot crawling
out of the old strawberry look at that
there's like weird stuff again with the
cockroaches and stuff like that the bead
flies it's like dripping over the side
this is so detailed like boo and it also
smells spooky too this is so soft and oh
my goodness so they also gave me this
like slime Wow
it's slime that's legit fine this is
legit slime guys oh and it's got like
little creepy crawlies inside whoa wait
does it poke oh yeah it's a good thing
we didn't put down the table and last
thing here is this green hoodie blue
midnight glows in the dark
you know what this is this is like
basically Aaron's Thinking Putty crazy
and reading hoodies you can totally tell
this is glow-in-the-dark whoa look at
that whoa it's so stretchy I want to do
something crazy
three two one makes it this is so weird
you guys and it's turning into slime
like real slime mixing slime with
luminite yeah what that's that's not
right yes it is in my world is thanks
for watching please like subscribe and
leave a comment down below if you
enjoyed this video and asked us what you
want to see next one even feel like
thanks for watching and hear public can
you pan out of it yeah sure
look what you're cleaning up okay man
thanks for watching everybody please
like subscribe and leave a comment down
below if you haven't subscribed yet
please click on the icon on the left
hand
little feet will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said once it's my radio voice bye
