okay today's gonna be a fun video it's
gonna consist of a lot of Pop Tarts I
bought a whole bunch of these a while
back different flavors and we're gonna
do a pop-tart versus real food with the
monkeys so we're gonna see if watermelon
pop-tarts taste like watermelon so I
think it's time to get started
is this real food or like fake food like
candy we'll see brown one
you liking my one it's actually doesn't
really matter which one it is because I
love both I love food
rock paper scissors no touching the
plate I know how you guys work I really
want a pop-tart so I feel like this
one's about three two one yeah as you
can see it's probably gonna be delicious
so I'm gonna travel well and here I've
got the cinnamon pop-tart hmm it's like
a regular sermon bomb I love how to give
you two pop-tarts in each package all
right that's how it looks like that
cinnamon pop-tart all right take a bite
this is like a cinnamon roll I really
like is that much we're gonna it's too
dry I kind of loved it a little bit I
just don't get that
cinnamon bun feel to it how old are that
this expired
well it says best before July 2017 2017
yeah thumbs up or thumbs down for the
cinnamon pop tournament roll that way no
oh no guys when your comes all the time
you always have to take them a bigger
place in the world
I'm excited you watch the next on the
menu because there snake in there yes is
a big fat snake and a pop tart flavored
snake it's a cupcake which means that I
get cupcake flavored
that's do cupcake flavoured pop-tarts
all right confetti cupcake versus did
you just eat the whole thing
did you just you just smash the whole
cupcake are you serious the cool thing
is that this looks exactly like she just
smashed a little cupcake oh this must
like have you ever got three pop-tarts
into package know I hear people put
their top types in a toaster like some
kinda tastes like I know it does look
cream cheese you know I might chest it's
like no no well maybe what we think it's
better not be doing like 2003 or
something that's before June 2017 Oh God
it does kind of tastes like a cupcake
I'll give it that disgusting most
disgusting thing I've ever had is it the
most disgusting no okay hi I got back
yeah or they're like super weird Labor's
yeah they're weird but
I think of like strawberry yeah horses
your horses Rock Paper Scissors shoot oh
is that the one chocolate-chip cookie
dough and this is what geez I got way Oh
cookie don't kill you all right how's
that taste it it looks like a bad case
of grande Maria because everyone's
wondering why so amount to me I'm gonna
take a bite out of the top all right
there's that top have any okay you know
what it smells like cookie dough really
I think I like it that delicious hmm
cookie dough and cookie dough pop-tart I
like things pop tart I like the pop tart
more is your tummy itchy you know is
your tongue Gucci expired April 2017 oh
okay what's better cookie dough butter
or cookie dough cookie dough pop-tart
really yeah you look that better because
I won't get worms in my food by email
did you do worms or poop okay Rock Paper
Scissors shoot
I'm actually excited for this because I
already know what cousins are like you
better save one for me okay cookies and
cream basically Oreo I think I eat Oreos
a little different let me know in the
comments if you do this do I open up the
Oreo and I take off the cream sorry
let us know in the comments if you do
this I squish it okay doesn't work
because those are those are expired too
this is how cool it's freaking pops are
below and wow look at the paint job on
me yeah someone hit a lot of love into
this this part is like but this is like
the outside of the cookie lemon and then
we gotta take the frosting well look at
that oh yeah oh yeah kind of good for
the first two seconds and then oh okay
it's just like a car like bar you know
the smoke that comes out of it like it
just like you I need smiling oh I
thought that a photography but I just
like smell it and I picture what it
tastes like and that's what it tastes
like in Miss monkey's opinion this
pop-tart tastes like car fumes or a bus
a bus a bus all right here we go oh my
god
guys no I'd rather say three to one
crush okay let's try it so anyways oh
it's just regular stuff this is
delicious
things like is delicious it tastes like
you know my high then oh what a mess
mmm yeah here try it
it does Wow nice bling mmm
see that's nice that's too sweet Young
Turks like what is that don't get me
wrong I love pop charts maybe strawberry
blueberry pop-tarts but whoa Orange
Crush really thumbs over thumbs down
vertical yeah Oh eat some crunch to wash
down my crush I feel like I've heard
that somewhere
that's the old days yeah she okay around
the fire
Paper Scissors shoot you want how we see
that's kind of an expired water on the -
alright implement subscribe this out
boys and girls I already know what a
watermelon tastes like so I don't really
need to try out the watermelon but you
know what I'm actually glad I got the
water man because I don't like
watermelon flavor things I just think
it's disgusting like 1/1 flavored um
anything because it's not it doesn't
that's not is the most artistic pop-tart
I've ever there is watermelon very
artistic me this is miss monkey eating
her watermelon in different ways
enjoy alien eating a watermelon how's
that watermelon pots are very good
where's the expiration date January 2017
faxing months ago
hmmm that's it's like if someone were to
make like watermelon flavored cream
cheese Heba Jesus alright thumbs up or
thumbs down for the water I'll inflate
your pop-tart and now I should probably
tilt this camera up a little bit higher
Wow is that cool that's a cool trick
loading heads which reminds me we should
do like kids head in a jar pretty soon
yeah thanks for watching guys if there's
any other video you guys wants to do let
us know in the comments please give us a
thumbs up if you like this video thanks
for watching everybody please like
subscribe and leave a comment down below
if you haven't subscribed yet please
click on the icon on the left hand a
little theme will pop up and use it to
subscribe if you already have subscribed
please forget everything that I have
just said it's my radio voice bye
