today I'm gonna be doing something
somewhat of a surprise for the family
we're going to surprise you guys with
some never seen before footage yes
you're like reacting to those thank you
the LG base sent us a projector for us
to check out and we're gonna plug it in
we're gonna react to the video using
that projector where is it oh yeah this
is the LG protein USP that they sent us
and us T stands for you next time it
doesn't stand for us time it stands for
ultra short throws you can actually put
this right up against your wall or close
to the wall and actually projected so
you don't have to put a projector on the
ceiling you can literally just put this
on a table on the floor in front of a
screen all right go ahead and unbox this
monkey okay that is a remote-controlled
phone guys this is the pro beam ultra
short throw this is it guys you put this
up against your wall you turn it on so
this has a laser light source it has
20,000 hours of operation Wow so you can
literally have this bumper 833 days so
basically you can have this for a little
over two years on 20,000 hours and up to
1500 lumens
okay today it's how you measure
brightness okay so how you measure
brightness and the 1500 lumens is a lot
so it's bright it lasts a long time
you can put up against the wall you can
connect this to your mobile device so it
has webOS Smart TV so you can actually
connect this to the Internet and watch
your favorite shows it has its own
built-in TV tuner you can connect a
whole bunch of different devices to this
and this is it this replaces your home
cinema you put this down and do it up
Thank You LG we're gonna hook this up
right now and we are going to react to a
video and you haven't seen this video I
have you were in it but you didn't see
it I was in it but I didn't see it yeah
so here these guys you want to be the
coolest model yes okay
Familia we are here to react to an old
cringy video that we made a while ago
and it was about us dancing and I
remember we recorded this and I played
it back and I didn't want to post it
live because it was it was a little
embarrassing but I think it's time to
react to this video and you guys let us
know how cringy this video is guys
before we start any questions but we
didn't know what's crazy at the time
though yeah we thought it was cool we
thought it did a good job mm-hmm mm-hmm
but now looking back move not saying I'm
not so nice what would you do
differently everything all right you
guys ready all right let's get to it
hold on let me press pause for a second
hold on we're the a/v family and we're
gonna teach you how to dance we didn't
even know how to dance back then okay I
will play the whole video straight now
all right oh look at this guys what are
we doing this
so early on this was early on because we
thought we were teaching people how to
dance look at that look at the robot we
all took turns are so little look at
that what's again oh look at this guy's
what is that I bump into you there
dude what are we doing there oh all the
swap
let's hit the swap the sweetness
you guys are cute doing that oh my gosh
look at that
you're gonna finish it with the can-can
oh good night could not talk like you
guys were talking so much and I was just
I'm so amused oh my goodness cause I'm
sorry if I wasn't talking so much I was
just just cringed to the maximum that
was crazy that shows though is we learn
right we didn't know so the moral of the
story here miss monkey please moral of
the story is you have to laugh at
yourself yeah you have to laugh at
yourself because it shows how much
you've grown and how much you've learned
right right and no one's perfect
we're not perfect we're not perfect but
we have fun and that's all that matters
we were having a blast what we were
doing that we were smiling that's what
it's all about if you guys make funny
videos just have fun yeah yeah yeah I
might miss a lot of fun and a great
opportunity hearing so much what people
think and then you make the viral and if
I go viral yeah
oh speaking of opportunities we are
gonna give away one of those projectors
Oh LG wants to send you one of these
projectors so subscribe to our channel
leave a comment down below and we will
randomly pick a winner and LG will send
you this projector thanks again to LG
for sponsoring this video
hooking us up with this projector and
hooking up one of our viewers and maybe
they're a whole family so they can all
watch movies together yeah so you guys
could have a movie night at your house
thanks for watching everybody and if
there's another cringy video that you
want us to react to let us know in the
comments and we'll do it we love you
guys mama are there any other cranky
video saying I have a father who are you
huh there's one of him in his underwear
no no no forget it guys what's not one
nope thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you've haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left hand a little thing will pop
up and you get to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said
it's my radio voice but
