adjustable speed
yeah for the record I don't think the
airplane smelled like feet we are on our
way to Providence what to has con Thank
You Hasbro we're gonna go there and I
heard we got challenged by Zach king in
a nerf battle not all the exact knows
who he's messing with because we have a
lot of experience with Nerf blasters so
it's gonna go down it's gonna go down
right mommy she's the most dangerous one
out of all of us with of the Nerf
blasters snap we're hungry so we stopped
at the Shake Shack before we go to has
gone very excited this is our first time
in the Shake Shack
you're in you're in luck you got your
pass though they good if you don't your
past
Eugene over there's gonna toss you out
right there if he doesn't have his pass
what are you gonna do - I'm gonna toss
them out yeah see you see that
behind-the-scenes getting prepped for
battle today down yeah we're down has
con with Zack came up guys
and he's challenged us to a nerf battle
have you seen our videos with our nerf
battles we know we know what we're doing
you know we came to day earlier to
practice your honor force scouting you
know yesterday we had a four minute
battle against children how that I've
never seen anything like this look at
the size of this thing the mega Mastodon
oh my goodness do you still play with my
little pony when you were a kid yeah you
still a my little pony you're a huge
benefit
Wow this should get you to sing the
theme song now
what do you see what do you see
look it's opponents Dirty Picture weapon
come on no no we already issued a
challenge to that king online and he's
been talking trash all day he responded
he's good oh my goodness
I didn't get that gun yeah you get the
baby gun over there oh we get the few
guns read the pew pew okay so did you
see this Wow
look at all these
oh boy
now
Wow look at all the darts on the ground
look at this we had a blast
thank you she's doing dirt angels bye
guys
yes thank you here we are with the Jamie
Kosta mastery impersonator I first
started seeing your stuff in the vine
days yes but you do some crazy
impersonations now I'm not going to say
which ones you do I'm gonna bring the
monkeys here they're gonna try to guess
is that okay alright monkeys squeak I
saw your hand just moment this one what
I think you have a wish yeah amazing
watch out kids there's a lot of nerf
guns out there I got a bad feeling about
this he gave it away with the line I
love Princess Leia right we're just
gonna be driving down the road country
Red Bull and turn around because hey I'm
Matthew McConaughey ding ding ding ding
ding preciate it what can we find you
under a bridge somewhere no alright
under bridge or I'm gonna leave us links
down in the description below I'm gonna
I'm gonna google all your descriptive
Twitter it's whatever Instagram all
right we're linking them down below
thank you so much
baby family
oh my goodness high-five are they gonna
color your hair where do you do give you
a are you getting 45
you just got bonafide I like your style
oh my goodness
wow that looks great
so wait till it dries that's give me a
fun clean ride
you gotta throw down if you don't see
how to Elmo look at that troll here you
got troll five I'm a troll you're tryna
nut
she's nuts they're gonna kick you out if
you keep doing that if you misbehave
they're gonna kick you out oh my
goodness okay I gotta go get her she's
getting carried out by security she had
a blast she doesn't want to leave again
all right guys we love you thanks for
watching thanks for watching everybody
please like subscribe and leave a
comment down below if you haven't
subscribed yet please click on the icon
on the left hand a little theme will pop
up and you get to subscribe if you
already have subscribed please forget
everything that I have just said it's my
radio voice bye
